4	This is a grass roots, all volunteer, no contracts, no catch co-operative.   If you are looking for lots of fresh produce (about 2 weeks worth), this is the best deal around plus you get to meet great people!!  You get about $50 worth of grocery and restaurant quality produce for only $15.  Bread, olive oil, honey and granola are also available.  You must put your order in in advance and be there on time for the pick up...there are 18 locations around the Valley.  Do yourself a favor and bring a laundry basket!!  Since it is a co-op they are always looking for volunteers and you do get a couple extra items for your time!!
5	Bountiful Baskets is great. My wife and I tried it last week and could not believe the great value and freshness of the produce. We have been cooking like crazy here at the house and even did an Iron Chef style contest with our in laws who also tried it out with us. We each ordered a basket - everything was excellent. Being vegetarian we tore through nearly everything already. So we are doing the organic this weekend and will double our order for next Saturday.This is a great value - and the produce we got was worth at least $50 - probably more like $75.
5	BB is the best! Did my first organic pick up this morning at Guadalupe and 101.. the baskets aren't as big as the conventional baskets but awesome none the less. I had some celery as soon as I got home.. tasted like celery.. juicy, salty and fresh.. unlike the shit you get from the store that tastes like nothing. This is a great deal and I'm so happy that we have something like this here. In these hard times its good to know that you can still eat well for less.The conventional baskets are great as well.. only 15 bucks! These baskets however are nearly over flowing with produce. Last time me and the Mr got one we gave away almost half of it.. way to much for 2 people.. also picked up a case of tomatoes last week and canned about 16 jars of home made tomato sauce.. great value if you like to can!
5	Leave your dirty laundry at home and just bring your basket........ you won't be disappointed. You get great value, super convenient (for us at least), and good quality. I used this service for the first time this weekend. The service has pickup locations all over the valley. We are lucky enough to have one less than 5 minutes away. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. We left with a laundry basket full of Fruits, veggies, and Bread (see attached picture). For those who want details. We went conventional, since our location did not have Organic option: 2 tomato's, 13 gala apples, 5 Asian pears, 1 pineapple, 1 large celery stock, 1 pound strawberries, 11 bananas, 1 broccoli stock, 1 bundle green onions, 1 cantaloupe, 1 large green leafy lettuce, 1 English cucumber, 5 Pound bag of potato's. We had 1 order sourdough bread (which is 4 loaves), which is a extra cost. All for the cost of $25 ($15 for the fruit and veggies and $10 for bread). Note there is a small card processing fee and a $3 first timer charge. I compared this (yes I had some time to kill this AM) to http://www.Safeway.com and you would pay $49. Granted, like us you probably would buy veggies and fruits on sale rather than full price so this is kinda misleading. This is only for comparison. I would compare the quality of products as the same as your grocery stores, although the bread we received was much better than any grocery "artisan" selection. The selection gives us a variety, you tend to pick the same stuff up every week at your normal store. I hope they will have Organic option at our pick up location soon. I would like to thank Yelp for introducing me to this as Amanda B mentioned in her review, would of never found this without the help of Yelp!!!!
5	I just got my first Bountiful Basket..what a fun surprise of goodies. For 15.00 buckaroos we got  a load of veggies and fruit and just about all things we buy on a regular basis. Bananas, strawberries, pears, kiwis, apples and seedless grapes.  For the veggies we got clean pretty potatoes, lettuce, asparagus, celery  and red peppers.   The family gathered around and pronounced it good!  Kids called dibs on the fruit , who can resist fresh strawberries? the level of cleanliness and freshness were superb. Stuff looks like I just went to AJ's and I was expecting Food City ! Did I mention I purchased the Mexican Basket as well? It  included onions, chives, jalapenos, tomatillos, tortillas,cilantro and garlic. Okay I admit I don't know what I am going to do with the tomatillos but I will figure out something.  Shoot me a message if you have ideas.The whole concept of co-op shopping and the level of quality really  were impressive. I thought I 'd meet in the parking lot with  a few other people and it would be no big deal. But this operation is huge at least 100  portions / baskets if not more , tons of people. We basically take over a school parking lot.  Even with pouring rain , people were helpful, kind and talkative.  The sweet old guy behind me said they have been doing it for years and his whole family ( grown kids etc)  purchase the baskets now. Why haven't I done this before?
5	I have been partcicipating in Bountiful Baskets for almost a year now. I get the organic basket, which is $25 and a little less produce than the conventional basket. I have taken pictures, but they are trapped on my cell phone.If you think that getting up at 7am on a Saturday morning is a pain, try getting up to be at the site at 5:45am. No really, try it- it's called volunteering and it's what the co-op is all about. The lead volunteer arrives by 5am to meet the truck and gets a free basket as a reward. Andrea is in charge of my site and believe me, it's a lot of work. I show up around 5:45 or 6am to help distribute the goods and organize the co-oppers when they show up. It's really a blast to speak to all of the participants. Although it's early, people are more than happy to share their aunt's apple pie recipe or provide an answer to the often asked, "what is this???"The breads provided by the co-op are delicious. Although you may be put off by having to buy them in bulk, people are often open to trading. They also freeze well. I have tried the wheat cranberry and the whole grain sandwich bread. Everything has been chewy and tasty. It should be mentioned that the breads are not organic. Also to be mentioned- they are local.Bountiful Baskets has locations all over the valley- and now Utah and some other state as well.You won't be dissapointed.
5	This might be the best-kept secret on Yelp.  I found out about this fruit and veggie co-op through a couple of friends, and was thrilled to see such a variety of pickup locations across the valley -- including one at a park less than 2 miles from my house!I took a silly amount of pleasure in gathering my reusable grocery bags and getting up at 7am this morning to pickup my produce.  I echo the other reviewers that the quality is fantastic and the pickup process is quick and very painless.  Their web site is a little difficult to navigate, but sure enough -- I entered my credit card info and pickup location on Wednesday, and Saturday morning they had my name and confirmation number on the list  so their system certainly works!The surprising variety is simply FUN!  I made impromptu grilled veggie kabobs and fruit salad for lunch today to start digging into my supply, and the inclusion of a spaghetti squash in my basket led me to discover a 5-star recipe on allrecipes.com that I can't wait to try out this week.  I definitely plan to recommend this fun and super valuable co-op to friends.
5	just sorted out my  bunch-o-goodies from this mornings pick-up, this is the 3rd time i have used the co-op in the past 6 weeks. great assortment to graze on and cook with. added on a case of granny smith apples hope they will keep like they did in new mexico. wrap individual in newspaper and stick in cool place. do the same with onions when in season and on sale. how can i not be healthy eating all this good produce? 2 fruits and a veggie gotta cancel out a taco and hot dog, right?
5	This is a great find, and a wonderful value.  I've been participating in this co-op for 3 months now and have never been disappointed.  My kids always have good snacks and I've found more reasons to cook fresh.
5	Awesome value. In fact, we got so much food  we couldn't even eat it all. I think we're going to have to go in with friends on the next basket so our produce doesn't rot in the fridge.Fresh and delicious, I couldn't ask for more!!
4	Love it!  We ordered the $25 organic basket and it was very nice.  We got a bag of what appeared to be gala apples, two bags of green grapes, a sack o' potatoes, swiss chard, a cantaloupe, a pound of strawberries, a little box of blueberries, and a few large "trees" of broccoli.Very quick and easy, we ordered online on Tuesday, went and picked it up at the park Saturday morning and we're done!The only reason why I give it four stars is because we ordered the "first time basket" for $3... assuming this is an actual basket and the website does not clarify.We get there, and "first time basket" is really not worth it... there is no such thing.  We got nothing different than the seasoned Bountiful Baskets Buyer, not even a cool explanation of how it works.So... don't buy the first time basket thing and you won't be disappointed at all with them. :)
4	Ok, I cannot go anywhere without telling someone about Bountiful Baskets!  I love it, what a fantastic thing to stumble upon!  My friend at work had been doing it for a long time, and I have no idea why I never asked her about it, but finally did one day.  I was hooked the day I picked up my stuff.  I couldn't believe all the stuff I got for $15.  I mean after check out it turns out to be $19.50 on the first go round and then $16.50 each time, but dang saves me a bunch of time at the grocery store!  I especially love the Italian and Mexican packs we get ever so often, that is such a great value too!  I was a little intimidated by it on my first trip, not really knowing what to expect, so I had my sister come along.  We were so amazed at how easy and organized they were.  I normally go to the DV Park location, there are a ton of people that use that site.  I think there are 2 ladies that trade off each weekend, because of how big that site gets, both are equally organized!  I live in Laveen and went and help out once there, which is 1/16th of the size of the one at DV Park, but I imagine it gets bigger and bigger every week.  My aunt came in from UT in May, and I told her about it too, it's growing so fast there, I think they had 3 pick up spots in UT and now have like 8.  Good Stuff!
5	I was just updated by a veteran Bountiful Baskets participator...  (thank you ma'am!)The $3 first time basket fee is apparently required for your first time.I guess I mistook it because on the website it's in a drop down menu that you choose... and of course I chose it anyway, so I never had the chance to be told that it's required. :)So... if the fee is required anyway for first timers, as sort of an admin fee, then that's fine.I just thought it was originally offensive that I had the option to forgo it.My bad! :)  I should take my own advice and assume the positive intent!! hahaha
3	I have a love / hate relationship with them.  The price is right.  This is the best way to buy produce.  Sometimes it's incredible and sometimes it's a rip off.  I prefer to eat organic and I love that every other week is organic week.  Recently the organic basket has been really small.  I feel like I am being ripped off.  One time I got a carton of rotten fruits. The regular produce basket is wonderful.  It's always topped to the brim.  Make sure you wash it real well, some of the veggies have that chemical taste to it.  I am going to wait a while to order it again, the veggie variety has been the same over and over again.  I think that will change as the seasons change.
5	There is nothing bad to say about BB food co-op!  Like everyone else here I am constantly telling folks about the incredible value and volume of food for such a LOW LOW price!   I even get angry watching ppl pick out expensive veggies in TJ's (I love you too TJ) when they can get equal quality at half the price!Negitives I have heard: "food tastes 'chemically'"  I usually hear this from people that are used to buying organic produce from high end markets.  For all us regular joes looking for extra bargins there is NO chemical taste....or maybe I'm just used to it ;)  This is a food co-op, in no way shape or form can be compaired to someplace like whole foods....INCLUDING THE PRICE-hello!"Not able to pick what you get" This is the BEST part of BB!  Since starting several months ago I've eaten my first fresh artichoke, mango, coconut, hatch chili and some lettuce varieties.  Things I would have never picked out in the grocery store due to not knowing what to do with it but I LOVE trying out new items!  "Food is overripe/not ripe etc".  Its true, you sometimes need to be a little inventive with your basket.  But a little research on the net provides many solutions to ripen fresh fruit, make fruit leathers, and did I mention fresh fruit margaritas??!!Okay and how awesome is it to wait 3 minutes in line to get ALL your groceries for the week?  Goodbye supermarket, I hate you!!  You definatly need to remember that this is a not for profit CO-OP.  If you arent happy with your basket its just tough, you kind of take what you get.  But even having given away or discarded things I didnt want or had too much of I STILLLLLLLL LOVE YOU BB!
4	I am NOT a morning person, but for a cheap dinner with some Yelp pals and a week's worth of produce... a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do!The website is really difficult to understand but basically, you click on the words Log-In on the masthead of the site to place an order. When you place your order you can get your $15 basket and add "packs" (prices vary) like a tropical pack (things like pineapple mango, lime and coconut), guacamole (things like avocado, cilantro, jalapeno and onion) pack or Italian pack (things like garlic, onions, tomato and eggplant) or breads. Orders need to be in by 10 p.m. on Wednesday night.There are loads of locations to pick up your basket, I try to pick the closest location that allows me to sleep a little more. (I'm not AWAKE at 7 on most weekdays, let alone AT my destination!) Pick up times are FIRM, so if you are supposed to be there at 7, be there at 7 - as soon as the baskets are gone they're out of there! You need to bring your own containers to take the items home. While the baskets are rationed into laundry baskets, you don't get to take the basket with you. A couple of reusable grocery bags will do. Here's an inventory of what we got one week (we added the tropical pack for $7.50): 10 lb bag of russet potatoes1 cantaloupe1 head romaine3 stalks of broccolismall bag of brussel sproutscherry tomatoespeachesapplespluots (plums)1 cucumber12 bananas4 yellow onions1 bag of grapescoconuta pygmy pineapple (seriously, it's the smallest pineapple I've ever seen!)3 mango4 kiwi4 limesThere is no way I could eat this much fruit and vegetables on my own (5-a-day be damned!) but  Amy D., AMber W. and I have started a tradition of cooking dinner with items in the basket and sharing a meal while we split our bounty. It's been a great way to end the weekend!
2	The concept is awesome, the execution is average.  It is nothing more than typical grocery store food for a few less dollars.  You don't get to pick what you get so spending a few bucks at the store to get what you want is enticing to many.  There is zero effort on getting the goods locally.  I have gotten garlic from China (they grow it here in AZ as well as other parts of N. America) and avocados from Chile (isn't Cali famous for them?).  Other reviewers, the message board on the site, and the people who run the site like to say they buy the same food as other stores like Sprouts.  No chance.  They also claim to buy local when it is available but the summer isn't the AZ grow season (their words).  Go to Whole Foods and check out the local produce they have, apparently they forgot about no growing in the summer here.  I am sure the local farmers markets disagree as well.  They admit to buying from grocery store wholesalers.  If the local grocery store conglomerates don't buy local  then obviously BB doesn't right?  If you want Wal-Mart or Food City quality produce that is from a land far-faraway then BB will be a good option.  With the proper expectations, you will be satisfied.
4	I think this concept is really awesome.  I just wish we knew what to expect every week. But I totally understand why we don't know what fruits and veggies we will get. I like volunteering, i have met many people though doing so. The produce is great. I always order the bread too. It freezes really well and saves me a lot of money! Also sometimes I wish I didn't have o get up so early....but I would definitely recommend trying it!
5	Other than waking up early on a Saturday morning to get there by 7am...I love this Food Co-op. Everyone was very helpful and efficient. I did  the bountiful baskets on 32nd St and Chandler Blvd at Vista Canyon Park. Because of Bountiful Baskets, we have eaten more veggies and fruits this week than ever before. Even my hubby is excited about eating fruit for dessert which is completely unusual. The amount of food was awesome. I even got two pomegranets in my basket. Never would have bought them otherwise. The cantalope and the apples are super delicious and are sweet as honey. Even my toddler asked for more. I did have to throw away the lettuce I got because it was already wilting when I picked it up and then I never got a chance to make something quickly. The site that I picked up my stuff from is there every other weekend. I don't mind that because the amount of things we got will last us quite a long time. I just don't know what to do with all the sweet potatoes that I got in my basket this week because we don't eat much of that stuff.
5	I've been doing Bountiful Baskets for about 3 months now and I was really surprised at the quality of produce!Every week, Christina P, Amber W and I get the basket.  We rotate the pick-up and pay.  What's awesome about this is that every Sunday or Monday, we get together to make dinner and then split what's left. I remember as a kid, being raised by a single mom, going to the food co-op and it was hit-or-miss.  Some things had begun to rot and you had to make it that day.  Not so with Bountiful Baskets.  Everything's fresh, sometimes not even ripe.  That's good, because you get a LOT of food and waiting a couple days just makes you eat what's ripe earlier.  They also have add-ons of specials.  Last week, we got 48 ears of corn.  I'm not kidding!  Luckily, that got split 4 ways, but I'm still trying to make salsa and elote like a madwoman.  I like the Kodiak Produce pick-up.  First of all, it's at 11am so I don't have to get up at the ass-crack of dawn on a Saturday.  Second, they have extra stuff you can take.   Plus, it's the closes to Downtown.I love that we get stuff sometimes that is different than what I'd usually buy.  There's a squash in the box right now that I'm going to have to research.  The two best things I like?  Well, I'm eating more fresh fruit and veggies.  Nature's broom!  AND I get to spend some quality time with friends every week.  I think it's good to take a breather and cook homemade food at least once a week.
5	Still loving Bountiful Baskets! Great stuff  this past Saturday I got bananas, peaches, plums, lemons, spinach, yams, squash, peppers, corn, and lettuce  for the small price of 15.00!! Wow you can't go wrong , yes it's early for me but so what, just makes it easier to hike or yard sale or both!!  They also had cases of corn ,apples and peaches available.
4	If, like me, you don't generally go out of your way to pick up veggies in the store despite the fact that you really should, BB is the antidote to your ills.   The produce is good, you opt in on an as desired basis, and my pick up spot is literally around the block.   So much food we *always* share it with friends.   Organic is superb, but a little more spendy.   Looking forward to the Mexican food package that's this week's bonus basket.
5	I've been a basketer for about three years now. I started in Queen Creek, and I've migrated to sites in Mesa, Phoenix, Glendale, and now Peoria. I think what these ladies have done is amazing. The produce is consistently fresh, of good variety, and an extremely good value. Even when the pickins are sparse, they are still of a very good value. What I like best is that my baskets have gotten me to create dishes or baked goods that I wouldn't have tried otherwise (kiwi bread, anyone?)  There really is no downside to bountiful baskets - even the complaints about getting up early mornings are mute as they have an 11 AM pickup site in Phoenix (and yes I've been there too - I choose that location when I want a guaranteed sleep in morning.)
4	After hearing so many good things about Bountiful Baskets I just had to give it a try, especially with a pick up location just down the street.While I love the idea of the co-op and I look forward to getting my basket, I really wish they had smaller basket options. Unless I am able to convince my sister to go halves with me and my husband I find that a lot of produce ends up going to waste. I would also love a fruit only option. Despite my minor complaints, the price vs. the amount of produce you get is awesome and a great inspiration for meal planning.
5	Bountiful Baskets absolutely rocks!I have bought it about a dozen times now and have never once been disappointed. I love the fact that it is a mystery basket. If you don't like that I suggest you take your unadventurous palate to the grocery store and continue to buy the same boring veggies you have eaten all your life. I have had such interesting things, mini pineapple, tangelos, some strange lemon mango hybrid, all kinds of squash, pomegranates and countless others. There is a location on I17 @Kodiak Produce where the pick up time is 11am for you lazy people that can't get out of bed at 7am on a Saturday. Yes I am one of those people. They always have extras produce items to take home at that location. I would suggest splurging on a bread pack once in a while as they are scrumptious. I got one over the holidays and the lemon and cranberry bread was the best I have ever had. (Sorry Summer's Fruit Barn).All in all bountiful is a fun experience. I usually split my basket with someone because I would get so much produce it was hard for me to consume it all before it spoiled. I just bought a juicer so that problem is solved. If you love fruits and veggies give it a try, you never know what you'll come home with.
5	I'm new to Bountiful Baskets, and I wasn't sure what to expect.  I signed up for the Chandler location at Val Vista and Williamsfield.  There was a huge line when I arrived right on time!  People came armed with laundry baskets and canvas bags.  Some people brought their pets and children.  I came empty-handed (didn't know better!) and someone offered me an empty box (used for lemons) to carry my fruit and veggies home.  Wow!  It must have been 30lbs. of fruit and vegetables!  We got cauilflower, onions, broccoli, lettuce, spinach, carrots, melons, apples, red potatoes, lemons, oranges and two bunches of bananas!  I washed everything and inspected each piece, and everything is of excellent quality; nothing had to be discarded.  I like that!  I like the variety too!  And I like the mystery/surprise factor.  I know I'm going to get my daily fruits and veggies for the rest of the month!!
1	When I first started buying BB I thought it was the greatest thing EVER!! I got tons of beautiful produce and I loved going early to help distribute the Baskets. Little by little my basket became more and more unusable. The quality went down hill. I would be getting the same things week after week, things that were next to rotten upon receiving, everything was sooo dirty and some things that I would just never use, like 6 onions and 6 bell peppers. I recently switched to all organic and I thought I would order one of the organic baskets this week for a change. I've got to tell you I feel robbed. Honestly this basket sucks! Most of the items weren't even labeled as organic and I wasn't able to volunteer this morning so I don't know for sure if they even are. I don't know about you but I don't need 3 bundles of celery. Again the filth that these veggies are covered in is inexcusable. I spent $18 last week at the OTFM and got so much more CLEAN organic produce. BB charges $25 for their organic basket of junk. I will not be ordering these again. You really could do better at the grocery store or farmers market if you want produce and then you can choose to buy locally or U.S. grown veggies.
5	I've been getting produce from BB on and off for over a year and I love it.  Being a single parent to picky children makes it difficult to shop for produce.  BB also gets me eating veggies I don't normally buy and trying things I wouldn't normally try.  The things I know I will not eat always find a home with friends, family or co workers so there is little waste.
4	I've been getting a basket from BB every few weeks for the past few months. Disclaimer: I always get the regular basket, I've never tried the organic one. WHAT IS BOUNTIFUL BASKETS?They are a buying cooperative who uses the power of bulk purchasing to buy produce cheaply and distribute it out. You go on their website on Tuesday or Wednesday and make your purchase. Then you show up at a predetermined site (you choose from a list of sites & pickup times) on saturday morning and pickup your produce. Bring a lot of bags, or a laundry basket, to cart your stuff home in. And um, make sure you have room in the fridge for it all, and some plastic bags at home to store the stuff in. Pros:1. A TON - literally, a TON of fruits & veggies for $16.50. You cannot beat the price.2. I go into IRON CHEF mode when I get home and figure out how to prepare my bounty of stuff!! Sorted by level of ripeness I will plan out meals. I've never received anything overripe, but some stuff needs to be used up within a day or two, and other things are far from being ripe yet. For example, this week I got about 10 completely green bananas. But I also got a swiss chard and bok choy that looked like they had to be cooked within about 2 days, so I found recipes using them and now I have lunch for all week. I still have a head of napa cabbage in the fridge, I have a yummy salad planned for that baby... 3. I love finding new stuff in my basket. This week I got pickling cucumbers. Who what whoa?! I went and bought mason jars... I guess i'm gonna learn how to make me some pickles :) Refrigerator dills only, of course!   (Disclaimer, I am a total foodie who loves to cook. I'm sure not everyone wants to go all Iron Chef in their kitchen every saturday morning. I'm just weird like that.) There are always one or two things in the basket that are completely new to me and sometimes unidentifiable... I love that! 4. BUY THE INGREDIENT PACKS when they are offered. Plan on cooking a meal or two off of what they offer you. The monetary value is always VERY good on the ingredient packs. I think since they're more unique ingredients they're more expensive... no way you could buy them at the store for what you are paying BB. In the mexican ingredient pack, the tomatillos alone almost cover your ingredient pack cost. Cons:1. Have to plan in advance and purchase your basket online 4 days before, have to make a special trip - and super early unless you are lazy like me and go to Kodiak produce at 11am on a saturday - and go to a spot at a prearranged time, and wait in a line, and pick up your stuff. It's not convenient, in fact it's a bit of a pain. But it's CHEAP and that's why it's setup that way. (I am sooo lazy though! I should work on that) 2. I sometimes end up with a lot of something that I do not like or cannot use in time. I'm single, so the basket is way more than a single person needs, unless they are a vegetarian! Thankfully my sister lives nearby so I'll end up giving her about 1/3 of my basket when I get one. She got the mushrooms this week (eww, fungi)3. Sometimes the produce isn't what I'd buy for myself. They give out apples EVERY week... and this past week they were Fuji apples. Which are okay. But if I were buying them, i'd get honeycrisp or pink ladies. (God, I'm a snob. I should work on that.) 4. Remember, this isn't a CSA. It's not organic, and it's not coming from a local farm. BB is a buying cooperative, it's like our own little Produce CostCo. So it's the exact same stuff you will find at Safeway, Fry's, Albertsons, Bashas. If what you are looking to do is support a local grower... you do not want Bountiful Baskets.5. Their website is horrible. "1996 called, they want their website back". I'm not web savvy enough, but man if I could, I would design them a new site. The one they have is extremely user un-friendly. At least it's not slow, and your purchases ARE encrypted. I volunteered last week at the Kodiak location. They are always looking for volunteers to pack the baskets beforehand. It's dirty work, you're in a warehouse unpacking cases of fruits and veggies that are on ice and leaking. Yes, as one reviewer mentioned, the veggies are dirty. This isn't a supermarket and there is no one getting paid to make it pretty.Overall - I love Bountiful Baskets but I still recognize its weaknesses. I do spot a business opportunity though. Pay an extra $5 for someone to go pick up my basket for me and deliver it to my house... it'd be worth it... (See, lazy!)
5	I love my bountiful basket and love that it makes me try new food and recipes I would never try otherwise. They can't be beat value-wise and the food is almost always good and high quality. Yes, you have to wake up early. Yes, it's sometimes dirty. But in both of these, I remembered how much I love watching the sun rise and birds singing and the other reminded me of where my food came from and made me respect it more. Yes, it's poetic but that's how Bountiful Baskets make me feel : )
5	Hello BB!!!! I think I love you! I found out about Bountiful Baskets a couple weeks ago. Last week I was able to participate! We got sooo much amazingly tasty fruits and veggies! I am STILL working on getting it all eaten up! The 8:15 a.m. pick up is a bit of a killer, but I can get past that for a wonderful basket full of tastiness. Keep up the good work BB!!!!
4	A friend picked up my first basket for me today. I was so impressed with the produce I received. Sooo much for $15.00. I was worried I would get strange things that we wouldn't eat, but I think we will use everything in the basket. She also gave me a loaf of her 9 grain bread to try. It is fantastic, and only 40 calories a slice? Yes, please.
5	I Love BB. I joined about 3 months ago and still enjoying the fresh fruit and crispy veggies. Everything is as fresh as the store.  I like the website and forum too. Very informative on saving leftover fruits and veggies. Saturday mornings are a little tough especially after a late night but worth peeling myself out of bed for so much goodness. Thanks Bountiful Baskets!
5	I had heard all the talk about BB from friends and co-workers! When I finally decided to order my goodies, the Saturday pickup was like waiting for Santa Clause! We got so many wonderfully delicious fruits and veggies!  I especially enjoyed that there were foods I had never tried before. Each time there is different produce,  there is a surprise in every pick up!Wish there was a pick up closer to home, but I am willing to make the early morning drive!
5	It is like christmas every saturday. Cant beat it Volunteer it is a blast.Hi I started in Oct 07 at Greenway and 75th ave which move to Pioneer Elementary at first it was every other weekend then every weekend.They were looking for VSC but there was no way I was going to fit 300 basket in my 68 Mustang fastback So my x and I co manage the site at Kachina Elementary. Come see us.
4	So far, I've done this for a full month. Like the variety of veggies that i would not normally purchase. It makes me take out the cookbook and start getting creative. Too much fruit for me. If there was a way to purchase just a veggie or fruit basket that would be cool. Either way, i am heading back this Saturday. I do agree pick up time is early, but I'd rather do it before it gets over 100 degrees out.
4	This past Saturday was my first time participating in Bountiful Baskets and I am already hooked.  I LOVE the idea of getting a basket of surprises every Saturday (or as often as you chose to participate).  If you are open minded and willing to try new recipes then Bountiful Baskets is the way to go! You get a lot of produce for the $15 and the extra add-ons are a great value too.  I'm going to be doing this quite often (probably not every week because it's just me and that's too much food!)
4	Not as local as I'd like to see (what with the fruit and veggies that come with stickers that say "California"). Excellent price, assuming you can eat it all, compared to supermarket pricing. My first pickup I got about 10 sweet potatoes, which I like, but 10?? Had to give some away. And 2 weeks in a row received 2 acorn squash, which I like but now I have 4 acorn squash....Last time also ordered the Italian basket with came with lots of herbs, eggplant, zucchini, onion, garlic.. It was well worth the extra $7.50 it cost.
5	I am loving the 9 grain bread they have and also the Ciabatta bread. Have made tons of brushchetta with the Ciabatta and the tomatoes I got last week. Some of the volunteers attitudes could be better at the places I pick up my basket at but what can you do. Its a Co-Op so just have to live with it.
5	Hello fellow Yelper! Do you like to cook at home? Yes? That's great! Do you like fresh, in-season fruits and vegetables? You do?!Do you like saving money? Yeah? Fantastic!!Well, I have someone that I'd like you to meet! Their name is Bountiful Baskets. I'll have to introduce you two online before you meet in person, but don't worry, it's becoming very common to meet someone online; don't be nervous. Did you know that 1 in 5 relationships now start online? See? It'll be fine.(...and you two lived happily ever after)Aww...just like out of a Disney movie! But seriously, if you're not familiar with this great co-op, familiarize yourself with them now. You'll get plenty of delicious produce for close to nothing! They even have organic baskets available for those of you who want only organic! Go to the website, sign up and give it a try! I mean...it's not like you're not already at your computer or anything...
5	I love BB!!  I've been participating for about 5 months now and I have found myself spending less money than ever on food.  I go out less because I always have something at home that I can prepare, and I really only buy dairy and meat at the market now.A little tip:  if you get out and volunteer, not only do you make your own basket, but you get first dibs on extra food!  :)
4	Do you like cheap fresh produce? Will you eat anything? If you answered Yes, then you should give BB a try.  There is something about the surprise of what's going to be in the basket, and the community coming together that excites me.  They bring the bounty, I bring the basket, it's a win, win!  I've participated in the BB pick-ups about a half dozen times now, and have always been happy with the quality and quantity of produce received.  I will warn you, sometimes you get items that are very ripe, and some under ripe, so you'll need to plan your menu accordingly.  Also, you may get some off the wall items such as turnips or tomatillos... but as long as you know how to Google recipes you'll be okay!  I've also taken advantage of their weekly specialty packs (Salsa, Mexican and Asian) which I have been pleased with. Quick Tip: If there is not a location near you, keep checking their site, they are always adding more locations.... And don't forget to bring a basket!
4	5 stars for the basket I got 2 weeks ago.3 stars for the basket I got today.My husband and I decided to go mostly organic recently. After braving the Roadrunner Park farmers market (parking a mile away, fighting the crowds, paying a ridiculous amount of money for small bunches of organic produce) and picking through the measly selection of organic produce at the grocery store, I decided to give Bountiful Baskets a try.I loved the fact that I payed for it in the comfort of my own home ahead of time. It forced me to go pick it up the following Saturday. After waiting a short time in line on Saturday morning at my local park, I was rewarded with a BOUNTY of organic produce. So much I almost didn't have room in my bags. Green leaf lettuce, 2 bags of celery, yellow and red bell pepper, 2 huge heads of broccoli, cherry tomatoes, blueberries, pineapple, bananas, snap peas, mangoes, and kiwis. For $25! All organic! I was giddy the whole way home. Took a picture and boasted on Facebook about my new find. Took my family of 3 almost a week and a half to finish. And it tasted wonderful.The following Tuesday I tried to order an organic basket, but it wasn't listed as an option. I emailed the organizers and asked why but I never got an answer. And that was almost 2 weeks ago. Luckily it was available last Tuesday so I ordered it along with a couple of add ons. An Italian pack (onions, garlic, parsley, basil, mushrooms) and 2lbs of granola. I saw the closest local pick up was at 7AM. Yikes. So I asked my husband to pick it up. :)I woke up to the spread of produce on my counter and was disappointed. Collard greens, a tiny bunch of broccolini, radishes, apples, pineapple, coconut, tomatoes, bananas, grapefruit. Way more fruit than veggies. They claim to have 50/50 fruit and veggies. Hmmmm. On the upside I was impressed with the Italian pack (portobello mushrooms? strange but I will take it) and the granola was PHENOMENAL. Chewy, sweet, crunchy on the outside.  The risk of having a less than stellar basket is worth it. I love the quality and the value of Bountiful Baskets. Don't love waking up before 7AM on a Saturday. But as long as I'm cooking up all this delicious produce, I guess my husband can do his part and pick it up.
5	Bountiful Baskets is absolutely amazing. My wife and I are vegetarians and picking up a basket each week can pretty much last us the week. If we ever skip on getting a basket we end up spending so much money on groceries! Every once in a while we get something that is about to go bad etc, but most of the time it is wonderful. By not knowing what we are getting each week, we have to be creative and inventive with our recipes and I absolutely love that! If you aren't getting a bountiful basket, then you are missing out!
2	When I first started using BB I was a huge fan, we got a ton of stuff and it was great, but what I noticed as weeks went on the excitement dulled.  We ended up tossing a lot because it was almost bad when we received it.  As a family of 4 it was disapointing to get 8 things of one item and then 1 of something else.  It's always an unknown or odd assortment because it's passed out among the baskets.  The best part was being pushed to cook new things, cooking veggies I'd never used before.  Personally I'd rather pick up from a farmers Market there are several great ones around, I still push myself to try new veggies but now we choose them, and how much of them.
2	After a year of basketing, I have  to downgrade Bountiful Baskets. The quality was never exceptional, but nonetheless I'm seeing the quality continue to decline. Too much produce that is spoiled within a day or two. I'm really getting tired of certain staples they throw in EVERY week (lousy apples, romaine lettuce). I bought a case of honeycrisp apples when they were in on special - extremely disappointing. They were tiny and started to spoil after just a few days. (That may have been my fault for not taking them out of the case immediately and checking for "bad" apples.) Bountiful Baskets is more concerned with quantity over quality, which is fine because that's their whole M.O. I'm just tired of it and will have to look into a CSA.
4	Cheap way to get your veggies in, it helped make me a better cook and to learn to cook new things.  It is a little too much for once person, so I found myself either cooking and freezing or tossing stuff.  It is a great deal!  Everyone should check it out, at least once.
4	A fantastic organization!  For less than 20 dollars Bountiful Baskets gives you a wonderful variety of locally grown produce. If you're willing to pay more, you can get an organic basket. My girlfriend and I order from them every couple of weeks.  She even volunteered one weekend and we ended up with more food than we knew what to do with!Pickups are are early Saturday morning in random spots throughout the valley.  We go to Arcadia Park at 8:30am.  It's a little crazy looking at first.  The line can look really long, but they're so well organized that it moves in just minutes!There are some big negatives about Bountiful Baskets...You have to place your order by around noon on Tuesday and you have no way of knowing what you're going to get until you pick it up on Saturday morning.  This has made it tough during weeks when we're low on Produce (I don't want to buy a head of lettuce on Thursday if I may end up with another on Saturday).  I also find that some baskets will end up being less thrilling than others, but so far it's been worth the risk.  Bountiful Baskets also a lot of food, so make sure you have at least one other person to go in with.  If you don't, you'll be throwing a ton of good stuff away.
3	Here is the part which took off two stars. In fact I debated about giving it only two stars. This morning it was difficult to notice where the "beginning" point was I guess because of where I parked. I just got out, and walked up onto the sidewalk. I didn't notice that the truck next to me was the "beginning" where a lady was sitting in the back of the truck waiting for people to walk up. And it's early, and I'm only half awake. There is a certain protocol you are supposed to follow, and they are different at each site. They have an A week and a B week. So if I want to get produce each week, I have to go to two different sites because the site closest to me only comes every other week. So, I did it wrong at the this particular site. I had only been there once or twice. It is very difficult sometimes to figure out who are the volunteers and who are the customers. I looked at different people who just stared at me blank so then somebody said, "over here". I followed their advice and went "over there". I loaded up my produce into my bags, then went to look for where to get the bread and granola I ordered. I saw a lady sitting in the back of the truck and figured out that's where I needed to go. This is when she checked my name off the list and told me to get my "organic" basket over there to the left. Uh-Oh! I messed up. No big deal. I'll put the other stuff back and go get the right one. Then the bread lady told me she was sorry to say that she had given my bread to someone else. I was very nice about it and said I would take whatever one she had left even though it was not the one I had ordered. No big deal. I'm not going to have a fit over bread. Well, the volunteers at the produce stations were not so accommodating to me. When I tried to help put back the produce into the baskets, the lady was rude and told me I was giving her the produce in the wrong order. But then when I asked her if I should put certain things into certain baskets she was like, "yeah, duh!" She acted very annoyed with me.Then when I went over to the organic produce station, a volunteer man began to reprimand me. My son was there as a witness to see me humiliated and embarrassed and talked down to like a child. He was telling me how I need to do it the right way from now on because I don't realize how much I mess up their system by not checking in. Next time I need to make sure I do it right. He went on at least 3 times rewording it differently each time to make sure I got his message. Finally I had to stop him and say, "Look, I'm sorry, I made a mistake. I'm new to this location and I didn't see where I was supposed to go first." I was so mad when I got to the car and realized that I had been so nice about the bread mix-up, only to be treated like an idiot at the end. I will not be buying a basket anymore on the weeks that I have to go to that location. I am even reconsidering buying from them at all. If I can find something better, I will not be back. I tried the farmer's market at Roadrunner Park, but I think it was way more expensive. I'll give it one more chance, then I'm done. I can handle everything else, but not the rude treatment. I didn't deserve that.The produce is ok. It appears that what comes in the basket is usually the items that I find are on sale at Sprouts that week. Not as local as I was hoping for but they claim they are buying from smaller growers. I've been buying off and on for about a year. I've been pretty happy with most everything. I've never gotten anything that was spoiled. This week I don't feel like I really got a great deal for $25, here is what I got. 1 lb onions, small bag of baby carrots, small bag of green beans, romaine lettuce, 1- 4oz container blueberries, 1 small container of strawberries, 1 cantaloupe, small bunch of broccolini, some really hard small peaches, and about 3 really hard small mangos, and bunch of extremely green bananas. The conventional basket this week actually looked like the better deal. It was twice as much food for less. But I got "organic", so it must be better I guess.I do hate how early in the morning I have to go. It is a real pain especially when I go to bed at 3 am. But that's my problem.
5	I can't live without Bountiful Baskets anymore.  I'm vegetarian and my husband is on a strict diet for high blood pressure, and this is the most economical, delicious, healthy shopping we do.  They also have a lovely rotating selection of breads, occasional scrumptious granolas, and desserts that we have to fight to resist.Don't miss out on this.  You won't regret it.
5	I've been a part of the program for about a year now I guess and I've never been disappointed. Yes, occasionally you might get something that is already close to expire but that happens when you are dealing with food. The site I go to does a really good job of looking out for foods they think are too old and have rejected deliveries because of it. Some weeks you'll receive the basics and other weeks you'll get some food you've never eaten before and it becomes a new experience to try something new. You really can't beat the price either; $15 for a regular basket and the multi-grain bread you can also purchase is excellent. If you have some friends you can buy a seasonal fruit of veggie in bulk and share the cost and bounty with them. Since each site is run by volunteers; don't take it to heart if you happen to come across one that isn't that organized - they are just regular people doing their best to help others... maybe you should step in to help. I also found that I eat a lot more healthy when I get the basket - you don't want anything to go bad so you eat more of the good stuff. I would recommend that everyone give them a try at least once or twice.
2	I only tried this service a few times, but in that short amount of time I realized quickly this was not for me. I heard about this from a coworker and was super excited to try this service. A random selection of fruits and vegetables and a low price of $15, and then an extra amount to go all organic (I think an extra $10 but its been awhile so I don't quite remember). We did one basket of non organic, and then two baskets of organic produce. We also tried a couple stuff packs and got some of the focaccia bread they offer.The $15 deal seems like a better deal because you always end up with more produce than the organic basket, which is a shame. You are paying more, you should at least end up with the same amount of food. The two organic baskets I got were so very disappointing. Both times I ended up with pretty much the same produce of very green bananas (that sadly never turned yellow and had to be tossed), an abundance of apples, under ripe mangos, a small pineapple, broccoli, a small basket of tomatoes, a bag of romaine lettuce, some green bell peppers, and a sack of snap peas. And it seems like a good idea because you are eating whats given to you and you make the most out of what you get but that was never the case. Some of the stuff never got ripe, and some others molded within days. It is also nice to have variety which we seemed to not get.The stuff packs were the best part of this program. I got an italian stuff pack and a mexican stuff pack and both were awesome. I wish I could just buy the stuff packs and not the rest of it. They are also a way better deal. $7.50 for each pack and you get a ton of produce in each one. The bread was ok. We only got to use one of the two provided loaves because it molded so fast. What a shame. I always look at the pictures here and think "how come my baskets never looked like that?" Sadly, I will not be returning to this service.
3	We have used bountiful baskets probably 20 times and used to be excited at first. We like the basic concept but are sad that the quality of the organic package appears to deteriorate. The regular package still appears to be a good deal and plenty of produce for $15. The organic package for $25 is often a little skim and worse of all a lot of items are unusable. Bananas are often so green that after two weeks in the sun we have to toss all of them as unusable. Others like straw berries are overripe and we have to eliminate 75% right from the start into the trash the rest was to green to ripen. The blueberries had 25% bad ones which had to be separated right away. The nectarines had 4 out of six bad ones which we could use by cutting off the damaged parts. Unfortunately the last  package had all of the above problems at once which made it a bad deal. Before that it often was just bananas which would never ripen and/or some fruit overripe (about 4 times) We would like to continue if this quality control would be improved especially for organic packages. The Mexican or Italian  package was always delightful.
2	A coworker of mine was really excited about a bountiful basket that she got a couple weeks ago, so this week I signed up for one. BUMMER! I got a regular basket and it was a very minimal baskets, a far cry from Bountiful. I understand that you don't know what your going to get and so one.... but I don't feel like it was 15 dollars worth of fruit and veggies. For veggies I got two heads of broccoli, 6-8 fingerling squash, 4-5 sweet potatoes that were very small, two avocados, and some pepper thing that I don't know what it is. Fruit was bananas, apples, pears, grapes, and plums, 4-6 of each. Oh yeah there were two onions in the basket as well. Just not what I was expecting. I think I will hit the produce sales at Ranch Market for the same quality.
4	I can not speak to the quality or quantity of the organic basket, because I have always gotten the conventional, but I am going to have to disagree with other reviewers saying you can get the same quantity and quality produce at the supermarket for the same price.  I, being the nerdy gal that I am, inventoried my baskets for weeks and compared prices at several different markets. BB beat the supermarket prices EVERY time.  It is true, there are certain items that I get time and time again.  Yes, there is occasionally something in my basket that needs to be used right away.  No, the produce is not all local (hello, we live in the middle of the desert).Overall, this is a great deal.  A large quantity of produce at a great price.  I would pay double what they are charging for the convenience alone.  Add in the "what am I making for dinner this week" surprise factor and the fun of meeting some new people each week and....we have ourselves a winner here, folks!TIP: For a good time, come to the Grover's Park pickup location! The volunteers are friendly, the line moves fast and there is always fun to be had.
5	Love Bountiful Basket's delivery option which works well for those of us not wanting to commit to a weekly pick-up schedule.
4	Super quick update.  Today's basket contained:1 head iceberg lettuce9 roma tomatoes3 yellow onions3 red peppers3 bell peppers2 cucumbers6 green apples3 Asian Pears10 bananas6 nectarines1 pineapple~2 lbs grapesAll for only $16.50 ($15 for basket + 1.50 coop fee)!  Everything looks great, although the tomatoes could be a bit more ripe.  I stand by the fact there there is no place in town to get a deal like this on produce...and if there is, you better tell me about it!
2	I could eat their bread for dessert.  I love tha stuff.  And I used to order a basket every other week.  But like any of my previous relationships, things quickly go to hell.  The quality of food was always good/average for the produce, but I received a couple bad baskets that caused me to quit altogether.  Even the "special offers" were sucking on me.  I purchased one 20lb case of mangos only to have almost all of them rotten the moment I got home.  I never received any credit, nor any response.  Blastphemy.The next time I ordered a special, it was for mandarins.  I had a similar experience.  I actually looked at the box at the pick-up site and had full-on moldy mandarins in the container.  I had to throw out a quarter of the box at the p/u site and the volunteer had the audacity to tell me, "Well, you still got a good deal for $10".  Boulderdash.Um, no.  Carendas has farms in Southern Cali and has fresher produce for just as cheap.  Go kick rocks, Bountiful Baskets.
5	I have participated in bountiful baskets for a couple of months now and I cannot tell you how happy I am! For $16 ($1 processing fee plus $15 actual food purchase) you get so much, you really. Ant go wrong. While I understand that getting random veggies and fruits may screw up a meal plan, I think BB gives you the chance to try different things and help you get creative with weekly dining.Ordering is done on Monday and Tuesday for pickup the following Saturday. I know that getting up at 8am can be a hard one especially after during a serious hangover, but the volunteers at BB make the process extremely fast so you're out of there before you can even think about headaches and hurling. I pick up at the Shawnee Park spot in Chandler and couldn't be happier.Honestly, I don't think I could go to the grocery store and buy the BB quality fruits and veggies I get for $16. This is a great deal that helps you incorporate more fresh fruits and veggies into your daily diet.
2	Friends have raved about Bountiful Baskets, and I was excited to try it out. I just did the conventional basket and I was underwhelmed. I didn't do a full price analysis, but I would guess that I could have gotten about the same amount of fruits and veggies of the same quality shopping at Fry's or Sprouts. The green bell peppers were some of the best I have had (usually a red bell pepper fan, but these were quite good). Cucumbers, onions, broccoli, and blackberries were all good. The apples, pears and tomatoes were mediocre. The pineapple was completely flavorless. And I got a whole bunch of kiwis, which I am mildly allergic to (but that's not their fault).To sum it up, I think I'll do much better just picking out my own produce in the future.
5	Our 1st time and we found Bountiful Baskets Food Co-op to be an outstanding deal for bag fulls of fresh produce for only $15.00.  Produce consisted of sweet potatoes, tomatoes, celery, romaine lettuce, collards, grapefruit, avocados, apples, bananas and onions.  The pick up site was well organized and the volunteers working were extremely efficient.  From  arrival and signing in to the actual picking up of the produce and cleaning out the basket that the produce was in (helps out to reuse the baskets) took my wife only 10 minutes.  I'm sure times will vary.  Only drawback was the early Saturday morning pickup (0715).  Definitely will do this again.
3	I've purchased a basket several times and it's kind of hit-or-miss. However, the 9-grain bread is absolutely delicious. I always leave 1-2 loaves out and throw the rest in the freezer (no preservatives, so it will go bad quickly).
3	Love getting my fruits and veggies from here and they offer a nice and plentiful selection for a decent price. It's always fun to find out what the basket contains from week to week and gives me an opportunity to explore some veggies and fruits I might not have tried before.Like most things, there are weeks when its better than others. I've gotten things under ripe and had to wait quite a bit of time for them to ripen, I have also gotten things overripe. Despite this the majority of the time its a good deal. As for it being local, no. If you look through their website it lists which states they get their fruits and veggies at during a particular time of the year. This way you get a wider variety. However, they do try and stick to small farms and often the produce they get is the same stuff ready to be shipped to the store for a market chain, but it skips the middle man. Because it skips the middle man things are often a bit under ripe, because it hasn't sat in storage for a week or two before going on the shelves.I don't buy many of the extra bulk packs. I know some of the extras have been a deal and others have been a waste. Loved the Hawaiian pack where I got fresh vanilla beans and made my own vanilla extract. I also know several diabetics that buy the bread, stating it has fewer carbs than the store bought bread (don't know if its true just repeating what they state).
4	We love BB and are forever grateful to our neighbors for introducing us to the co-op.  In general, the produce is of very high quality, and for an excellent price.  We always get the organic basket, which definitely contain less than the regular basket - but, we really do prefer organic for our health (we consider it a type of health insurance!)Some weeks are better than others - but, when averaged out, we know we are saving tons on our grocery bill.  I think it's important that people know that if there are any problems with their basket, they should report it to the lead site coordinator - the co-op is very interested in quality, and also sends out surveys after you pick up your basket to get feedback and input.We'll be opening a site closer to us (we live in rural SE Arizona, so are looking forward to bringing this great resource to our little town.
4	Just picked up my second Bountiful Basket and I have to say I love it as much as the first one. Today we got:mangos, cherries, green grapes, bananas, a cantaloupe, romaine lettuce, an onion, celery, green peppers, butternut squash and cherry tomatoes.All of it was in great condition. I already ate one of the mangos and it was delish. I love the surprise of not knowing what is going to be in the basket every week and the the challenge of figuring out what to do with it all. Especially with veggies I've never cooked before. Thank god for the internet and the abundance of recipes out there.There are only two of us in our household and one basket is more than enough. For $15 you really do get a ton of food.My only wish is that that food was more local. Maybe that's tough in AZ in the summer but I know there are foods that grow here and I would love to see them in the baskets! Also if they could have smaller add-ons. I don't have room in my house for 5 loaves of bread! :)Other than that I have been very happy with the food and the volunteers. I plan to make this a regular thing for sure.
5	This is a very cool thing to be a part of.  I did the standard basket for $15.00 and added a fajita pack for $5.00.  I have a bag of red potatoes, ears of corn, tomatoes, avocados, red and green bell peppers, hatch chilis, dried chilis, grapes, pears, pear apples, onions, lettuce and probably a few items I forgot to add.  The variety is really fantastic as was the volunteers that were working hard unloading and setting up.  I am looking forward to doing this again and volunteering in the future. I would encourage you to go to the website bountifulbaskets.org and read about the program and try it out.
5	I really enjoy this.  Every week or two I participate in the co-op, buy a basket and on occasion some of the additional offerings.  The volunteers that run our location (Scottsdale at Pueblo Elementary school) are always so on top of it.  You may have to wait in line to get your order, but it really isn't a long wait and everyone is usually in a good mood, which is always helpful.  I haven't had an experience where I've had to refuse any produce.  It has always come in perfect shape.  I really do enjoy doing this, and I know we eat better as a family when we have the fresh, high quality produce we get from Bountiful Baskets.
4	I have been purchasing Bountiful Baskets for a little over two years now. I participate every other week, that's plenty for me. I have found that the summer baskets are very full and the winter time is a bit less but still good.As for quality, it just depends on the item and season. Berries tend to go bad fast, just like they do in the grocery store. The bad items are minimal. I volunteer most every time and leave with a few extra items and a good feeling.Over all I feel its a great value and I enjoy the surprise of trying new items that lead to new recipes. Recently received two delicious Casaba melons, a fruit I have never tried and most likely would have never purchased at a grocery store.
5	Still going strong.  The site coordinators at Cactus Park are wonderful people and I enjoy volunteering with them and all the other volunteers each time I participate.  A great start to my weekend.
5	It seems somewhat counter-intuitive to review Bountiful Baskets, as it's NOT a business - but if it helps people who are wondering about the process and the produce...then I suppose reviews help!I've been doing Bountiful Baskets for four years now and I LOVE it!!! I love that the money I contribute goes directly to buying the best produce possible, and not to someone's over-inflated CEO paycheck. Let me be the first to say - if you don't love fruit and veggies, Bountiful Baskets is probably not for you! It's a LOT of fruit and veggies, and you have absolutely NO say in what you get each week. It's a total surprise and you will not know, until you pick it up Saturday morning. For me - that makes it like opening presents on Christmas morning! I'm always excited to see what's new, and to have an opportunity to try produce I might not buy otherwise, or that might not even be available in my local grocery storeIn addition to the surprise and variety of the produce - I also have to say that 99.99999% of the time, the freshness is MUCH better than what I get from the store too. Produce in my baskets usually lasts 2+ weeks - produce from the store wilts/starts to go bad within a couple of days. I've gotten to the point where I resent buying fruit and veggies in the grocery store - because I get about a third of what's in my basket and it doesn't last!Other people may not enjoy the early Saturday morning pick-up. I actually do enjoy those mornings, because it forces me to be up, dressed and ready for the day, early! I find my Saturdays on basket-weekends to be far more productive than non-basket weekends! I think the only "bad" thing I can say about BB is...I'm sure the people at my local grocery store think I could/should be eating a little healthier, since there's never any produce in my cart. So I wish I had a little "I get my fruit and veggies from BB" signFirst world problem, right?
5	To the person from CA who posted in 2009...I'm sure organic was a lot more expensive in '09 simply because there were fewer businesses producing organic.  These days it's not unusual for the conventional baskets to contain a percentage or organic.I've volunteered since I first started.Produce varies based on the season, just like the grocery store.  By being familiar with what's actually in season can help you determine if you want to contribute or not.  But one of the neat things about BB is they frequently surprise me, still, by what I would call a rabbit out of the hat trick.  Something different or just plain unusual shows up.  I had never hear of Seckel Pears before I participated in BB.  I would never bring home Artichokes, Bok Choy, Oro Blancos, Daikon Radish, green Bananas, or Plantains.  Well the truth here is I wouldn't choose to bring home green bananas , still.It's a bargain to participate and the produce is more often than not, perfect.  If it is not, that would be the site coordinators fault.And like one other mentioned, volunteering even for BB is rewarding.  You get a little bonus of something extra to add to your basket and a chance to make a few friends too.
5	All my friends and family know that I am a huge supporter of Bountiful Baskets Food Co-Op. I try to spread the word to everyone I talk to, but I never thought of sharing this on Yelp! until now. I really feel like the more people I tell the better for the future of this great program. When we all pool our money we can get more and better items. The produce is not only cheaper, but a much higher quality then you can find in the market. Every year I choose at least one ingredient to can and I have never been disappointed. Keep up the good work bountiful baskets and I'll continue to spread the word.
