5	Opera is Fun! Yes it is! Tosca yesterday was amazing! I was riveted through the whole thing - and at almost 4 hours (including 2 intermissions), that's saying something. I was wowed by the singing, enjoyed the sets, was impressed by the acting, and intrigued by the story. Floria Tosca was superb, Scarpia and Spoletto deliciously evil. Honestly, I did not expect to LIKE opera as much as I have, but I've been enthralled with both AZ Opera performances I've seen this year (The Mikado and Tosca), particularly Tosca. After the performance an opera Q&A session was held for anyone wishing to stay. The AZ opera head and tenor James Flora answered questions about everything from the set, the director's mindset, the Spoletto character's triumphant ending, and the future of opera in the United States.
4	When you see a progress and effort to bring more art performances to a metropolis like Phoenix area, you have to be grateful. My first performance from this group was Carmen in 2010 and it was awful. For not being a music expert, the fact that I could notice they were not on tempo...terrible.Today was their 2nd night on a new season, and I have enjoyed better quality and better performances. I'm glad to see them growing and improving. I just wish public had more education and let them sing instead of interrupting every aria with applause.
5	Maybe I gave this one too many stars because nothing compares with Houston's Grand Opera, but the Arizona Opera is still good and definitely worth seeing.Hint:  If you come at 6 pm instead of when it starts at 7 pm you can hear a talk about the opera, which will help you understand it better if you're a newbie!  Cool, huh?Regardless, you're either going to just love opera or hate it.  I'm a lover = season tickets which includes the price of the parking garage at $8 (compared to $10 at the local garages).  I think the total bill ran $130 or $150.  So worth it if you are one of the opera lovers!
5	We have seen Aida on three occasions, once several years ago in Phoenix, once in Prague and yesterday again in Phoenix. My wife and I both agreed, this was the best performance we have seem so far of this wonderful opera. One thing we left with... we hope we get to see it again and we hope when that time comes, we will enjoy it as much as yesterday.We will continue to support Arizona Opera and hope others do as well. The performances are outstanding. Keep up the good work!!!!
1	Just left early from Arizona Opera Lucia Di Lammermoor. It was horrible. I felt like I was at a high school production! Their is no sound production and the performers do not wear mikes. So you are in a fairly large hall (the symphony hall to be exact) and all you can hear are these tiny voices from the stage. I could've had the same experience watching it on my IPad. DO NOT waste your hard earned money. They should be ashamed to pretend this is a true opera!
5	Bravo! Lucia di Lammermoor.If you enjoy opera, don't miss this wonderful performance put on by the Arizona Opera. This was my first "Lucia" and it greatly surpassed my expectations. It is definitely an opera I would enjoy again. We are so fortunate to have this available to us here in Phoenix. We flew out to LA to see La Boheme a few months ago and my wife and I both agreed that LA Opera doesn't have anything over the Arizona Opera. Keep up the good work folks!
5	I love going to the opera. I am always impressed with the vocal range of the performers. They can do amazing things with their voices! And the sets and costumes are so elaborate. That is the best part. Even though they are usually sung in a language that I don't understand, you can really get swept up in the emotion of the music. I usually read the program beforehand so that I know what's going on and then try my best not to stay fixated on the subtitles on the screen but instead just enjoy the action on the stage, the orchestra, and of course the singing.
5	I took my girlfriend here for a performance of Romeo & Juliet. This was our second time going to the Opera (we saw Faust last year through Yelp).  Both performances we have seen here have been excellent - the cast is great and the location is very convenient. This time our seats were very close, which maybe was a bit too close. There is a large board above the stage that provides translations (and since I speak English and she speaks Spanish it would be helpful). Our seats were really too close to benefit from seeing the screen. Fortunately the cast does an excellent job at bringing delivering the emotions of the scene well even if the audience doesn't know the language. The coffee/drink bars and the props from other shows in the lobby also provide good relief during the intermissions. The restrooms seem to move quicker than they do at other theaters in the area. Both times have been excellent and we will definitely return.
4	Bravo Tosca!  What a wonderful opera experience.  This was my first time at the opera.  I was thankful for the subtitles as the opera is in Italian.  The story of Tosca is timeless and entertaining.  Would like to have seen the cast "act" a little more.  The set design was very well done.  The orchestra was amazing and helped to keep the stage alive.  Looking forward to my next AZ Opera experience.  I am a fan!
5	I saw Tosca here last season and loved it.  The electronic subtitles are great, as otherwise I would be lost.  The acoustics in the Symphony Hall are awesome and my seats were smack dab in the middle of the room with the perfect view.  I like that you can bring your own bottled water and stuff too.  At least I think you can... no one stopped me or said anything.  I think it's awesome that we have this cultural experience in Phoenix!
5	I attended "La Boheme" last night and it was beautiful. Gorgeous production - the performances, sets, costumes, everything!  It was glorious.
5	La Boheme  was excellent. For all we had to go through to see La Boheme in LA  (traffic) I will take AZ Opera any day. Symphony Hall is a much nicer venue than the LA Opera (smaller and more aisles!). If only the downtown restaurants like the "Butcher" were open on Sundays... We could include a nice lunch with a Sunday matinee. Opera has been enduring for a long time. It touches the soul. I wish we had more young people that were willing to give it a try. Support your AZ Opera. It's one of the best deals in town!
4	It was well worth getting all dappered up for the evening. One can't be too over dressed for a night out at the opera. The vocal talent was exceptional and no one missed a mark delivering the story. It was fantastic and I enjoyed meeting a few of the department directors. VIP? Yes please and thank you.
