4	If you're looking for vinyl in Vegas, I'd suggest starting here, 300 E. Sahara Blvd, not too far off The Strip. A good selection of rock, jazz and such, all conveniently alphabetized. Lots of gems lurk about, in the $4 to $10 range. Some lost classics and rare finds too, but those are priced accordingly ($20-$80). Really good metal bin! When you've looked this place up and down, then try the other Record Citys if you have to. I hit the one on Charleston, it was more suburban in that the vinyl was more of the dollar bin variety  but marked up to $3 or so.
4	If your idea of winning big in Vegas has less to do with poker chips and  more with unearthing vinyl gems, check out the purple hut called Record City. Sporting some deep bins stocked with quality stuff, the prices here ain't cheap, but they're generally reasonable. Bonus points for the killer prog and metal bins being conveniently located right next to each other, and if sin city has you in the mood to roll the dice on some Euro-metal obscurity priced at $60, here's the place.
3	Conveniently located east of the north end of the strip and only a brisk walk from the last stop on the tram, if your not driving. A lot of rare and original LP's and quite a few 10" all priced 20 to 30% higher than you would want to pay for them, probably because they have to keep the a/c going in that place like an ice box to prevent goods from melting. Highly organized, which I like, so you don't have to sift through every record in the joint to find what you are looking for only to put it back because it was over priced.The bargain bin in nonexistent (try down the street) unless you are looking for  Herb Albert or Ray Coniff. Record City knows exactly what they have and what it's worth(+20%) so don't spend your valuable vacation time panning for gold or looking to find that unpolished gem. Similar to what the other reviewers said, if you are looking for that metal LP you couldn't find, look no further.
5	Great selection of classic vinyls.  Knowledgeable staff.
1	Product received in the mail was absolutely destroyed. Not in a sellable or useable condition in any way whatsoever.So instead of returning it for a refund or contacting the store for a replacement I decided to leave them negative feedback. Thanks for nothing Staci K.
4	Where to start? I don't know if you have ever felt that you have reached your max on the tables & slots & needed something different? If you have or just love vinyl this is the place to be. This little hole in the wall is the best because of it. When you roll up on this place, you mind will go places. Let it, it appears ghetto, but is far from it. This place is well organized, clean & well lit. I am an avid collector & have been in my fair share of places while I've traveled. When I walked in I was completely blown away. I was expecting to fine the water logged $1 boxes & nothing more. I was amazed at the wide spectrum of music this tiny store possessed. I found old school jazz, rock, metal, reggae& punk. The prices went from the $1 boxes (actually great vinyl) to the mid range $8 boxes into the $$$ category. I found some John Mayall Live & Thelonious Monk for under $10 each. The vinyl quality is the only reason I would pay that kind of money for a record. The vinyl is near mint, no lie! I'm glad we decided to take a break from our festivities of my brothers Bachelor weekend to go shopping for vinyl. Don't waste your time in the pawn shops looking for records, there are none. This is the place, My Little Purple Music Box. There was a sale this past weekend (8/12-13/11) all records under $19.98 were 33% off & Cd's & DVDs were $3.00 ea. I would ask if the sale is gone. Even without the discount the prices are perfect for what you are getting. If you don't believe, take your backside to Vegas (Sahara & LV Blvd) & look for the little purple box. You will not be disappointed.
5	Record city is everything you need a record store to be.  It has a more than decent amount of records to browse and they seemed to be sorted pretty well.  I was nice to see separate bins for punk and metal leaving the rock/pop bins for what they should be.  I was able to easily find five records (one classic, four rarities) that I wanted.  Scoring them for $26.  I could have easily found twenty more records I wanted if I had kept looking. I'm sure of it.  You could spend $30-$40 on some really collectible stuff if you wantded, but their $1 bin is nice and big and not just full of crap either.  I was left completely to myself while I browsed (a good thing).  If you like to browse, and you know how to browse this is a great place to spend your time and money.   I would have liked to give it 4.5 stars instead of 5 cause a perfect score is hard to come by.  The only weak points I can think of is a really small parking lot and the fact that they are not open late enough.  Both of these you can manage with a little planning.
4	This location has lots of goodies for the fanboy types with its floor to ceiling memorabilia for Beatles,Elvis,Kiss,Jimi Hendrix and most other popular bands.One of sin city's best kept secrets.
5	Letting people know of my personal vinyl record spots where I dig at is usually a no-no for me :-)But since record stores are becoming rare, I will post that Record City has a very large selection of Jazz, Rock, Punk, RnB/Soul vinyl records at adequate prices depending how rare they are. They have a large selection of new reprints and also $1 record bins that are in pretty good to fair shape. I usually hit up thrift stores for records but i will be a returning customer to Record City.
2	If you are looking for vinyl, Las Vegas like many places these days, doesn't offer masses of choice. Record City has probably the biggest 7" selection, but if it's customer service you're after you would be better going to ZIA Record Exchange.I went to Record City at 300 E Sahara Ave and the guy behind the counter (he said he ran the place) was the most miserable, rude person I have ever encounter in a shop. The actual "owners" of this store should consider a new "front person".Also, their website is awful, my 6 year old has designed better.
4	Nice to know you can crate dig in Vegas, prices are a little high but you can find some heat.
5	In the best crate-digging tradition, Record City is an old, converted house that's filled to the gills with vinyl - Lps, picture discs, 45s, what have you, both new and used. I've been collecting for a very long time, and I love this place for a couple of reasons. First: quality. It's superb. Most vinyl is in near-perfect shape. If it's not, it's there because it's rare (like that Whispers Lp on Soul Clock that I found during my last visit). Second, selection: although the bulk of their vinyl is rock and R&B, there are smaller but respectable collections of jazz, country and classical. Cool thing about record shopping in Vegas is that so many people come through there from all over. This makes for a lot of inventory change, all the time. And that's very cool. Unlike other local stores like Zia, you will come out of here with an armload rather than one or two Lps.Note that they close at 5PM and are NOT open on Sundays, so plan accordingly. Last time I was here, I came up with a half-dozen sealed early 70s Motown titles, a couple of hard to find Quads that i'd been searching for, and a ton of other cool goodies. Definitely worth the visit if you're in Sin City, with a better chance of a "win" than any casino you might drop cash at ;)
3	If you're an ardent crate-digger, then any record store in Vegas is worth a stop. Except for maybe that one old cranky dude who runs a shop out of his house. Man, I hear some horror stories about him...This place is small but packed with product, and there are a lot of great records to be found if you take the time to look. I'm mostly interested in soundtracks and old-school metal, neither of which were in high supply. The place did have a lot of imported picture discs, which always look awesome, but word on the street is that quality suffers on these versions, so I tend to avoid them. As for soundtracks, the selection was minimal and mostly hewed toward older classic films. There wasn't much of anything I had to walk out with, and I'm normally not such a picky shopper. Show me something - anything - that's remotely of interest and I'm likely to cave if the price is right. But it just wasn't happening here that day.
2	Decent stock with fair prices. There wasn't anything mindblowing in here, but it's a nice place if you're looking for common records. It's definitely worth a look if you are in Vegas and have some spare time.My reasoning for my two stars is because of the customer service. I am a young man (just 20), but have worked in a record shop for two years, have been collecting records since I was 12 years old, and have dealt records on online since I was 15 years old. I guess you could say I'm a "collector", or I at least know a little about records.Anyways, they had some boxes of "collectible" 45s behind the counter that I asked to look at. The older gentleman at the counter (not the owner, but an employee) told me that the boxes were for "serious collectors" only then said nothing else and went back to what he was doing. I waited for him to either say something else or pull the boxes out, but nothing. So I asked him again if I could look at the boxes, and he repeated the same answer but added "but I guess you can look at it them".It just really irked me, and the guy kind of had a rude tone throughout the whole time I was in there as well. How does he know whether I'm a "serious collector" or not? He doesn't. He's just assuming since I'm young I don't know shit. Typical old guy collector attitude.Which, by the way, after looking through the boxes it turned out to be pretty much all overpriced doo wop 45s. Go figure.
4	Went in here more recently and dealt with an older lady and her daughter. Both were very friendly and helpful, unlike the gentleman I spoke about before. They were also running a great sale, buy two get one free and after that everything was 50 percent off. Better stock than I remembered!
3	Solid little store just off the strip near the new SLS Hotel and Casino (aka So Long Sahara).  Owner (I think he's the owner at least) is cool.  I dealt with him dozens of times and he's friendly, just need to start off the conversation if not, you may not hear a word from him.  If you need any help, he is there to help you out. All my buying experiences have been good here.The place is small but very nicely laid out, very well organized and lit store.  It's easy to find what you are looking for if you come into a store with a short list.  But alas, we record dorks like to get our hands dirty to the degree of needing a good hand washing by the time we are done.When anyone writes a review, let's face it, people want to know if they are stocked good and how are the prices.  Their stock to me is split really 25/75 between new vinyl in which they have the 2nd best of in town after Zia (and they have some "imports" which is coded for you know what and classic rock/jazz vinyl which they have a lot of.  If you looking for anything Beatles related they are in most cases roughly 25% more than eBay.  The rest of the store in all musical genres are standard prices and you can find many solid records in great condition at below market value.If you are a collector, than I would say this would be a nice hour or so pit stop.  Nothing earth shattering, but damn solid shop.
3	If you're looking for picture discs , this is definitely where you'll find them. Other than that, good luck. I've scored a few items from this shop over the years. The majority of the shop however, is the usual stuff you see at most every record store across the country. Overall, it's a decent place. I like the staff, and the records here are all of good shape.
