5	We're leaving the airport in our rental car, and we're about to turn right on Las Vegas Blvd.  And my friend gets really excited at the sight of "Boot Barn."  I smile, agree that we'll stop by if we have time on Sunday before our flight...And then Sunday comes, and we do have time, and we end up there, and I'm totally impressed.  I suddenly feel like I NEED a cowboy hat more than anything.  (I'm not exactly someone who has any reason to own one- trust me.)  I also want cowboy boots.  And a big belt buckle.  Something about the store really makes me want to buy everything.And the guy working there was SO helpful.  He told us about various hats, and how to take care of them, and when my friend picked one out he said, "That there is a beer drinkin' hat."  She was pleased.My other friend mentioned that her father's hat size was a certain size, and said attendant asked if her father was Stewie Griffin, or was featured in the Macy's Parade, because that was an unreal head size.  He was pretty hilarious.  I didn't buy a cowboy hat.  But I really really wanted one.  And it was a great way to kill some time before our flights.
5	I should preface this review by clarifying that I am about as country as Lady Bunny performing The Osmond's, "A Little Bit Country." That being said, you will find some awesomely cheap boots here. 50% of everything is on sale, and their inventory is massive. They carry slightly more men's boots than women's, and the staff are very helpful. They also carry some Western style clothing and accessories, which didn't interest me in the slightest. The cool thing about this store is that the majority of the patrons are looking to buy the tasteful camel colored cowboy boots, leaving the outrageous day glow pink and turquoise snakeskin boots that I want drastically discounted! They carry Tony Lama, Ariat, Frye, Ugg, and a bunch of other cowboy boot makers that I've never heard of. Overall, an excellent place to check out if you want a hot pair of cowboy boots.
5	*to the tune of Nancy Sinatra's "These Boots Were Made For Walking"I keep saying, I need some boots, for meSomething, snazzy, to go dancin', but I digressI've been shoppin' where there's no good boot shoppin'Until I found Boot Barn was the best.These boots I have, people are talkin'And that's not all they doShirts and western wear are there all for you.I walked in, to rows and row of bootsVicki helped me, she was just the bestSo many were on sale I couldn't believe itAnd left with a pair, cheaper than what I'd have guessed.These boots I have, people are talkin'And that's not all they doShirts and western wear are there all for you.Are you ready boots....?YES!
4	Really nice boot selection!!!  I have been on the hunt for red boots for awhile, and I had tried on fancy Stuart Weitzman red suede boots at the Premiere Outlets and sexy as they were, they were almost $300 and the saleslady had to practically pull my leg off to take them off...I decided if I can't put on and take off a boot on my own, it ain't worth the money!! (and they were a half size too big)...anyway!  I had been jean-hunting and a sales associate at Francesca's mentioned Boot Barn when I was in there and I felt there had to be a way to find red boots at a boot barn!  The web site is very thorough with stock and pricing, plus customer reviews...I found affordable, beautiful red boots online and went in on Sunday to buy.I found my size, tried them on, did not get hounded, admired the Cowgirl look with red suede and leather plus chain + good price, and went to buy.  No one helped me though and 2 women fought with the cashier over the commission which I found annoying.  Nevertheless, it rained all week so I cannot wear these hot boots out just yet!
4	The Boot Barn had a nice selection of boots from all the great makers around the country.  Mark helped me pick out a pair that fit my needs, the only reason I i didn't purchase from Boot Barn was the pricing.  They were a little higher on most of the regular stock boots than Cowtown on Flamingo.  With that being the only exception the store was great.
5	I am no expert in boots, but I managed to snatch me a great pair of boots from this place. The workers here are all very knowledgeable with what they do. I found some cool boots that I liked and the sales man helped me find the right boot for me. Unfortunate that places like these are few and far between.
5	Nice selection of boots! Looking for that special boot, work, casual, dress or play, they have it.  Nice selection of sizes and all the assessories too!
3	We  came here to look around, I was curious pass this place a few x. If u looking for cowboy boots, this is the place,rows and rows of boots They have all types of skin boots bull, snake ,ostrich,alligator etc. Some even run a few grand , I guess if u got the money and want some ugly ass boots come here. Nah, they got some nice boots. I got some justin boots jus don't get to wear um much , wife say they don't match my shorts that I wear 99% of the time. They also got cowboy themed glass ware, cookbooks, ton of hat and of course giant belt buckles . Nice place to by a gift for the cowboy or cowgirl in your life .
3	Boot Barn has wide selection of boots, clothing, hats, and accessories, but I was not able to find the perfect pair boots that I'm looking for.I did get my girlfriend a sexy pair of studded Harley Davidson boots here.  She really loves them, and wears them every time we go dancing.I also got my favorite "Outback" hat here, which I wear just about all the time.
3	They do have a large selection of boots and this where my cowboy friend bought his boots a few years ago.  We had heard that there was a January clearance sale going on but when we went inside we didn't really find anything on sale.  We only ended up getting one T-shirt that cost around $25.00.  Nothing is cheap in here so be prepared to shell out big bucks for your country wares!  I actually prefer the stores in Norco and Torrance (California) than this one.
4	Definitely happy with my purchase here.  There are no boot barns in the San Francisco Bay Area, so as soon as I saw this location,  I literally jumped out of my "boots." Store is well staffed, all who were friendly and willing to help.  HUGE selection of women's/men's boots with a wide price range to fit your budget.   I picked up a CUTE pair of deep red/brown boots, and they're comfortable too!  $190.00 not bad right?   My first official pair of cowboy boots.  I also found a cute straw hat that completes my look.  ($30.00)  An Asian girl decked out in cowboy gear - what's up!  (Kenny Chesney, I'm waiting for you!)The husband didn't buy anything,  but he spent a long time checking out $$$ cowboy hats.  Tbh, I'm glad he didn't buy anything. . He has a bigger shopping addiction then me!
4	Girlfriend and I were in Vegas for the weekend of the fourth. We stopped into the Boot Barn on our way to the airport to kill some time.Although we expressed this to the staff they were still very friendly and attentive. Even though it was a holiday and they were about to close the service was still nice.  A young man, who looked like a modern day Audie Murphy, showed us a wide variety of hats and  gave cleaning advice on the Stetson that I was wearing that day.Another adorably wonderful young lady politely asked us where we were from and told us that her daughter lived close by and loved it.This type of customer service gave this store a very rich small town feel that tends to be missing from the "Superstores" of today.   The next time I go to Vegas I will make sure  that I leave room in my suitcase for a purchase from the Boot Barn.
3	Great selection on boots, accessories and home decor. 3 stars for 2 reasons-1. most of the home accessories are not marked clearly with a price, and sometimes damaged items are kept on display. 2. I have never had good customer service here, and I go here frequently. I have never been asked if I am finding everything ok or if I need help with anything (hence frustration with pricing on merchandise)
5	Yeehaw. I needed me some boots (or so I thought).I went to Boot Barn with the intention of seeing if they had a certain pair of boots I had seen online and they did - plus so much more! The amount of boots and styles they have here (particularly the ladies section) is stellar! I had been looking online at boots and thinking I may wear a pair under my wedding dress. I thought maybe I could pull of a little country flair, after all... in reality, no one would actually see the boots unless I purposefully showed them!Well I went here with the intention of just looking and I fell in shopping love with a pair of boots. They are all easily marked and you can try them on by just pulling them off the shelves. I ended up buying a pair of really lovely boots. However, I had second, third, fourth thoughts about them the next day. Being the fickle bride-to-be I am, I actually ended up returning the boots.Throughout the whole process the staff was very nice and understanding of why I was returning the boots. The return on my card has already been processed!I will return here someday and buy some nice boots, I swear! I can't keep wearing my Mom's old vintage ones for too much longer.
4	I had a nice experience here buying boots. Found a nice pair of Ariat's for around $150. The service was helpful but not too pushy. Prices are a little high on apparel.
3	I am a fan of PANTS that fit great, shirts that speak to you and fine footwear. Boot Barn surprisingly can nail all three, bare in mind not only the $1000 Ostrich sleds but durable well made $150 solid fashionable boots as well. Get on in, find your cowboy, and walk out with vintage shirts, polyester pants & full leather boots that are chill on the folding cow hide.
5	Great service, great selection.  I was in awe with their selection!  When I go back for the Tim McGraw/Faith Hill concert next year, I'm stopping by here again for some more stuff.  This place is very close to the rental car hub.  I was tempted to stop by there again before heading back home.
4	I love this place, they have an amazing selection of boots, pants, belts and hats! I've purchased three pairs of cowboy boots here so far, and I'm very happy with all of them. I suggest shopping at this place to anyone who likes boots, just remember not to buy anything unless it's comfortable! :)
4	What can I say, when it comes to true country shops in town this is the bee's knee's. The shop itself is too small for the amount of merchandise and customers it sees on a daily basis, you definitely feel confined and overwhelmed. Rent must be cheap or they actually own that lot. If not is about time they upgraded to a bigger store. Maybe combine with the Working Man, store. The rewards program is great too.. spend about $300 and got a $60 reward that you have to use at the store and not online. The selection of boots and shirts are nice and you can go online for even larger selection. If you hate crowd then I recommend shopping here on a weekday.
4	I love me some boots! They have some amazing hats, boots, clothes, and toys for the kids. All of the employees seem to be nice. The prices are very good. Normally things are on sale and or really cheap. I buy boots/ visit the store quite often too.
1	Great Selection, Horrible customer service! I have shopped here for my father a few times & i have never been greeted or asked if i need help i dread going to this store.
3	If you're looking for a new pair of boots, a cowboy hat, or bolo then Boot Barn is the place to beBUTIf you're looking for a good time or at the very least a smiling face you're not going to find it here.  Rumor has it Murkey Dismal is actually the manager...If you don't know then peep the link below.http://www.rainbowbrite.net/characters/murky.html
1	The manager Berry has no people skills or know anything of customer service. Just imagine a knuckle dragging guy who walks around with his mouth open and that's what you get to work with. They are selling second hand defective boots. Don't buy here!!!
1	Very little selection for work boots and when asking sales associate grandpa mike for assistance he states "what you see is what we got" and simply walks away. Look for another sales associate to find two other just chatting away in another aisle.    Surprised they have been in business so long. ...
3	I walked in with the intent of buying the same pair of boots that I always buy, instead I ended up buying Dingo's Bailey boot. This boot, which I bought in black, is very sleek and narrow. It has a small heel, about 2 inches or so, and the top slouches down just a little bit. It also comes equipped with a boot chain on it which has little silver circles with stars on them. Dingo is one of my favorite brands out there when it comes to buying cowgirl boots, but this Bailey boot is by far my favorite. Unlike another one of my favorites, which would be Dingo's Gayle boot, this one is made of authentic pig leather, and the material is of great quality.I really liked how the heel is perfect for dancing. Its not too high, and is very comfortable for you to walk around on. And unlike other shoes, where you have to break them in to make them fit perfectly on your foot, this boot feels broken in as soon as you put them on, as long you buy the right size, and I would suggest going about a half size bigger than normal, but the associates, although not gladly, can have you fitted for the perfect size. The chain fits perfectly on the boot at first, but after a while, it does start to stretch out and sit a little lower than I would like, but that can be easily fixed by buying another boot chain. It is also a bit narrow, so if you have wide feet like I do, I would suggest buying the shoe in a size wide if you don't have the time to get fitted, or like in some previous experiences of mine, the staff doesn't feel the urgency to assist you. The leather is also of great quality, and you can definitely tell that it is authentic pig leather, for mine had spots in some places, although not large enough to spot from far away.I would definitely recommend this product for anyone in search of cowgirl boots that you can walk around in and dance in comfortably. Its also a great pair to show off to friends, for I received an ample amount of compliments my first time wearing them. I've always been a fan of Dingo's brand of cowgirl boots, but never have I fell in love with a pair so instantaneously. This is a must have, and is not something you should just browse over. The only reason this review isn't rated "As Good As It Gets" is due to their service.The Boot Barn is a great place to go to when looking for this, or any other, boot, as long as you aren't expecting exceptional customer service to go along with it. The boot is definitely a must have, too bad the staff doesn't have the same enthusiasm about their products as I do.
4	Stopped here on our recent Vegas trip. Diane bought a pair of cool black boots with just a bit of detailing on the toes. I found a new leather wallet and a new pair of pushing gloves. They are wheelchair accessible and service was friendly and helpful without being intrusive.
5	So we went in with only 30 minutes to shop. A gentleman by the name is Miguel assisted us was very helpful. They stayed open about 45 minutes after closing to help us for event that we have to do for work. Thanks for all the help I really appreciate it. O and gave us free Rodeo tickets
1	I have not been back to this location but appreciate that the district manager contacted me hear what happened
4	Staff are friendly and the supply is plenty.  Disappointed with the large prices tags. :-( They will honor military discounts and their rewards system is very comparable.
1	Terrible experience today with rude employee named "Flo"! She was patronizing and insulting to the level that we decided to take our business elsewhere. Previous reviews here by others on 1/15/14 and 6/6/14 reflect similar issues.  As local Las Vegans we are appalled that someone could be so rude here in a town that is based on customer service and customer relations.Who trained her, how is she still mixed in with customers?  Who is in charge?She was so rude, I wrote a full page letter to corporate customer service.
2	I don't know about the cowboy boots but almost everyone of the work boots are made in China. I have been wearing Justin work boots from here for 16 years but now they have hardly any Justins at all and it's the only boot they have that is made in the USA. I am not ready to buy China boots.
