4	TY saw this on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (Episode 313 All in the Family), so it was a must-stop. It was a small little stand-alone building at one end of South Side and you wouldn't know what it was except for the neon sign and the banner outside claiming its recent celebrity status. It's one of those places where you step in and what you see is what you get. And what you see is one long bar with a bunch of stools, a couple of high top tables and a few regular ones, and that's it. It runs lengthwise and sprinkled around are various slot/poker machines. There are a few flat screens and TVs scattered around with the game on. They have the specials listed right next to the door and Nadine herself was behind the counter, having a smoke. Which leads me to the four-star status. I just don't like smoke when I'm eating. I don't like it when I'm not eating, but I especially don't like it when I am trying to savor food. I know it's legal and all in PA, but it still ruins the experience. But in a way, enhances it, because you would expect it to be a smoke-filled kind of place. Anyway, their specials are $4.50 and I had the bowl of chili and grilled cheese sandwich. TY had the meatball sandwich and both were exceptional. The blond woman who took our order was just as nice as can be.  Be sure to stop by if you're in Pittsburgh! Definitely a godsend after eating at Nakama the night before!
5	Dirty, small, greasy, damn AWESOME.  The fish sandwich (i hear) is to die for.  Cheap prices, that's for shore.  Smoke filled divey bar.  I love it.  If and when I'm in the southside, it's always on my list to pop in.  Beware... when you leave you will leave there smelling like a greasy fry cook that chainsmokes.
4	tiny, tiny place but huge flavor on the roast beef sandwich and dirt cheap. Recommended
4	Nadine's is a place where the inverse property of food takes place. The smaller this place is, the better its sandwiches are. This is one rule that you definitely must keep in mind if you choose to step in.Now, I didn't get to eat in my first time, but I did get to eat well. I was privy to trying the French dip and the fried pastrami they have there, which are basically complete decks of meat, cole slaw, pickles, and rye put together. Pretty good. I definitely want to go back sometime.
4	If there is one place that exudes old school Pittsburgh it is this great diner that has been featured on Guy F's " diners, dives and drive-ins". Besides being one of the best spots for breakfast in Pittsburgh's Southside it is also a rowdy football bar with plenty of yinzers clad in gold and black yelling for and about thier Steelers.The mixed grill is a consistent winner and if Nadine has her stuffed peppers available they are a definite winner. The specials change daily and her casarols are unique and tasty.If you go on a weekend you are Likely to be served by Earl the bartender-chef-dishwasher and bouncer. A little smoky but a unique taste of local Pittsburgh flavor.
5	Great Sports bar with amazing cheap good food!  Great deal!  Cheap Drinks!  Can't beat it!
3	Call me slow for not checking Yelp before going there, but since I has first seen Nadine's on Diner's Drive-ins and Dives, I assumed it was a family restaurant. After walking quite a while down the strip district in the freezing cold with 2 kids, I discovered that Nadine's is actually a bar. Kid's can't go inside. Unfortunately for me, this meant I didn't get to partake in the goods.For those wondering about the rating - Yelp doesn't give an option to provide feedback without a rating so I put mine smack dab in the middle. So, for people with kids: Don't even try. Go back when you are out with some friends.
3	Take a dive into Nadine's.  Fun little bar...smoking-OH NO!  But no one was smoking when we were there.  Had lunch with a few regulars that were lots of fun and watching sports on the many TV's.  Service was friendly but tended to skip us for the regulars.  This place has some neat specials and sandwiches.  Ordered the Fried Bologna with peppers and cheese.  Delicious!!!!  If you haven't had a fried Bologna, you need to give it a try!  Friend had the hamburger which looked to be homemade, not a frozen patty and declared it to be delicious and cooked perfectly.
4	Great little local neighborhood bar with a bunch of regulars. But they all made us feel at home, and were super nice! It's small....really small. The bologna sandwich was really damn tasty!
3	Off the main drag, Nadines sits on 27th street on the slopes side.  As far as I could tell, it was the only bar on that street.  It sits sorta randomly, that once I turned in the street, was surprised to see it right there.  Street parking was very easy - but not sure how that would be on a weekend night.  I will admit when I walked in I felt totally out of place.  At first I thought I was the only woman in the establishment, but then I saw about 3 other women in the joint.  It's not that big of a place so the fact that I had a hard time spotting the women should tell you how many men were in that place.  I didn't get any food, but I tried my friend's fries which were tasty.  I got a tangueray and tonic and it was perfectly made.  Oh and huge bonus it was $2.75!!!!  I was in total shock by the price.  So the drinks are really affordable and from what I heard the food is good.  I would have rated this place higher b/c I like the feel of the bar and it's totally divey nature, but there was smoking which turned me off.  Once I got settled in, everyone was really friendly.  Not sure that I'd go here again, but I'm glad that I checked it out.
4	The bartender, was nice and friendly and accommodating every one in the joint was friendly.  Two drinks came to $5 not too bad for the Southside.  Where just one drink can easily cost you $5 or more. This bar/restaurant was filled almost every seat was taken which is a good sign on a Saturday afternoon.  They're doing something right. We only stopped for drinks here but the staff made a very good first impression on us.
1	If you like smokey dirty bars with cheap prices and even cheaper quality of food this is your place. Got the roast beef bland nothing special. My wife got a hamburger it was just ok she said once again nothing special. I found out the drunk and obnoxious people in the bar were the owners son and his friends. The f work ever two min that my wife did not care to hear. I was in the restaurant biz for a lot of yrs and here is some free advise don't drink where u work! It's your restaurant not your frat house.The menu is very boring typical bar food. When it was suggested that we try the fried baloney I almost laughed in her face thinking it was a joke did not think anyone still ate that junk. I saw a poster of the triple D guy and I have tried several places he visited. Guy I gotta tell u lost a lot of respect for u if you think this is a good place for food. A Dump yes a drive yes good food no way. Will never go back. I will keep my place right across the street Michael's pizza. Much better food although nothing fancy just really good pizza!!!!! (and no smoking!) so to summarize if all you care about is price and don't mind a place that smells like a cross between smoke and a dirty toilet have at it. Was surprised at the reviews but honestly most people don't care about quality only price. If you are one of those then go but there are only about 10,000 restaurants and bars that are sooooo much better in the south side!! Wish I could have given it zero stars but that's not an option!
5	Far and away my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The food is incredible (the hot roast beef sandwich with homemade red skinned mashed potatoes is my favorite) and the drinks are ridiculously cheap.  The staff is always super friendly.  Plenty of TVs for watching the Steelers.  I have been coming here for years, and having moved to LA last year, I miss Nadine's more than anything else in Pittsburgh. I couldn't ask for more from a bar than Nadine's.
4	This place is a bar. There is drinking. There is smoking. Kinda sketchy-looking. Go somewhere else if you want chic and ambience. Go here if you want to eat some really great bar food in a very divey bar. I had the Philly steak sandwich. BF had the Reuben. Split some fries. Drank a coupla beers. It was terrific. We watched them cook the meat and veggies. All the ingredients were fresh, not frozen (as far as I could tell). They sliced bread off a fresh loaf for the sandwiches. The Philly steak sandwich roll was yeasty and soft. I'm convinced it was bakery bread. The rye was dense and chewy. The portions were generous. The reuben was 2 inches thick - spicy dressing - great sauerkraut. And all of that for something like $15. The owner was pretty friendly. We were obviously tourists - I actually had on a DRESS of all things because we came straight from the airport and I'm one of those people who dresses for air travel - but no one gave me a dirty look or made me feel like a yuppie slumming a dive bar. He asked where we were from and where we were heading and brought out the visitor book for us to sign. This place was on Diners Drive-ins and Dives in 2008 (this info from the owner). This place put the "Dives" in DDD according to him. And I couldn't agree more.
3	Food - 5 stars: I went here because I saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. I will say, it was on Food Network for a reason. The food was fantastic. I wasn't even that hungry and finished everything I ordered. I had wings and Mac and Cheese wedges, which I recommend, especially the wings.Price - 4 stars: The menu said 50 cent wings, but I ordered a dozen and walked away with almost a $20 bill? Something was off, but I didn't stick around to check it out, since there wasn't a detailed bill and I was in a hurry. Otherwise I believe the place is very cheap.Service - 3 stars: There was only one guy working the bar and the food, so it was hectic to put in orders. He was very nice, but he never came to our table and just shouted at us over the restaurant. Kind of odd.Atmosphere - 2 stars: A dive is an understatement. It was by far the smallest place I've ever been to. There wasn't any room to walk, let alone sit and eat. My bedroom is larger. And in-restaurant smoking laws aren't in effect in Pittsburgh? Who knew.Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone who is willing to ignore the poor service and tiny hole in the wall, for some awesome food and drink. I'd go there again, just for take out.
5	I live in the DC metro area, so I am not used to being around people smoking in restaurants/bars.  I hate cigarette smoke, but given the area it's not unusual I will disregard that complaint for this review.Sweet Jeebus I love me some Nadine's.  I love the divey-ness, when you drive by it looks more like a shed than a bar or restaurant.  You can watch your food being made, and they have delish specials.I had the most amazing fried chicken club sandwich (a special) and my husband had a burger. Food was top notch and very reasonably priced. We aren't in Pittsburgh often, but when were are there, it's our first stop.
5	This place is Pittsburgh.  The simple food and simple people.  There have been a lot of complaints about smoking.  I heard recently that they are no longer smoking at Nadine's! I went there this morning and there is no more smoking.Now to my review.  The food is always good at Nadine's during the day, but I think my favorite time to go is early in the morning.  Eggs and beers after a hard nights work.  The service is always blunt and no nonsense but I love it.
5	Ok so at this point of Cinco de Mayo, it is possible that I would have thought any food was amazing. However, their french fries out of a bucket and microwaved carnival cheese was out of this world good, and I think they had the cheapest drink prices we had seen all day. Good food. Cheap. I'm in.
5	Found this gem on Yelp and the Food Network. Driving across the country, my bf and I wanted to stop at some of the best eateries on our trek to the East Coast. Nadine's was one of the best stops we made.We both got their famous roast beef and mashed potatoes and gravy hoagie and a beer for $2.75 a piece. The food was the perfect portion size, perfectly hot and juicy; filling but not too filling and at just the right, cheap price $17 for the both of us. The staff were friendly and made conversation with the both of us the entire meal, offering more drinks, but we had to refuse due to time restraints. It's a whole in the wall joint with delicious food and great hospitality... definitely a stop for me every time I'm in the area.
4	Found this place through Yelp and I could tell I was gonna love it before I even got there. Got my day started right with egg and cheese on an English Muffin and an Irish coffee. It's spots like this that are the reason I love not only Pittsburgh but PA as a whole.
3	Came here from the recommendation of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on Food Network. We got their roast beef and mashed potatoes and Na's pasta, both of which were featured on Food Network. The roast beef and mashed potatoes was pretty decent. It was beefy with the whole thing slathered in gravy. The portion size was pretty large too. Their pasta was on the mushy side and was definitely not as enjoyable as the roast beef. The atmosphere is a bar type area and was a bit smoky, but the service was very friendly. They seated us at the largest table in the back and we even signed their book listing names of people who found Nadine's through Food Network.
5	Loved every bit of the atmosphere!! I love dive bars and I wouldn't really consider this one of them. It's got better food than most restaurants in the area for half the price! I think they have the best chicken quesadilla on the planet here. Definitely a must visit in this area!
5	My husband and I had to be in Pittsburgh last week.  We had a hotel on the Southside.  I remembered that Diners, DriveIns and Dives had been to a Southside place.  A quick Google later and I came across Nadine's.We decided to head over there right after the usual lunchtime on a Thursday.  The locals were all there but we were greeted right away and given great service.  As you do, we each had one of the Specials.  A roast beef for him and a meatball hoagie for me.His roast beef was too die for!  Openfaced sandwich, smashed potatoes all covered with beef gravy.  This is the way we both remembered eating it growing up.  The meatballs were gigantic and super tasty.   The fries are fresh cut with the skin still on and they were crispy like they should be.We returned there the next two days.  By the third trip, we were family.  My husband is from Pittsburgh and worked on the Southside during college so it was old home week for him.  Between the great food, camaraderie and super low prices, this place is worth the visit.
5	Best Reuben ever...kudos to Shawn the cook who made this sandwich to crispy perfection on the outside while keeping it juicy deliciousness on the inside!
4	It was a very cold day in Pittsburgh on Tuesday- minus 8- but it was a great day to get some serious chicken dumpling soup at Nadine's.  I went with friends- we all enjoyed the soup I had the Turkey- well cooked not too dry and the smash with gravy was heaven- my gang had fried bologna sandwich  and number #1 selling Roast Beef-It warmed us up- This is a friendly local hot spot that has not let TV stardom go to their heads.
5	As a local SouthSider, I'm giving Nadine's five stars for being exactly what it intends to be: a local spot serving up good, solid pub food in a very friendly neighborhood environment.      Living right around the corner, I can't imagine a better spot to chow down on a traditional American breakfast. If you want carving stations and mix-your-own Bloody Mary bars, go elsewhere...but if you crave a real eggs, toast, sides & good coffee spot, accompanied by a real SouthSide atmosphere, walk right in and grab a seat at the bar.      I set the bar high for breakfast, knowing that while it seems so basic and effortless, it's also often a disappointment when eating out. Not so at Nadine's. Stopping in recently, during the Polar freeze, I had one of the best "regular" American breakfasts that I've had in ages. Sunny side eggs done perfectly! Not an easy task, thanks Matt! Paired with perfect toast and a luscious slice of ham...I was happy! My friend's over medium eggs were, again, prepared just right, with a side of what she proclaimed to be "the best bacon " she's ever eaten. Your basic American breakfast..but done so well..a treat indeed! Couple that with the friendly conversation at the bar, and if you're really lucky, a visit with the charming Miss Nadine herself and it's about as perfect a Pittsburgh neighborhood experience as you're likely to find.     If breakfast isn't your thing, don't hesitate to try any of the daily specials being offered...from homemade soups, sandwiches from the grill, and strong favorites like a killer hot roast beef or spaghetti and meatballs, you won't be disappointed. Portions are generous, the prices are right, and you can settle into a conversation about the Steelers or Buccos before you've even settled in your seat...A real gem on the SouthSide.
5	My second family. Adore this place.
5	Let me just state for some that I did not come here because of DDD and no, I did not try what was featured on the show.  I came here...well, simply because I was hungry and thirsty.Upon walking in this place makes you feel like you are in the wrong place, that is until you are warmly greeted by the bartender.  We didn't even have our coats off and were asked if we wanted something to drink.  We quickly settled on a draft and were brought menus.  Now, people, this place has a very small menu.  On top of the small menu there are specials that appear to change often.  A note to people also is that this place specializes in breakfast, half of the menu is for breakfast fare.  I almost ordered a special but decided to go with something from the menu.  I got the BLT and a side of fries; my friend got a cheese quesadilla and onion rings.This is the nice part, everything is cooked fresh when you order it!  My BLT was amazing.  The bacon was crispy, tomatoes and lettuce were fresh, and the bread was just toasted.  The fries are fresh cut.  So no frozen here, cut and then thrown in to fry.  With the light touch of mayo on the sandwich it surely hit the spot.  The quesadilla and onion rings looked good too, but I kept my mind on my own plate.This place, even though it is nothing more than a hole in the wall that has been there for "17 years" (I believe that's what the sign says outside) is amazing and charming.  It's small in here, so if you have a big party, don't expect to feel comfortable in here.  It's dark from the walls and small windows, which to me made it feel warm.  The decor is about as typical as you can expect with many places like this.  I totally liked that their dishes were mixed and matched.  Like they went to Goodwill next door and just bought every plate they had on the shelf.  It gives this place the "we don't go with the flow" feel that makes it work.After a satisfying meal the check arrived.  That was like the cherry on the cake, for two meals and two drafts, $15.  I kid you not.  Totally worth checking this place out for food and not just drink.
5	My favorite local spot, awesome affordable food.  Its rough around the edges, I wouldn't take people here, but it is very cheers-esque
4	Fried bologna sandwich is a winner!
5	TERRIFIC!!  I can't say enough great things about Nadine's. The Fried Bologna Sandwich is better than your momma ever made. Just like all of the Nadine's reviews; The Roast Beef Sandwich that was featured on DDD is awesome. Real comfort food here and Earl (behind the bar) makes you feel like you are welcome just like a regular. Matthew (Nadine's son) is a super friendly guy.  Christy is awesome and she is prettier than Earl. They all cook up a great meal. So, you can tell that I felt like a regular since I know everyone's name but I was in Pittsburgh for only a month!  Go to Nadine's and you won't be disappointed.
5	TERRIFIC !!!!  My husband and I, along with our son and daughter-in-law, driving home from a trip to Cleveland, decided to stop in Pittsburg for lunch.  My son remembered seeing a place on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives that was to die for... so, we looked up the address and made a bee-line for Nadines.  TOTALLY worth the trip!!! Even better that we bargained for! The physical location was as described by previous reviewers and shown on DDD, not much to look at, small, etc... but WOW the food shines and the friendliness and service of the staff is FIRST RATE.  Each of us ordered something different so that we could sample each others fare.  We couldn't decide on what to vote the best dish because they were all DELICIOUS!  The burger was amazing, perfectly cooked, juicy and abundant, the Fried Bologna was killer, the grilled hot dog was incredible.  The Reuben was outstanding... Nadines perfectly sliced meat (razor thin) tasted so very good with the perfect amount of sauerkraut and dressing... can't say enough about it.  The Philly Steak was amazing along with the Fried Zucchini.  Guy Fieri was right on the mark with this one... OUTSTANDING and worth a visit.  Oh, and did I mention how incredibly reasonable the prices are... love it.
5	Update:  I Still Love it.
2	After seeing all the good reviews and seeing the sign saying they have been featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives we were pretty excited to try this place. We had attempted to try out Waffles INCaffinated, but the wait was 1.5 hours. We ate here on a fairly busy Sunday morning, there was no real room to wait while they were cleaning the table, and every time the door opened the cook?/owner?/maybe manager? would yell "CLOSE THE DOOOORR!!!!", as loud as he possibly could. When we sat down, it took at least ten minutes for someone to come give us menus. I ordered coffee (the menu cites only one free refill ,which is weird). The breakfast menu was way smaller than anticipated. If you don't want eggs for breakfast, definitely don't come here. Our order was fairly simple (as there aren't many options), but our food took at least 45 minutes to come. When it finally did, it did not all come together but rather very staggered over many ten minutes or so. I got an egg english muffin sandwich which was extremely comparable to what I could have made at home. Does not come with anything...Nothing was remarkable.. plates, mugs and silverware did not exactly look the cleanest. There was definitely some crusty stuff on the rim of my coffee mug. Annnnyway, wasn't thrilled. Prices are VERY cheap, but you get what you pay for...Will not be back.
4	We love coming here to eat. We literally live around the block so I pass by it often and I have to stop the temptation to eat out. I've had many things from here-- mixed grill breakfast, meatloaf, country fried steak.. all winners in my book. They also have great drink prices and a very friendly staff who are all hard workers. They play bartender, food server, cook and a person to vent to. When bobby has a week day off of work, he will wake up and come here for breakfast. He'll then meet me for my lunch hour downtown and say "i'm not hungry.. i stopped at Nadine's" I've heard that line atleast 5 times in the last 6 months
5	LOVE Nadine's! My boyfriend and I were visiting Pittsburgh for a few days and heard about Nadine's from some locals, so we decided to seek it out. For one thing, when we went... I remember thinking, "Is this the right place?". Looks like a complete dive and did not think that they would be serving anything other than beer and bar food here... but I was wrong! The inside is small, a few tables and then the bar, so we took a seat there. Nadine happened to be working that day with one other girl and boy, is she an awesome lady! Loved her instantly. I ordered coffee, eggs, home fries, and french toast. She made everything literally right in front of us. Cut up a potato right there on the flat top, watched as she made it into home fries... watched her make the mix for her french toast batter.... awesomeeeee. She chatted with us while she made our food and even recommended places for us to go to while we were there. The food was delicious and the prices were amazingly cheap. I would go back again in an instant! (With the Buffalo phone book we promised her!) Highly recommend everyone should try Nadine's. If you go during the week, it isn't as crowded... and the earlier the better.
5	This place lives up to the hype.  This small neighborhood bar is definitely worth visiting.  I've been here for both breakfast and dinner.  Not only are the drinks and eats reasonably priced, they taste amazing.  I must suggest the mixed grill in the mornings and the bacon is top class. Say hello to Earl if you stop in early! If you go in the evenings you must try the meatballs. Crystal is one of my favorite bartenders in the southside so be sure to stop in and ask for her!
