5	I have always had a fondness for this particular store. I am not sure why, but maybe because you can grab a starbucks prior to commencing your shopping activities?Makes a difference I suppose. I seem to keep going there. And not having to keep a "frequent shopper" card helps too. It's never that crowded, it is always subdued and it is very convenient. I suppose that is all you need for a shopping trip. That and a cup of Joe.
2	This is one of the worst run grocery stores in town. They got rid of the self checkout option, so now their check out is soooo slow. It takes forever, and there is at most one or two lanes open. They seem totally oblivious to this. I can't tell you the amount of times I've come here on my lunch break to buy something to eat, and ended up throwing it back on the shelf because the checkout was too long of a wait. If you just need to buy like one thing you always get stuck behind someone buying a ton of groceries. Often the express line is closed.  To make matters worse, the person who bags the groceries always has to comment on nearly every item you're buying, "oh are you getting this because you have an ear infection." I can't imagine this would be a good place if you had to buy personal items. No respect for privacy.If you want to see how a checkout system should be run, I'd recommend you go to the Fry's on 20th st. and Camelback, which has 20 times the amount of shoppers, but never a wait.The only reason I even give this Albertsons 2 stars, is because of the Starbucks within the store, where the service and employees are terrific.
1	I cannot believe that this store has any business.  EVERY single time that I visit this store, I vow to never, ever shop there again.  Somehow I keep forgetting and think that I'll just run in for something really quick.  When I first moved back to Az, I thought that I would shop at this store because it is a stone's throw away from my house.  Every week I would complain about the meat case.  The dripping chicken packages that made the case lines goopy was enough to make me want to throw up.  It smelled bad and always had disgusting gloppy crap in the caseline and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months.  I complained and complained and finally wrote to corporate.  I don't know why I kept going!  Anyway, they finally addressed the problem in the meat case and got it cleaned up, but that didn't last long.  I just went back the other day to check it out because chicken was on sale.  I was so replused by the caseline that I left the store without purchasing anything.  The egg case is gross and dirty as well.  And last week I could smell the seafood counter from 3 aisles away - something was not right with that!I again make the vow that I will never, ever shop for groceries at this Albertson's again.  One word - disgusting.  Actually I can think of a lot more words like dirty, dingy, smelly, gross, the list could go on and on.  Yuck.I can't believe that I'm about to say this, but.....I would rather shop at WAL-MART than shop at this store.  That's saying something!**************On the complete opposite spectrum of terrible is the wonderful pharmacist at this location.  She is knowledgeable, friendly, patient, and explains doseages and side effects.  Last time I went in with my daugher who was getting anibiotics, the pharmacist explained the medication to my daughter, told her how much and how often and gave her some tips about getting rid of the nasty taste of this particular antibiotics.  The pharmacist at this store is the ONLY reason that I will ever step foot in this store again.
5	larger stores in phoenix, large selection of fresh meat and seafood and a great selection of microbrews
1	Atrocious customer service. Store is dimly lit and cashiers are rude. Go to Fry's. This store sucks.
1	I cannot believe I let a sale on milk lure me into this dirty store again.  To prove that I'm not exaggerating the filth of this store, I took photos. Do you really want to eat anything that comes out of a case that is so incredibly gross?  I have no words to describe how grossed out I am after looking at the meat department. I looked because I was curious to know if they had solved the problems at the store.  I'm so repulsed, I wish that I didn't look!  I stand by my previous comment......I would rather shop at Walmart than at Albertsons. Big fat fail!
3	Needs remodeled and a better selection; however it might be appropriate for the demographics. It is my neighborhood grocery because it's so close.
1	Atrocious customer service. Store is dimly lit and cashiers are rude. Go to Fry's. This store sucks.
3	When is Albertsons moving in to Safeway?  I actually like this place a bit better.  I like the croissants, the meats, the butcher will order bones for my puppers, cashiers are alright too. It's the floor help or the baggers that sometimes make me bonkers.  Go to the restroom and they take your shopping cat let and put the things back where they came from.   I put time and effort into my selections and now I've gotta do it again.
