3	i remember berean being THE place to buy your Bible.they still have a fairly good selection, i will say. BUT the people that work there are kind of drippy sometimes. it's not really the kind of place for that if you ask me.what i do really really really love about this location is the fact that they have a couple of tables set up so you can really inspect the Bibles before you buy one. for me - i have to feel it, do i like the feel of the leather? does it weigh enough?; how does it smell? Bibles should have a particular smell!; how transparent are the pages? if i can see the words on the other side, it's not gonna work for me; is it red letter? very important; does it have silver instead of gold gilded pages?these are the questions that i am able to answer at this store.  there are a couple of kids that work there that are extremely helpful. i'm sure i will keep going in!
3	I frequent Berean's about 5 times a year to pick up study items for myself and various church items. I must say they do carry an extensive selection of Bible's, research, inspirational and self-improvement books. I've never had a problem finding anything in those categories. The Christian Music section is in dire need of a re-vamp; most of the music is old and overpriced (can easily be found at Wal-Mart for less). I would like to see more local Christian Artist featured in this store. Overall, this store serves it purpose but I would be remiss if I didn't comment on their  lackadaisical customer service. For it to be a "Christian" store it seems as if most of the employees are soulless drones. Every time, I have come here I have never been proactively helped, when you ring up it's almost as if the cashiers try their best to say as little as possible. For Pete sake's how can most fast food places out serve a Christian book store? Side Note: they do offer engraving services for your bible if you want to get fancy.
3	This place is allllriiiight.Obviously the place to buy your Christian books and merch. The best things about the store is the books. Bible section is decent. Music/CDs/DVDs section is pretty updated, but doesn't seem to re-stock. I guess I understand this since our world is going digital with its media.I have to agree with the other reviewers regarding the store staff. Try to smile more often. :-)
4	Berean has recently changed owners and is now LifeWay, but the selection hasn't changed.  We stopped in to pick up some bulletins for a funeral service and a guest book.  They have a good selection and were very helpful.
