4	Yep its got location and more location.1. $59 southwest airfare. 2. $20 per night room.3. $20 off million dollar quartet if staying in hotel.4. $8 for the deuces public bus. 24hr pass goes downtown and north and south outlets. Stops in front of Hotel.5. Free pass to the Auto collections at the Quad.Big very clean rooms.  Not modern.Great value if you want to do Vegas and the Strip on the cheap.
1	From a long line at check-in with two people at the front desk, to a front desk manager that lies (see me review on the other Harrah's Las Vegas on the strip) this hotel is somewhat of a dump.  The only thing positive is that it is right in the middle of the strip.  The hotel pool looks like you are at a motel 6, their "upgraded" rooms are a joke ( I fell for that one).  There are other hotels on the strip that are far more superior and I am sure the staff will be much better and you won't have a hotel manager running the show that lies.  Just a suggestion.
4	Okay, so I have to admit after reading negative reviews I was a little concerned before we checked in.....well the good news is that I have absolutely zero to complain about!. Check in (almost an hour before the actual check in time) was quick and easy. The person who helped us was friendly, asked us what size bed we wanted, smoking or non, pool view or quiet room. We said King bed, non smoking, remodeled room, and pool view. $15 a night more than what we had already paid online through a cheap airline deal plus the resort fee and we were checked in and on our way up to our room to start having fun!  The room was exactly what I expected...a clean, average size room with some modern touches like granite counter tops, new bedding linens, and 2 flat screen TVs (one in the bathroom). I really don't get why people insist on comparing lower priced hotels with higher ones like the Venetian. I have stayed at the Planet Hollywood several times, TI, and Monte Carlo but that is not what I paid for this trip. I loved having a Sliding glass door with a small deck( to stand on) for fresh air, the hotel location is perfect, and surprise there was a coffee maker that I wasn't expecting!  Also we had cell coverage easily in our room.and the pool area was kept super clean (I could see them cleaning it from my room) No matter haw hard I try I am not a sleep in person so I got up and took a walk across the street to walk around the Mirage waterfalls with the sunrise shining copper on the hotel (gorgeous)!  One final plus, we could see the new under construction Ferris Wheel from our room and the pool. That thing is gigantic and is going to be really cool when It is finished! I would stay at Harrah's again.
2	This place is so outdated... the rooms are for those who just want to have a place to crash... maybe with a group of friends on a whim trip! The location is nice for going places on the strip but this hotel is in need of major repair!
2	Front desk staff was rude and wasn't willing to help figure out what was wrong with my reservation. One person did but was in the phone the entire time with other business.
3	My first stay in this hotel.  It wasn't bad.  Not a great view of the Quad which is completely run down.  We paid extra for a remodeled room and a pillow top mattress.  The pillow top wasnt very pillowy and it was really uncomfortable.  Felt more like a thick pad rather than a pillow top and you could feel it shift.  The sheets had an overwhelming stench of BLEACH.  WOW they use A WHOLE LOT of BLEACH.  Thankfully we only stayed 2 nights and then moved over to Paris where the beds were a whole lot more comfy and you didnt pay extra for it.    The room was very small I would say the smallest of any that I have stayed with in Vegas.  It had a small flat screen in the bathroom which was nice but we didnt use it because we were too busy gambling and partying.  Really hated the pillows.  Liked how close everything was and how close and convenient parking and the tram was.
1	Harrahs has gone downhill FAST. Dirty rooms, rude front desk. For the part about pubes and bloody towels, scroll down. This is our fourth year staying here for a week during a convention. Usually it goes smoothly - not the nicest place on the strip but in the past it's been a decent and affordable hotel for a large group staying a week. This time things went downhill fast. I booked six rooms almost a year ago, have confirmation numbers and emails in my name and the names of my staff. Upon checkin attempt #1 the very rude front desk lady told me I had to have every single staffer present upon checkin, even though my reservations were all In my name and I was paying. So I left and got the crew. Came back later, and was told by an even ruder front desk lady they could charge all the rooms at once, they had to run each one through individually. They hit my card so many times it triggered a fraud alert. Wonderful. The lady kept complaining about how her shift was almost over and she was pissed about not getting overtime. I asked for a manager and he was so dismissive it was shocking. Finally get up to my room, walk in , slightly outdated but not terrible. Then I walk in the bathroom... And there's a bloody towel in the sink. Wtf. I'm so tired I throw it in the trash and figure I'll talk to housekeeping the next day. Pull the covers off the bed... And there's a pube in it. Fantastic. Luckily there are two beds and the other appears to have clean if well worn sheets. Do yourself a favor - stay anywhere else.
3	Eh.  It's an old school hotel and I mean that in every sense of the word.  It's a clean place to lay your head and it's in a good location, but I can't see myself staying here again.  Three stars simply because it's literally just "a-ok".  Pros:No cab line Easy check-inStarbucks super close to the elevator banksGood location on the stripCons:Horrible lighting in the bathroomRooms need to be updatedBed was not comfortable
1	the good: The rooms were clean.  The housekeeping staff was pleasant and attentive.  The show was fun {million dollar quartet}. the bad: dark and gloomy, smoky place.  Air conditioning in the room poor.  Wireless internet slow.  Had to spend too much time with a tech guy on the phone and solved the problem myself later.  My main beef is with the billing.  They literally put every charge they could on the bill even though we had a deal that covered the show etc.  We had to spend time getting items off of our bill.  They also charged us for two computers' wireless access each day, and we only had one.  We never connected any other device.Word of warning: check your bill really carefully.
2	Gambled & tried out their Slots. Place needs to clean up its act / modernize. Buffet was over priced & food was mediocre at best.
1	The worst hotel I have ever been to, worst than any motel! Do not even try it. You would definitely regret it! The hotel staff are extremely rude and irresponsible! My score would have been -5 out of 5 stars, if possible!No Internet at all!! Ridiculously old and crappy hotel!
3	LIKES: bed, view, location, serviceDISLIKES: No automatic wi-fi, no exhaust fans in bathroom/ventilation[Background]Went here in December 2013 and stayed for 4 nights. First impressions: It's right on The Strip! Also, it smelled like smoke  in the lobby. Pretty late check in too :O[Rooms]Requested for a room high up...and got the 29th. Perfect since it could easily connect to the suites' wi-fi (The suites were one floor up, I believe). Otherwise, you'd have to pay extra for the wi-fi. Boo. Also, they still had wired connections for internet. Lame...kind of two thousand and late.The room was pretty spacious, overlooking The Strip. Great view at night and pretty nice in the morning as it also overlooks the mountains.The beds were also very comfortable and clean. Very important, of course. The bathroom was also very spacious, with a regular tub. Just no exhaust fan though. Kind of weird. And awkward.[Amenities]Hating the $18 resort fee especially when the pools were closed anyway! They should only charge that much when the pools are open. It should be a reduced price in the winter season.However, we did take advantage of the Caesar's Palace's heated outdoor pool. Sometimes, Caesars Entertainment guests (Harrah's for example) can go into the Caesar's Palace pool as long as it isn't full. In this case, we were two of six people swimming, so not bad. [Service]The front desk person who checked us in was pleasant and looked excited for us. The phone representatives when already staying in (aka Dial 0) were very professional. However, they gave me different information when I called at different times, so that as kind of confusing. I also asked for two bottles of lotion and I received four. Yay![Value]Pretty good if you just need a place to crash in that is clean and near The Strip. Book through a discount site. Also, get a Total Rewards card. You get coupons, which were useful. Great deal, really![Verdict]It's a pretty good place to stay at especially since it is reasonably priced, has clean rooms and is located on The Strip. However, it is a regular hotel. The rooms don't reek of luxury or excitement. It is by the bus stop as well, so that's useful. I would stay here again if they get wi-fi, bathroom ventilation and if I get a discounted price. I really enjoyed the bed so that's a plus. Pretty good if you don't want to spend too much, yet still enjoy your Vegas trip.  Good enough :)
3	The Harrahs is not bad, but there are much better hotels on the strip for much better rates. The Casino is relatively old and needs partly some renovation. The machines pay good, I hab some luck. There's a pool on the roof of the second level.
1	Worst casino experience I've had.  A machine at 20 dollars of my money.  After the staff messed with the machine for 30 minutes they decided to blame me.  When i ask them to look at the cameras I was told "that that wasn't what they're used for."??? Garbage casino,  garbage staff,  stay away!
3	The check-in desk did not have very good service. The ladies acted as if we were bothering them or interrupting their conversations to check in. The service every where in this hotel could really use a pick me up! Everyone seems tired and irritable. The only good things about this hotel was our bed was very comfortable and it's conveniently close to Toby Keith's bar and the Carnival Court, which are out favorite handouts! Overall, most likely won't be staying here again. And no wi-fi!
2	When I visit Las Vegas, Harrah's is usually the main hotel I choose to stay and play at!  I was rather disappointed with my stay this time around. First of all there is a resort fee, which I understand is at every hotel/casino and they are not the people that wanted it, but for what they give you for that fee is just ridiculous.  I was there for 4 nights and 5 days and had to pay $70 resort fee which gave me high speed internet with a cable to a laptop and 2 passes to the gym and discount for spa treatment and use of the pool.  HIGH SPEED INTERNET???  NO WIFI???? What?  This is absolutely ridiculous.  Who uses a laptop these days?  The little cheap hotel/motels had free wifi and free cable with HBO.  Harrah's a major hotel has NO WIFI???  I wouldn't mind paying the resort fee if I was getting free wifi.  I was very disappointed about this. On top of all that, cell service was horrible. Everyone was complaining about it that was around me. I just don't understand why it is 2014 and Harrah's does not have wifi.  Second, we had our room cleaned and found an extremely dirty glass in our room.  It was disgusting. I actually took a photo so I could send a letter.  I then questioned how clean the rest of the room was.  I would have complained immediately, except there was a long line and every department I tried to call on the phone had a busy signal. Another problem.  I had to constantly go to the front desk in order to get something.  Cafe Deli - I dined here twice, once after midnight and another time at 7 pm.  Both times, service was horrible. The experience at 7 pm was the worse.  We were seated at exactly 7 pm.  We did not get service until 7:28 pm. At this time I told the server we were in a hurry because we had a show to go to. We placed our order for everything.  Our drinks were delivered at 8:03 pm and our food was delivered at 8:30 pm.  I had to flag down the manager, who was not helpful except to get our check and correct the pricing which the server made a mistake on.  My show was at 9:30  p.m. We couldn't even eat the food, we took a quick bite of the overpriced meals and had to split because it was already 8:50 p.m. I get to Valet and there is about 20 people in front of me. I explained the situation to the Valet person at the booth and asked if he could please push my car forward because we are late due to the horrible service at the Cafe.  He said sure, but never pushed me forward. My show was at Mandalay Bay (Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson One).  I didn't get my car until 9:18 p.m.  Traffic on Boulevard which Valet said would be the quickest and not as bad with traffic as I would think.  Well, my show started and I wasn't even there yet.  I didn't get to my seat until 9:45 p.m.  All because of the horrible service at Cafe Deli and the Valet not pushing my car ahead.  When I returned after the show, the Valet guy that took my car said, next time tell them that I have a show to get to and they can push my car ahead, when I told him that I did do that, he apologized and said, he doesn't understand why they didn't push my car ahead.  I told him, I'll stay elsewhere next time because I was very upset with the service I was receiving at Harrah's.  The buffet, which used to be so freaking good, was horrible. More expensive and not of good quality.  There wasn't a large variety like they used to have and the quality was horrible. The diner down the street was better and cheaper!To state another good point of the hotel, when you check in they give you decent coupons which we did use.  They also give you a FREE ticket to see Mac King (comedian, magician) but you have to buy a drink that is $9.95 + Tax which comes to just under $15.  The show is totally worth it.  Amazing! Funny and just magical.  You leave there thinking, "how did he do that?"  Really great show and it's about 1:45 hours long which is definitely worth the $15.  Drinks are great too, our bartender asked if we wanted him to go heavy on the liquor and we agreed.  It was top shelf and heavy with the liquor.  Delicious!  I highly recommend seeing the show!I will definitely consider staying elsewhere next time.  I'm a Total Rewards member, but I am also a member at all the other casinos and get better perks and more free rooms than the Total Rewards.  I have never received service like I did this visit.  And to think, I even paid for a night stay!Other casinos have free wifi, give special service to people when requested, give free refrigerator (Harrah's charges $15/night), restaurant service is quick and efficient, especially after being notified that they are in a hurry and the rooms are cleaned thoroughly. I used to recommend this hotel all the time, but at the moment, I can not do that.  I am forced to warn people about it!  The only good thing about it is the outside courtyard club/bar and you don't have to stay there to go to that!
4	Sign up for the rewards member card Thursday - Sunday, you'll get to try the million dollar pull :-)As for the hotel itself, though the parking garage seemed sketch, I thought our room was great!  It felt clean, it was nice and roomy, it had a satisfactory view, nice bathroom, plenty of storage for two people, and our room was always maintained.  We stayed four days and paid only $170 all together!  What?!  And I liked Flavors, it was muuuuuch better than the Buffet @TI, just yuck to that place.  Our waiter was Adrian and he was fun, I loved him - he gave us wine to go for some reason haha (GET THE GROUPON to save money).  I even liked this one better than Bacchanal haha, I was all hyped up for Baachanal too, disappointed :-(  But yea Harrah's is where the Improv is at so it's conveniently located to catch some shows (We saw the Mac King Comedy show which was good, drinks were ok), one of the bus stops is right in front of the Hotel so you can easily hop on and off, I actually think this is the best location on the strip, right across from Cesar's, right next to the Venetian and Casino Royale, 7 minute walk to TI, and again the bus stop is right out front to go down to Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc. all those other hotels on the lower end of the strip.  I didn't get to eat at Toby's but besides there and the buffet, Harrah's has Kerry's burger place which had the best milkshake I'v ever had (mint chocolate) and some damn good burgers.  It also had an Asian bistro but the entire time we were there I never saw it open haha, so idk about that place.  I liked the casino a lot too, it has the Wizard of Oz slot machines that I like to play and poker slots that we had some luck with.  I'm pretty sure I'll be staying here every time I come to Vegas from now on.
2	Smelly dated casino, mouthy and incompetent dealers.  I felt like more than half of them were 'in training', very slow and screwed up several times (Rod!) and cost my friend more than $150 dollars.  Walked down the strip to a better experience and it was literally a breath of fresh air at Caesars. Also the pool was closed and they did not inform us till after the check in process. They also took all my money.  Only good thing about the place are the bartenders in the game room.  They know how to make a stiff drink.   Thank you for making it all slightly better. Im 30 and had my id checked every 20 minutes, it got very annoying, I asked to upgrade our room and they charged us 15 dollars and put us facing a dumpster/ back alley.
2	Probably the worst hotel on the strip.  It has a decent location, but that's about it.  The most annoying thing is their archaic policies: You have to pay for wifi (and you only get to connect two devices) and it's $25 including access to their Gym which no one ever uses.  I mean, what hotel still charges for wifi in Vegas?  I feel like i'm at some crappy airport hotel because I missed my flight.  Also, they charge you if you want to use the fridge, again, like the mini refrigerator was just invented and is some kind of rare, cutting edge innovation.  There are also no ceiling lights or light switches which is kind of annoying (only lamps) which shows lazy and poor architectural design.  Overall, Let's just say I'm glad I only had to stay here one night.I highly recommend finding somewhere else.
