3	It's a small park close to Durango and the 215. They've got 2 play areas. One for toddlers and a larger one for older kids. Each one has slides, swings, ladders and all the other typical playground equipment. They also have 2 little league fields and a couple basketball courts. But the best thing about this park is the water feature. It's a large splash pad with dozens of ways to get wet -- a water tower that fills a bucket with water until it tips over, another water tower the sprays water like a giant sprinkler, jets that shoot water up from the ground, a big circular ring that you can run through as you get sprayed with water, and several other tubes and poles that spray water at different levels and intensities. Kids of any age love coming here during the summer to have fun. It may not be a Wet 'N Wild amusement park (it is a public park afterall), but for anyone living in the area, it's a good place to spend an hour or two with the family.
4	This is a nice, small park that I only discovered recently. It has picnic gazebo thingies, a basketball court, a softball field, and a pretty nice looking kids playground. I even went here last night to do some lightning photography from underneath one of the gazebos.The reason I first came here a couple of weeks ago was to play a round of frisbee golf. The course is a compact 9-hole affair. If you look at the park from above on Google Maps, you'd think it was a real golf course. What I mean is, the course design has well-defined fairways and the holes meander back and forth like switchbacks on a trail.Unlike other frisbee golf courses, the area is separated from the rest of the park. This is good and bad. It's good because you don't have to worry so much about hitting people who are enjoying the park for other purposes. It's bad because that makes it a single-use area of land. Other courses try to work around the park that already exists. But I digress. That's really a philosophical thing.The course is young, so the trees are still new and I found it to be quite easy. Put it this way. I haven't played in years and I was able to get an even score over the nine holes. As the trees grow and mature, there will be more obstacles and those narrow fairways will become a bigger factor in the game.
5	This is a great park, with all kinds of stuff for kids and adults alike.. I ended up here last weekend with a group of friends for a nice picnic with all the kids and there was no shortage of happenings, from the baseball games to the water park area and the Frisbee golf coarse if you cant find something to do you probably should not be at a park at all. They have the community BBQ's and covered dining areas and it is all very well kept up and not run down like a ton of other parks in the area. If you plan on hitting the park on a Sunday afternoon like we did be prepared to park out on the street due to all the baseball games and things going on there was not an abundance of parking but it is manageable.
4	This Park is within walking distance from my house and I was so glad when they finally finished it. Its a really nice park, not to big, but enough amenities to keep you busy. Basketball courts and Baseball fields. Playground equipment for toddlers and older kids are separate. Nice water park feature my son loves to run through. Then one of the best parts is the Disc Golf Course. Its 9 hole course with tight narrow fairways. Keep it straight or you are out of bounds. Little more of a finesse course than one you can bomb it out at. To me its a nice place to get a walk in while being outside enjoying a little competitive game of DG with friends.
4	This is a nice park, not too big, not too small...yet if offers quite a lot for any park goer.  It's right down the street from my neighborhood so I find myself going here fairly often.  I use it for two things; as a nice, scene track spot for my morning jogs, and for its disc golf course.  The 9-hole disc golf set-up here is very nice, the layout is great with mostly par 3's and a few par 4's and 5's.  It's a lot tighter than a lot of courses, so it actually takes some tossing skill to do well.  Much like in regular golf, my long game is my strong suit and my short/finesse game is pretty lacking.  So I've been working on that flaw, and the course here is a perfect place for me to do so.  I sucked at first, double bogeying on most every hole...now I'm usually on par since I'm starting to improve.If you have kids this is a nice park to bring them.  There is a good amount of playground equipment to keep them entertained, as well as a little water park part for the hot summer days.  Throw in two baseball fields, the basketball courts, the barbecue grills, and the covered sitting/dining spots and it offers a lot for most any aged person.  With all the open area it's a good place to bring your canines for a walk or a game of fetch.
4	This park is a good place to walk. I usually walk around the perimeter and I am amused enough by the other park-goers that I do not get bored.The Disc Golf course is what my friends usually go for here and I have witnessed multiple times that this park is in constant up-keep.  There is always a city employee cleaning up and doing the landscaping.  This is one of the nicer parks in my opinion on the Southwest side of town.  There is ample parking, a few outdoor areas with picnic tables for parties.  There are some baseball friends, a water (feature) park and a play area for the little kids.There is also tons of open field for soccer or football!
4	I really do enjoy walking the 'circuit' around the park.  3 cycles and you have a good 4 mile stroll.  Since moving into the area and enjoying a daily jaunt, I've lost so much weight.  I just wish dog owners would be more considerate and pick up their pet's 'landmines'.One day I'll have to grab my Frisbee (Disc) and play a round or two on the course.
5	Great park to walk with stroller and dog.  I walk here often and run around it almost daily. There is frisbee golf and playgrounds and baseball fields and a place for basketball.  I'm glad it's close to my house
5	Pretty sweet place to go running.  It has exactly 2 upgrades and 2 downgrades when you run the perimeter of this park so there's an easy to difficult part to go through.  The atmospher is nice here to have practice soccer, flag football, or baseball games.  They have a playground, BBQ areas, and even a clean restroom facility.  There is plenty of parking around  the park, and it is also dog friendly.I recommend this park for a nice stroll, run, or to bring your team sporting group to practice.  I also recommend it for a park party, picnic, or BBQ.  I even go to this park to meet up with my bootcamp class because it is perfect for doing all of our exercises and runs.Great park!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (46/365).
5	We usually go here to play disc golf. The park is well kept and we never have a problem playing the field. I am more of a beginner so I can't really tell you much about the field that you can't see in the map of it. Make sure to bring extra water in the summer because it does get very hot.
4	This park is located just a 5-minute walk away from one of my aunts' house and whenever we're around the area, I'd see to it that my family takes some time off the hustle and bustle of our daily lives, throw out a picnic blanket, munch on some goodies, blow some bubbles and just lay under the sun for a nice picnic (not in the middle of a summer's day of course, or else you can expect to be back home looking/feeling/smelling like burnt toast). If you do the same, you'll find yourself surrounded by grassland (feel the earth in your hands) big enough to savor yet small enough to enjoy its intimate feel. There's a little water park for kids complete with swings and hang bars, a little baseball court, basketball area, lots of seating, a barbecue area and a well-paved sidewalk for a nice stroll/jog. At times, you'll see boot camp teams doing rigorous training in the grass. Other times, you'll see families playing frisbees with their dogs. It's a great place to take a breather. Keep this in mind as well. For those of you who're concerned about dog remains, wipe that worry off cause they've got special plastic bags for that. I can assure you this is one very pet friendly park.On top of the wonderful atmosphere, you also get to see the beautiful Las Vegas strip that glitters in the distance. It's a wonderful bonus on nights when all you want to do is lay on the grass and gaze at the stars. Parks are one of the best getaways from stress. There's so much to do and it doesn't cost you a buck. I can't wait till fall when the next activity on my wishlist comes up - KITE FLYING!
5	This lark is about a 5 minute walk from the house. It's always busy on the weekend with baseballs games, people playing frisbee golf and kids in the playground. It's a great place to watch fireworks on the 4th as a lot of people bring their own and have a little show. Park always seems well maintained. A great place to have a picnic, too.
4	There's one main reason why I enjoy coming to this park compared to the others, there's rarely anyone here and it's large enough to let my dog off his leash to run freely. There's a small semi-fenced play area for the kiddos and the rest of the park is just a large field. Great for playing football, frisbee, or soccer. There's also a fenced off field ...this is embarrassing but I forgot what sport it was for because I honestly pay no attention and head straight for the open field as soon as I get here. There's a sidewalk built along the whole field and runs slight just under a mile so definitely a great place to get a good jog in. This is also one of the locations for Boot Camp Las Vegas -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/boot-camp-las-vegas-las-vegas
4	A great park for the kiddos and the dog. We've been coming for a few years now and really appreciate the fireworks show they put on for the 4th of July here.
4	I really enjoy this park. It's close to my house but easy to get to from 215 on the west side from either Durango or the Sunset exit. It's got a great childrens play area, many picnic tables  with shade and a couple of Baseball/Softball fields. The public restooms are usually open and clean as well. I like to do my Cardio here because it has an sidewalk that wraps around the outside and measures almost exactly a mile. It's plenty wide enough when you pass people going the other way, no need to step off onto the grass to get around. This park also boasts a "Disk Golf" course. It's only half a course (9 holes) and I haven't tried it yet but it looks like a lot of fun. They seem to use a special kind of Frisbee though and I'm not sure where to pick them up. But would be a great way to get some exercise, enjoy the outdoors and people/dog watch.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 13/100Red Ridge Park is literally a 10 min stroll from my condo. I will be moving soon and I will miss my frequent visits to this park. When in my hardcore fitness kick, I would run around the park and gauge my distance since 1 lap around the exterior of the park is close to a mile. As other mentioned, two sides are slightly up hill and the other two sides are flat= nice easy run. I also enjoy that it is well lit at night and I always felt safe running by myself. The park features a small water park for kids, large play area for older kids,  smaller play area for younger kids (see pics), basketball courts, and a baseball diamond (see pic). The park is always busy, but I never really felt crowded. You will always see people walking, playing with their dogs,or enjoying a sunny day with a picnic. They just started to build houses directly across from this park. The Dunhill homes start at around 200K for the base price and the neighborhood is growing. They're worth taking a look at if you like the Southwest area. Views of the park would be nice compared to views of other homes. The new Wet n Wild Water Park is close by, too. The one thing I wish they had..... an enclosed dog park like some other parks I travel to visit.
1	Oh Red Ridge, how you have let me down. Well not you, but the people who live near you.So, we were SO excited watching this park being built. We are a nice 10 minute walk away. The first couple years, it was great. We have been to and had parties here. The water feature was great, park was great...it was all....GREAT!Now?!? UGH! The GHETTO neighbors have treated this park like their own personal garbage can. Every time we have gone there are many many children using the black plastic bags (provided for dog poop) to cover the drains in the water park, so it will overflow. Then they leave, literally, dozens of black bags everywhere. Every table and bench is sticky and disgusting, things in the park are broken from misuse, covered up and then still used by kids who have zero parental supervision.As bad as all the is, the kicker was our trip this evening. Last night was 4th of July and there were dozens and dozens and dozens of HUGE fireworks covering the entire field. It looked like a city fireworks display that some group brought to the park, had a fun holiday and then LEFT ALL THE TRASH THERE!! Just covering half of the field where the kids have soccer games and sports practice. I just can't believe what kind of people would do something like that. So good news, if you are trashy and let your kids run wild and treat the world like your personal garbage can, you will LOVE this park and meet a ton of like-minded people! For the rest of us civilized people, there is always exploration park in Mountains Edge.
3	Ok park. Basketball n Frisbee golf is good here but not kept very clean. Random dog poop and water bottles left on grass. If kept up would be nicer.
3	This park has great potential but is not kept up properly- tables are dirty always and some of the equipment is often inoperable- the county doesn't come out and fix it... Then there's kids playing with the dog waste bags :( it's just ok- nothing special
1	I live a block away from the park...I won't take my daughter here since the playground is always torn up
4	Fun park. 9 holes but very straight forward. Straight long drives with as many obstacles you would expect in the desert. Funny what they call a par 5 though.
3	I played disc golf here for the first time on Saturday.As a 9 hole course, it goes pretty quickly, even for newbies like me who can't throw their discs very far.My friends and I played twice, and had a blast.  The course is nice, and the park is lovely.My complaint?  The guy walking around playing golf on the disc golf course.  Like...real golf.  I personally don't want to worry about getting clocked in the head by a golf ball when I'm throwing my discs.
1	Regarding the play area - Yikes! One of the slides is cordoned off. The rubber turf is missing in deep holes on the playground surface causing tripping hazards for children and parents alike. The rubber has peeled off in sheets in the water area, revealing exposed concrete that is VERY slippery when wet. Another hazard greater than the first - heads on concrete is NO BUENO! This is the third County park I've noticed major playground hazards (safety concerns greater than a little graffiti or dirty equipment) in the last month. C'mon, get it together!
4	Great big open space. I met a couple of really nice friendly welcoming people. More importantly my little chihuahua met a couple of well behaved friends. The park is very clean, parking is not an issue. We will definitely be back!
2	I used to live next to this park when it was first built (2008ish?) anyways its gone wayyyy down hill! Trash everywhere!!! Even older parks like desert breeze or even angel park are kept up better than this!
