2	I was beyond excited to see a fast food Korean eatery inside a mall food court. I've always been a bigger fan of Korean bbq in comparison to Japanese teriyaki when it comes to casual/fast food dining. Sadly, this place charged an arm and a leg for basically 4 pieces of beef/bulgogi. They lay out their salad underneath the meat so they can increase their profit margin. I understand it's a tough business and they're in Paradise Valley, but I cannot see myself coming back as a customer when I feel cheated on my meal.
1	Wow it was really really really bad do not waste your money or time wow never had such bad food ever.
5	I really enjoy their boba milk tea drinks! Sooo goood!!!! For all you boba lovers! This is a place to go! :)
2	I used to really like the place despite the fact that I've had to wait several times for someone to come to the register. But today has taken the cake. I walk up, the cashier is turned around not paying attention as usual. When he turns around his mouth is full of food. Now this wouldn't normally bother me as I understand people get hungry. But he sits down and starts talking with his mouth full. I'm beyond disgusted. Ruined my appetite.
3	When I saw that a Korean BBQ place had moved in to the empty Mcdonalds store front, I was pretty excited! I would finally be able to try Korean food at a good price..Which was partially correct. They are pricey for 'fast-food', with most of their options, including a la carte, being around $7-9. I have tried their Bulgogi, with steamed vegetables and kimchi, which was all really good! The sweetness of this dish was great with the garlic and spice of the kimchi! I really want to try their Mandu and tempura, but they keep it under heat lamps in the front, which makes me wonder how long it has been there..but will probably try it one day ( I was watching ABC 15 and saw they got a D for their health inspection in July. It was for things like improper holding temperatures, kimchi made at home(was removed from service), thermometers, ect. BUT Most of these problems were solved on the same day)I see now that they have added Boba tea, which I'm also really excited for, seeing as how it's hard to find without driving to the far west or Scottsdale to find!Hopefully the busier they get, the lower prices will become, but being one of the only Korean places on the East side of Phoenix, they might not.
1	Over prices compared to portion delivered. No drink with combos. Made the meal very pricey for one person. Ordered fried rice with boneless short ribs. It became over cooked beef with white rice disguised as fried rice. They put some kind of beef juice in it to make it look like fried rice. This place is to costly. The wait time was over 10 min.
2	Personally I enjoy trying new and exciting cuisine. So I figured I'd try the Beef Bulgogi Burger, expecting the chopped up bits like any American style shredded beef brisket. But what I received was a meatloaf style formed patty full of onions, with no other flavors, covered with lettuce, tomato, pickles and basically half of an onion after already being overwhelmed by the onion packed loaf. I hardly smelled anything but my friend and sister were not pleased haha. Said the restaurant should have named the dish Hot Onion Garbage because that's pretty much what I got. Not to mention nine dollars wasted.
