5	British Airways flies from Phoenix Sky Harbor to London Heathrow every evening except on Wednesdays. Very convenient for we Phoenician's who love to travel to England.We have never had a delay leaving Phoenix but on occasion are held up in London due to weather. If one travels coach expect it to be rather cramped and for a ten hour flight that can be a bit trying. The flight attendants without fail try to make your trip comfortable no matter what cabin you choose. When we are feeling cheap and do not want to fly business class we go for the World Traveler Plus. This is in between coach and business and it gives you just that bit more room for personal space. The food has been good each time we have flown. They give you enough of it too.
1	Flew once, never again. Cramped leg room and bad attitudes. Worst I've been on.
1	We flew British Airways in 2006 and loved it!!! We flew them again in April, 2012 and it was terrible!!! Both times we flew non-stop Phoenix to London which of course is great. In April we experienced the same problems on both flights - over to London and back home.The seats were cramped with no leg room and hardly any seat space. The flight attendants were snarly and it was an interruption of their day to help us with anything, even serving our food. Airline food is never good so we didn't have high expectations and they fulfilled those easily with crummy food.Of course the seat in front of me reclined into my space and was uncomfortable but what do we expect as they try to cram as many people on the flight as possible.On both legs the air conditioning didn't work so the plane was extremely warm.  On the way back, we couldn't board for over an hour because they were trying to cool the interior the plane.We fly often and this flight was the worst experience we have ever had. Best of all, they don't seem to care. Good luck!!
5	This airline is just a hoot!  Here are my top 5 reasons:1.  The accents!!! OMG.  The flight attendant accents made me melt :)2.  The staff was very polite and accommodating.  The ticket agent kindly moved two of us to an empty row for free out of the kindness of his heart.  It was sincerely appreciated.  3.  Free booze!4.  Decent food/snacks5.  There is a daily shuttle to/from London Heathrow and Phoenix Sky Harbor.  It lands in PHX around 5pm and takes off to London around 9pmRemember to sign up for American Airlines AAdvantage points!
4	It's not cheap but if you are flying to the UK it's the best way to fly - even if you are flying in the cheap seats which ARE cramped.  The stewards are all Brits so what can I say - they all have attitude - gotta luv 'em. I just smile thru them and let my hubby deal with them since he is one of them.Last time we flew we had a free friend ticket and I had enough Avios points for my ticket but we still had to still pay taxes and fees at full price and in British pounds and because we treated our selves to and flew business class so our tickets came to $2K but it was SOOO worth it.  It was the best flight I have ever been on and neither of us had jet lag.(The previous time we flew to the UK we flew US Airways which was a nightmare from start to finish and I will never fly them again.  THEY (AMERICANS) where rude and unhelpful and stupid.)
1	Accents of the English which sound so classy to Americans do NOT make up for their COMPLETE disregard for the disabled.I made every attempt well in advance to get special seating for my son and for which I was happy to pay more and NOTHING was done!When I called customer service today the US rep could have cared less, did not apologize and offered NO help. It was basically TFB!  My son will sufer fir more than 10 hours tomorrow on a flight from London Phoenix and I can not help and BA NEVER had an interest in helping. I will let EVERY disability group in this country and UK know about BA insensitivity so that they can seek other airlines. PS They have a web page with disabled assistance but no specific contacts for those disabled.In other words, just bull but no action for those with disability. If you are disabled choose an airline other than BA whenever you can.
1	British Airways is the most direct route from Phoenix to Heathrow London so it is the flight I have used several times. I also had enough credit for two flights in first class round trip yet how does one get this? I took a morning and started from Jan 1st through Dec 31st trying to get a flight using my points. Why did I do this, well the dates I wanted were never available so I thought I would see what dates were available. Oh and I tried coach through first class on each attempt and in all of that time frame only could I find four dates available and only in coach so I booked it and got back yesterday. I still have points but have a feeling I will never use them since this trip made me realize travel is no longer fun. You get trapped in a cabin so tightly fit with seats one can not even breathe, not to mention the air quality sucks and much too warm. Hell the food looked like cat food and tasted just about as good. Now I will say the folks working the flights were very nice, but nice does not make up for the actual physical layout of the jet. Each trip was delayed for some reason sometimes we waited to board and other times we waited while on the jet just sitting there.  It states on their web site that there are no black out dates for travel, but check back often as seat open up. So right there it is stating there are indeed black out dates if no seats are available. Nope no more stinky depressing flights with British Airways for me.
1	The customer service phone numbers are terrible, hold times very long, aging 747 fleet on the PHX-LHR route means frequent delays for technical reasons.  Used to be my favorite airline, now I'd rather fly with anyone else. Huge restrictions on using Avios points, then tiny seats with limited seat pitch.  As I type this I have been on hold to speak to an agent for 30+ minutes.  Time for them to go out of business and let a customer-centric airline take over these routes.UPDATE: It finally took me TWO HOURS on the phone to make a change to my flight working with an agent, constantly being placed on hold.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE customer service!!!  If there was a way to award ZERO STARS I would do it!!!
4	I must say I do not fly coach on long haul flights, no matter what the airline.  British Airways first class on its newer planes is an amazing experience, I couldn't ask for more, however,their first class on most of the flights between Phoenix and London is worn and tired and I can't wait for them to upgrade these old 747's they should be ashamed to have planes in such tattered condition, I wrote them about it but they didn't seem to care.  The lounge in Sky Harbor Airport is also sad, but I guess when you only have one plane a day arriving and departing there isn't enough need for a nicer lounge.  All in all I have been very happy with British Airways.
5	I travel a lot. I mean really a lot! But, I cannot even believe it that I had never been on British Airways until this month. My daughter had booked our entire Holiday to Celebrate her Birthday and to be in Ireland for Saint Patrick Day.We took a direct flight out of Phoenix, AZ to London Heathrow. Airport.I will start by saying the Aircraft is wonderfully clean. All 4 aircraft's that we were on.Everyone was provided with Blankets ,pillows, headsets and toothbrushes,even a  bit of dental floss, which is nice for those long flights.I have read some of the other reviews, and you cannot really judge the Airline by one Flight Attendant or one incident. I am reporting on the entire experience. We did have one gate agent in Dublin, Ireland that was not the most informative or helpful. But, I do not judge it all on her.Back to our first flight. They boarded the plane in an orderly manner. The plane was a comfortable temp as well as nicely lit.The staff greet you when you come in and they were all very pleasant.When you have over 200 people to deal with at one time I am sure it can get quite tiring ,but they were all wonderful.They are dressed very nicely, and I found them all to be very polite and doing their best to attend to everyone's needs.The service in Coach was very nice. They even gave my daughter and I a Glass of Champagne for her Birthday. I can only imagine how marvelous their First Class service is.The food was really great. That is saying something for Airplane food. Especially on the way out of London back to Phoenix. It was 5 star and piping hot.They came through with water and juices all the time and if you wanted anything else they would bring it to you.The toilets stayed clean, neat and stocked the entire 10 hour flight.They have individual movie screen so you can watch anything you want any time you want and even rewind, fast forward, and stop in the middle, or go back to it at any time.You can even see exactly where you are via moving map as well as time ,temp, and distance.I thought it was truly wonderful. All 4 flights we had great crews. Loved it!
1	I am sincerely amazed this airway can stay in business.  They lost and damaged one of our bags. The supervisor told me I had to bring the bag down to the airport for them to inspect.  I showed up at 2 o'clock just like she instructed.  The person who was working there said "I could help you but I won't because the dust doesn't open until 4 PM"My daughter also flew this airline back. They allow you to prepay for bags except the Internet site doesn't work.  I spent an hour on the phone with them with the bottom line is they couldn't help me and wouldn't transfer me to supervisor because my issue was "so trivial"But my favorite part is flying back the in seat entertainment didn't work. They gave us a form to fill out and promised that they would send something as compensation. It's been many months and we are still waitingDon't fly this airline. Prove it to yourself by calling the 800 number for customer service. After you were on hold for half an hour, you'll get somebody exceptional service I experienced
1	I have traveled regularly on BA, this time we were awaiting guests who began their flight in Rome connecting thru in London on BA to Phoenix.  If your reputation is based not on how you handle things when things run smoothly, but when things go awry,  then BA is in trouble.The 3 guests arrived but not one piece of baggage (4pcs). Customer service at the airport said "wait" apparently thinking that the bags would materialize... nearly 2 hrs later, with a promise that the bags would be delivered, a BA employee explained that there was an IT problem and that several hundred bags were not where they were supposed to be. One of our guests was a visiting Prof, teaching a class for a semester at ASU. Needless to say not having any of her clothes, or teaching materials was a disaster. The next morning we contacted the BA "lost baggage number," answered by someone barely understandable, who explained that the bags were now at the airport and we could pick them up. We went to the airport only to be told "oh, you must have talked to the call center in India, they have no idea what's going on, I don't know why they tell people to come to the airport!"  You have no idea? Maybe it's because they're contracted by BA and instructed to do so!We learned that BA "contracts" a local service to deliver the bags but we "have to be patient because the company is a small company and there are hundreds of bags." Excuse me? We have to be patient because you (BA) contracted with a company not up to the job? Each day we returned to the airport....we also called the "call center"  and they  provided incorrect information each and every time; telling us each day that the delivery service had our bags and would deliver them that night "but if they didn't we should call back the next day." The website to which we were referred was equally useless listing the bags as 3 black bags (2 were light blue 1 was yellow) and showing a beige baby stroller as black. When we spoke to the customer service person at the airport, she explained that with all the bags that were misdirected the staff in London didn't have time to put "colors in the system, they just labeled everything 'black.'  Could BA be less efficient or effective? Two of the bags arrived at midnight one week later, the last bag and baby stroller at 11:00 pm the next night. The staff was clearly stressed, all were as pleasant as possible but British Air could not have been more inept and their staff more ill informed.
2	British AirwaysHave you ever read the rants about having to sit next to someone that is too big for their seat on an airline?  Well you should think twice about whom you blame for this!!  PLEASE READ! My husband is a big guy.  Large chest and arms make it hard for him to be comfortable in one seat.  We recently traveled to Europe and decided to buy an extra seat.  An additional $1300, but we thought it was worth it.  For each leg of our trip it was an ordeal to explain that we had 3 seats for 2 people.  For our final 12-hour flight home British Airways sold our extra seat to someone else.I have since waited over a month and wasted hours of my time trying to get a refund.  The wait time for customer service is well over 30 minutes and then an additional 20 - 30 minutes trying to get them to (re)-understand the problem.  Even though they were more than willing to sell me the extra seat they have since admitted they are not setup to do this.  They have no way to track a second seat for the same person.British Airways is fine pre-flight, the actual airport experience makes you feel like cattle being herded, but you should hope you never have a post-flight problem as they are horrible.
1	This review is for the main call center, not necessarily the Phx airport British Airways. I am shocked at the lack of customer service and the terrible website. It took me an hour and a half to search reward bookings on this site. You have to click every single possible day you want to travel rather than viewing a calendar. It spends so much time searching and thinking. And, nothing is available for a year in advance. Then, when I finally selected a flight plan, and got all the way to the purchase screen, it bounced me out of the site and back to the home page! After two hours I managed to make my flight plan! What a waste of time! Oh and prior to my online marathon, I called the customer service center to ask fi they could help with finding me the flight since the website was not working effectively, do you know what they said? "Please use our website, I see what you are seeing, it's the same so it would be better if you went online yourself." I responded, "I'm sorry I called customer service to get some assistance I didn't expect to be told that you won't help me." Do you know what she said? "That's ok, good luck have a nice day (click.)"  If I had known they would make it so difficult to use reward miles and customer service wouldn't be interested in helping, I would have transferred my reward points to another airline!
