5	This airport Jamba is located in what they call the Atrium area close to one of the security check points (make a quick right after going through security if you are going back through security after flying internationally or checking in near E or D terminals.  if you are coming from another terminal just follow signs to E and D terminals and it is the last business before the security checkpoint there well before the long moving walkway.  It can be easy to miss since you can't really see it from the main atrium area.)After a nine and a half hour flight from Paris, clearing customs and then re-clearing security upstairs the first thing on my mind was re-hydrating and fortifying myself with an original size all fruit strawberry whirl with an immunity boost.  Yum Yum!  The service was friendly and quick and the product up to its franchise standardized high standard.  I finished almost a third of it before I got to B terminal where I smuggled it into that terminal's small USair club.  There, I sipped my cup of joy and health while leisurely gabbing on the phone about my trip as I waited for my connection at a near by gate to start boarding for my flight back to DCA.I recommend Jamba as the most tasty and healthiest option at any airport!Here are some of their other airport locations:    * Portland: Pre-security Food Court    * San Diego: Terminal 2    * Newark: Terminal C    * Denver: Terminal 2    * JFK: The New Jet Blue Terminal    * Houston: Terminal E    * Chicago O'Hare: Terminal 1
5	Lucky Charlottians have 2 Jambas in their midst.  Y'all got it soooo good up there, but don't even know it!  The things I would do for a Jamba in Charleston.
4	I love jamba juice! I was excited to fly out of CLT just to get a jamba to go! However, this Jamba location seemed lower in quality and experience than the ones I've been to in Arizona. Maybe that's just how airport eateries roll. Be prepared to have other travelers weave in and out around you while you wait for your drink.
5	my bay area friends take their jamba for granted. going from having one jamba a week in college, to maybe having 3-4 jamba a year, it can be detrimental.with that said, jamba is wayyyy better than smoothie king, and keeva. this jamba is located inside of the airport. so if you plan to pick anyone up from the airport, make them stop by jamba for you. before 9/11, anyone could've walked to the terminals to get the juice, but time's have changed.i make it a point to pick people up from the airport, or fly out of charlotte. sure, often times the flight is much cheaper flying out of clt than gsp, but being able to get my aloha pinepples, or mango a gogo, or razzmatazz, or peach pleasure... i can name em all. yum.oh.. p.s. it's tad bit more expensive at clt jamba than other jamba's.to add to the list of other jamba locations at the airport,houston tx. it does exist. :D
1	Oh Airport Jamba Juice. How do you take such lovely ingredients - blueberries, mangoes, pineapples, etc. - and find a way to make the taste like cold ground up papier-mache?  It must be difficult.  It must require a tremendous amount of technical skill.  That must be why your tasteless smoothies are so expensive.
4	Of course Jamba juice joints are good, and this one is no slouch.  The employees here are the best.  I am. Frequent visitor and they know it.  My suggestion is an all Peach fruit drink.  You have to ask for it, but they willMake it...
4	Stopped by here when making a connection to Cancun.Service was quick and efficient. I got an excellent  pomogranate smoothie with blueberries and strawberries, made my flight bearable all the way to Mexico.The only thing I did not like was people meandering through...I know this is in a airport, people are tired and a bit disoriented...I wish they would have a better process which separated people waiting to pick up their drinks, people looking at the menu, and people trying to place an order.It can be a bit chaotic...no big deal because you get a delicious smoothie after all the hassle.
4	Fool of sugar means full of YUMMY!!!  I love Jamba Juice, I get a large cup and drink it all the way home!!!
5	Well what can I say, gotta have my Jamba Juice fix before I get on the plane.Jamba Juice is huge on the west coast.
5	Ever since I got addicted to Jamba Juice, if I see one anywhere I go crazy.  So this makes me sad because for some reason there aren't any in Maryland or Virginia.  How can you go all the way down through Pennsylvania to skip directly to NC????  I was extremely happy that on my birthday weekend I stepped off the plane for my layover in Charlotte, to find a Jamba Juice.  Usually, I get nothing but the Strawberry Surf Rider because it is the best, but this time I tried the seasonal pumpkin smoothie.  It was delicious, but I regretted getting the medium size because it was too sweet to have a lot of.  But if you like "drinking a pumpkin pie" that's the drink for you.
4	Love stopping here when I'm in CLT.  I recently discovered this place in CLT airport.  I was needing lunch, but didn't have time to look around as I was rushing to my flight - like everyone else.  I zoomed by this place and immediately turned around to give it a go.  The girl taking my order was very helpful - she could tell I was having a hard time deciding...there are a ton of options which can be overwhelming.  She asked what kinds of foods/drinks I typcially like and was able to steer me in the right direction.  I got the apples 'n greens with a shot of whey protein.  It was delicious, nutritious, and low calorie.  I plan on stopping by here every time I have a layover in CLT....give it a try!!
2	Meh. I ordered the Acai super-antioxidant smoothie, with the eager anticipation that this would be an action-packed smoothie. But it was bland. Like, really bland. The acai smoothie lists as having acai juice, soy milk, strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and a "power boost". Sounds incredible and amazing, right? And in a 32 oz cup? Bring it on!There is really nothing notable about this smoothie that I can remember. At all. Except a slightly chalky feeling, which probably came from using cheap soy milk (common taste byproduct). I was really sad and disappointed; the only thing that suggested acai was the color purple.I wasn't too impressed by the menu overall, either; most smoothies were strawberry, apple or banana as one of their key ingredients. For paying $5-7 for a smoothie, that's a lot of "filler" fruit and ice. The ladies working the counter were nice and prompt. They also made sure that every little bit of the smoothie in the blender made it to your cup.It is nice to see fresh food choices in CLT, and with its rather central location, I will probably be part for a part deux later on.
5	Yay Jamba Juice! Each time I go to CLT, I get a Jamba Juice. Not only are they delicious, but they're healthy and the staff couldn't be nicer. Let's take you through a typical order.You walk up to the busy Jamba (it's always busy, it's right near D security too), and order off the menu. The staff really couldn't be nicer. On several occasions they've made a little too much smoothie, and they always offer it to you in a small cup for free. Really nice touch. You give them your name and you wait for 1-2 minutes until your smoothie is ready. Now don't be expecting a Smoothie King smoothie, because they're really two different ballparks. One of the smoothies I like at Jamba has half the sugar of my favorite Smoothie King smoothie. Half! Other Jamba smoothies have 1/3 of a Smoothie King's sugar, and even 1/4. It's really a big difference and it makes you feel like you're really eating fruit. Sometimes little fruit pieces are in the smoothie, which I sort of like. It just feels healthier than smoothie king. Rather than have pills for sale like SK, JJ has a fresh orange juice machine and pastries for sale. If you're in CLT, definitely give Jamba a try. Also, sign up for their insiders club and get a small (sixteen size) smoothie for just $2. Jamba on!
5	Oh, my magical Jamba.This location might be a little smaller than usual, but the deliciousness was there. You cannot go wrong with the Citrus Squeeze (no longer on menu board, but they can whip it up for ya!)
5	I love Jamba Juice!! I hadn't been since I lived in NYC for a year in college. I would pass it every day as I headed home, it was awesome. When I discovered it at CLT I was excited since I frequent CLT about once a month to visit the bf. Usually if I am leaving CLT it means I am leaving him so, I tend to drown my sorrows in a Caribbean Passion smoothie (well, and a Cinnabon but, that's besides the point).  I'll be honest, I haven't strayed much from the Caribbean Passion; I use to try other flavors but none of them tasted as good to me! The staff is friendly at this location and gets you your smoothie as quick as they can.
2	Least accommodating jamba juice I've been to. They were out of spirulina - the main greens in the apples and greens smoothie and didn't mention it. When I asked if they could add greens I just confused looks. I suggested adding wheatgrass to make it healthier and they said no way. At $6 for a small smoothie, you'd think they could be a little more accommodating. I am coming from Portland, OR where everyone is super accommodating so maybe I'm expecting too much- but c'mon- an Apples and Greens smoothie with no greens? At least fill me in when I place the order.
4	Jamba Juice in the airport because the best way to avoid "Las Vegas Syndrome" is a good dose of vitamin C with their immunity boost. Hey, maybe it's all a placebo but it seems to work okay for me.Even if you're the only person placing your order, it will take at least four minutes for your beverage to be prepared. So if you're literally running to catch a plane, it might not be the best choice. Though it's certainly faster than just about every other option in the airport.JJ is located at the top of the escalator to the E gates, between the D security station and the D gates. Easy!
3	I enjoy the light menu at Jamba, a small or 16 oz mango is only about 180 calories.
4	I do so like the various Jamba choices, especially the mango-a-go-go, light of course.  The light knocks off about a hundred calories or so.
3	Good assortment of smoothies. Nothing about my smoothie blew me away. I can't find a place with great and healthy smoothies anymore.
4	Speedy service. Standard Jamba goodness.
5	great juice bar
4	Get the extra shots As always this is the place for that extra special "pick me up" and no matter what - I say it's one of the healthiest places I can go too!This location is always busy, but they are quite fast at getting you what you want considering what you are getting and it's always worth the wait.People are normally friendly and the place - at least what there is and what you can see is clean!
4	This place was an unexpected pleasant surprise during my journey through Charlotte Airport. I proudly trekked 1.5 miles between gates for my connecting flight home from AL, at a fast clip. No "mom stroll" this time, I needed to burn a few extra calories! But I sure needed something cool and refreshing for lunch. I chose the Apples n Greens Smoothie, along with the Buffalo Chicken Flatbread. Another surprise was the calorie counts: I didn't blow my lunch allowance, and I enjoyed every slurp and every bite..Even tho the line was long, the servers were friendly and professional. I sure hope I'll be able to find this one again if I am ever in this situation. A bright spot in my airport saga.
3	This is my breakfast spot in CLT!  Love their oatmeal - so tasty. Staff isn't the best - I have seen them get a little to sassy with customers.
4	Had to make a point to get a Jamba, even though my gate was not that close to the Jamba, but there's only one in the airport and I had plenty of time.  The mango a-go-go was the flavor of choice; my usual.
5	Okay, what IS this? Here I go raving about a chain again. I flew through CLT two times last week for work and both times I had me some Jamba. Actually, this airport joint is the first time I've had Jamba, EVER. I'm hooked, man, I'm hooked. I've only ever had the Caribbean Passion (strawberry, peach, mango, passion fruit, and orange sherbet), but I swear to you--it's all the juice that I need. A small only has 230 cals., and it cures what ails you. Both times we stopped by, the crew was working in perfect order. We went from wanting to having in less than five minutes. JJ, I'm a convert! Gimme!
4	Wonderful fresh smoothies, great if you eat all natural. Get your veggies and fruit for the day.
1	I just had a drink made here and I've never had a jamba juice so bad! We already noticed when the were making it, it wasn't blending. She tried two machines t try to blend it and it wasn't blending. She then gave up and put it in a cup. When we got it, it wasn't full. 3/4 of the way, maybe! It was chunky and hard to drink! I haven't had one in a long time like over a year and I was super excited. I should have waited until I got to Vegas. That drink was almost $5 for a small!! Is it just the airport or did Jamba really increase their prices that much! And to top it all off, we ended up dropping the cup. Boo!!!
4	I literally ran to Jamba Juice when I arrived CLT. They are worth the mile run even if the terminals are so apart.Do you ever feel like airport foods are always fast food chain, aka. unhealthy and greasy foods that make you feel terrible afterwards, and then you have to hop on a long flight and feel extra miserable questioning yourself why did you just do that to yourself?Do you feel like you just want something refreshing, uplifting that will get you from one gate to another with hope and extra energy?I got an answer for you - run to Jamba Juice and get their Fruit and Veggie Smoothies - Apples 'n Greens. It has apples, mango and KALE. KALE guys. Apple and kale are probably my favorite combination. I like how they blend the drink - the texture is smooth but the kale still have a bite to it. Yum!This is a MEAL. It's a whopping $6+ for a medium but let me tell you, it is healthy, filling,and also has the veggies servings that you need. I feel so much better, and probably am better too because it helps with my digestive system. (ok TMI but you know what I mean!! :p) Seriously, CLT taught me that I don't have to eat unhealthy foods or feel like crap just because I am traveling. The service here is excellent, too. They know you are in a time crunch and will get it done ASAP. This might be the reason why I would choose going through CLT. They just have the best restaurants ever!
1	The people that work here are dumber than a bag full of hammers....handed them their own frequent buyer stamp card after purchasing ten drinks on prior visits and between four employees they couldn't figure out what kind of discount to provide me on which size drink despite the fact that it says "free 16 ounce drink" right on the card!! Another fine example of solid public education in Charlotte! Know what you want and pay in exact change because chances are pretty good that the person working the register will be too stupid to figure out the change to provide you...
4	Glad to finally get my Jamba on in Charlotte!  After growing accustomed to the delicious and vaguely healthy fruit smoothies from Jamba in the Bay area, I had forgotten about this chain after I moved to NC.  Lo and behold, I'm flying through CLT and what do I spy?!  The brightly colored, deliciously aroma'ed Jamba Juice as an airport option.  I immediately drop all thoughts of an egg mcmuffin and head on to the Jamba counter.  At $5.80 it's not cheap for a smoothie but I figure way more healthy than my other options.  I order up a Caribbean Passion smoothie which takes five or ten minutes.  I get a smooth, flavorful and fruit-packed beverage in a styrofoam cup, makes me feel like I'm back in the Financial District of San Francisco. Flavor-wise it was right on the money so Jamba is still delivering a great taste experience here on the east coast, can you give me a woohoo!?  So thanks Jamba for feeding me some healthy calories this morning.  You are exactly what the doctor ordered and come on up to the RDU Triangle!
4	I enjoy my Jamba and the Charlotte airport has a lot of nice restaurants but in the end you can't beat a Mango a go go in between flights.
2	This is the most consistently badly provisioned Jamba Juice I go to. Better have a second and third choice in mind due to lack of main ingredients.
2	Too many people working but nothing getting done. Took too long for my order. I asked for refund. I'll check in a few days to know if it went through. They gave me another order gratis that they messed up. They were friendly but too slow. Time is of the essence in an airport.
5	The employees at Jamba Juice were the friendliest we have run into all day during our travels. :)
3	Having Jamba Juice is such a luxury that I don't feel right buying their smoothies even while I'm on vacation. But I wanted to quickly buy a healthy drink and not get dehydrated on my plane ride. That's where this store came in, and I'm not even sure the trip was necessary. My drink came up to $7.13 total, which is somewhat expected but still too expensive. The drink was overall quite good but very cold to the point of giving brain freeze. If none of that sounds like it would deter you, go ahead and give this store a try.
4	I love this place. First time going. Excellent fresh made smoothies. Lots of dairy free options. Friendly service. They have a lot of other things like protein bowls and other breakfast items as well. Be warned this particular location can get very busy as it is on a busy corner in the airport
4	excellent service! it was super busy here early in the morning, but the staff was speedy and smiley, and made changes to drinks (according to food allergies) as needed without any protest. they also serve drinks that are not typically on the menu, which is appreciated. great way to sweeten up my layover!
