3	New, but not new. We were here before, but it was a different place.  Still Indian food, but apparently under new management. Upon entering the first thing that was obvious was they were very busy and most of their customers were Indian.  That's a good sign.As with the previous place, the buffet still is very small.  There were perhaps 6 vegetarian items, and 6 "regular" items.  Except that included the desserts.  They didn't even ask if I wanted a menu, they just said to go to the buffet.  I get the feeling they don't like people ordering off the menu.The food itself was good.  The goat curry you wouldn't know it was goat if it wasn't labeled.  It could easily have been beef (but wasn't, for religious reasons, I suspect).  The tikka was good also, and they had a rice dish  that was very tasty.  I think it was labeled as a mushroom rice, although I didn't notice any mushrooms.  But it was very nice.  They also had biryani, and it was good too.  All in all, the food was good.They are a bit pricey.  Just under $10 for the buffet (weekday lunch).  And if I wanted a Coke it would have been extra (though they did have the real-sugar Coke).  When we were done paying the check was very inefficient.  They don't bring it to the table, you go to the register and tell them how many buffets, and then (eventually) get your credit card and run it.  I'm not sure what was going on, but the group in front of me had a conversation with the register person (owner??) that I couldn't understand, and it took a long time before he finally asked me how many buffets I needed to pay for.As I said, the food is pretty good.  But for the price there are better Indian places.  Because of the YELP scale I have to rate one "$" (under $10), but it was just barely under $10.  It seemed pricey to me for a simple lunch buffet.
5	So driving down Elliott I saw this  place  and decided to stop.  We sat down, and the guy was so nice and attentive. We shared the chicken tikka masala. It was sooooo delicious! The service was incredible, and wasn't to pricey. The spices were perfect, not too spicy. I will definitely be back to try their buffet!
5	Have to say this is the best Indian food we have had in Arizona. Service was incredible with a waiter who shared information on different dishes and their ingredients as well as a history of the foods. It is rare that you can eat out and have better food than home cooked! Prices were good considering the excellent quality of ingredients. So worth the visit....ask for James, he is amazing.
5	I'm so happy to have found Aachi! We have been so impressed not only with the quality of food we've had but also the service and company from all the people that work there. James is so nice and so knowledgeable about the food. I've also tried the buffet and is fantastic!!!!!! Great variety, price and the flavors. All dishes are incredible and vegetarian friendly! We will definitely make Aachi our number one stop for South Indian food. We really enjoy eating there and we always feel very appreciated!
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Hey Hey, it's a new Buffet!     :-)Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C., & Jackie C.THE GOOD:*  This place features a comfortable north facing dining room with your choice of booth or table seating.*  There were 27 food items all together (counting salad ingredients separately but not dressings and garnishes), plus hot Indian Tea.  This is a good selection for an Indian Lunch Buffet.*  We were brought Dosas, which are a treat often reserved for dinner & weekends at Indian restaurants.*  The staff was very friendly and appreciative.     :-)YES, THERE WERE A FEW ISSUES:*  They open at 11 AM but weren't ready to go for a few minutes more.  The staff seemed disorganized for them having been open at least 11 days now.  (I've dined at more than one much bigger Buffet where I was their first customer ever and everything was perfect...  China City in Avondale on 11/24/10 for example, with a 125 item presentation and not a flaw to be found with the place!  The same was true of LIn's on Baseline and China Olive in Sun City.)*  Much of the hot food here was out at near room temperature!  This is not ok!  Even 40 minutes later the two soups, for example, were barely warm.     :-(* Speaking of soups, there should have been small Melmac or china bowls for the soupy dishes, not styrofoam cups!  China mugs for the tea would be more appropriate than styrofoam cups, too.     :-|The flavors of the foods were good, and the selection balanced.  They just need to run a tighter ship, so for now it's 3 Stars and Best Wishes for Aachi Southindian Kitchen.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.99
4	Tried this place today just on a whim passing by.  I'm not that much of an Indian food fan but thought I'd try something different.  And, I was quite impressed.  I won't necessarily go back here on every visit to Phoenix, but will go back again at sometime.My only gripe...they cut the chicken into chunks after cooking.  This makes it difficult to eat without getting chunks of bone in your mouth and having to spit out.  Perhaps this is the traditional way though...  It was at least tasty!
4	Been wanting to try this place since it showed up on my yelp! Finally stopped in last nite...so delicious I woke up craving it! The service was also spot on..they were very attentive and the price extremely reasonable. Will for sure be back to try more vegetarian dishes!
5	If you need a high dose of spicy food then Aachi is the spot! Food is tasty to the last drop including the masala-induced coconut chutney and the onion thoku (a kind of chutney).Ordered the Gobi manchurian at level 6 - not so spicy but the cauliflower was nice and crunchy. The chili paneer at level 7 was spicy and the sauciness gave it the delicious taste.Next ordered the Mysore masala dosa with extra spicy chutney giving the deep dark red color. The sambar accompanied by chutneys and the masala dosa was a perfect combo to a perfect South Indian experience. Lastly finished the day with some Madras coffee -- though doesn't come in a steel tumbler -- the taste is impeccable and a great way to finish the meal.Ambience is good and crowd grew stronger at about 8pm. Definitely a must go place and something I hope I come back to again!Can't wait for my Aachi experience -- Round 2!
4	The food is fantastic! I have beem to the lunch buffet many times and love it. I just went for dinner for the first time. The food was woderful as usual and the service is prompt and freindly. However, they were very frugal with the yogurt sauce and mint chutney. Because they do not offer a dinner thali and it's a bit pricey for what you get, I am less apt to return for dinner. It would be ideal if they had a dinner buffet. I will of course continue to visit the lunch buffet. Great food!
5	Food option in lunch buffet was awesome. Chicken suka masala with dosa and idli combination is super..
4	Various delicious dishes for the buffet .. I go to indian buffets often and I have to say Aachi has more choices and better dishes than most
4	Don't complain! The flavors here are bright, vibrant and yes spicy. Like many new Indian places they start out with great flavor, people complain and after a year or two they start serving the same mild mush as everywhere else. So please if you love good flavors and spice go here, otherwise find somewhere else.This place as the name suggest has south Indian food, Which for me means Dosa's and a few new to me menu items.We had a Dosa filled with a spicy gobi (cauliflower), it was delicious and yes spicy. My one gripe is that for the soup and chutneys they just filled up some small bowls from the buffet line that was set out for lunch.We also had an eggplant  curry dish that had a "tangy tamarind and peanut sauce" It was good but I could not taste the peanut.As for the ambiance it is decent, not much different from the last Indian place that was here. Tables Booths cloth napkins and ~ $10+- per dish for dinner and lunch is the obligatory buffet.
4	Having never had true South Indian cuisine - my date opted for this restaurant. (They also have an extensive vegetarian menu). The food was well spiced, portion size OK and the service was OK. The food was the best part. The dining area was well lit and clean. We would recommend this place and will come again.
4	It had a super buffet for a Saturday!  I loved every morsel of it.Keep in mind it's south Indian so it'll be on the spicy side,  But everything has amazingly bold flavors. The staff were so nice, they helped my grown daughter choose her food since she is new to Indian food and doesn't like spicy. I'll definitely be back.Go try it!
5	hidden away in a quiet section of Eliot I found this place. at lunch they have a buffet with  a great selection of food from South India.  it  was  the perfect combination of healthy and tasty cooking.  a little spice but nothing to go  crying about. the  service was nice, very pleasant and didn't get in your way of eating.  overall I fully  enjoyed this place.
5	This meal was outstanding. It's not easy to find quality Indian food in the East valley and this place is definitely quality. Everything from the service to the food was perfect. Yum, definitely check it out if you're in the area.
4	The best chai I have ever had at an Indian restaurant. The chicken tikka masala was really good. They have a wide variety of rice, veggie and meat dishes. The chicken and rice was pretty good to
2	Very bad experience. I went on a Friday 1:30 pm Reception Board says Wait to be Seated but no one helped and thats not the problem. In the Buffet most of the items were empty and it was not re-filled for 30 - 40 mins, I really felt i should not pay full price. My Advice: if you plan to visit this place have plan B so that you go to different place if you see Buffet items are empty. Vada and Dosa were really bad and i really didnt understand how this place is getting good review. I am a south Indian from Tamil Nadu and I really want this Place Grow big and wish them the same.
5	Best Indian food I've ever had! Not greasy at all. Chili Paneer appetizer and chicken masala were great.
4	This is our first South Indian buffet meal, although we've consumed many of the Northern variety. The food was extremely tasty with wonderful spice levels. The chicken biriyani, chicken tikka masala and vindaloo were especially good. The servers were attentive and quickly removed used plates. Several varieties of chutneys and sauces -- all good. Well maintained facility with excellent cleanliness. Recommended!
2	The place was packed which is usually a good sign. I walk back to use the restroom and observe the kitchen staff in tank tops. Uh oh. Then I proceed to the buffet. Limited selection but I dive in anyway.  Head back to my table and one dish is cold. The other is luke warm. No one comes by my table for a good 10 minutes to check in.  This is not a professional restaurant owner. Must be a rookie. I won't be back.
4	The best Indian food I've ever had. Staff was a little passive which is why I gave 4 out of 5. But, this place is definitely worth trying.
1	wow! if you're looking for a third world dining experience,  look no further.  This has to be the most dysfunctional restaurant crew I've ever come across. It's a Thursday night at 8, there's only 3 tables  of customers, I placed a single take out order. After an hour of waiting, the lady  who took the order came over not with a glass of water and an apology but with a bogus excuse of how the printer wasn't working and that's why the order was taking so long. How do I know the excuse was bogus? because she phoned the last guy who picked up his take out order to come back because she had put my order (which had taken forever to prepare due to a broken printer) in with his order. My food had been gone from the restaurant  for 15 minutes with some strange guy. When he brings it back she puts it in a bag and charges me full price. No discount, no free coke, nothing but just wonder about what the strange man could have done to my dish. Horrible service, you can hear the kitchen staff yelling and laughing all the way into the dining room. the food is mediocre,  there are better south Indian restaurants in town with better service. Folks.....leave the third world, don't give a crap attitude back in India. You were ruled by the British for a long time, I'm sure somewhere along the line they taught you about order, let's try to get it together.
1	Aachi used to be awesome. For a while I thought Chandler /Tempe finally got  a decent south Indian restaurant. Recently there has been a change in management. The service is late now, food is terrible. Will be following the old management
4	Very Good food. Perfect South Indian food. Worth for the price in case of buffet.
1	We went to this restaurant for dinner after a long day in a hope to get some delicious South Indian food. Little did we know that this is going to be the worst dinner ever. My husband ordered some Indo Chinese food and the food was nowhere close to be called as Indo  Chinese. The Chicken Manchurian was so undercooked and sweet that he had to add some red peppers chutney to it to make it barely edible. The eggplant curry that I had ordered for myself was equally disliked by us as let alone the bad flavor, the eggplants were so undercooked that they were almost raw. Had hard time cutting an eggplant into small piece. I guess chicken would have been much easier to cut. Just wanted to give this new restaurant a try but was the biggest mistake. We all had stomach ache all night after eating such undercooked, flavorless food. Never going back.
1	I went to this restaurant few weeks back. Food and service was good. I went last night for New year's eve dinner with my son. Service was slow. It took 10 minutes to take the order. Then it took nearly an hour to bring the food. First my food came and then after several reminders , my son's food came. It was burnt. He was even unable to eat half of the burnt dosa. My parotta was not cooked well. It took another 30 minutes and several reminders to get the check. Some people who came  waited for a while and left. The owner doesn't care about the service. It looks like restaurant is under staffed. I will never visit again.
5	I'm trying to comprehend the complaints about this place. It's indian food, it's spicy but amazing.  We come here for their lunch buffet.  Service is good, food is hot and fresh.  Great value.  Give it a try!
