3	I don't know how this Office Depot stays in business. It is huge, with a huge parking lot, and when I went there, there were more people working in the store than shopping in the store, and about 3 cars in a lot capable of holding 100 cars. To fill up the huge space, 2/5 of the floor space was taken up by that cheap-put-it-together-yourself-but-already-done-for-display-purposes office furniture.Nonetheless, they have pretty much whatever you need. And I guess UNLV not being that far away does offer a steady supply of cheap student customers, and the occasional professor working on his latest project. OR someone like me, an out-of-towner-trade-show-exhibitor.. I got 3 orange plastic clipboards to use in a booth at a trade show at the Sands Convention center. $5.99 each. Clear tri-fold brochure holder: $3.99. Clear magazine/brochure size tabletop holder: $6.29. Box of 5 roller tip Pilot pens: $7.99. Charging on company credit card: Priceless. Literally. For me, priceless..
5	maybe my experience here was amazing because my experience at office max was a total fail, but this place was awesome!!!!i walked in, a little irritated because of office max, and the office manager is at the door and greets me. i started walking towards the art supplies [i was looking for graphic tape] and passed another associate who greeted me. maybe a minute later, stopped what he was doing, and asked if i needed help looking for something. YES! and he knew exactly what i was looking for! i grabbed the graphic tape and walked to the register. as i approach the register, i pass another associate, who asks if i found everything i needed today. plus points. i get to the register and the associate is so friendly and in such a great mood, im no longer upset about my past experience at office max. i even signed up for their free rewards program!!!if you ever need office supplies, come to this location!
3	Charging to cut paper is ridiculous. Otherwise friendly
1	closed.
2	These places are so random what you'll actually get as a customer.Today I had the joy to work with THE customer experience manager.  Not only was this guy super high strung but he also yelled at his employees, who were standing a few feet away, while helping me at the copy center.  This behavior is in no way is appropriate, and is incredibly shameful towards his employees.  It also made me feel extremely uncomfortable. He was also very rushed in completing my order and used the wrong paper.  I had asked for glossy not plain.Later I watched one of those yelled at employees deliver a wonderful customer service experience to a lady who had come in to return some boxes at the register next to me.All in all, I kinda got what I needed but was an uncomfortable process...
