5	I took the free class offered and was hooked immediately.  Not only have I lost some weight, but I have gained a ton of confidence and self awareness.  Joining Krav Maga is one of the best things I've ever tried.  Wish I hadn't waited until I was in my 30's.
5	I used to frequent dunkin donuts....while walkin home one night a hobo with a shotgun stole my bear claw.....unable to defend myself....I walked home empty handed....I stopped in to see a class and thought it looked like what I needed in my life!!!  I went in for a FREE trial class and was hooked....I have now lost a few inches (from my waist) and have gained knowledge in self defense....I don't go to dunkin donuts anymore.....but I'm still looking for that hobo with a shotgun.
5	I was visiting the Phoenix area to see my brother and watch a Sharks/Coyotes game. While I was here, I also wanted to find a Krav Maga school so that I can train even when out of the bay area. I found East Valley Krav Maga through the Krav Alliance as a possible place to work out. Two weeks before arriving, I had sent an e-mail to the school explaining that I would be in the area and wanted to know what I had to do to be able to train there while visiting. I received a response the next day from Derrick saying "Come on in 10 minutes before class to fill out the waiver. That's all you need to do."When we got there, we were greeted by Derrick and the young woman at the front desk. Regretfully, I didn't get her name but she was very nice. We filled out the paperwork while waiting for the children's class to finish up. During that time, we talk to Derrick about the school, how long has it been there, number of students, types of classes, etc. He was very open with answering any questions we had.After the children's class, we met the other instructor, Charlie. It was amazing to watch this guy teach these kids Krav... He was extremely patient. From what I saw, it looked like he was herding cats but he managed to keep the class in complete control... very cool.After stretching out, the class started with some warm ups... sit ups, push ups, running, shadow boxing. This went on for about a half an hour. After, it was the defense for a choke from the front. First breaking down the moves then putting it all together and changing partners several times to have a good chance to work. All the students I worked with very friendly and welcoming. We ended the class with a multiple attacker drill.All in all, I found this to be a great school with good, friendly and knowledgeable teachers and would recommend this place to ANYONE who wants to learn to defend themselves. As we were leaving, we were told that we were welcome to train there anytime we are in the area...I plan on taking them up on it. I also plan on telling all the people at my home school in Union City about this place.
4	I punched, choked, got choked, and kneed people for one hour, and boy are my arms tired!  My friend and I were interested in taking a self-defense class, and had heard that Krav Maga is one of the best in that it's more real-world training vs. other martial arts where you practice pretty looking kicks that might not be very practical if you need to defend yourself.  The intro class was $20, and included a 30 minute intro session, 1 hour beginner group session, a free t-shirt, and hand wraps.  Not a bad deal if I may say.  I used to take kenpo, and unfortunately I learned a lot of strikes and moves that don't really apply to self-defense krav-maga style.  So, during the group class a good portion of my time was spent trying to deprogram the way I block and punch.  Also, I tend to have the coordination of a drunk elephant, so some of the group practices were probably pretty entertaining for others watching me practice.  In general, compared to kenpo, krav maga is more instinctual, and based more on defense in-the-moment.  I generally have slow reaction time and it takes me several tries to learn a new move, so it was a little awkward for me during the class, but I do feel like I learned a lot.  The class I went to was fairly large, maybe around 15-18 people, with about 5 women.  They offer classes during different times in the day, on different days, with Saturday classes as well.  They also offer a women's class if you feel more comfortable starting out practicing with other women.Our trainer Charlie and his assistant were very knowledgeable, professional, and provided great instruction.
5	I signed up for Krav Maga about a month and a half before leaving for a solo backpacking trip around Central America. After the umpteenth man questioned whether I'd be safe on my own down there, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Enter: EV Krav Maga.Whether you're looking to learn self defense, get fit, or both, this place kicks some serious ass (and teaches you to kick some as well)! Krav Maga is fantastic because it can be used by anyone, even small females like me. You learn how to utilize your own strengths and use an attacker's strength against them. Plus, it's an all-around amazing workout.East Valley Krav Maga had wonderful, patient, uplifting instructors. They were always willing to help and encourage EVERYONE, not just the MMA fighters. I credit them with making me feel more confident in my ability to take care of myself-- abroad and at home.
5	I've tried a lot of martial arts thoughout my life and all of them have been great. I have a rank in some and have dabled others Tae Kwon Do ,Judo, Japanese Jiu Jitsu, Brazillian Jiu Jitsu, Karate, Boxing, and Wrestling.  I used to be a bouncer/bar tender at night clubs so I needed to know how defend myself or at least how to protect others from a rowdy crowd.  After my shifts I use to walk home with $50 to $500 dollars in my pocket.  One night walking back from work I was jumped in the middle of the street that I though was fairly safe.  Luckily I was sober and able to get out of the situation safely with and all my belonging, but I was followed when I started running from my attacker.  It had been two and a half years since I had any formal training in martial arts, so I hopped on the computer and started watching Human Weapon on YouTube. After 15 different kinds of martial arts I checked out on Human Weapon I knew I had to find a legitamate Krav Maga gym close to me. I walked in to East Valley Krav Maga two days later and was hooked.  This place rocks.  Great workouts, awesome instructors, and of course outstanding self defense techniques.  This place combined everything I was looking for safety, fitness, and the ability to give yourself a chance to fit back if the situation calls for it.  The instructors are not shy, they introduce themselves and take you around to all the other instructors introducing you to them.  They make class very interesting, intense, and HARD, yet safety is a huge issue.  They have classroom rules posted on the wall when you walk in the gym, and remind you to check them out every class so all student are on the same page.I was worried at first I would be walking in to a gym and a bunch of dudes that where training MMA or something like that.  This was not the case, this is a Krav Maga school, you start in the beginners class no matter who you are or what you have trained and have to work your way up.  After almost two years there I realized this is for safety in training purposes.  If I were to just try one of their advanced classes on my first day I may have never gone back.  Their system, gym and instructors are great.  I wish there were showers there just because I like going so much and it's not too close to my new house, that would be my only complaint.  Not enough to not rate them 5 stars.
5	I originally called this place cause i found they were close to my house... I checked out another place in chandler, and it was like walking into a used car lot (pushy sales tactics).  When i found East Valley Krav, i spoke to the owner Derrek on the phone before coming in.. and he talked all about the school, and it sounded like it would be a good fit.. I tried the trial class, and signed up that day after class.. It was not at all what i was expecting, in a good way... I was thinking it would be a bunch of Douchey MMA guys, but its really for everyone. There's men and women young and old.. It was a very comfortable environment. The instructors are awesome! They come around during class to make sure you are understanding what they are teaching.Anyone looking to gain some skill in personal defense and get an awesome workout at the same time.. This is the place for you. It teaches you real life skills... a dirtbag on the street will not fight fair.. Krav will show you how to fight dirty back and win!Definitely check out East Valley Krav Maga. you wont be dissapointed..
5	Absolutely love this place. My wife and I have been wanting to try Krav Maga for over a year and we finally made it in to EVKM last month. We did the first class and signed up for 18 months. It was a ton of fun and very educational. Everyone is really great to work with and it is a serious workout. I lost a bunch of weight a few years ago and have done all sorts of workout programs (Insanity, Tap Out, two a day's at the gym) and this is definitely up there with intensity but since it is fun and you are learning something (that could save your life) the time just flies by.I highly recommend EVKM if you want to learn to defend yourself, if you are CCW or it you just want a killer workout.
