1	This company is a joke. I bought their services off a daily deal site and I was sooo disappointed. The guy showed up in slacks and a bbutton down it was pretty evident he wasnt there to clean. Anyway he was suppossed to be doing up to a four hour clean (that should be pretty thorough in my mind) anyway he walks through the house and says oh no this will be much more money, your floors need mopped, really mopping isnt included in a basic clean, your fans need cleaned, etc. There was a spill from the night before on the kitchen floor I didnt clean because its hard for me because of my health and they were coming the next day. Hes like this is not good, Im like really I will clean the floor real quick and dont do the fans, at that point I wasn't sure what they actually cleaned anymore. So as I proceeded to clean te spot on the floor he walked out. I assumed to get his stuff, nope he just left, I was furious. In the end I found someone who cleaned everything thouroughly for half the cost of what he would have charged normally to do a wipedown. I should also note there were several comments on the weeklyplus message board that they did not call or show up when they were suppossed to.
1	I had Isabel's come clean my house before the holidays, and was very unhappy with the work that they provided. They advertised up to 4 hours of deep cleaning and it looked as if they had spent 10 minutes in my house. When they arrived I agreed to pay and extra $40 to have the baseboards, fans and oven cleaned, and when I returned the only thing that was done was the oven. I called to complain and to ask for a refund for a Weekly Deal I had purchased as a gift for my sister in law, because after the work that they had done, I wouldn't even gift their services to my worst enemy. I sent 3 emails and have never received a return response. PLEASE don't hire this company...spend your money elsewhere.
1	My experience was the same as Karen A.'s. I bought two vouchers through a coupon service, but then was convinced to buy their "deep clean" package (outside of those vouchers - meaning, I still have two left).  It apparently included cleaning the baseboards, oven, microwave, fans, etc.  Basically, they did not even wipe down the counter tops (and especially not behind/under any small appliances or fruit bowl) or bathroom mirrors - much less take out the trashes, make a bed....  I confronted the manager/leader figure about 3 different areas (which I never thought I would do), before I gave up and just wanted them to leave so I could finish the job, and each time, I was told something to the effect of "yeah, yeah, we used a special product on that."  So special, I guess, that it leaves coffee grounds behind on the counter top, from the morning.  It was a huge sink, and I would never call them back - EXCEPT for the fact that I have two vouchers left, and would love for someone other than me/us to clean the house.... I called a few times leaving messages over the course of a week or two, and finally got in touch with someone.  I scheduled a service for a morning a couple of weeks ago, and not only did they not arrive or call that day, but I have not been able to reach them at their phone numbers or gotten a call back in the interim.  Amazing.  I strongly recommend you not support them.
1	I purchased a voucher through BuyWithMe and I am sorely regretting my decision to do so w/r/t this business. I called them last week to schedule a time for them to come in and clean.  They took down all of my information and told me that they would call me back within 24 hours to schedule a cleaning.  They never called me back.  Finally a week later I called them again and explained that I never got a chance to schedule a cleaning and that no one called me back.  The guy told me that he was driving and couldn't get me that information at that time, but that he'll call me back two hours later (not sure where in the world he was driving).  Shockingly, he never called me back.I am just getting really frustrated with this business and they haven't even come in to clean.  Based on the reviews by other customers I am dreading the cleaning process. I think I might have to follow them around the house to make sure the job gets done. Do not support this business unless you have a lot of time to waste.
1	I bought a voucher to use this service and was saving it for next week when my family will be in town.I just went to call and schedule, but their phone number is disconnected!Am I really going to have to spend my Mother's Day doing what I was paying for them to do? SO AGGRAVATED!
1	YIKES!! After reading 4 other reviews about this service I called them and Jill is right, their number is disconnected and so is their web page. I bought a 4-hour cleaning service voucher in December thru BuyWithMe and wanted to use it next week but my email went ignored and now I find their phone number is disconnected. Now what??!! The voucher has since disappeared on my BWM account. I hope I get reimbursed for my initial purchase. I feel like I've been scammed.
