1	They do not do the service that you pay for!  Watch out!  I asked to have oil changed (which includes checking fluids) and a radiator flush.  They charged me for all of it and my brake lights came on the next day.  Come to find out, brake fluid was low and they never did the radiator flush even though I waited there for several hours.  Never again will they get my business for either service nor will I ever buy a car from them!
5	Since I escaped with no charges for repairs to my Cadillac's splash pan the day before, I thought I was on a lucky roll, and might as well bite the bullet and take care of the car my wife regularly drove--a 2002 Mercury Cougar--until it began to make repeated clunking sounds as if an axle or some other key part was about to fall off, even over smooth surfaces.  Filled with apprehension and wonder whether my journey would be successful, I drove the automobile to Findlay Lincoln, the same dealer that resurrected this car from the near dead three years ago when I absent-mindedly drove it over the cement curb of an unnoticed left turning lane in the wrong direction while on a detour, landing at an angle on the other side and bending two wheels and the struts supporting an axle.  Around $3,000 later, Humpty Dumpty was made whole again!  This time I feared another major repair, but was pleased to hear, after a test drive and visual inspection by the service department, that only the front sway bar needed to be replaced.  The clunking noise was the result of instability caused by disintegrated front sway bar bushings.  No needed part was available in the Las Vegas valley, so the car had to stay overnight to be repaired after required parts arrived from other environs the next morning.  I was whisked off in a complimentary van, to be driven home by a man who I soon learned had been on stage as a regular member of Little Anthony and the Imperials, singing tenor and serving as the group's choreographer.  On a pleasant ride home my driver regaled me with true tales of Old Vegas and what it was like to play the lounge at Caesars Palace.Upon reaching home I just coincidentally retrieved from the mailbox a coupon that was good for $20 off any maintenance performed by the dealership.  It was fortuitous timing, and the next day I tendered the coupon to my friendly and helpful service advisor, Doug.  After deduction of Owner Advantage and all other eligible discounts, the price for repairs and an oil change dropped about $150 to just over $250 total.  As I drove the newly washed and once again tightly wound vehicle home in an ebullient mood, without hearing any more audible sounds of clunking, I reflected that the peace of mind and restored faith in the dependability of the car alone were well worth what I ultimately paid for the needed repairs.  I had truly received five-star service.
1	I had gotten approved for a vehicle at their dealership. So me living in Phoenix I fly out there that day to finish signing paperwork. Come to find out they lied the whole time and I was never approved for the loan in the first place . They started off by saying everything is good and I was approved and it was all setup so I hop on a plane to come find out they never got approved for it in the first place. I had terrible customer service and was told it was my fault I flew Out there . I have never felt more screwed in my life. They truly are terrible to deal with and plan on being lied to!!! I will never deal with any of them again.
5	This was my first time for an oil change and tire rotation at Findlay Lincoln.  My appointment was on time, the guys made me feel comfortable and treated me with respect, the price was competitive, and the 2 lounges were nice. I got a custom colorful report with all the inspection details and recommendations. Enough said. The search is over, this place is great!
1	There is nothing fiendly about Findlay Lincoln.  They tryed to bait me with a very good internet deal, when I was coming with the cash told me car was sold a few days prior. OK, it happens.  Saw the same car next day on net, another saleman sez, Sir, I assure you the car is here. I said ok I am on the way with cash. Puts me on hold again like the first salesman, than sez the car is really not there.  But, they have same model , etc, price nearly $3,000 more.  I spoke to sales manager, said was mistake, etc, etc. OK.  Then I get call From Nat Findlay, screams at me , sez I am not a good person, etc, etc. Very strange talk to a customer trying to give you cash for your product.  The car in question is still on the site, as a special. What do you think about this.
5	I unexpectedly had to go car shopping last week and Findlay Lincoln was the first, and last, stop I made. I met with Harry and we took the car for a drive. Harry was a pleasure to deal with and was not pushy like typical salesmen. I took the car home Thursday evening and came back Friday to sign the paperwork. I met Lorin (Internet Director) and he was great to work with. I was in and out within about 2 hours and will do business with them again. If you are looking for a car and a friendly atmosphere, Findlay Lincoln is the place to go.
5	The dreaded car shopping....but much to my surprise, I found working with Findlay Lincoln was quick and painless! Great staff, not pushy and they had a nice inventory of vehicles to choose from for my budget.
1	Salesman tells me about a car the dealership is obtaining. It's supposedly a cherry low mileage Town Car. He actually shows me the car and says once the paperwork is complete I have first dibs on the car. A few days later they call me, tell me the car is for sale and I take a half day off and head out to buy the car cash in hand.Sad tale, the car just sold, but another is coming in, just more money haha. That was the third bad experience with a Findlay Dealership and it will be the last. Findlay Cadillac thinks customers are morons and add all sorts of exhorbitant "doc" fees to pad the price after the deal.  Findlay Honda is pressure city and wants your signature before they provide all the sales forms. Findlay Lincoln has no ethics. Wake up Findlay, there are other dealerships in our valley. I'll drive elsewhere, to another state if I have to, to avoid Findlay dealerships.
5	I am 74 years old and have bought more new/used cars over my lifetime than I can remember.  Every time I look at an "older" model car my wife say's:  "You had one of those, don't you remember?"  Well that lifetime of experience has also introduced me to many new car dealers.  For the most part they a good group of people trying to sell their product.  I found some pleasant exceptions with Findlay Lincoln.  They actually listened more than they talked.  You know, the two ears and only one mouth story.  I found them very easy to do business with.  They are servicing the last two new cars I bought there and I am impressed with their Service Managers and the attitude they bring to the table.  They seem like they actually care about getting your car repaired correctly, the first time, and as quickly as they can.  I trust them and that can be hard to say about anyone who sells or repairs cars.  These are a pretty good bunch of guys.  From my perspective, I recommend you give them a shot.  Jerry LaFavor
5	This is our new dealership...and we are from Bellflower California!!! These guys are awesome! Joe Castro made our purchase so easy! He was true on the telephone and a personable guy...we were purchasing a vehicle that we saw on the internet...he was honest and up front, needless to say he had me at Hello...lol...he had our car waiting for us the very next day. Had waters waiting for us, knowing we had a long drive.   The vechicle was perfect for us and just as he said it was.  Dale and the finance team made the deal happen for us!  It was a great experience and Findlay Lincoln has earned a new loyal customer!  We look forward to growing our business with Findlay all the way from California to Nevada! GO SEE JOE AND THE TEAM AT FINDLAY!!!!
1	I just leased my 4th car from this location. My first three experiences here have been great. The service guys are very good as well. But this time there were so many mishaps it was ridiculous and they have done nothing for service recovery except tell me they fired someone. That does NOT make up the the way they misrepresented Findlay Lincoln and the bill of goods I was told lied to about. Very, very disappointing. I have called and left two messages for Nathan. He lives by my friend and has always said to call him if I needed anything. No returned call. The 3rd time I called I had one of his grunts get the phone and told me he was the one I should speak to. I told him all that happened and he was going to get back to me but that was over three weeks ago. I didn't catch his name but he was not very well versed. All he kept telling me was that the person was fired. That does not take care of the issues at hand. That's my Findlay review. It is too bad since all of my experiences there prior were great.
5	I purchased my Lincoln Town car in 2010 and have serviced my vehicle here.  They are the most wonderful auto dealership I have ever done business with.  They always are so customer service oriented and make you feel at home with no pressure when purchasing a vehicle.   Check them out.  Ask for manager, Silas Walker, excellent, sincere customer service!
