1	DO NOT HIRE THESE THIEVES!!!!!!! The org I was working with hired this firm, stupidly, over and over and our website was totally incomprendible. They nickel and dime you for everything and even gave me a hard time about changing the mispelling of a word. It was one letter that needed to be changed and I was instructed not to speak with them over this. They do sloppy work, they're expensive, and the leaders of the firm are total bs'ers. I hope this review saves groups from getting ripped off in the future.
5	I first worked with Steelcoast Creative on a tight budget to do branding and web site development for a new charity.  Wow, what an amazing job they did for us, treating us like we were their biggest client! Their Creative Director even went to a community event on his own time to take pictures so we did not have to use (and pay for) copyrighted stock photos.  I then engaged them to do branding, web site development, advertisements and various creative pieces for a business I own and another I work for.  One of the web sites had an extremely complicated e-commerce portal.  We were so pleased with every project, from timeliness, to execution, to - most importantly - the creative ability of their Team.  It was refreshing to work with professionals who take the time to get to know your business/organization, and then bring a fresh idea and direction that distinguishes you from the rest of the pack.  Since then, I have referred them to other businesses I consult with and they raved about the people and the results.  I could not recommend the Team at Steelcoast more highly!
5	I work in the aerospace industry and have many vendors/suppliers to our communications department, and I need dependable people in my corner to meet budgets and deadlines. We have a long list for creative services. For me, Steelcoast Creative is at the top of this list for design services. Working with multiple divisions across the country, I need a company that will step-up and deliver. They do! They listen to your needs to solve your design problem! Our communication is built with branding at its core, they adhered to our branding without an issue, and they took the time to understand our brand. I have been using their services for years, mainly on division newsletters. Within a few meetings they understood the scope and quoted competitively. They are not the cheapest out there; I believe you get what you pay for and this team is worth every penny. What mattered to me is that they quote competitively and understand the market they are in, which they do. They do not over-promise and under-deliver, they deliver what they promise when they say they will. Extremely dependable group of creative professionals. I am thoroughly happy with the customer service I receive and would recommend them to anyone in need of creative design solutions.
5	I've collaborated with Steelcoast for the past 3 years on a grassroots, non-profit, environmental-public health effort with a shoestring budget. The staff at Steelcoast have been incredible in their efforts to assist this volunteer organization in everything from web design, branding, vision development, public outreach and public education. Their patience has been greatly appreciated nearly as much as their professional expertise. I'd highly recommend Steelcoast to any NGO that is in need of business outreach and image development.
