4	Well organized and everything was easy to find. I finally got a CVS members card for here the other day. Their sales with the cvs card can actually be pretty good deals sometimes. Its near home, and I especially liked that they had a chase ATM inside.
3	Good service and a friendly staff.  The prices are decent, and even better if you join their shopper's club.
1	HORRIBLE PHARMACY!!! If you are in a hurry or in no mood to wait for your prescription, DO NOT COME HERE! Told me 15 mins and it's been 40. Still counting...
1	Deserves a ZERO!! This is by far the worst pharmacy I've ever dealt with. The drive thru makes you wait up to half an hour and still isn't ready or helpful... Get out and you still wait half and hour at the counter! No one can ever answer any questions and scripts are hardly ever ready when promised... And they aren't busy!
1	OMG if it wasn't for our insurance, we will never fill our prescription here! Time in and time out they make us wait when it's our turn through the drive thru pharmacy. When you look inside the window, most times they weren't even busy with customers! Bad service all around.
1	THE WORST PHARMACY EVER!!! If I could rate this a 0 star I would. This pharmacy is the worst ever. So slow and the staff doesn't seem like they even care. I had to wait for over an hour for a transfer that my other location faxed well over 2 hours ago. I will never come back here again. Next time I will wait til my other pharmacy has the meds on stock - I would rather go there anyways. These people are absolutely ridiculous!!!!! Dreadful service ....
1	I dropped off a script and was told they would send a text when it was ready. 4 hrs later I go pick it up just to find out they never processed it. So while they fill it last minute, I go to purchase soup and get told they are closed! Sick and pissed!
1	This is a review on their pharmacy only. Basically I can't use their pharmacy because I was told they can not take in new clients. I'm a disabled veteran and my medication is prescribed to me from the airforce hospital and the medication lets me have a normal life from my injures I received in the army. I have insurance, tricare prime and I wanted to use their pharmacy because it close by and the pharmacy on base takes quite awhile to get my meds filled.  Yet they can't help me because I'm a new customer. Just great.
1	AWFUL!!!! I chose to go through the drive thru because my baby was sleeping and I didn't want to wake her just to drop off a prescription. When I pulled up to the drive thru, there was 1 car ahead of me and the parking lot to the store was nearly empty. After 15 minutes it was my turn to pull up to the window. I waited another 7 minutes before anyone came to help me. The girl at the window quickly rushes through asking me several questions, then gives me a pick up time for an hour and a half later. 20 minutes before my scheduled pick up time they call to inform me they don't have my medication in stock. WHAT?!?! I asked the lady on the phone why they couldn't tell me this when I dropped it off. Her response "I'm not sure. We normally would tell you when you're here dropping it off." So back to the pharmacy I go to pick up my prescription...after I wake my baby up to load her In the car.
1	Final nail in the coffin today after 4 years of their never having sale items, staff who can't bother to help with anything and just poor service.. Not just with this store but with the chain. Went to put up Halloween lights I bought at one of their stores while I was back east and it's defective. Asked to exchange for the same or a like item turned down. Read on:"All CVS Brand products are satisfaction guaranteed or your money back." That's what it says on the label. bought Halloween lights last year when I was in MD. One whole set doesn't work. Took them to CVS here and was told since they didn't carry them there was nothing they could do. Call customer relations. Since I don't have a receipt from almost a year ago, nothing they will do. That's quite a satisfaction guarantee. Mailing my CVS rewards card back to to home office this afternoon. Walgreens always seems to appreciate my business when I shop there.
