3	Finally, a decent Asian market north of Glendale. There used to be a huge Vietnamese community centered around 19Th ave and Northern.  I wondered where a lot of the businesses had moved to... Well, now I know.  There are a ton of good resources and restaurants north of ASU West and up to the freeway (101) Asiana Market is one of the biggest.This Korean owned market has a good selection of Korean, Vietnamese and Indian foods.  I found a lot of things I have trouble finding elsewhere.    The shelves were packed, and the prices were good.  I bought a good sized bag of wild sweet rice for less than $4. The selection of fish was good, the fish looked very fresh, and it was clean well organized.  I would like to have seen more baked goods.  I couldn't find the kind of fish cake i really wanted, but there were 3 other suitable choices.  I did find 4 things i hadn't expected to find.  The Indian spice aisle was particularly tempting.
4	Great selection of all kind of asian foods. Love how they have everything categorized by ethnicity. Not that it's necessary, but they have two different isles of soy sauces: Korean and Chinese. LOL! This place is fairly clean, great selections and prices. The only thing I have to complain about is their fruit selection...a lot of it were bruised and a bit old, but that's not really a deal breaker.
2	This is close to my house when I need to pick up something in a pinch. like jasmine rice, soy sauce or rice vinegar.Being Thai, I find that they lack alot of Thai ingredients. Mostly pre packaged curries and bottled sauces and thats it. However, they do have lots of Korean and Indian items.The produce section is nice. But no kaffir lime leaves or galangal. Lemon grass shows up every now and then. They do have nice fresh veggies(herbs) like: garlic, chinese chives,beansprouts,thai basil.I have been to the bakery, and I wouldnt reccomend it. The food looks like it's been sitting out awhile and does not look fresh. I do like their skincare isle, you can find Shisheido products here for less straight from Japan. The home goods isle is always fun to browse through. My daughter likes to pick out different types of chopsticks. And they have steamers and rice bowls in all sizes. This place is just an O.K expierence. I would like an Asian market that carries all types of Asian ingredients.  The place doesnt smell bad. Only when you get back by the meat department and see the fish heads does the odor of fish set in. I like the Asian "rap" songs they play while your shopping lol. My kids and I lip sync to it...ok that may be TMI.I prefer to go to Lee Lee, they have more of the things I am looking for. Most items are inexpensive, and the plus side of here vs. Lee Lee : the ramen/pho style packaged soups. They are cheaper here.
3	This is the closest Asian market to Anthem so I go here when needed. Produce section is decent, seafood & meat sections are small and some basic staples can be found. I wish they had a better selection of marrow/soup bones (for my dogs), sashimi and meats. It's mostly a Korean market so if that's what you're after, this place should fit the bill.
3	Not thaaaat bad if you're in the area desperate for your Asian grocery fix. SMELL.. not the greatest, stronger than most Asian food stores, you'll get a good whiff right when you walk inLOOK'n for something? Good luck finding it! The workers barely speak English and look just as confused as you are when searching for something specific. Why are there three different places for SUGAR?!TOUCH your cash, not credit cards because they won't take if if your bill's less than $10.HEAR me out...take your little booty out to Lee Lee's on 75th and Cactus, a much better selection and organized aisles for your Asian needs...
4	This market nicely fills a niche in northwest Phoenix / northeast Glendale, where new housing developments are sprouting like mushrooms but ethnic markets are relatively few. Here you'll find the freshest produce, including those which other supermarkets would not have, such as bittermelon and various Asian greens and fruits. There's a great international - not just Asian - array of dry foods and frozen foods. The "wet" section for meats and seafood is not as big as in other Asian markets, which I find to be one of the few drawbacks for this place.
1	I've consistently found things that were either expired, about to expire, or have their expiration date completely erased with acetone to the point where I stopped shopping here. They profit from buying in bulk near-expired products from LA and flipping it here where competition is near zilch. Though it's closer to my home, I'd rather drive twice the distance to Lee Lee's where the turnover rates are higher and their selection more diverse. Nevertheless, this will not deter me from flying Asiana airlines.
3	Since I moved from San Francisco, I still miss Nijiya, Marukai, Mitsuwa and Chinese markets.  Not enough Asian population in AZ so it is very difficult to find a fresh Asian groceries.  I drive 26 miles from Avondale to come shopping at least once a month.  They carry fresh produce.  I need to be careful about expiration date on certain things like fish cakes.  I'm not sure they check dates and keep eveything fresh.
3	Man I miss the Korean markets in Chicago!  Asiana is the next best thing if your looking for Korean ingredients.  Surprisingly, Asiana has a huge selection of Indian food, which is fantastic for me (once I learn how to cook Indian dishes).  Good selection and variety, okay prepared ban-chan, prices are higher than what I am used to but this will have to do for now.
3	I've now visited this store 3 times and had very mixed experiences.  The first time I visited about 6 months ago, the smell greeting me as I walked in the store was nothing short of putrid.  It was beyond kimchi stench - there was a tinge of rotten meat in the awful odor, so I left. To me, the smell of rotten meat = rotten meat.   I vowed not to go back  However, quite a few friends informed me that my experience was odd and that I should give it another go.  After 3 failed experiences each at Lee Lee's and Paldo, in search of decent galbi chim meat, I decided to give Asiana another try.  The smell was much better on my  2 most recent visits.  Galbi chim and ox tail were in stock for both visits.  yay!  The selection of korean grocery goods is decent.  For Phoenix, this is probably the largest korean grocery store.  It is by no means a Zion market , Super H-mart or Arirang.  The Asian beer selection is very good.  They carry Ichigo beer but the price is about 10% more for Ichigo here compared to Lee Lee's.  The prepared baan-chaan selection is pretty weak.  They do have a small asian bakery counter in the front of the store.  I have not tried any of the breads so I can't comment on the quality of baked goods.   Overall, this does the job if your are in search for Korean groceries.  Still hoping that H-mart will one day make its presence in the valley.
4	This is a pretty good store, for Phoenix anyway.  Good variety of food from Asian cultures, but there's also a good selection of Eastern European goods which brings me to the one product that is alone worth a trip-LEPINA!!The lepina is a Balkan bread, and it is something that I just cannot leave this store without.  Poofy, yeasty, heaven.  You seriously need to try it!!
3	This is a northern Asian supermarket; mostly Korean and Japanese. They have selections catered mostly to this regional culinary style. Although they have aisle for SE Asian spices and sauces, the selections are not as strong as I like. This is not a SE Asian oriented supermarket; for Vietnamese, Khmer, Thai, Lao, even southern Chinese style of cooking. I couldn't find pho noodles the last time I went.I can't assert much about the level and quality of selection for northern Asian foodstuff as I'm not experienced in eating food from this region but I think it is one of the best in town.They have a lot of frozen selection. The produce selection requires careful picking. You can smell the air in this place just like any other major Asian supermarket. What I think hurts this place is that it might not be located near its traditional demographic, (when they first open I always wonder what is it doing here) and the light foot traffic might imply selections don't turnover as they should.  If they customize, narrow the selections and bring in a few fast food sit-in diner, like I've seen in CA,  that may help make it more of a destination..... I always dread the lines going here as there are few checkouts open, and I carry few items, and I'm always behind someone who is happy to pile a cart load. Would I come again; yes if if I'm looking for Korean and Japanese food stuff.
5	Good Asian market with a wide selection of fresh vegetables, seafood. The supermarket also has aisles dedicated to regional food. "Little India" Asiana Market is a virtual substitute for Indian grocery in the North West Phoenix area.  Two or three large aisles are dedicated to Indian grocery items, ready-to-eat food, 'dhals' cereals, rice etc. Five Star for Shopping experience: *  The vegetables and seafood are stocked separately so vegetarians will not 'smell' seafood. *  A large parking lot with ample parking space
2	Let me start by saying that I shop at Asiana Market a lot, so don't let my review deter you from going there. HOWEVER, there are many problems with this place that make me wonder why the Health Inspector hasn't shut it down (maybe because the Health Inspector doesn't understand Korean labeling?) Anyway, if you go into a typical supermarket (Fry's, Safeway, etc), there are expiration dates on everything. Not so in Asiana market. Look at the not-always-so-frozen fish in the frozen fish section...no expiration (and likely sitting there for a couple years from what I can tell). Go to the tofu aisle and pickled vegetable aisle....no expiration on tofu or that pickled eggplant (not in a sealed jar and also sitting there for months). Oh, if you are lucky enough to find an expiration date, it was probably in 2008 (no kidding...I've seen expirations a couple years old). The produce aisle has a wide selection, but given some of the other cleanliness issues I'm not sure I want to eat unpackaged produce handled by people in the back. Oh, I should have talked about their weird return policies (but I'll leave that to you if you still end up going there). Ok, so what do I buy there? Korean and Japanese noodles, spices, Asian alcohol, and rice mostly. That's it anymore.
1	they have a good variety, but the customer service there is meh.Nobody really knows where anything is and you can't get a hold of a clerk.You have to pay cash if you buy less than 10 bucks.Oh, and I found a squished dead ROACH in my food I bought from there.The processed veggie sausages.... 3" ROACH *shudders* all squished with its guts hanging out.I am too traumatized to go back.
4	The basics:Good selection of Korean, Chinese, Japanese and Indian goodsLarge produce departmentSmall-ish seafood counterSmall-ish onsite bakeryThe pros:A nice variety of produce that is typically very fresh and very affordableOodles of noodles!Good selection of Indian goodsBonus!  They carry German/Russian/Eastern European itemsGreat beer, soda and juice varietyGood, cheap Thai chile's!Cons:The entrance can smell like Kim Chi (good if you love kim chi, bad if you don't I suppose)Staff isn't very knowledgeableNot enough Southeast Asian packaged goodsOverall I love Asiana, my wallet loves it even more. I can by some staple items, lunches for the week and enough fresh meat and produce for 2 large weekend meals for under $40.  The only major improvements I would suggest are to add a small restaurant or two and to devise a system to better organize staples, like sugar, rice, flour, etc.  If you're in the Northwest valley I definitely recommend you stop in and review the place yourself.
4	Super H Mart (can you say sushi counter?) still has my heart but good place to pick up your favorite asian/indian foods. Lee Lee's is better for Vietnamese/Chinese products but this is close and inexpensive! Was surprised I could not find waterchesnuts/bamboo shoots...and typical hit or miss produce
4	I was referred here by my Indian friend. I was not expecting anything more than the usual and customary small strip mall store with limited amounts of Korean and / or Indian groceries. When I turned the corner and saw that Asiana Market was huge, I was impressed before I even walked in. This was the most fun shopping I have done in years! I have a very adventurous palate and actually only came to Asiana to get some black tea (so I could recreate this wonderful Indian Boiled tea that Milap had made me. I walked in and noticed a strange smell. My husband, who has been just about everywhere on God's green Earth told me it was very similar to an overseas market in Asia somewhere. He said the smell, look, feel, was bringing back a lot of memories and then we both became like little kids in a candy store. I had not picked up a cart or basket when we walked in, I immeditately asked my hubby to go get a basket. He returned and well, I walked down every single aisle and grabbed things I had only read about, heard about, always wanted to try and couldn't find, and other goodies. Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Polish, German, Indian, Greek, Its all there! I have never been anywhere outside the USA in my life (hoping to change that someday) and this felt like I was in another country, in another realm, and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. I have an inclination for gourmet cooking and have some magnificent exotic recipes that I have yet to make due to my inability to find the ingredients!!! TADA TADA TADA!!!! Guess what I will be doing? SHOPPING AT ASIANA MARKET for all of those ingredients, which THEY HAVE, in order to start my endeavors into more exotic recipes! I cannot wait. The staff was busy, courteous, and not really engaging, unless I asked them for something, but they tried to help and trying is half the battle in my opinion. I will be back again....and again..... and again.... lol. you get my point.
4	Okay once you get over the fact that the place is huge and maybe not the most organized and beautiful supermarket, you will find that Asiana Market carries some fantastic and authentic items from all over the world. I am always looking for a place to purchase European goods like coffee, Cake, Juice, snacks, .... They have all of it and more, plus each country has rows full of groceries to browse and purchase. I am like a kid in a candy store every time I go!If you like to cook with any kind of Maggi product or are looking for Salzstangen this is the place to go :)
2	I have been here 3 times. I always notice that the store's exterior looks dingy and unkempt, and the interiors are cluttery looking and uninviting as well. But this store is supposed to sell ingredients you can't find in other mainstream places around town, so I decided to give it a try.Each time I visit, no one is able to help me find stuff. The second time I visited, I asked where the firm tofu was and the guy didn't know and there was not sufficient staff to find out, so I just left.My third and last visit, I was looking for Kaffir lime leaves to make TomYum soup. Kaffir limes are a staple in Asian and Indian dishes, so you think they would have it, but, they didn't.Hmm...I pressed on, though, wandering the aisles, starting with the produce section, where I did find the galangal root. Frankly, I thought all the produce didn't look very good. I guess I have been spoiled by Whole Foods...this store is cluttered and dimly lit and it's hard to find stuff. Some items that are supposed to be in, say, the spice aisle also appear in the sauce aisle, that sort of thing. It was confusing and my trip for  a few items took me 45 minutes. I left after purchasing a Tom Yum soup base in a jar, some baby bok choy, which looked limp but which I thought could still work in a different soup, some rice vinegar, fish sauce and some cool Miso soup starter in a bottle. They only had two kinds of mushrooms in the produc section and they were kinds I never heard of and didn't look very good, so I stopped by the little Wal-Mart market by my house on the way home and got some there.  I bought a few things, since I was already there, but I won't ever go there again because their stuff wasn't all that fresh or even nice looking, and I will spend my money elsewhere, as decent customer service is important to me. I used to work in a bank and at Dillard's, so I know how crucial courteous, friendly customer service is.On a final note, I bought my own kaffir lime tree online, and will grow my own. I already grow my own lemongrass and Thai chiles.
2	On the search for an Asian market between me in Tempe and friends in Peoria, the Yelp Mobile App pointed me to Asiana Market.My quest was for ground chicken, green papaya, Thai fish sauce, lemongrass, Thai basil, Thai chiles, rice noodles, lime, broccoli, green onion.  It's big...it has items from a variety of nationalities around the world...though I saw not a single person of Asian persuasion during my time in the store...not among employees or customers.  Maybe my timing was off; normally, when I shop an Asian market, I am the exception being USA born.  The produce aisle did not impress me.  It's kind of sad.  The dirt seems to be ground in, even though the fruit and veggies being presented are all in boxes.  Prices on some things (ginger root, papaya and Thai chile) are high, while other things are similar to regular grocery stores.  There were some items (broccoli and greens) that seemed to be bordering on the edge of no longer fresh, while other items (lime and green onion) seem to have been harvested a little early.  The basil looked OK, and it was priced comparable to other Asian markets, but there was no lemongrass.  The produce person said it should come in tomorrow.I went back to the meats, and the selection was not very good.  Ground pork, a few steaks, short ribs, chicken parts (both bone in and boneless), but only 5 or 6 of each out in the refrigerator cases.  I picked up a pack of boneless skinless legs and carried it to the butcher's window, asking if it could be run through a grinder to get a chili grind.  2 butchers behind the counter, nothing being processed at the moment, I figured there would be no difficulty.  I was told that I would need to purchase at least 10 lbs in order to have the butcher run it through a grinder.  I asked about any beef stew meat, and was told that should be in on the delivery tomorrow.  As the price was a bit high and I had no need for 10 lbs, I dropped the chicken and picked up the ground pork (which was frozen).  On to the shelves, which I came to discover were stocked by nationality.  Up and down the "Thai" aisle I went, where I found the rice noodles but no fish sauce.  I cruised other aisles until I finally found the fish sauce from Thailand in the Korean aisle.  It's been 30 minutes so far.  I finished my shopping by picking up a 6-pack of Thai beer.Headed for the registers.  The first one I reached had one person in line, while the other two that were open had 5-6 people each.  I got in the short line only to be advised that the register would be closing after the current customer was rung up.  Off to line number 2, with 5 other people waiting to ring out.  The cashier was having an issue with getting a new receipt roll loaded into the machine.  I waited a minute and then moved to line 3.  6 customers in front, and the cashier was whirling like a dervish, scanning an item, putting it in the bag, scanning the next item, putting it in the bag...it took 20 minutes to get to the front of the line.The cashier looked very young, and I hoped my suspicions that he was under 21 were incorrect.  I put the beer on the belt last, and as soon as he saw it, he told me he could not handle the beer.  He picked up the phone and asked for assistance on the register.  The wait began.The cashier looked around and after about 3 minutes, picked up the phone and called for assistance again.  He had everything except the beer scanned and packed in a bag.  Assistance finally arrived, and the 'over 21' person scanned and bagged my beer.  We completed the transaction and I picked up the bags.  I showed up on a Thursday afternoon, arriving 4:30 PM.  At 5:30 PM, I pulled out of the parking lot and continued to my destination.Maybe it was an off day...maybe my experience is the exception, not the norm.  While the variety of nationality choices is significant, I have to have certain FRESH ingredients to go with the seasonings.  Sincethe butcher was reluctant to help, it motivates me to try other Asian grocers.
4	This market has a much larger selection than a lot of the markets in the valley. I love their selection of ramen soups. The veggies always seem very fresh. I mainly go here to grab some items for a quick ramen lunch though.Be sure you bring cash if you don't plan on spending more than 10$ or you'll be walking out with stuff you don't need just so you can use your credit card.
5	Best for Indian,Better for Korean,Good for European,
4	Looks and smells like the typical Asian supermarket. Nice, but a little dingy.
4	Although I shop at Mekong Supermarket and Lee Lee's, I continue to come to this place because I can find pretty much what I want when I'm looking for ingredients for cooking Asian dishes, even though it's not as big as those other two markets I mentioned. Since I live in northwest Phoenix, this is a great place to go when I don't want make a long trek to the other big Asian supermarkets. Ngo gai (culantro), different herbs and produce, various sauces and condiments including the surprisingly elusive Korean gochujang - when I need it, I find it here. And there's also cooked and ready-to-heat food in case I'm in the mood for Korean food but don't have the motivation to cook at the moment. I got tonight's Korean dinner from their pre-cooked refrigerated food section; a quick re-heat at home was all the prep I needed to do for the delicious but inexpensive feast I had tonight.
1	FUNGUS! MOLD! Expired bottled drink. About to drink it. Moisture and Mold on the inside of the cap!Store manager, Peter Sung, too cheap to replace it with an in-date larger bottle.Bottles were still on the floor as I left the store for anyone to buy.DO NOT SPEND ANY MONEY HERE. FUNGUS! MOLD!
2	Not sure how to go about this review. Asiana Market definitely has quite an extensive selection when it comes to a variety of food items that you can't get in a normal American grocery store. However, I'll just explain my experience and let it speak for itself.I went to the market to get some fish and spices for an Indian fish fry. I went to the fish counter and saw two Asian guys cleaning some fish. They saw me and continued to clean the fish. I stood there for 3 - 4 minutes figuring that they would help me when they had the opportunity. However, when an Asian lady approached the counter, one of them immediately put down his knife and went to help her. I didn't think too much about it... I thought maybe he was helping out the lady first. But when he finished helping her, he immediately turned around and went back to cleaning his fish. I was stunned. And when another Asian guy approached the counter a few seconds later, he put down his knife again and went and approached the other guy.  I interrupted him and demanded that he get me my fish. He did so begrudgingly, and just threw it on the counter and turned around to help the other guy again. I paid, and will never go back.
5	The best Asaian store around. Love the selection. Awesome smoked herring for cheap. Everything is so much cheaper and better than any other Asian store I've been.
3	This is the closest Asian grocery store to me but Idon't come here except when I don't feel like drivingto Lee Lee's or if I am passing by and decide to get a few things I need. I never come here to shop if I need milk, cheese, bread, or butter. I also don't bother with the employees here - either clueless or rude. They have ready-made foods that are convenient and usuallygood at the counter by the fruits and vegetables section right as you enter and turn left. Most of the stuff is decent -seafood pancakes, vegetable pancakes, korean sushi, pumpkinsoup, chap che, Vietnamese spring rolls with shrimp, andsome other random stuff that depends on the day and time youhappen to be there. They have a pretty decent selection of fruits and vegetables. They also have a really big selectionof Eastern European sausages - the type you get in Polish, Russian, Balkan delis. In their liquor section they have anamazing assortment of Eastern European and Asian beers and wines. They have specific aisles full of Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Indian, and Eastern European foods. One thing I findfunny about this place is that even though this is mostly aKorean store and they have a big kim chee section, they almostnever have cucumber (Oi) Kim Chee.
4	Good Asian food market. My wife is Korean so having a good Asian food market definitely helped to ease the transition from her going from Korea to Phoenix. We mostly shop on base for the meats and some other items, but this Asian market shines when you're trying to find Korean ram-en noodles and an assortment of oils, kim, curry and some other items that you don't typically see in US grocery stores and although we don't usually buy it, their meat selection has been good the times that we've been there. Also lots of fresh fish and their veggies are decent and they have the mushrooms (for bean-paste soup) that I can never seem to find anywhere else. They usually have good (but pricey) Asian pears here too - man, I thought those things were expensive in Korea... Overall, I'm happy with this store and we usually make a trip out from Surprise once a month.
4	It has been my go to place for quite some time now.Our staples there are 1) fruit and veggies - great selection and prices.2) Love the thinly sliced sirloin there too.3) Biofeel, which are the little yakult bottles, that are terribly expensive elsewhere, there you get the 36 pack for $5.99 (make sure you get the right ones though, there are also some drinks in the same section that do not have the the yogurt cultures!)4) German foodsApart from the huge selection in Asian and Indian foods, they also have the best priced selection of European foods there.They carry my fav German chocolates (including Kinderschokolade), lots of harder to find German condiments and other goodies. Just to mention a few:  vanillezucker, knorr and dr oetker items that aren't usually easily available here like Kartoffelknoedel Mix, Sauerbraten, Goulash and Rouladen mix, Schaumkuesse, Biskuitboden, Milka, duplo, kinderschokolade, Rittersportschokolade, Yogurette, Marzipankuchen, Haselnusswaffeln, Sahnesteif, Tortenguss, hagebuttenmarmelade, German soups, German puddings, teas and baby food even etcI also get a great deal of specialty diet ingredients there at a much better price than in health food stores and supermarkets. Same goes for larger packages of spices or bulk rice and grains.They also have a fair few of polish, Hungarian, Russian goodies there!The draw backs are the smell that hits you when you enter the store, you have to watch out for expiration dates and a lot of the packaging is often the original language without translation. So if you need ingredients/ instructions or nutritional values in English you might run into trouble.Sometimes the frozen food isn't all that well packaged and you get ice crystals and freezer burn, especially on the packages in the open freezers that sit on top. For the reasons above there are some things I would be reluctant to buy there, however, there is enough great stuff for me to be ok with ignoring the rest!Having said that though, recently it seems they have made a real effort to be more diligent about their expiry dates and in general about the organization and cleanliness of the store, so things have been a lot better on that front!All in all we love to shop there! It helps that we don't live far from them too :)
1	I have been a regular customer to this market until today, I decided I will never step in it again.I was OK with the bad smell, the shelf sorting, because of the good variate in the market.After 90 minutes of shopping me and my wife had my cart full of items worth more than 200$, and I was shopping in the frozen items, then I asked an employee about an item, but he replayed: "I will never help you!!" I thought he wasn't a native speaker and he miss spoke, and I asked what? He said you are troughing my items around! For that you dont deserve to be helped!! Then he claimed that I looked on an item and put it on the item next to it by mistake! But I didn't touch the item he spoke about!I told him that and told him that as an employee it is not your job to judge me but to serve me! Then he replayied "I am not your mother"!!I got pissed off and asked for the manger, and the manger came and rather than to apologize to me, he apologized to the employee!! And talked to me like it was my fault!! For that I decided to give them my cart as it is and left the store! My wife hated it, and we couldn't figure out the real reason behind his disrespectful behavior!!
4	This store is decent, but I prefer (like someone also mentioned) the one on Dobson. The staff here is not friendly or helpful (appears to mostly be teens).The selection is great and the prices aren't bad. It certainly isn't like the Korean markets back in Cali, but it will do. I'll still go to the one on Dobson before I'll take the trip to go here though, despite the greater selection. The customer service over there is phenomenal.
4	I have been Jonesing for some Kimchee and was going to order it on-line. My wife (Carol) said she would pick me up some at Asiana Market on Union Hills near our house.I wasn't with my wife when she picked up the Kimchee so I have no idea what the market is like. By the way for those not in the know -Kimchee is a traditional fermented Korean side dish usually made with a variety of seasonings that is allowed to ferment underground in jars for months at a time. It is Korea's national dish, with a main vegetable ingredient such as napa cabbage.Frankly I was doubtful the Kimchee would be as good as I have got at some Korean restaurants, especially coming from a market. It definitely wasn't as "strong" as I like it or have tasted before. However their Kim Chi far exceeded my expectations. It was amazingly delicious. The Kimchi is ctually better than what you can get in most restaurants and not all that expensive.While at the market Carol also got some Sushi that was pre-packaged. All the package said was "Koren Sushi" so I have no idea what kind of Suchi it was.Whatever it was it was interesting, tasty, different and unique, nothing that I've seen or tried before and I love Sushi. Lets just say I was pleasantly surprised. Not the best out there. However, it is definitely better than average (at least from what I've had in the past year) . Remember this is from a market not a Sushi restaurant.  I want to check out this place for myself so I will be going there in the near future.
4	I've shopped this location through the last few renditions, (ABCO, Sun Market) and now Asiana Market.  They've really cleaned it up over the last year and it's a solid place to go for a variety of import foods from the Orient, Middle East, and the Mediterranian.  Produce is incredibly inexpensive with hard-to-find items.
2	Go to Lee Lee's or Mekong. It is worth the drive. I have been here several times in the past and apparently forgot what I was getting into again. Remembered walking out once before after the fact.Inside looked like a hurricane just hit and took out most of the aisles. The floors and some of the meat cases were filthy. I've seen and been in a few hurricanes when I lived in Houston as a kid in the 70's and this was scary. You could barely maneuver with all the stuff piled up everywhere and in the way.Just needed a couple items to complete my ingredients for a tasty Schezuan dinner and did not want to drive all the way down to Chandler - Mesa area. All I wanted was some Schezuan Pepper Corns and some Hot Bean Paste which they did not have. Did manage to score on some Pickled Peppers. Make sure and check the dates. Some items that I looked at were out of date by a few months. The produce also looked a little withered and no longer what I call fresh.Service is poor to say the least. The food manger just looked at me like I was from Mars and seemed confused when I ask him for assistance. It took me almost 20 minutes to get to the checkout counter. Once there, the bag dudes proceeded to make silly comments about the customers leaving and the cashier on the other hand could not keep her fingers out of her facial orifices. Maybe it was just an off day ... Dim Sum anyone?
4	Great place to go if you want to try something new and tasty.  They have products from all Asian Countries.  I went there this time to look for some "Chia Cola", thought for sure they would have some..they did not so my search continues!!!!  I did however buy a few others items as always.
5	This is where I go when my gigantic jar of kimchi runs low.  It's where I get my rice, umeboshi, spices for chai, noodles and something from the deli counter I can eat in the car!  I'm impresed by the Eastern European foods they carry.  Recently, I accidentally left my wallet at home (12 miles away) and the cashier was gracious enough to put the cart in cold storage, she rang it up while I was gone and then was apologetic to me!  Sweet!
4	One of the better international markets in 85308.Awesome beer and liquor selection. They offer Georgian wines, Russian beer, Armenian mineral water, lots of Eastern European sweet, everything Asians, and fresh meat and fish. Also, lots of Indian foods and desserts. The only reason I can't give them a 5 star is because the produce is not that fresh. They can work on making it better.
3	Compared to other near-by Asian markets like "Lee Lee's" and "LF Market Oriental & Seafood" this one is less expensive, however the service is less adequate as well. It balances out I suppose. What I especially like here is the wide variety in almost every area. The product selection is far from limited. I usually come here for Middle Eastern and Eastern European items but there's also Southeastern Asian and other Coastal/Oceaniac Asian items too. It caries plenty of items from many regions. I personally buy Middle Eastern (Lebanese) and Eastern European (Bulgarian) cheese which can be found in the produce area. As well as biscuits and chocolate from Eastern Europe (Croatian & Polish) as well as Western (German & Austrian). Even if you don't usually shop at Asian markets, just take a look around, something will catch your fancy. And that is a promise. I always find something new there each time I visit. Like last time I found a new product they carry, Latvian ice cream! And guess what? It was DELICIOUS.
4	I did not expect this store to carry indian grocery in such variety. I was disappointed after my visit to other Indian stores in AZ, this one is definitely on par with stores in California or New Jersey
4	I shopped veggies and indian grocery here. Pretty decent collection of indian groceries and prices are decent as well. I found veggies to be pricey.
5	great.. if u missed to ge tany food item from india, u can come here ;) get everything
