5	Look no further for real Puerto Rican food in AZ!We've been here just shy of 2 yrs, and as my husband said, it's the best food we've had since leaving the east coast.now we're biased...this food is a total trip home. Real latino food..wonderful prices. I am still flabbergasted at how much I loved loved loved this place!The couple of places out here with caribbean or non-mexican latino food-in my humble opinion, are ridiculously overpriced. It hasn't stopped me from trying new places, but this place is a gem!I had the bistec encebollado with white rice and RED beans..RED BEANS!!!Here, in AZ, red beans!!!! yeeaaahhh!!!My husband had the pernil with arroz con gandules, which made us feel like we were back in NJ all over again.If you're looking for a fancy dining room..forget it! A few tables in this simple but very homey little mom & pop joint.The tostones are just like my family makes them..so I cleaned my plate..I left no crumb, no morsel on my plate.AND on top of the fantastic food, there was some great salsa music playing on the little stereo system, which honestly I havn't heard since we boarded flight out west. Do no radio stations in Phoenix play Salsa?!Anyway..get your little behinds into el coquito...it's THE best in Puerto Rican food in the state.It's definitely our new favorite place!
5	Phoenix desperately needed traditional good Puerto Rican food.These two came about six months ago and delivered.And... holy cow.I was transported right back to Quebradillas, PR a few years ago when visiting my partner's family. (she was born and raised on the island)This is GOOD stuff.  The cafe is very traditional, playing salsa music with a few little tables and some gorgeous photography from San Juan on the walls (that are for sale, if anybody is interested.)They have coquito (unleaded, but you can bring your own rum for a charge) and other imported malt beverages.  Feel free to bring your beer, your wine, your hard liquor... you will just have to pay a fee to drink them in there.Today, my partner had the mofongo... oh... and it was excellent. :)I had the pernil con gandules, which is pork with a certain type of pea with rice.Those who fear spicy... you don't get that with puerto rican food.  You get spices that enhance your taste experience, not spicy at all.This is a GREAT place!
5	So I FINALLY made it down to El Coquito. I drove all the way out from Surprise.... and I was NOT disappointed.The food at El Coquito is sooooo good!! It's got a very homemade taste to it. I had the pernil and my wife had mofongo. We both shared with each other. We even had to get some food to go because it was so good and we live so far. And I washed it down with some ice cold CoCo Rico... mmmm... Next time, I'm getting the guanabana.I've got family in both NYC and Puerto Rico and the food here is by far the closest I have ever gotten to my family's home cooking. If I lived closer, I'd eat here at least once a week!The only thing I missed was that they were all out of alcapurrias when I went... and the server said once they run out for the day, they wont have anymore, which is a little disappointing, but it IS a little mom n pop restaurant so I understand. Overall, I'm VERY satisfied with the friendly service and comfortable atmosphere. I WILL be back soon!
5	I'm a New York Rican. There are very few places that I can say have satisfied my taste regarding the food I grew up on. Up to a couple of weeks ago they were all located on the East Coast. Mainly NYC on the East coast, Division street in Chicago and the beautiful Island of Puerto Rico (not Porto Rico). I am soooo happy to say that this little mom and pop place in Scottsdale is a blessing for our Puerto Rican based palate. Everything on that menu is yummy. Much care is taken in its prep and the service is great. Did I already mention that the food is yummy? As for the ambiance the only thing I can say is "dito" (short for bendito). But who the heck cares. Oyeme, te dije que la comida esta yummy. If you are a PR or PR wannabe you gotta eat here and support this business. Hey remember, Good Food-Good Service-GOOD TIP. Dont make that waitress give you a chancletazo.Buen provecho.PS: heard there might be live Salsa music coming. Get ready to bust a move.
5	I've read reviews on Yelp for awhile now, but never felt inspired to sign-up and write a review until I went here.  I lived in Puerto Rico for about a year and have tried in vain to find an authentic Rican restaurant in the valley for years.  Most of what I have found are fairly pricey mediocre Latin & Caribbean fusion type places (e.g. Fuego Bistro in Phoenix).Just looking at the menu and you know it's authentic: plantain fries, empanadas, mofongo, tembleque, etc.   I chose the steak and onions served with rice and beans and it was ridiculously good.  Reminded me of the same dish I would always get from the local place (El Jibarito) down the street from me when I lived in Old San Juan.  I finished off the meal with some excellent tembleque for dessert.I have only been here once, but will definitely return.  Next time I'm getting the mofongo and I know I will not be disappointed.(Oh yeah, they don't have a liquor license, but you can B.Y.O. Bacardi, Medalla, Don Q, etc!)
4	This place is delicious.  I'm not Puerto Rican, but I've had home cooked Puerto Rican food in New York, and I've always been a fan.  And as far as Puerto Rican food is concerned, this is excellent. I had the Canu and Arroz con Gandules, and they were delectable.  The Canu is a sweet plantain stuffed with flavorful ground beef and melted cheese.  Hard to find something like that!The reason I'm only giving this wonderful place only four stars is because (a) I had to spend almost $15 before being satisfied (the profile here shows it as $, when it should clearly be $$), and (b) there were no fountain beverages, only water and bottled/canned drinks.  It was worth it, however, and I will certainly be back.
2	I dined at El Coquito on a Friday evening (2/12/10) and ordered the Penril (Roast Pork) and a Mango Smoothie. The server was very friendly and helpful. I was very excited to try this small family run place out since I've had good experiences with Puerto Rican restaurants in Chicago. The meal was served with a few generous slices of roast pork on top of a huge bed of white rice and black beans. The pork was a little tough and not tender and juicy. The taste of the food was medicore at best. The mango smoothie was probably the worst smoothie I ever had. After a few sips of the smoothie, it just became a huge blob of orange (no actual pieces of mango were spotted)  that would not go through the straw. I didn't bother trying to finish it since it was so meh. I probably will not go back to this restaurant.
4	Me encantan Puerto Rican food... and this place hits the spot. During my college internship in Florida, I fell madly in love with a Puerto Rican and was introduced to the soulful cuisine of the island.  Since then, I've trimmed the fat (literally, the overweight ex-lover) and kept my infatuation with the cooking.My modest attempts to prepare traditional dishes at home are now moot since El Coquito does it so well. The affordable mom-n-pop joint offers all the favorites, earning a loyal following of transplanted New York Puerto Rican families and wannabe borincanos like myself.Important: This is a BYOB spot. You must prepare accordingly.(See an illustration of the "Rum Purse" at http://bit.ly/aBH6oT)If you're a true foodie, you already carry a stylish "Rum Purse," pictured above. Any brown paper bag will do. Simply stock it with your favorite bottles of rum and carry it anywhere you go. The Rum Purse guarantees instant popularity in any situation, especially at a Puerto Rican restaurant that serves a signature "virgin" coconut cocktail (The Coquito) that begs to be bathed in liquor.If you're lucky (like we were), the server will have a freshly inked tattoo exposed on her back. The sight of an exposed open wound might be a bit much, but trust me, the food is worth the damage to your eyes.Once your rods and cones have recovered, you're in for a regional treat. One could munch on the appetizers of plantains, cod fritters and pastelillos (empanadas) alone. But then you'd miss out on family favorites including roast pork (my fave), marinated steak strips and pollo guisado. Pick your choice of rice plus pigeon peas, pink beans or black beans.DO: Order the Coquito virgin cocktail and spice it up with the contents of your "Rum Purse."DON'T: Let the sometimes slow service distract you from the worthwhile food. It's really that good.DO: Mention that you love the Yankees! The owners are Puerto Rican NY'rs love the Yankees.DON'T: Utter the word "Mets."DO: Take a moment to peek in the window of Bennies Back Alley Barbershop next door. It's the Taj Mahal of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia. (very bizarre)DO: Visit El Coquito often. Just ignore the Lisa Frank tattoos.
2	Disappointing. Overpriced.  Very much overpriced.I'm from Chicago and I've been out here since 2008 and have had a very hard time finding PR food.  I attended the PR festival where I was able to learn there are a lot more PRs in AZ than expected!!! So I was grateful when I tasted the food of El Coquito and kept their business card.  My husband & I made a special trip over there cause I was craving an alcapurria.  When we got there, there weren't any alcapurrias even though the sign says "Food Made Fresh, please be patient". We ordered a papa relleno instead. We also ordered steak jibaritos, which we learned didnt come with rice, so we got a side or rice and an order of tostones.  Our bill came out to $32!!!! When we got home to eat, our meal was not what we were expecting for $32. Our jibaritos were made with strips of ribeye (I think), as opposed to what we're used to: skirt steak (cheaper for the biz fyi).  White cheese used, instead of yellow. But they were good, I can attest to that much. The papa relleno was excellent, no issues there.  The tostones were great, no issues there.  The rice...did not taste fresh and could've used more flavor, maybe more sofrito, or just a bit more adobo. The price of  a side of rice was not listed so I dont know how much they charged us for that. Just to compare though, In Chicago, the Jibaritos come with rice and they have steak, chicken, and pork; here, they have steak and pork only. The alcapurrias and papa rellenos are $1-$2, not $3.99/ea. A side of rice would be no more than $2. Overall, will I go there again? Maybe for appetizers, but probably not a meal. The prices are just too high. I will save my cravings for Chicago or Puerto Rico.
4	Pasteles almost as good as my great grandma used to make..and the chicken mofongo was super tasty, not overly filling and a total treat after hiking Camelback. Love how this place is so mom & pop...authentic and delicious. Had I known it was BYO-Bacardi at the time...damn!
5	Buen provecho! El Coquito serves authentic Puerto Rican Food. As an exiled Nuyorican, finding good cocina criollo in the valley is tough. But Chef Jaime's food tasted just like it came from my queleles kitchen. I (with a group) sampled the tostones, maduros, alcapurias, pastelillos, pernil, arroz con gandules, habituelas rosadas, puerco frito, bacalaitos, canu, and mofongo. All were excellent, but when I go back I'm getting the alcapurias and mofongo.Great Food. PLUS, Jaime, the chef, is an expatriate New Yorker and die hard Yankees (and Roberto Clamente, of course) fan.I'm going back. Very soon. See you there!
4	This is the place where I had my first bacalo :) (cod) and it tastes MARVELOUS!!! we went with a group of CSrs and owner and wife made sure we had a good attention. Everybody was satisfied with all the flavors and portions.What you should order is the Pork Mofongo!! and for desert the tembleque!!
5	This place is the real deal. I dated a Rican who's mother cooked all the traditional dishes. Every sunday I would go to her parents house and get my grub on and absolutely loved the food. When that ended obviously I was cut off from mom's cooking. I started to really jones for it. I seriously considered calling her behind my ex's back to see if I could just get a plate of rice and beans. Thankfully I heard about El Coquito just before it got ugly. The mofongo here is so good as is the roast pork. All of the appetizers are fried and that's a good thing trust me. For me it's all about the rice and beans though. Puerto Rican is carribean soul food that gives me comfort and makes me happy. Thankfully El Coquito is right around the corner from my house and is as good as it is. Definitely five stars for the delicious home cooked food coming out of their kitchen.
4	I have never really had much Puerto Rican food so I'm not sure how much of an authority I am to speak on this... but who cares.  I'm doing it anyway cause this place and the meal I had was damm good.Had Pan fried Pork Chops with grilled onions and the yellow rice with beans.. The more I ate the more I realized how damm good this meal was.  Also it helps that there is a huge flat screen that plays videos of Puerto Rican recording artists, and most of the videos features the bundas of some fine women...  Great Place.
1	My husband and I went to this place a few months ago with high hopes of finally finding a good PR place to eat in the valley.  My husband, who was born and raised in PR was so disappointed with the food at this restaurant he left angry.  The owner was there and he was a nice enough guy, very hospitable, but it was evident from the dishes we ordered that the chef was not puerto rican. My husband said, this tastes like bad Nuyorican food.  A puerto rican friend of ours who recently moved here from the island also tried this place and had the exact same experience. K-rico used to serve the best local puerto rican food - but sadly, they seem to be out of business.  I heard a rumor that there is a new puerto rican place that opened called "El Jibarito" but I've yet to find out where it is.
4	I have been to Puerto Rico a couple of times and I lived in Ecuador while I was a lot younger, so I crave plantains more often than my hips want to know.  My husband and I decided to check this place out.  It is solid, I had the pernil (roast pork), which was really good, very well seasoned and of course I had to have "tostones" and "maduros".  Same plantain, one ripe the other green.  I have a weakness for them.  My husband had the shrimp al mojo with the arroz con gandules.  I had a taste and it was very good.  I want to come back to taste the mofongo.  This is a place where you go to get home cooked style food.  I am glad we checked this place out.
5	Just when I thought that I had found the best Puerto Rican food in the Phoenix area at Safrita in Fountain Hills, I wandered in to El Coquito in Phoenix two days later.  Safrita is a Mercedes-Benz of Puerto Rican food, but El Coquito is a Rolls Royce!  I split an order of mofongo topped with chicken and for my main course I had bistec encebollado (tender beef steak) and orroz blanco con habichuela (white rice with beans).  This was home cooking at its best!  Coquito is nothing fancy, but the focus here is on the Puerto Rican cuisine.  I am eager to have the flan for dessert on a future visit.  My only regret is that I am limited to just five stars, otherwise I would give Coquito more!
4	I'm definitely torn with this review. Recently I watched episodes of No Reservations and Bizarre Foods. They were both in Puerto Rico and they both showcased Mofongo and I became intrigued. With the help of yelp I succeeded in finding a Puerto Rican restaurant. I ordered the Pork Mofongo, with a side of yellow rice and pigeon peas. Man was it a big plate of food. I tried the pork first, and it was divine. Next was the thing I specifically came here for,...the Mofongo. It tasted really, really good, although I think the plantains could have been fried just a bit longer. The same deal was with the rice. If it was cooked just a minute or two longer it would've been perfect! What I really enjoyed was I have never had any of these types of flavors before, and it was fantastic! As far as the ambiance of the restaurant, it lacks in that department. It's located in a run down tiny strip mall, and the inside of the restaurant is really bland. Only 9 tables in the entire place!! And what video footage I have seen on PR, this seems accurate. What I will give credit to is the amount of pictures they had on the walls of PR showcasing their homeland. If you have never had Puerto Rican food before definitely take a trip here. I most likely would've given the food a five star rating, but since this was the only time I have tried Mofongo, I can't base it on anyone Else's. But I will say this. I will be back at El Coquito to try the rest of their menu!
4	WOW!! Ever since going to the beautiful island of Puerto Rico, I just fell in love with the FOOD! Thankfully, I found El Coquito!! The food was so delicious! I had Chicharrones de Pollo (Puerto Rican Fried Chicken), rice and beans, with Tostones (Fried Plantains) as an appetizer.....DA BOMB! I would recommend this place....minus the lack of decor to anyone!
4	Well a few hundred yards away from my home I saw a sign at the intersection announcing a new Puerto Rican restaurant. I figured it was probably in that strip mall I have ignored for the past 25 years that I have lived in the neighbourhood. I was right. It is right behind the 7Eleven on the corner and the parking lot was almost completely filled. So was the restaurant, with a late (2pm) lunch crowd who were almost all boriquas.This was indeed a hole-in-the-wall and when it comes to ethnic foods, thhis is exactly how I like it. When the place is too fancy (outside of a fancy neighbourhood), I always think they are trying to hide sub-standard meals behind expensive decour. Minimalist just as you would find on the Condado, Old San Juan or Rio Piedras.I ordered Tostones al mojo (Freid Green Plantains with a side of garlic sauce) , Yuca al Mojo de Ajo (Cassava sauteed in garlic), Pernil (roasted pork) served with a salad and arroz con gandules (yellow rice with pigeon peas) with a glass of Coquito Unleaded ) a tradicioonal coconut drink).I was not disappointed. The servings were abundant and everything was delicious. The shredded pork was tender and moist and the rice was just right. The Coquito Unleaded however, was diabetes in a glass over ice and that, can be fatal to a diabetic like myself but, since it was so tasty, I asked for a glass of water which I used to dilute it as I drank. I had no room left for the flan which I had hoped to try and ended up getting a carry out container for lots of left-overs. I am so glad to have discovered some caribbean food in the hood. Even if is not jamaican, it's close enough in seasonings and ingredients that it will suffice for me during those moments when I am in need of some comfort food.
3	not great,I've been to Puerto Rico and this is not a sample of what you will taste...gosh Puerto Rico has some of the BEST cooking you have ever tasted....but not here durring week.maybe if you partake in the great Sunday night specials this is great? but during the week very average for anypalaceNot awful .......but not really good either. Food was very plain salad was out of a bag meat on sandwich was very average like from anyones house. Meaning not bad...but not not great.
3	Imagine craving good Italian food. Now imagine a convenience store frozen microwaveable lasagna. Not quite the same thing is it?El Coquito is a nice little hole in the wall place with the potential to serve up some good eats. It's got a good menu, a good vibe and wonderful wait staff.Unfortunately, all the food was just a bit off.The Arroz con Gandules was dry and weak on taste.The Carnitas Frita were flavorful (if dry), once you got through the charred exterior. The Mofongo was dry, didn't contain much pork, and was served with the beef topping on the side. The beef topping was essentially a stew, not bad tasting - but not inspiring.Each main dish had a small salad on the plate. It was a waste of space, I would rather they had provided additional main or other accompaniment. Tomato, lettuce, and dressing just didn't add anything.The Tostones al mojo were the opposite of the Carnitas, not cooked all the way through. They were fried, but had little in the way of crispiness. The garlic dip was really good.The pastelillo con pollo was a tasty but diminutive packet pastry.The Flan was very good, but it was a half portion - very small.None of the food was really bad, it was all just a bit underwhelming.I'll be back, but hoping for better.
3	Decent mofongo.  The plantain part was moist, and mashed well with the pork cracklings.  There was a hint of garlic, and I might have liked to taste a little more garlic flavor.  I had it with pork ($8.99), and it was served next to the plantain rather than on top with sauce, like I have had in the past.  The pork was tender and shredded, but a bit too salty for my tastes.  The portions are pretty big, and I only finished about half my meal for lunch.  The drink I had was very unique and rich.  The Coquito unleaded ($2.50) is a thick coconut drink mixed with cinnamon and is a mix of sugary sweet and tangy flavor.
4	Warning: Do not attempt to eat this on a day you are watching your diet. However, everyone needs an off day don't they?I went years before realizing El Coquito was within walking distance of my office. And it didn't take more than a few days before we were dying to try it once we found out. El Coquito is kinda tucked away in an old plaza off of McDowell on Granite Reef. The inside has a nice homey feel to it. Various tables of different sizes, pictures on the wall, a TV playing some good ol' futbol. We arrived 5 minutes before the website said they open, and we weren't even the first ones there. Fair warning, that you may want to give yourself time as the place is small and appears to fill up fast.Be assured though, that the service is still top notch. We were greeted promptly and our food came quickly and just as ordered. I ordered the mofongo with pork and an unleaded coquito. And for the half hour I sat and savored that meal, I was completely overcome with bliss. The textures were great, everything was the right consistency and temperature and the flavors were amazing. Be prepared for the high garlic content, especially if you use the extra garlic that comes on the side, which I did. May want to wait while before smooching anyone. Highly recommended, and a place I know I will be back to on various occasions. For those wanting to go with a group of friends or coworkers, splitting the bill was no issue.
4	The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is due to it's lack of consistency. I've eaten here 7 times.First three times, STELLAR. Soooooooooo good.Next two were take out. The pork was charred black and almost not edible. The second take out they just completely forgot to add the salad.Sixth time, AMAZING.So for my seventh time I decided to take my wife. She's pretty picky so I usually like to vet places for her before bringing her. We arrived at 8:15pm, were seated immediately and waited OVER 1HR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES for our food. Apparently they ran out of shit or something, I don't know, nor do I care. They gave us free apps and took a substantial part off of our bill, so I forgive them.Try it, hopefully you'll be there on a good day because when t's good, IT'S GOOD.
2	Been sitting for 45 min and still no sight of the expensive food!
3	I've lived here for 3 years now and this is the only Puerto Rican Restaurant in Arizona.  I think they are over priced although the food is good.  I've only been there once and it was around 6pm and they were running out of food.  I would go back to see how much they have changed since when I went they had just opened their business.
4	Great little restaurant! The venue is very casual and the food is really good.
5	Holy shit... this place has been right down the street from me for nearly a year and I am just now discovering it?!? El Coquito is a hidden little gem. One of the very few Puerto Rican joints in the Valley. It's a real authentic hole-in-the-wall too. You could drive past it 100 times and not know it was there or that it was good. Don't be scared - just go inside. It's cozy inside - like you're stepping into someone's house (though unlike some tiny restaurants in Central Phoenix, this one isn't a converted house). Quaint and eclectic decor that's thoughtfully placed and somehow cohesive gives the feeling of being transported to another country. The contents certainly don't match the cover. I love that this place is so close to me, but it's a bit of an unfortunate location.The owner is super nice and friendly - which is really refreshing in this town. I can't blame them for the most part given the state of the economy, but being a personable and accommodating restaurant owner goes a really long way toward earning and keeping business. People come to little independent restaurants to be fed - treat them like family or a welcome guest and cook for them with love and they'll come back - a lot. That's what I plan to do.I'm not terribly familiar with Puerto Rican food, but El Coquito made me a lifetime fan. Some of the most flavorful dishes I've ever had. I don't know how authentic it is, but I'm going to go ahead and assume it is very much. I know that this place gets filled with famous Puerto Rican baseball players quite a bit when Spring training hits. One thing I really like is that the dishes aren't copious amounts of food... Americans are overfed and we overeat. The portions here are just right. On a diet? I can't promise it's all the most healthy as some of it is deep fried and the most flavorful steaks are going to have plenty of marbling and fat on them - however, a reasonably sized meal is what you will get. You'll be full and you'll eat every bite, but you won't feel like a huge gluttonous fat. They are equipped to deliver, but the hours vary a bit. Never hurts to ask if you call. Dine in or carry out if you must - just eat.I highly recommend this place.
2	I made reservations earlier in the week for 16 people for today, Saturday.  There were not enough chairs set up.  The chairs were FILTHY!  We were afraid to sit on them.  It was all of the chairs, not just a few.The food was decent.  Service was horrible.  We were the only ones in there at 1 PM and they were out of several items and were told about it 15 minutes after ordering.  Three appetizers never arrived.  Two of our group never received their food until everyone else was done.  One of these people walked out disgusted.  Our bill was wrong.  We were overcharged.  Unfortunately, no one in this group will ever be going there again.  too bad
1	The only time i got to take my family out to the only puerto rican restaurant in AZ, we were treated like outsiders. I had called ahead of time for a reservation, party of 10 and all she said was no reservations needed, that to arrive about 8pm and we should be fine. Well, that wasn't true. When we arrived, we were not welcomed and they ran out of RICE! How can you run out of rice when we mentioned a party of 10 would be arriving??? They did NOTHING to accommodate us. And we drove from Goodyear. Was NOT worth the drive...
4	This place is out of business!!  I called the phone number and it was disconnected; then I drove by and it is now a Pakastani restaurant.  I was bummed, because I was really looking forward to trying it after eating at SOL in San Rafael, CA, which is awesome.
3	Out of business!!!  :(
