4	Visited this new location of the now seemingly rapid expansion of this chocolate shop favorite. Has the same menu and same aesthetic as the one on St-Laurent, offwhite Ikea-look cabinetry, dark brown chairs, red accents. Store is a good deal smaller than the St-Laurent location, but bigger than the older St-Denis one. Great location, right on the ground level of the Faubourg. What really made this a 4-star was the great service we received. Our waiter was wonderful, very professional and attentive (even left a whole pitcher of ice cold water on our table when he saw how thirsty we were), and overall, smiley and super aprreciative of the tip we left him. Since this location only recently opened, it's still not packed as the other ones, so perhaps this is why the service is much better here. Hope it stays the same, and a good addition to the 'hood!
4	A place for romantic evening of sweet treats (and talks), casual hot-chocolating with friends, and oh my goodness, a place to experience complete chocolate overload. I've been hearing about this place for such a long time and have walked past quite a few of its stores on other streets. This time, we finished a meal at Kazu quite close by and came upon this location for some after-dinner dessertness. (Can't celebrate anniversary without chocolates, right?) The interior is warm and classy, decored in red wrappings, ribbons, and decors against a white background. Upon stepping into the store, the displays of chocolate immediately takes over one's view, chocolate lipsticks, chocolates with caramel in tiny jar of cuteness, chocolate lolipops, chocolate bears hugging chocolate hearts ... Yum yum. After being ushered to seats of our choosing, we were presented menus of chocolacious. The menu is quite eclectic, there are meals with crepes, salads and soups, as well as pure desserts like brownies and tiramisus, as well as dessert-meal like chocolate fondues for one (or two). After an agonizing few moments of trying to pick a dessert from too many delicious choices, I got the Fleur de sel caramel petit pot and boyfriend got the Banatella. After settling down and relaxing a few moments, our desserts came. Mine is presented in a tiny jar (petit pot), with mini brownie bites (both white and black) sprinkled on top, followed by a layer of fleur de sel caramel, a layer of cocoa ganache and bottomed by chocolate mousse. I have to confess, I've never been a huge fan of salted caramel but one spoon of the fleur de sel caramel conquered me ever so completely. The creamy texture of the caramel, not sticky and smooth as silk, melts on top of my tongue along with the brownie bites and cocoa ganache, the chocolate mousse by comparison is the less sweet one and fluffier in texture, a perfect complementing taste to the overwhelming (-ly good) sweet taste of the rest of the contents in the petit pot. Even though I feel just a little bit guilty about the probably hundreds of calories I devoured packed in that little jar and shortly after we definitely sugar crashed, the dessert itself is just heavenly, so heavenly it's almost sinful.
4	Un bel endroit pour les amateurs du chocolat.
4	This new location of a great concept is spacious and not overly crowded yet!!!!I enjoy going there for breakfast in morning or dessert in evening.I really enjoyed having their tomato pesto crepe for breakfast always with a hot chocolate :-)Once again happy to find nice breakfast places offering other things then just bacon and eggs...
5	A place everyone should visit! Staff is friendly, courteous, and fast!! Food is delicious and prices are affordable!!! Good for couples, birthdays, friends !!:)))
5	Fantastic new location, still a little pricey, but very good.
4	A fantastic place for chocolate lovers. Their chocolates taste so good. You can realize the differences when you order a crepe and you can easily find out that nutella is not delicious anymore. Still expensive for every day enjoying.
2	I had such high hopes based upon the recommendations but was sorely disappointed. The wait staff seemed distracted or else just not interested in our table. It took forever just to place our orders, which were not complicated: one crepe, one brownie, one petite pot. Unfortunately, we got two crepes and no brownie. Considering the brownie were for our small children, both of which had had it promised for good dinners,  just compounded the disappointment. We tried and tried to flag a wait person to correct the error to no avail. When we eventually did have someone respond, it was getting too late for us to wait any longer. We received an anemic apology at best. The food was delicious, and we do like supporting local businesses, but this location's service is in need of a reboot.
5	This is a well overdue review.  It has been several months since I've visited.This place is amazing. It has the most amazing hot chocolate I've ever had the pleasure of trying.  I didn't personally ordered it, the gf did but I had more than a small sampling.  I think what made it stand out so much was the creaminess of the hot chocolate.  Sweet but not overpowering, enough to excite the taste buds as the milkiness dances in your mouth with each gulp!  It certainly made it out to be like a premium product when compared to say hot chocolate from less cultured places such as Starbucks or Tim Hortons.I myself ordered a Viennese coffee, topped with whip cream and chocolate syrup.  It was one of the most delectable coffee experiences I've had up to this point. Strong, bitter, yet with a slight sweet aftertaste,  not for the faint of heart coffee drinker.  It was overpowering for me at first, as it was my first time.  However, once I settled into the cup, I enjoyed it more and more with each sip.We also ordered a couple of the Hazelnut praline petit pot, basically chocolate cream and a light caramel mousse inside a little cute mason jar topped with roasted hazel nuts.  It was an absolute favourite of my girlfriend that she picked up two for the journey home a few days later!  I must say, it was very, very good. A fine balance of sweet milk chocolate, caramel that some how complimented each other very well!  We loved this place so much that we came back again the following evening to have desserts with some friends whom were also in Montreal for that weekend.  We had the crepes with chocolate and strawberries this time. Bar none, the best crepe we ever had. Very fluffy and light, and made fresh to order. Definitely order their crepes for yourself or to share if you are lucky to find yourself here!The staff member, in particular for the evening, Louis was very friendly and made us feel welcomed.  He took the time to explain the finer details of the place, about their chocolates, their locations and how its' all made in the kitchen.  He could tell that we were not from Montreal and was overall a fantastic host!This place is now on our list of must have whenever we visit Montreal! It should also be yours too!
5	Loved it! I wish I had come across it before I had dinner, because I would have had a whole lot more food. Next time we visit Montreal, we'll eat all three meals here. Everything's good.
4	We were craving chocolates and crepes and ice cream type stuff, so we came here. Not really a sweet person, but had crazy craving after lots of POP Montrealing.Cute little semi-fancy place, with nice wait staff that kinda reminded me of Oompa Loompas. Place is full of chocolatey things, rich smells, and nice quality stuff.I ordered the chocolate fondant, with liquid milk chocolate on top and a side of ice cream (this is how it comes); and a glass of milk. It was just superb. And in the cake was hot darker chocolate. So damn rich and yummy, oh man. Loved it. Wife had chocolate crepe with strawberry and banana, also liked it, but not as much as mine. :DWas nice and reasonably priced for the quality, I feel. Tho afterwards we had a sugar OD, but over it was a nice experience and I'd return.
3	Juliette & Chocolat was one of the restaurants I wanted to visit for a long time. On my fourth Montreal trip, I finally got the chance to go to one of their many locations. I had super high expectations for Juliette & Chocolat because I only heard good things about it. However, I ended up ordering something that greatly disappointed me. I expected to get a giant brownie with lots of ice cream for The Chocolate Medley. I expected a bigger platter, something similar to Demetres. It was good, though not what I expected for the price.The space overall is very spacious and can hold many customers. It's a good place for a get-together or a first date. I heard their other menu items are pretty tasty though. If I come back, I know I will definitely order something else.
5	Do yourself a favor and get the pumpkin brownie...most amazing brownie I've have ever had in my life!!**only serve buckwheat crepes if that's an issue (apparently it is to my boyfriend)
3	Mediocre galettes and that was a really disappointing thing during my recent trip to Montreal.I told that to my Montrealer friend who said, "told you so". That being said, their desserts and coffee choices were fantastic. Anything with chocolate, Juliette et Chocolat does okay. Just don't rely on their dinner menu!
1	The food may be good, but the service is terrible.  It took two hours to get our food and got only excuses. We paid before we got our food and then waited another half-hour for it.  The management needs to get their proverbial together.
3	3.5 stars. I came here recently on a trip to Montreal with a friend. This place reminds me a lot of Max Brenner in NYC. I got Grandma's Style hot chocolate with dark semi-sweet (you can choose among 4 types of chocolate, ranging from dark bittersweet to white). While the first few sips were delicious, I found the drink to be a little too thick and also too sweet. While I don't doubt that they use high quality chocolate, perhaps this just wasn't the drink for me. I would go back to try other drinks on the menu.-L.
1	This place has really got to get their act together. I went to the one on st denis street and i had to wait thirty minutes for my order to arrive. When my hot chocolate arrived, it was so cold i could not even drink it. My hot chocolate must have been waiting for the waiters to get it for thirty minutes. Today i made the same mistake and decided to go to the one on catherine street and i waited for thirty minutes for my order which never actually arrived. My waiter accidentally gave my order to another table and when i inquired about my order she proceeded to apologize about how my order is ready and went to get my order back from the other table. Needless to say, i walked out of the place and did not even bother to sit and wait for another thirty minutes to get a drink. Will never go to this place again. Unreliable and slow service.
