3	If you're a Michigan Wildcats fan, this is the bar. It recently changed ownership and name so this branch of the Kopper Keg is pretty new. Food was decent. Prices were good. The bartenders were okay. One of the girls seemed more into chatting with friends than serving drinks.Overall though, the place was clean and the food/ drink acceptable. So yeah... I'd come back here. Plus the location is just off Eastern so it's convenient for all the folks in the Seven Hills area of Henderson. I also liked that the bar had the poker machines staggered so that not EVERY seat had a poker machine in front of it.
2	Needless to say.... my dining expierence was a little disappointing at the Keg last night. Below is a quick run down of all things Kopper Keg:-Very dimly lit inside.... granted this one seemed more dim then most. Maybe I am to used to Remedy's across the way?-Service was pretty good albeit a little slow at times. -My San Francisco burger was good but nothing to write home about. However, my friends chicken fingers tasted like they left it in the deep frier a little to long with extra breading on it. Kind of like a jawbreaker if you will but with chicken strips. Overall, no plans to head back to this place any time soon unless friends are just dying to go or I am starving and happen to be in their parking lot.
2	Don't let them fool you. Not a true MI bar. I mean, if you get crazy looks because you yell "born and raised in south Detroit" when some Journey comes on there is something wrong.
2	Decent food, service in The resaraunt area is HORRIBLE!  To top that off I can hear the Chef in back playing Eminem over the music at our table.  Normally I wouldn't mind but I have my 4 year old with NE and it's realllllly inappropriate.
5	I have at least 2 dozen bars within a mile of my house. Some I have just written off as bad, some ok and even less as actually good. Once I moved here I tried them all out, unfortunately I saved Kopper Keg for last. I wished I had tried it first because it is the only one I actually enjoy going to. The staff couldn't be any more friendly and not that fake annoying friendly, but just cool people. You really feel like you have known them for years. The food is pretty damn good and I always seem to do good on their video poker too. This is what a neighborhood bar should be.
4	They happen to have the best burgers in town!  My husband & I love the special "Blackened Salmon" and the Black & Blue salad is addicting-nice, clean local pub to eat & feel comfortable.  Servers are very nice-sometimes you have to be patient until the food comes out but its worth the wait!
4	Fun fun fun!
5	Great place for breakfast and to watch a Michigan football victory!
2	I ordered the black and blue salad and it was delicious.Where it loses all it's points is in service.  From the minute I walked in it seemed like I was unwanted.  The bartender was too busy hanging out with his friends and when I finally got his attention I still had to wait until he was done joking around.  I would have left but my father was in the hospital down the street and I just wanted a quick bite before I went back to hang out with him.
4	Great specials. Great staff (kimmie)
5	I have been coming to this bar for awhile now and I have always loved it. The bartenders are really cool, well the ones that work late at night are and the food is really good for bar food. It is also right across from where I live so once again convenience is key. Me and my boyfriend both get off pretty late at night and by the time we can go eat its usually just bar food options and this one is definitely a winner. I always get the turkey melt and tater tots (yummy :p) but my boyfriend usually gets something different and I always try what he gets and have yet to be disappointed.  The machines hit a decent amount as well. I have personally hit a bunch of five spots (I'm a keno lover) and my boyfriend has hit just as many if not more. Soooooooo if you want good food, good machines, a decent beer selection on tap, and yummy bar good hit up this bar! I haven't been to many others ones but of the other ones I have been to I kinda gotta admit I like this one the best.
3	I have been going to Kopper Kegs through out the valley for years, but after the last move it's probably been a couple of years.On the way home after a long day we decided to stop here rather than cook, the ribs have always been fantastic.Sadly, the ribs are gone ! WTF, seriously, the best part of the menu and it's gone.After dragging myself of the floor, still kicking and screaming a bit, I had a burger, just cheese and bacon thank you.All in all it was ok, nothing amazing but certainly not the worst choice you could make.
3	We have only had breakfast here, the food is very good but the service is very slow.  The steak and egg special for $9.99 is delicious and the hash browns are out of this world.  If only the service were better.  The servers are friendly (McKenzie) but there is no urgency in serving the customers.  Dining area could use a remodel as well.  Prices are reasonable.
4	This is the bar nearest to my house so I find myself in here once or twice a week.My first visit to this place, I hit a 2 credit 7 spot for $3,500.  Unfortunately, the machines have failed to remain kind to me since then, and I find that even 5 spots are rare.  The pay scales are the Vegas default 91.93% 3/12/810 for a 5 spot.  If you want to gamble longer, there are nearby places that pay 94.95% 3/13/838 for a 5 spot.That being said, the staff is absolutely wonderful.  I love you Ally, Brandy, June, Kimmy, Puente!The food is good too -- try the Ahi Tuna Bites.  The tater tots are also perfectly cooked and a bargain at just $2 or $3.  They have several beers on tap, but none of them are my favorites.
5	This a great place for lunch or dinner! Prices aren't bad, but dam good food! Along with their great service is the Bar located within for soothing refreshments of sorts.
5	They have everything that I go to a bar for, which is ironically everything BUT alcohol, as I am not a drinker. Their food is excellent overall, the staff is out of this world entertaining as well as on the ball when it comes to service, and the place is immaculately clean. They even have a Megatouch game, a pool table, and a dart board, which few bars in that area can claim. This is without question my favorite straight bar. :-)
5	Bar right next to my house. Bartenders are ALWAYS friendly. Food is awesome! Love going here at night. Machines always pay out! Ally is an amazing bartender!
2	Last time we eat at the Kopper Keg. This is the second time we had bad experiences with their steaks for breakfast. Extremely tough with gross veins throughout. Complained to our server only to have her say "I'm sorry". No refund was offered or discount off the bill. Sorry you had a bad dinning experience, but pay the bill and be on your way.
1	Used to be a regular. Last two visits, the only server working was interested only in talking to her friends. Waited ten minutes as she ignored us as well as others waiting to be greeted. One person went to ask her if she intended on serving anyone else in the restaurant. She continued conversing with her friends. After 10 minutes of being ignored, we got up and left and went to another restaurant.  We won't be back.
4	Great place to get cold drinks and really good bar food! Bartenders are amazing and always friendly! Plenty of TV's to catch any game you wish! Can't go wrong here!
5	I have no idea how good the service is or how good the food is. I came here on a scavenger hunt and it was PACKED with lovely ladies. I will be back.
