2	Ok two stars because there's a bunch of them. I just don't think they're that good. I went to maybe 3 different ones in town. I never see anything good. I don't like that they do Flash. I haven't seen a great tattoo out of those shops. I think everything is so cliche and trendy. Double Cherries, guns, lady luck and miss fortune, stars,  tribals. give me something original. Yea. each time I went there...it seemed like the sales people or artists didn't really care. I wanna be loved and fuzzied when I come in to spend money. Yea bad store.....
1	Ten years after the fact I think is a good time to review a tattoo, but I could have given this review right after I got it.I got my first tattoo at a Diversity and, man, was that a bad decision my little 18 year old brain made.  First of all, I got my Zodiac sign.  From a Flash book.  On my then thin and fleshless hip.  Now I have a Zodiac sign on a blob of flesh that is pretty non descript and threatening to become a roll.  Oh, aging.However, Diversity couldn't have stopped me from doing that.  What they COULD have stopped from doing was let an inexperienced artist scar me with his wily tattooing ways.  He scarred me so badly, that half of the ink didn't stay and touch ups won't help.  The other tattoos I've got since then (all better than Flash Zodiac, I assure you) have all stayed beautifully, so I don't have freaky ink rejecting skin either.Do yourself a favour and go to Diversity only if you need "tobacco smoking" products.  Don't do any body mods here.
2	this place sucks because 1) they pierced my navel crooked 2) my piercer threatened to pierce my nipples, was insensitive and vulgar 3) the lady at the register  was probably high and was very rude.. but its clean and stuff and they have hella bongs and pipes and stuff like that if ure into it
4	I don't have any tattoo's however I do have my nose pierced and have had it done a couple times. Charlie at the Las Vegas Blvd location is such a fantastic piercer! I have heard that he is an amazing artist also. yes, head shops are always weird and there are usually a diverse group of people waiting in line for various things, but I recommend this place for a piercing from Charlie.
3	I went in for my first tattoo here at about 11:20 pm, and they were getting ready for closing time (midnight).  They didn't seem overly impressed that we walked through the door, and asked about getting a tattoo.  I was super pumped and excited to "finally" find a tattoo that had meaning to me, through a new friend that I met while in Vegas... and it was a bit of a let-down when they seemed so unfriendly about us walking in and asking for service.But, I must say that things got "better" as the tattooing was underway.  The guy that was doing my tattoo for me had a realllllllllllly "dry" sense of humor... but I was learning to appreciate it as worked on my tattoo.  I guess I kinda had to.... since I was in "noooo" position to be pissing him off ;)Overall, I am really happy with the final result.  I think they just need to brush up on their people skills, for the eager "newbies" that walk in... like me ;)For a small Japanese symbol on the back of my neck... I paid $150.
2	just like everyone says these people dont have any type of people skills. the main guy behind the counter was so mean i almost wanted to leave. while me and my friends were waiting i asked a tattoo artist about her lip ring (since i was getting my lip pierced) and she said with an attitude "they can help u in the front. BITCH i wanted to know about urs not the shit they saling. the guy that did the actual job name was Jessee and he was hella kool and made me feel comfortable. but other then him. these mofo's suck!
5	Eight years ago I got an industrial piercing in my right ear. I loved it, although it hurt and I had to cover it at my security job. Last week I decided I needed another industrial, so  I decided I'd go get one at Diversity.This review is about the piercing services (and one piercer in particular, Sara) I don't have any tattoos, and although Diversity's selection of, ahem, tobacco smoking products is quiet diverse, I didn't purchase anything of that nature. Well I did get some incense.At first I wanted another industrial crossing my current one. Sara explained that the way my current piercing was would likely cause rejection in the new piercing if I did that. She was very good at explaining this, and didn't try and sell my anything I didn't want. She presented the facts and let me choose.So I decided I'd get my other ear pierced. I watched Sara prep the piercing room. Although I'm not a medical professional, I'm interested in pathogens and preventing illness, so I was very impressed with Sara's thoroughness. She wiped down everything, did an impeccable job washing her hands, and sanitized all the tools. Very professional.The piercing itself wasn't as painful as I thought it would be. I think Sara was better at it than the person who had done my original industrial eight years ago. She told me exactly when she was going to pierce, and made sure I was ready for the other hole. After she was finished she explained aftercare and gave me her cell number in case I had any questions.The best part is that my piercing doesn't hurt right now. The last industrial I had done hurt for weeks, maybe even months. This one has a slight ache if I jostle it and after I clean it in the shower with antibacterial soap. That's it. Sara is a true artist and professional!
3	My nose ring piercing was really reasonable $25 including the ring . Service  was good they def. know what they are doing and they quick ! Awesome place !
