5	Solid stop for video games. Store's pretty big, and I've always had friendly service no matter who's running the store. It's pretty well organized for midnight releases as well. Excellent service and big location, can't ask for much more in a Gamestop.
3	I've been to this Gamestop twice now. Once with my husband and once solo. Both times the employees have been super helpful and overly friendly. The location is a bit hard to find and since it is near a bunch of restaurants, parking can be terrible. However, I would much rather go to GameStop than Target or Wal*Mart to purchase games as they usually have a used copy that is cheaper and a wider variety of games. Despite having more games and a wider variety, of the two times I've been, there haven't been too many customers. It seemed pretty dead. Not sure if it was due to the time or if this location just doesn't get as many customers as other GameStop locations. Who knows. Otherwise, it's the closest GameStop to my house and that's pretty convenient.
1	Tanner who is there Manager at this site is horrible with customer service.  Zero understanding and pointing the blame at everything but there store.  If you sell a item that is not working you should credit it back or even refund...  It is a falty game and has many issues.  To tell a customer to deal with it and swear over a phone to feel like I am your friend is completely wrong.  I will never purchase from this site and will always give horrible review to anything I can post through media and voice to anyone I meet socially.  Unprofessional lack of customer service.Never purchasing from store and I now know why Gamestops are going out of business
4	I called right at 10am when they opened, a woman picked up and was instantly super friendly. I saw online it said they had a Pit Amiibo, but disappointingly they didn't actually, but they did have one Captain Falcon Amiibo, which the woman gladly held behind the counter for me. I just really liked that the lady was doing her job, but was going above and beyond with customer service and a friendly attitude.
