4	Noticed that they were finally opened and stopped in.  My husband and  I both had the burger.  It had beer cheese sauce, onion rings, and on a pretzel bun.  It was super tasty along with the fries.  They are hand cut and we tried the regular and sweet potato.  Wait staff was super nice and accommodating.  The menu is geared for more higher end not bar food.  The burger was $12 but many the meals were in the $16-$20+ range.  We will go back!!
1	Went last nite 4/25 and it was horribly slow. Beer came asap, but we were very hungry. Appetizers were tiny and took 30 mins. Took another 30 mins for our entrees, meanwhile they are only pushing their vast array of microbeers. I don't care, I want my FOOD. The mashed potatoes were over peppered, the filet mignon was rare and not medium well as my hubby ordered. The owner came out and apologized but gave off a defensive vibe. No bread, no water, slow as hell, we will never come back again. I feel sorry for the waitstaff but the kitchen needs to pick up their game or this place will close fast. I wish we'd gone to Carrabas instead... btw, he didn't offer a discount or anything. Other places bend over backwards to get your goodwill. Good luck dude, try watching Restaurant Impossible for some real tips.
1	Where to begin. Was very excited to see a new establishment in town and thought it would be great based on the staff at the resteraunt and their reviews of the food.  That's where the good stopped. We were instructed on how "everything is made fresh and never frozen" so that excited us. We ordered the pork loin with mashed and asparagus and the chicken skewers with rice. Both of us had side salads and a beer as well. The salads came out fresh as promised and were a nice portion.  That's where the good story on the food ends.  We were told by the server several minutes later that my loin would not come with mashed potatoes but rice instead as they were out. Several minutes later she came back and said neither of us would have rice and she could offer us double asparagus.  But no starch would be offered, Nor was bread available.  Upon arrival of our meals, the chicken skewers were six small pieces of chicken breast on skewers probably less than half a breast laid across 7 thin asparagus for $14, the tenderloin was two decent sized pieces that were also served with 7 thin asparagus for $24. The tenderloin was beyond overcooked and the "fresh" sauce on top was so old it was coagulated like peanut butter and rather salty and gross. After questioning our waitress (who was very friendly and apologetic) she asked the owner for a solution of which he discounted our bill by 20%. Then the owner came over and half heartedly apologized and explained yet again that their food is fresh so they ran out. "Fresh" is a true slander of the word at this establishment as the loin tasted like it was 6 hours old and cooked to almost leather, the chicken looked and tasted microwaved and the sauce was gross. This place will be closed soon and deserve what they get.  Oh and one final note, when the owner came over he could barely focus as he had been drinking at the bar the entire time we were their. Sad. Hello bar/restaurant rescue.
4	I used to work with Lance. Great to see he's gone to start his new life and excited to see him living his dream. I stopped in for dinner on Saturday and Sunday. Huge selection of beers. I love the Flights and the  Fried Apples and Vanilla ice cream. Yummy.
5	Had a great experience ! A little quiet needs. The music up a bit! Food was fresh And delicious! Will be back We need a good beer spot in Surprise!!
5	I have a new favorite restaurant!!! The staff was friendly their service was fast. I ordered their ribeye and asked for medium well and that is exactly what they gave me. Perfectly cooked outside with a tender juicy center. So in other words the ribeye was cooked to perfection I am extremely satisfied. I will be coming back soonPs they have an awesome beer and wine selection
1	We came in on a Saturday night, someone from our party had made a reservation for a large party, the host stand didn't know what we were talking about, and had to go ask the other staff, it turns out whoever took the reservation didn't think passing that along to the host was necessary.Though, I'm not sure why they even inquired on the reservation when there were probably 3 customers in the whole restaurant.  multiple school buses of senior citizens could have showed up and they'd still have ample seating.despite this they moved some tables around and promptly seated usI can say their beer selection is not bad, they have a reasonably wide selection from a number of different breweries, we got our drinks, and luckily this was a talkative bunch because otherwise the next 2 hours would have been a lot more awkward.looking over the menu there's a wide assortment of dishes. I opted for the beer battered cod with rustic fries and homemade slaw.Our server on multiple occasions told us our entrees were coming right up, but this seemed to drag out for at least an hour. eventually 5 out of our party of 8 got their entrees coincidentally they had all ordered the keg burger, my wife reported her burger as being somewhat bland. and just from appearance the fries didn't look very "Rustic" unless rustic means not very crisp and look like they'd been sitting too longActually I just looked up Rustic,if that was the intent I'm never ordering anything Rustic ever again.(Rustic : constructed or made in a plain and simple fashion, in particular.)So a few minutes later our server explains that one of the Kitchen staff walked out, so we're still waiting on the other 3 entrees,  as other reviewers have mentioned, nothing was offered in consolation, not a comped drink, not a dessert, and no bread, seriously is it that hard to keep bread on hand.So probably another 30 minutes goes by, I finally get my food,I would call it "Not Bad" the beer batter isn't bad the portion was 3 good sized pieces, the fish was cooked well enough, the fries we're "Rustic", but I hadn't eaten lunch so I ate them, the slaw was actually pretty good.  but the beer battered fish isn't something I can't get 10 other places with better service and prices. definitely wasn't worth $12probably another 5-10 minutes goes by and the last 2 people in our party that had ordered the skewers finally get their food. NOTE: at this point there were still probably 3 tables in the entire restaurant, not exactly what I"d call a dinner rush.After a while the manager comes over and apologizes claims it's not his day, explains again that a chef had quit,  supposedly he gave the 2 people that had ordered skewers 2 dollars off their meals, because apparently he thought that was sufficient to repair the damage.To The Owners:these bad service experiences seem to be spreading fast, I understand it's a new restaurant and you may be finding your feet, but if you want your doors to be open a few months down the road, you need to understand the value of customer service, it's ok to make mistakes, but if you make a mistake and your customer pays for it they won't be your customer, if you make a mistake it's on you to repair that relationship, either in the form of taking charge and making up for poor service, or COMPING the hell out of your diners bills, you could have COMPED every drink and still made $150 off our table just on food.Instead you took us for about $200 and knocked off a whopping $4 from the diners who waited 90 minutes for their food.the part you don't see is you'll never get a dollar out of those 8 wallets again, and you could have if you made it right which you didn't, IT TOTALLY SUCKS that your chef quit, but that's not your customer's problem and your customers are free to go somewhere else if you don't acknowledge that.Hope you get your shit together.
5	My hubby and I came here tonight for our weekly date night - and we will definitely be back!  The service by Vann was awesome!  His knowledge of the different beers was vast and he did not steer us wrong with that beef stew (mmmmm)! The beer battered cod was divine.  The hubs is extremely picky about his Fish n Chips - he said they were the best he has ever had.  I will highly recommend this establishment to everyone we know!!
1	Highly Disappointed! Such a waist of a great name and location. First impression is a Waffle House that sells beer and wine. My husband and I went on a Fri night at 6pm. Ordered a $5 beer and it didn't even come in a pint size glass, 10oz. After waiting 30 min for an order of onion rings we finally asked to cancel it and get our check, the bartender didn't seem phased at all. Not a place I would ever return to... Sorry Kegs,Corks and Forks you don't have our vote.
2	After a long day of house work, we decided to do a little take out from this new place down the street.  What a train wreck!!!  I waited at the podium for approximately 5 min.  The bartender and manager both saw me.  Another couple walked in and we waited another 5 minutes.  Finally the bartender walked out from behind the bar and asked if we were together.The bartender sat me at the bar and said he'd help me with my takeout.  5 minutes later he came back and asked me if I needed any help?!?  Should have left at that point.  I placed my order, the strawberry salad with chicken (additional charge, no big deal), a ribeye mid-rare, and a pulled pork sandwich (which isn't on the menu, but was suggested).After a few minutes the bartender came back and informed me that they didn't have any ribeyes for today.  He stared it wasn't the cut of the day.  Confused, I ordered the filet (cut of the day) med-rare.  During this time, a male manager was talking to some women and talking down about the staff.  Saying things like "what do you expect from a bunch of kids".  He then grabbed the cut lemons and said "who cut these, a monkey?".  Seriously?!?Bartender gave me my order and repeated what I had.  Got home to find there was no chicken add-on,  the salad was obviously tossed earlier during the shift and sat because the lettuce was completely soggy.  The filet was cooked to med-well, and I had no fries with the sandwich.  as far as taste, it wasn't bad.  If we had received everything we ordered, it would have probably been worth the $47.I called and a female manager answered, she was very professional and tried her darnedest to make everything right with me.  I told her I wasn't interested in having to come back to get the chicken and so forth.  I would have given this place "1" star if it wasn't for the female manager.  Because of her sincere attempt to make it right, I give it "2" stars.
5	Glad to see this place is finally open!  Surprise isn't exactly known as a mecca for good beer, wine, and food, and this place is hoping to change all that.  And they're off to a good start.  Located next to the movie theater, it's a great place to finish off your night.  I had the beer citrus shrimp, Caesar salad, and a couple of different wine selections.  Everything was delicious, and the owner (Lance) is very friendly and helpful.  He's very knowledgeable about beer, so ask him for a recommendation or two.Looking forward to going back soon!
3	Stay away from the fries and the chips they are so greasy and no seasoning. The main sandwiches are really good though. I had the french dip which was tasty, my husband had the pulled pork which had a great flavor and my daughter had the chicken tenders. They had a good selection of beer as well. I would like to go back and sample more of their main selections but stay away from the potato sides!
1	Oh my this place was just awful. My guess is that they will not be around for long. Awful service, not good food at all. Our food came out at different times with a long wait and some of the dishes included the wrong food items. I ordered the Bruschetta and the bread was just terrible. I also ordered the homemade mixed chips and they arrived not mixed. However, to be fair the chips were pretty good. They were very greasy though, but yummy. Everyone at the table was annoyed for one reason or another. Their meal was not good, not enough food for the price, bad service for refills, etc. We had to send back the sweet potato fries too to be remade. Frankly, we were very surprised they even served them. They looked disgusting. They were overcooked and just bad. The 2nd batch was a bit better. The  entire evening was just a mess. It was one thing after another here. I never review a place this low but this was definitely one of the worst dining experiences of my life. 16 dollars for a basket of chips and somehow I scored the best after dinner mint. That is an expensive mess up!
1	I can't.  I just can't.  This place will not be around for long if the owner does not figure out the true meaning behind a local restaurant.  I don't write very many 1-star reviews unless my experience was truly horrible (see for yourself by checking out my stats).  My 3 foodie friends and I came here around 6:30 and the place was almost empty.  Bad sign number 1.  Our waiter started apologizing for their poor paper menu and that it was because they were still testing out dishes...8 weeks after opening their doors.  I get that, I do.  But this wouldn't have been so essential to my dining experience if not for everything else you'll read here.  Bad sign number 2.One of my girlfriends ordered the sweet potato fries right off the bat and another got their jalapeno poppers.  As soon as the fries were passed by my face to my friend, I immediately knew they were extremely bad.  They looked beyond done...almost burnt to a crisp.  I can't even believe they were served.  The chef or owner or even the waiter should have stopped them right at the kitchen door.  Sweet potato fries shouldn't be brown.  She did ask for them to be taken back, very politely actually.  Bad sign number 3.The vibe of this place is pub-like or almost like a brewery.  Even the menu had a pub type of fare.  Yet, there was a Sriracha Lime Tilapia dish as well as some gourmet sounding bruschetta.  Hmph.  Interesting, weird really.  We ordered our food:  my sweet potato fry friend got her Beer Citrus shrimp, another got the bruschetta and an order of the mixed chips, while my jalapeno popper friend got fish 'n chips and I got their tilapia.  The first two dishes came out fairly quickly.  But my friend immediately said the citrus dip wasn't citrusy at all and my other friend made a face as she told us the bruschetta bread was downright gross.  It was not toasted and had a weird taste...doesn't sound like bruschetta to me.  Her mixed chips weren't mixed and were insanely greasy.  There was actually a pool of grease at the bottom of the basket/bowl.  Bad sign number 4, 5, and 6.  My other friend and I continued to wait for our dishes for 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes.  Suddenly, I felt sick to my stomach (fairly certain it was from the one jalapeno popper) and I don't blame this on the restaurant at all.  TMI, but this is necessary information for bad sign number 100 below.  The waiter brought out a plate of fries and ketchup and told us he wanted us to munch on something while we waited.  He didn't exactly apologize for the wait or anything though.  None of us ate them because we were starting to get grossed out by the food at this point.Our food finally came out about 20 minutes later.  The cod were very small (for $12) and my tilapia didn't look appetizing at all (for $12 or $14).  Sort of a bad presentation.  But I didn't eat it because I didn't want to tempt fate with my stomach.  So, I asked our waiter if I could have a box...not telling him it was because of an upset stomach, he didn't need to know about that.  He never brought it out...bad sign...I lost count of bad signs by this time.  Ten minutes later, a man silently walked up to our table and proceeded to stand above us and just stare.  My cod friend and I stopped our conversation after about a minute and looked up at him.  He didn't say anything, just stared. So, finally 1 of us inquired why he was there.  He awkwardly asked if we needed anything else in the most condescending and rude way.  I was uncomfortable and felt insanely unwelcome.  I told him I needed a box for my food.  I don't know if he assumed it's because I wasn't happy with my food or what, but he walked away rolling his eyes and scoffing.  Excuse me?!  What in the hell?!  I would have got up and walked out right then and there without paying if I had driven my own car.It only got weirder from there.  I continued to watch the owner go to a couple other tables smiling and being somewhat friendly.  What did we exactly do to this guy to make him be so rude to us?  We weren't being rude at all.  But we do know he was aware there was some unhappiness happening at our table.  Throughout all of this, the waiter hardly ever came over and the manager/owner never really did come over to apologize for the poor service, mistakes made on the food, nothing!  I am a HUGE supporter of local restaurants and love them to death!  But with poor service like this and poor food, this place should NOT be in business.  I see a lot of reviewers love the beer selection and the owner seems to be very knowledgeable and friendly about those beers.  So, maybe he should open a microbrewery or something along those lines since the whole food part seems to make him unhappy and cranky.  You can't treat customers like this and expect us to return or spread a good word about you.  Customer service is number 1 and they have a TON to improve on.  I will NEVER return!
1	I'm so disappointed! I was hoping this place would have been a great Friday night happy hour dinner stop to add to my list but I was a bit to hopeful I think. A group of four of us went to check it out and let me say, the service was really not that great and the food was mediocre at best. While I'm a fan of a nice tattoo, I have several myself, I didn't need to see the what looked like a homemade one, on our waiters chest. Dude, wear a tshirt or button up your shirt it is not a good thing to be showing off. I asked the waiter for recommendations since we had never been there and he told us that the menu was basically a work in progress because they were still testing items to see what fit. Ok, I get that but still never got a recommendation from him. One friend ordered the sweet potato fries and I ordered the poppers for appetizers. They were brought out and the fries were well over cooked, they were dark brown and looked soggy, like they had been cooked then sat and cooked again when someone finally ordered them. They were sent back and a new plate was brought out that actually looked edible. The poppers were good but a tad greasy. We had to ask for small plates a few times so were could all share the appetizers, also.  On to our entrees. Two from the group ordered off the starter section and the other two ordered from the normal entree section. In my experience when tables do this the food is brought out all together. Well the starter orders were brought out in a timely manor but the entrees took another 20 minutes to come out. So while one group got to eat their meal the other two had to sit and watch. The actual food:The citrus shrimp was ok not very citrusy and the bruschetta honestly, should have been called flimsy bread with toppings. In my experience bruschetta is usually toasted bread with toppings.  This bread was neither toasted nor the standard nice artisan  bruschetta bread. The homemade chips were good, there was a puddle of grease in the bottom of the bowl that could have fried up another batch, gross! And she had ordered the mix (sweet potato and regular) and only received the regular. During our 20 minutes wait for the rest of our meals, our waiter brought out a plate of rustic fries for us to munch on while we waited. Really, I don't want your fries, I'd like my entree to eat while the rest of my party has their meals. Finally the last two meals came out and for the price we were not impressed. My friend ordered the siracha tilapia and I got the battered cod. The tilapia was a thin piece of fish and looked dry, by this time she wasn't feeling well so she just asked for a box to take it home so I don't know how it was. The cod was ok, they were very small pieces for the price. I say that again because I can get what I ordered anywhere else on a Friday night as an all you can eat for less then what I paid and have better service and bigger pieces of actual fish. The batter I will say was good. During our meal, a guy came up to our table (I'll assume it was a supervisor or manager) and just kind stood there hovering, not saying anything or asking how our meal was, he just stood there! It was very awkward, so I turned and looked at him after about a minute or so, he asked how everything was and we were all just kinda shrugged. That is when my friend had to ask for a box a second time because our waiter hadn't brought her one yet (after about 10 minutes) He really didn't say anything and rolled his eyes as he walked away. He did not ask why we were not happy or if there was anything he could do. He brought her the box and walked away again. 5 minutes later our waiter shows up with a box. We got our bill figured out what we owed and left. If it were not for the company I was with, this night would have been one of the worst. Customer service is everything and if you don't have that you will not be in business long. After being open for 2 months, you should have a set menu, not still getting the feel for what you should be serving.
1	I hate to say this but I don't this place is going to be around very long.  Service was horrific and the food isn't anything to brag about.  They have beers on the list  and menu but don't have them in stock.  They have no one at the front greeting guest.  We watched on several occasions people come in wait 10 minutes and then leave because know one would seat them.  The cook came out and said don't order the fries.  Another person came over and said who's order is this, i can't read the writing.  Wasn't even our order.   You better call restaurant impossible for this place.
5	This place is amazing. The owner and staff are extremely friendly. They have a great beer list. Their food is amazing and I personally talked to the chef who is awesome. These low ratings are from when they first opened and they have improved %100! Give them a try! You will not be disappointed.
4	My hubby and I go there almost every weekend.  He is a beer drinker, so loves trying the new beers that come in.  I go there because the food is great, and so is the service.  I have had the ribeye, and it is delicious, perfectly cooked.  The mashed potatoes that came with it were tasty too.  The chicken fingers are good, but tend to be a little over cooked sometimes.  My hubby has had the pulled pork, the burger, and most recently, their special for the night, the jalapeno popper burger.  All of them were delicious, and juicy.  His only comment for the jalapeno popper burger was that it was very messy (a knife and fork and bib burger).  The desserts are good too.  It is the first time i have seen a beer float, not root beer float, a BEER float.  The apple pie is good, first time i have had a deconstructed one, and my hubby had the marshmallow stuffed banana, and was practically drooling at the description of it alone.  Needless to say, it satisfied the description and then some.  One of the things I think needs to happen soon, particularly if their popularity is going up, is that they need a hostess and another server.  The last time we were there it was busier than usual, and the waiter looked like he could have used some help with serving the customers.
5	The food was awesome and the beer selection was as well. No domestics, all craft. The staff was personable and knowledgeable. The food was fresh and the burger was the best I've ever had.  I only have one request, and that's to have red rover ale on tap.  Other than that, I have my new favorite go to place in Surprise.
3	Not bad.  We went in despite the negative reviews because we live close and decided to at least give it the benefit of the doubt.  The waitstaff is very "green" and didn't quite know how to handle things efficiently but they did try very hard.  I was disappointed with the beer selection, not great and far inferior to places like Yard House.  If you are marketing yourself as a micropub then your tap and bottle selection should at least be up to par.  Food was okay, not great, not bad, tacos came out cold.  Chef must have read the reviews about the fries being overcooked because ours certainly were not... on the contrary.  It's not a place I would go out of my way to visit but if we are by the theatre for a quick bite, I would try it again.
4	The Arizona burger was literally the best burger I have ever had! My husband loved his BBQ burger too. The sauce is great. The menu was Something you would typically see downtown, really fun combos. Tons of craft beers and you can try a flight of 4 for cheap. I would give 5 stars if the service was a little better everyone seems pretty inexperience forgot to give us a beer menu and didn't ask if we wanted food until way after we had our drinks m. It's a new place though so I'm sure it will get better
3	Went in on Saturday evening - had a coupon and decided to check it out.  Food was good - they are working on adding more staff.  The staff that was on hand were exceptional! The chef came out and talked with us - what great guy (Tom?)I think once they some additional help, it will be a great place.  Super beer selection on tap as well.Good job folks - keep it up!
2	We just finished lunch.  What a disappointment.  I had the Reuben--the bread was dried out because it had not been buttered before being put on the grill.  The filling was good.  The french fries were lukewarm at best, limp and not very appetizing looking.  My husband had the AZ burger.  The meat was tasty but the same problem with the fries.  The beer was good, not great--an IPA and a Cream IPA.  We will not be going back.  The only saving grace was that the cook?/owner? did not charge us for the food.Since another table also had complaints, I don't think this place will be in business for very long.
5	When I go out to a restaurant, there are two standards which need to be met. First, the food needs to be as good as, or better than, what I would make at home. Second, the level of service should reflect the dying notion "the customer is always right". For far too many businesses today, great customer service is an afterthought if thought of at all.Kegs, Corks, and Forks earns full marks in both respects. The staff was incredibly personable, and went above and beyond to ensure my meal was safe (gluten free) as well as delicious. The chef and manager both stopped at the table to chat, and our  server was extremely accommodating.The food was outstanding. Everything is prepared fresh - the manager explained that the only things he wants to keep in the freezer are ice cream and seafood. French fries and potato chips are hand cut.  They will be using a dedicated fryer in the future so fries, chips, and sweet potato fries will be gluten-free.The homemade BBQ sauce was sweet and married the pork perfectly. It normally comes with chips and homemade coleslaw, but I substituted a salad with delicious raspberry vinaigrette instead.The only thing that would make this place cooler would be live music on the weekends.Will definitely be coming back regularly!!
1	Went at 6:30 and no one was there. The bartender shouted at me to come sit at the bar since there was  no hostess at the hostess stand. It took them 10 minutes to get my drink order and the bartender wasn't at all knowledgeable about the beer. The owner came out from the back and looked drunk. I went with my husband and friend we each got one beer, overcooked burgers (I ordered mine medium rare - got it well done, my husband ordered it medium- got it well done, and my roommate ordered medium well and got it well done). We got one appetizer, 3 burgers, 3 beers (on happy hour) and the bill was $80. The place was too overpriced and the only thing that was good about it was the craft beer lineup. Would not go there again.
5	Ordered the Pablano Burger and it was AWESOME.  Great combination of chilis and goat cheese made this burger great.  Prices are a little on the high side, but the food very good.  Sat at the bar and everyone was very friendly.   Great beer selection too.  A lot of local and some regional beers as well.  Hope they survive Surprise.  I will definitely be back.
5	The Arizona burger was and is the best burger I have ever had. The executive chef hand delivers the food to your table which is awesome. If the chef doesn't bring your food then be sure that the sous chef has prepared your meal. My wife and I could taste the difference between the two chefs so be sure to ask if the exec chef is cooking that night before going in. Excellent selection of draft beer! For sure the best selection in town. Friendly staff!
4	I was very impressed with their craft beer selection they had over 30 craft beers on tap. And a lot of the beers soon to be local brewed to the Phoenix area I really like that. The food was impressive too for a pub. I had fish tacos which tasted very good and were reasonably priced. My wife had the chicken skewers which were also very good and reasonably priced. Overall I am very pleased with this place in Surprise I hope they do well and I look forward to visiting them again soon. It's good to see more local establishments like this opening up in our town something else besides just the chain restaurants.
4	The beer selection is good. I had the southwest burger. The presentation was excellent and tasted wonderful. I would definitely come back again. Lance and his staff are a doing great job!
5	This is now my favorite restaurant in Surprise.  They have Odell Mercenary on tap which is awesome.  The food was amazing.  My mouth is literally watering as I type this review and thinking about what I'm going to order on my next visit.
3	Good food good but not great. Only had the cob salad & the shrimp. Beer selection was off the hook. Owner was lost when I asked him ?'s but the barkeep knew his stuff. Wished they sold growlers. I be there once a week.
5	Hello, my name is Executive chef Thomas Winton I'm on here to write to everyone who has visited kegs corks and forks. First thing I would like to say is I apologize to anyone who has come in here and had a bad experience we have reviewed every yelp review and have done our best to fix the issues at hand. I started a month and a half ago and changed everything over in the back kitchen and made some staff changes in the back of the house along with hiring in qualified employees to give you great customer service. We are in the summer time and for restaurants we don't get a lot of business but we are doing our best to provide the customer a great clean place to come, relax and try out our revamped menu. Fill free to hit me up with any questions you may have about the restaurant and information on the food we serve along with the craft beer we have on tap. Hope to see you all here and for the customers that had a bad experience I hope you can give us one more shot. I would also like to thank everyone that has stuck by us in some of our growing pains and I also appreciate the positive reviews you have given me since I came aboard at kegs corks and forks. Have a great day everyone.
4	Best place in Surprise to grab a craft brew on tap. A good mix of different styles represented on their 20 plus taps. The don't do growler fills but maybe in the future? Food is good but the beer is what brings me in.
3	This place appears to be closed down for good there is a note on the door from facility owner or something like that.
5	I'm now located at Ground Control on litchfield rd and camelback Executive Chef Thomas Winton
