5	This bar is AWESOME for a Las Vegas neighborhood bar. It's clean, roomy, doesn't smell like smoke. They have darts and golden tee. The bartenders have personalities bigger than the bar that is stocked with good liquor, cold shots and kick ass draft beer. See you there!
5	This is the best bar in las vegas!  The bartenders are awesome and fantastic service....great selection of liquor.  (the only royal flushes I have ever won have been at this bar, good machines).
3	I guess I just don't get the appeal. It is not a bad place by any means, but I certainly wouldn't give it 4 or 5 stars. It's clean and has a decent selection of beer on draft - but that's about all I can say. Perhaps I ventured in at the wrong time of day or even on the wrong day, but I was seriously underwhelmed.
1	They only serve poor tasting fried food and the service is so bad. The bartender was rude and ignored me. I simply needed food to go but he was too busy talking to his buddy and reading the paper.
4	Awesome local bar that needs more love (and the customers) it deserves. Multiple flat screen TV's, darts, golden tee, a friendly bar staff, a comfortable couch seating area opposite the bar... really, what more can you ask for? Besides coming just during the week, I watched the Super Bowl here and was so glad I did. Forget those over packed strip spots! If you are a local you know better.As for the smoking... well, its Vegas, people smoke if they want to. I'm not a smoker, but for everyone that rates a place 1 star because god forbid someone lights up, you suck and mess up legitimate ratings :) Not saying that happened here, just saying in general hahaAdditionally, they now have a "Chicken Shack" chef here. Great wings, try the habenero honey, wonderful sides including coleslaw... Delish. Food comes out quick. They had a new chef training and he made a mistake but quick service to fix it with a genuine sorry does wonders... and takes away no stars! You just don't get local service like this in many other places. If you are around the area definitely check out this watering hole.
1	DO NOT got to Cactus Jacks!! One of the bartenders on Swing or evening shift is stealing from them and trying to cover it up by creating fictitious tabs for customers paying cash. I was there last Saturday night 9-1-12, and my friend was paying cash for drinks and then when I closed my tab for 2 rounds they charged me $24 for my tab and the graveyard bartender said she had a tab open from the previous bartender for $51. Which is BS because she had her money on the bar and that bartender was taking money from it all night. Even though it is walking distance from my house I will never set foot in that place again.
4	Went here specifically to play Buck Hunter and had an awesome time.  I've always driven by but never went in before.  The inside is really nice with big comfortable leather chairs.  There are all sorts of games.  The bartender was very friendly and fast.  There weren't a lot of people there, about 20 maybe, but we met some people who were friendly and fun.  When we are looking to hang out at a local spot, we'll be sure to go here more often!
5	Great place to grab a drink and play video poker.  The bartenders are great and Roger (the GM) is great for conversation.  Even better... I hear they just added a new menu to go along with the bar!  Great local joint
5	This review is for South Side Pizzeria which is located INSIDE Cactus Jacks. I live down the street and have ordered food from here multiple times since I moved here in Fall 2013. The food has always been delicious. I've ordered pizza and some of the philly cheesesteaks. This is my go-to delivery pizza in my neighborhood. Admittedly, I've never actually been inside Cactus Jacks.
2	Buffalo tenders were good.  Bartender was an absolute douche 6/20.  He was too worried about doing shots with his wanker buddies.
5	Great place to chill and hang out. The food is always delicious and the prices are reasonable.
3	This your topical get a few free drinks locals bar/ slot machine bar the bar tenders make great drinks and if you want to spend some time with Lady Luck this is a great place. The bar is quite for the most part the machines seam fair, great bar food( the chicken wings are my fav) later in the night is alway not to busy.For the best drinks tip your bartender good and up front, that way you don't find your self looking for a drink.I gave it only 3 stars because that as much as I can give a local bar, but it's great for what it is.
1	Let's start out with this is a great place to hang out, Noel is a great bartender and should receive more stars. My rating is on food and gaming. The food service has gone done hill with Mama's in there. At one time the food quality was good. The gaming machines have a terrible payback.
