3	This is a huge Edinburgh Woollen Mill full to bursting with all the Scottish tat you could ever want. They have it all in here, Nessies, cuddly highland cows, tartan scarves, toy bagpipes and every kind of shortbread under the sun. I guess this place is perfect for souvenirs or if you just really really like tartan scarves. There's also a constant of bagpipe music on the go if you fancy having a wee highland jig. For some reason the picture on this is of an amusement arcade and not the Woollen Mill... strange...
2	No so much as a wollen mill,  but more of a 'useless tourist crap' mill.I was dragged in here with a friend who was up visiting and was typically gobsmacked by the royal mile.Yes, let me point ouyt - there is wollen this and that, mostly jumpers and scarves in various tartans etc, but theres also a load of crappy nic-naks (as my Nan would call them) that really are just rubbish with a dear price tag. If fact the whole place is expensive, but what did you expect on the royal mile?
4	Worth a visit for the CD/DVD section alone. Douglas McHeart's Song's of the Highlands, Royal Pipe Band collection. I think the requirements to get on this recording label are a Cardigan, a beard and for you to be perched atop a glen looking sad into the distance. They have everything you can't find on iTunes (for a reason).Christmas presents. Sorted.
3	I once stood in here, and for two whole minutes, watched some pointless demonstration about traditional Scottish weaving. It involved some wooden spinning wheel contraption, some stringy lambs' wool, and a bored looking housewife trying to scrape together a bit extra for the mortgage, doing little to disguise her revulsion at the rubbernecking tourists taking photos of her work.Life is too short. That's two minutes I won't get back.
3	Edinburgh Woollen Mill.....doesn't really affect my life too much!It's a nice touristy place to come if you're into the whole Scottish cashmere thing, but otherwise it won't affect your life too much. It's a great place for what it is - pashminas and scarves left, right and centre, and all the colours you could ever ask for. It's good quality too, I bought a navy scarf here a few years ago and still get good use out of it.But as I say....it won't make a huge impact on your life! Pleasant enough though!
3	Hmmm.  There I was thinking that this would be a shop selling purely woollen products.  How wrong I was.  Admittedly, there is a fair amount of woollen clothes, and a bit of cashmere thrown in as well.  This is where the nice part of the shop ends though.  The rest of it is full of all the sort of touristy stuff that so many Edinburgh shops unfortunately stock.  However, if I was a tourist, some of this stuff would probably appeal, so I maybe shouldn't be so quick to judge.  I think it's a shame that so many of the shops in Edinburgh seem to be going down this route without seeking to offer the tourists something different from the norm.For what it is, the shop does well, and it's the sort of place that tourists will lap up.
