4	I had always sworn off chiropractors. I think it was the popping sounds that make me nervous. I decided to go to Cottingham, who was recommended by a coworker, as a way to lure in my fiance who was in constant pain. I gave Cottingham 4 stars as this is my first experience and I really had nothing to compare it to. But I do think Jeff is a 5 star guy. On your first visit he will do an exam and take xrays. On your second return he will go over the xrays and plan of care. Being in the medical field, I think Jeff is very good about explanations and helping you understand things visually and physically. His knowledge comes across and made me feel more comfortable with the whole process. I didn't feel he was trying to push me into any unnecessary treatment plan. I'm just sorry I waited so long.
1	Never made it to the office because the male phone operator was so incredibly rude and had SUCH awful phone manners that I opted not to go in.  For example: Me: can I send you my insurance information in advance so that I know if you accept my policy?Him: Ummm, I don't know when I will have time to check into it.  Me:  I am in quite a bit of pain right now, I guess I will find someone who has time.  Goodbye.
5	If you need chiropractic care, Dr. Jeff is who to see.  I have been visiting him for 5 years and regardless of where we have moved around the valley, I still visit him.  I've been to a few other chiropractors and no one else that I have visited knows their stuff as well, treats so holistically, or instills the same confidence.  Dr. Jeff isn't a place like "The Joint" where you run in and they adjust one spot and you run back out and you don't feel that much better.  He knows his stuff and has helped me with all kinds of areas including when I was suddenly dealing with some jaw pain this year.  In regards to the comment about insurance information over the phone, Dr. Jeff is a bit of a one man show and does all of his insurance billing himself.  I can understand being bothered by the exchange, but I would recommend stopping in.  He will get your insurance information, but he will also work with you if you do not have coverage.  In short, visit Cottingham Chiropractic if you want to actually correct some of the things that have been bothering you.
