2	So I had stayed here before and it was always ok- decent, clean, and a great location to ASU. What has happened???? This place has gone down hill fast. First, it sounded like a herd of elephants was above me- not entirely the hotels fault, but had me wondering if it wasn't just a cheap hotel with thin walls. Second, there were three pillows for a room with a king bed AND a sofa bed. Hello? How cheap can you get??? When we asked for an extra pillow or two, they said "we will see if we can find some" and never brought them up. I also requested extra towels at check in, but I did not receive them. The room was never cleaned. That means no trash emptied, no new towels, nothing. We were gone almost the entire day, and when we came back they had never been in the room. We went to the front desk to "complain" and there was another guest complaining about the same thing. The did NOT apologize or anything. gave us a basket already made up with clean towels and toiletries. How often does this happen that they have the baskets all ready for customers when they complain?? As I stated, I have stayed here before but will not be staying here again.
2	SO freaking loud.  They had ear plugs at the check-in counter. I should have known better...If you sleep like the dead your fine.Oh and its across from a strip club. Also not in the reviews, also not something you want to explain to a child..."why is that man twisting a sign that say's NUDE like the little cesar's guy?""Oh he's not smart, his teacher is making him do that till he learns how to spell that word."
4	Things didn't start well with my five night stay here, for a business training session, but I was won over specifically by the director of sales, Shelly Leydecker. The first problem I had was a 30 minute wait for my room when I arrived for check-in at 5:30 p.m. I'd confirmed my reservation, made by the company I work for, earlier in the day, along with the check-in time before I left for Phoenix. I was surprised that my room wasn't ready but being in sales, I appreciated the complimentary cookies and popcorn. When I got in to my room, next to the door to the pool and the gym, I was pleasantly surprised by the high ceilings, furnishings and location. I was a little disappointed that the room had no closet or hangers but I later found out that was because I was in the handicap accessible room and managed with out for the week. The main problem that I encountered was no internet in my room for the first couple nights of my stay. By the last night of my stay the wireless was strong enough to reach the bedroom, but the nights before that I had to use an ether net cable for my netbook and that was only after insisting that it was not a problem with my devises. At first I wasn't even offered a room change because they were booked, when Shelly got involved I was offered another room a floor up and closer to the front desk. That room didn't appear any better so she gave me the ether net cable for my netbook. She apologized profusely and left a good bag with hand written apology in my room the next day. I agree with the other reviews, I could hear the guests staying above me as they walked around and could also hear people on the work out machines next door but neither so much as to bother me. I'm a pretty flexible traveler, so I'm not too bothered by stuff like hearing other guests or strip clubs nearby. For parents, an easy google street view search will show you that the Dream Palace isn't as bad as some of the clubs in the Tempe and Phoenix area. For the price and location, less than a 5 minute drive to Mill Ave!, I'd recommend them, as long as Shelly stays in charge of course.
1	Since waiting for our room it's 4:44 check in time 3:00 i'am very unhappy have six year old with us we are hot and tired we want our room now
1	Even though they were more expensive than all the other hotels around ASU, I booked a suite since I was bringing my mother along while my daughter and I attended a campus tour and audition at Arizona State.  I booked for 4 days.  When I made the reservation I told the receptionist I would be driving in from California at about 5a.  She said I would still have to pay the full rate which I was fine with.  I got there at 6a and the person at the desk said he was ready to cancel my reservation because I got there at 6a.  The reservation had been in my daughter's name (which was with me) and he threatened to cancel the reservation because it was in her name and not mine.  I should've left then...The day we were suppose to leave  my daughter and I had an appointment with a school administrator in the morning.  I asked the desk person of we could have the room for about 2 hours more so my mother could stay there.  I was told I had to pay for 1/2 day ($57. For 2 hours) and I paid it.  During these 4 days, not once did we get room service!  No garbage was picked up...No clean towels.  I finally called the desk on the night of the 4th day and told him We needed towels and no one has came to clean our room or get garbage...after an hour we still didn't get our towels so I called again.  The desk person finally came to the room to give us a couple of towels but didn't take garbage, etc...When we left I told the manager.  All she did was give us our $57. Back.  She did say she would talk to housekeeping to find out why they never came.Something else that you should know, the hotel is located directly across from a strip club.This hotel is expensive and has no services.
