1	Looks like another post is from an business development person.I'll give you the customer perspective.  We have been Airband business customers for over 2 years.  The frequent service interruptions aside, where they are even worse is in the resolution of the issues.  Complete days lost due to complete service failures, partical failures (can't call overseas due to an "upstrseam provider") and customer support that when they get busy just goes to dead air.What riled me today is I had a billing question, so I call the big tool free number on the front page fo the website and I am told to call a different number (ironically, it is the 866 number mentioned in the other post).  When i call that number I am told to hold or I can leave a message.  I don't want to leave a message that may never get answered - I want an answer so I hold.  5 minutes later it just tells me to leave a message.What a colassal waste of time.  Go with someone - anyone - else.  As much distain as I had for Qwest, at least they answered the phone.  They didn't really care to help you, but they did answer.
1	I work for an MSP.  We had Airband (formerly known as SparkPlug in Las Vegas) for several business we served as well as for our own office.Several wifi outages in their services (once every month or two for hours at a time) for our customers.  For one customer of ours they changed one of their wireless towers and scheduled for downtime to come out and re-adjust.  They no called, no showed then said they would re-schedule.  Never did and then 5 days later we had a service outage when they did it without notice after which we discovered  they took us off the private vlan they had the network on to a public network exposing the client network that had no firewall at that node!The worst was the service people.  First office we had them hook up had two hoodlum come out to install - looked like they just got out of lockup.  Didn't have the equipment they needed and did not act professional and had to come back another day.  At a second office were we going to move to they did a survey for wireless and said we were good.  When we moved they then told us on the day we moved in that it couldn't be done.  We reamed them out and got them to give us some bundled T1s until they could finagle something for wireless.  Again showed up unprepared with a wrong programmed router.  Again flaky internet service.  We talked with various management in their Las Vegas office and they seemed to care but blamed their new corp overloads on a lot of the various issues and lack of Vegas engineers.  Basically they made it out that the corp office didn't really care or wish to invest in the Vegas market.  We went through a couple of different managers with them - corp seamed to fire anyone that made too much noise.  We eventually cut them out all together and got ourselves as well as our clients off their networks.
1	When my company first signed up for their service our hands were tied. It was either sub-par dual DSL lines from CenturyLink, a T1 starting at $500 for a 1.5mbps, or SparkPlug (now Airband Com).Customer service was good, but then they became Airband and in no time fast I stopped hearing about my account rep. Recently we decided to look at moving to Cox as now they service the area. Wouldn't you know it, our three year contract auto-renewed for a year without one word from their customer service/account relations department. I tried calling their numbers and all I got in return was an outgoing message telling me to e-mail them or leave a voice mail. My voice mail never got returned so I e-mailed them.When I e-mailed them about canceling the service they informed me of the auto-renewal and the associated early term fees, and if there was anything they could help me with because they "appreciate" my business.If they did value my business then why can't I get someone on the phone? Why couldn't they touch based with me for more than a year and a half? I hear from Cox at least once everything three months about our home users SOHO business connection. Their connection may work, but their customer service is totally disconnected (rimshot).
