4	Outstanding family event! Great chuck wagon food and entertainment for less than $30 per person. This is a wonderful family production at the Rockin R Ranch: Dad and Mom (Sweet Mary), their sons, daughter, and a fidler providing a great medley of cowboy songs. You can't help feeling satisfied and smiling after a great night of feasts and entertainment (all you can eat!)  If you are in the Phoenix area--this is a must!
5	Reading Tonya's review was quite shocking. I absolutely love rockin r. My family and I have gone there since it was opened in 1984 and it is always great. The food is DELICIOUS! The chicken literally falls right off the bone. The lemonade is delicous and contrary to the other review, you are allowed as many pitchers as you want (my family had 3). The music is fantastic, the atmosphere is enjoyable, and the food is great. It is a wonderful place. It is great for families, couples, out of town guests, EVERYONE! Dont miss this Arizona gem! It does not get the praise and attention it should.
1	Our administrative staff booked the Rockin R Ranch for a team building activity.  It all started off fine.  The old men playing cowboy were cute and you couldn't help but humor them.  The food was just ok, but we weren't expecting much.  But the night took a turn for the worse when the entertainment started.  It was a holiday themed show so when they started off with Jingle Bells and other catchy tunes, we clapped and sang along.  But then all of a sudden things got weird. They started singing very religious songs and playing a disturbing movie in the background.  It was almost cult like, and very inappropriate.  I am Christian and even I felt very uncomfortable, like they were pushing religion on us.  It totally ruined the experience for our whole team and we couldn't wait to leave.
2	My Mom bought a coupon from somewhere thinking this was just a BBQ restaurant and when her husband wasn't interested, her and I went last Fri night.  With the $25 certificate, it was an additional $39.  Quite pricey for what you get, at least in my opinion.This is an old time ranch and from what they told us, they used to (still do?) raise thoroughbred horses here.  The grounds are nice, you could see a gazebo and an area with trees that would be nice for a private party.  There were several buildings, for $5? you could "pan for gold", for a few dollars you could shoot a Colt 45.  The young kids around seemed to be enjoying themselves.  My Mom and I wandered to the "Parlour" where there 2 guys playing the fiddle, ukulele and singing.  While they weren't great, they were pretty entertaining.  I noticed most of the people sitting around were seniors.  It wasn't until the show was almost over that Mary (one of the owners?) came around asking if anyone wanted a drink, I guess there was a bar upstairs.  My Mom doesn't do stairs so we never made it up there.  After awhile they let us in the dining/show room that was laid out with rows of picnic style tables.  The emcee, one of the owners talked about the ranch itself, it's history and explained how the food line worked.  You bring your ticket and they give you a tin plate and you walk thru a small line where they plop food onto your plate.  I know they say it's all you can eat, but I don't understand if that's true, why only those who pay extra for a combo plate get both chicken and beef.  A scoop of applesauce, a baked potato, a few slices of mediocre beef covered in BBQ sauce, a spoon of beans and a small square of spice cake.  At the end of the line you take a plastic cup for the lemonade pitchers on the table.  Food was mediocre and certainly not worth the price we paid.  As someone else stated in a review, they do say a prayer before the email and I felt rather uncomfortable.  After the meal you have to bring your dirty dishes and cups to the conveyor belt in the back of the room; while they try and sell you $3 bowls of ice cream.  Ice cream should have been included for the price!!It was rather awkward during the meal, no music, no entertainment.  You see the performers are in the back scooping the food!!  Just weird.We had enough and left right after dinner, didn't stay for the show.  All in all it was rather cheesey and pricey.  I could see where this might be fun for kids, but for my Mom and I it was just not really a good time.  I won't be returning, that's for sure!
3	This is a WHOLESOME family fun event.  And I mean that both in the good way and the bad way.  It's a Mormon family that owns it, and that isn't a bad thing, but this is obviously not going to be an event with alcohol, cursing, or anything disturbing.We brought 6 adults and 6 children under the age of 9.  Clearly this is a show that kids love, whether the gunfight at the end, the activities before the show, or little things like the ghostrider song with a real rider in sheets outside the theater and then making a brief entrance.The songs were good and... wholesome.  Probably like a show in Branson, MO would be.Anyway, feed is decent for what it is.  But for the love of GOD, stay away from the chicken.  It wasn't edible.  In fact, it bordered on undercooked, and looked boiled witth a thin layer of barbeque sauce baked on (not grilled on).The beef is like thin strips of roast beef, well done, slathered in a mild BBQ sauce.  Apple sauce was tasty, beans were just okay, potato was small with a pat of butter.  Biscuit, non-greasy and just perfect, was delicious with the bottle of honey at the table.  You drank the equivalent of lemonade crystal light.The show is about 1.5 hours of singing... quite long.  All in all, it's about a 3.5 hour piece of entertainment.So who do I recommend it for?  1) Families with young kids, especially ones enthralled with "cowboys."2) AZ people bringing in families or guests from out of state that lean towards enjoying wholesome, somewhat "cheesy" fun.  Specifically, if they say something like... "let's do something very southwest... or better... old west." then you are on the right track... much better than old town Scottsdale.3) Older people that like theater out of something that felt like it could have been a reenactment of a cowboy themed dinner shoe in the 50's or 60's.If you are a young couple or middle age couple without children, I doubt you will find a lot of fun in it.And remember, don't get the chicken!
3	Overall, I was pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting it to be campy, and it was, but there also was a good amount of production involved in the live music show.  There were several other acts (hoop dancer, magic show, gun fight) going on through the evening that each performer venue directed the crowd to (and kept the night moving), but the real gem here is the main music show.  I'm amazed that this family is still doing their show, and it is incredible.  A musician myself, I'm usually leery of such acts, but their band had a magnetic energy (and playful onstage banter), Big Jim and Sweet Mary can still SANG and their fiddler rivals the speed of light!  Very tight harmonies, a medley of moving patriotic songs & spirituals, and a healthy amount of crowd interaction.  The band serves you through the dinner line, engaging visitors when the line lulls.  It is a humbling realization when you see them up on stage after dinner doing their thing.  They ran out of chicken about 2/3 of the way through the line and gave out ice cream vouchers to those people.  However, even without the chicken, they fill your plate.  I did not leave hungry.  I bought 2 vouchers through BuyWithMe for "2 VIP tickets for a barbecue buffet, ice cream, and high-energy stage show" for $40 (so, $20/person).  According to their website that should include "VIP Seating / Includes Chicken and Beef Combo Meal" and costs $36 per person.  What actually happened: it was not a buffet, but cafeteria style - one run through, one serving of each.  We did not receive ice cream vouchers with our dinner tickets, and did not receive VIP seating, unless if everyone else used the same VIP seating vouchers, and we were just four rows back in the VIP seating (out of five rows total).  So, that was disappointing.  I don't think it's worth the full admission price.  I enjoyed it, yes, but, even for the novelty of the show, I'd cap the adult price at $20.Overall, though, it's a good place to bring the kids.  They successfully recreated a completely different era for children (and adults) to lose themselves in, and get some history at the same time.  There is a lot of standing for acts other than the dinner/stage show, so not the best option for older folks or those with back problems.  Also, you'll enjoy it more if you choose a cooler month - only the stage show/dinner is inside.My final word?  It was worth the voucher price and was a nice alternative to the standard dinner and a movie.  If I go again and bring the kids, we'll pop in just for the dinner/show and leave afterwards.
3	It was interesting. I wasn't sure what to expect, I was taken here by my family and didn't do any research on it. That might be the best way to experience something like this. When I got there I was a bit worried. This is a mormon run establishment and I wasn't sure they had a bar that served alcohol which concerned me a bit because to watch a show like this I need some encouragement from a few beers. We did find the bar upstairs in the Saloon and we had some libations while listening to a girl singing and playing guitar. She wasn't bad, sounded pretty good. All of the sudden everyone cleared out around 6:30 (heading to the main hall to eat). Luckily we waited about 20 minutes then headed on over (be careful not to bring beer out side the saloon they don't allow drinking anywhere else on the property). Thankfully we entered about 5 minutes before the food was served and didn't have to sit through 30 minutes of story tellin' by the main cowboy. The tickets were purchased through deal chicken and it came out to about 20$ per person and we have VIP front row seating which is always nice. We also were the first into the food line. I noticed some people said they didn't get an "all you can eat" experience in the previous reviews but I did. I had 3 servings of the chicken which was actually pretty tasty and two potatoes as well as beans, biscuit, cinnamon bread thing and some sort of beef slice (not so good). This place is not really a restaurant so I am not sure what other reviewers were expecting, but for cowboy food served up in a line it was just fine. I would have liked to have something else to drink other than tap water or lemonade but what are ya gonna do? Long story short, the main show started and I realized the people that were serving drinks and food all night were the people in the show and they are all very talented. The music (although it's not my cup of tea) was very good and it kept everyone entertained throughout the show. There's something to be said for a family run operation like this where they run the entire place all evening. I was going here expecting to get my enjoyment from the cheesiness of it (like watching a b movie) but was pleasantly surprised that I got my enjoyment from the show and the fact that it was run by a family of hard working locals. I think the 40$ regular price per head might be a bit steep, but for 20$ it was a good deal and all in all it was a fun night.
1	Do not have a group party here.  I reserved a room for $500.00 for our family event.  Paid in advance and did not recieve what was agreed on.  We had extra confused guests at our party because they didn't know where to go for the main show so they came and sat in our room and helped themselves to the drinks.  I pre paid for coke that did not come.  I had to ask for a knife, among most other things I needed.  I never made contact with anyone who works there, but worst of all I paid $700 for the food for 35 people and half way thrugh our dinner the main lady "Mary" came and took our food from our room and took it to the main dining area.  I guess they ran out of food at the main show so they took ours.  They didn't have enough plates for our guests and there were 3 servers that would not let guest have more of one item.  Although I was assured guests could have seconds.  They didn't even get firsts since they took our food away early to feed other guests who paid for the show.  This was a total waste of money!  Who runs a business like this?  I paid well over $1,200.00 and not even a hello from someone who works there.
1	DO NOT hold any private events here. Rockin R Ranch apparently ignores noise ordinances, but is surrounded by residential areas. Loud music and other party noises means the police might show up to your event. Awful! Please stay away and spend your money somewhere else!!
1	The show is not impressive; the older singers really can't sing anymore (not that it stops them) but the fiddle player was good. The food is ok if overpriced but about as you would expect for the tourists they are most likely to rope in.  You can get a similar meal at the Ponderosa for a lot less. I can't imagine a local coming back twice. Better to eat at Ponderosa and rent a western movie.  The facility is best seen at night; in daylight it shows that they confuse poor maintenance with old time rusticity. Buildings with missing doorknobs, board sidewalks that give underfoot. Old rusty junk cars only half hidden from the public.  A sort of drainage ditch with stagnant green water in it. They probably just need a good manager because the place just plainly isn't cared for. They proudly call it a "working ranch" but clearly they are not doing much work on it. I've seen abandoned movie sets at Ghost Ranch in better shape than this setup. So go if you like country western music and don't have standards that are too high.
4	Honestly, I feel like many of the reviewers are a bunch of haters. The singrs can't sing? I felt that they did a miraculous job, especially for a crowd that was as enthusiastic as a bowl of dead frogs. All of them in my opinion were great singers. I actually found myself envying them - they get to play their instruments, sing, and crack jokes and make people laugh every weekend... and during the week they put in hard work out on the ranch. To me, they live life while the rest of us go to work and then spend a lot of our time killing our couch springs by watching Jersey Shore garbage (I don't watch TV, thanks). Were they some sort of 5-star band that should go on tour? No. But they were genuine - they had fun, and they were lively. And truth be told, I'm not even into the song and dance type shows.The food was pretty tasty, but not something I couldn't whip up myself. Pretty basic, but I was full with what I got. I think everyone was in the same boat. No hungry people at my show. For the price I think I got a deal (food plus show). If the food was more of something to write home about, I'd bump the review up to 5 stars.As for the religious tone that others mentioned yes there was a prayer before serving the food. Now, I've been ALL over the board on religion - so much that I don't even know where I stand today. There might have been a time where I was offended at a prayer... but I found it to be low key, short, and tasteful. To me it actually added to the genuine demeanor of these people. They prayed and so they shared that part of their life and belief with you. You weren't forced to bow your head, pray, or say Amen before getting your food. They didn't ask God for you to repent - they just thanked God for having nice people to eat with. Religious or not, what can you find wrong with someone thanking you for being there and spending part of your life with them as a friend? I was honored.The only thing I can truly knock the place for is that the bartender gal was slow as molasses and hard of hearing. We asked for XYZ and she totally forgot half the order and moved on despite that we were still standing there. It took her a long time to  realize that we were standing there because she never finished our order out. I suppose we could have hollered at her but I'm just too mild mannered and laid back to say something.Last but not least, the gun show at teh end was pretty cool. Maybe not for the young kids as the guns are loud... but I liked the show because it was funny... and I like guns. :)
2	Fun for little kids... cute and cheesy. But If you don't have kids or not going with people that have kids  you may not want to stop in.  we came in from out of town to visit friends whom have children. I believe the kids had a good time. Food was actually pretty good.  Follow directions on how to hold the plate... its not a joke.
4	I thought this place was adorable! I definitely think they need daytime hours on weekends, so children of all ages can enjoy this gem. I am not a fan of Western Music, but the concert is very cute. The food was wholesome and flavorful! I enjoyed my time here!
2	I have never had such a bad experience at a club than I had at this club. DO NOT go see a major band here, the club is tiny and if you don't stand in just the right place, because you wont be sitting, they will yell at you repeatedly. There are no refunds if the space is to full to be in, and you will be hassled and yelled at by the door security to move along even if your just trying to take your coat off or put your wallet away. On top of this the venue dose not except credit for tickets.
5	Great place for the family to go and a great place to take out of town visitors for a taste of Arizona! Dinner with live entertainment for only $36. It's good for grandparents, parents, and kids. I wish the show was longer. I will return soon!
