5	This place is every girl's dream. A big store filled with sparkly, shiny, beautiful vintage jewelry.Everything in the store is ACTUALLY vintage (not just vintage inspired) and there is a huge variety. I expected the prices to be outrageous but everything is super reasonable. There is a really nice selection of earrings, necklaces, bracelets and even perfume bottles and broaches. The women that owns this store is so helpful and nice.I recently went with a friend to pick out her wedding jewelry and we had a great experience. As we showed the owner her dress she walked around the store pulling jewelry that we might like. She told us that she has a passion for vintage jewelry and that is why she decided to open the store. You can truly see that she cares about the store and loves what she does. We ended up finding the perfect pieces for her and she decided to get her bridesmaid jewelry there too. The owner offered to custom order any pieces we might want and she would get them in the store just as soon as she could locate what we wanted.I highly recommend making a trip to Unique Vintage Chic. Great for occasion jewelry and gifts. I will definitely be going back for my bridal jewelry and cannot wait to see what i will find.
5	I am beyond impressions with Unique Vintage Chic! I went in searching for my wedding and bridesmaids' jewelry and was blown away the boutique's selection, authenticity and prices. The owner is enthusiastic and has a deep passion for vintage chic, and it shows. She held me pick out beautiful and in-budget gems for my big day. She even held my merchandise until I found all the perfect pieces.Each piece of jewelry is one of kind and looks very expensive, but the prices are extremely reasonable. The store is bright, airy and welcome and the owner makes you feel right at home. I highly recommend you experience this gem full of gems in the Borgata, it's truly an experience to remember.
5	I ABSOLUTELY recommend shopping at Unique Vintage Chic!Unique Vintage Chic is truly one of those hidden gems that needs to be navigated and excavated by all fashionistas.  The shop is located in the Borgata, and it is a Mecca for unique jewelry finds.  Everything in the store is vintage, restored and fantastic.  There are so many choices of bracelets, earrings, necklaces.....you get my drift.  What's wonderful is that many of the items are matched into sets, so you don't have to go all around the store trying to find your rings perfect match; it's already set next to it's perfect jeweled family.  And best of all, the pieces look really expensive but are in fact reasonably priced, which is the premium combination for my closet and my wallet.Not only are the choices amazing, but the owner, Kathy, is incredibly knowledgeable and helpful.  She can tell you give you the details on all the different styles, beads, stones, etc. and even help you match a set for any given occasion.  Kathy helped me pick out the perfect 3-piece earring/necklace/bracelet set for a charity fundraiser, and let me tell you, those pieces were the hit of the auction!I can't wait to go back to pick up some more gorgeous and unique jewelry!
5	I purchased earrings for my rehearsal dinner here and could not be more pleased. Everyone commented on how beautiful they were and couldn't believe that I got them for such a steal!
5	Love this place! I could spend hours there looking at and trying on the jewelry. I got the most fabulous vintage necklace at UVC for my wedding. It's stunning, and fit perfectly with my dress. Cathy was helping me, and she was knowledgeable about each piece. She helped me narrow it down by looking at pictures of my dress and giving me her opinion on which would look better. And she was right!
