5	They have made many improvements to the facility, service and schedule in the last couple years and it is by far one of the best places for family entertainment in the East Valley. If you haven't been to a Skateland birthday party or school fundraiser, there is no way you can consider yourself an Arizonian.
3	The rink itself has clean floors and the area surrounding the building is relatively safe. Bathrooms are a bit scary and the change machines tend to be broken (you need quarters to store your shoes in a locker). On Monday nights you can skate for free - the only drawback is all of the kids and the jesus music. It is "Christian Night," after all. Praise the Lord!
4	What a cool place this is.  My girlfriend and I take her girls here to skate and I love just sitting back and watching the scenery.  Made me feel like I was in grade school again when we used to hit up Great Skate.Each night they have different themes for skaters, so for example, I think on Monday you have Christian music night, Tuesday could be 80s night, rap night, etc.  Something for everyone.  For those not interested in skating they have a huge arcade and gaming area similar to Peter Piper.The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the prices for snacks.  They have pizza, but get ready to spend $16 for a large cheese.  I know right?  Cool place to and bring the kids!
4	we went here for a belated birthday party and i only have two complaints: it was "hip hop" night and they only played new songs and they don't let you have hats or cell phones on the rink. i realize the 2nd thing is a safety issue but seeing as though there were people racing past us, i think my hat would have been fine. for the money, it's great time and a great workout-i definitely enjoyed myself and will go back
4	I have lived in Chandler for over 30 years since I was a kid and I have never been to this location before. I had a birthday party here for one of my kids and we all had a GREAT time! The lady at the window coordinated everyone great (I think her name is Nicole) and kept checking in on us to make sure we were all having fun. It was Radio Disney time and the music was great and fun. My 7 year old had a blast and my 3 yr old did great using the skate mate. I could not keep him off the rink! Food was ok. We paid the group rate which was more reasonable than the birthday party rates. Look for specials and coupons this is really fun and affordable for the whole family. I skated for the first time since I was a teen!  My 2 small complaints...bathrooms are a little gross and it was a little warm in there. They need to crank the A/C down more. We cannot wait to come back on MJ night.
4	We usually have a great time here! The prices are fair and the music is great. The rink is clean and the skates are in legit condition. The only thing I dislike about this place is the terrible smell but I am assuming that smell is in every roller rink. Other than that, this place is great fun!
4	The last time I went rollerskating I was 13.   So, when my friend asked me to tag along with her I jumped at the chance.I had the best time here!  Skating is so much fun!  Not just that, people watching was great too.  We were here for a school function and watching all the little kids learn how to skate was adorable.  They provide "walkers" for new skaters and that really seemed to make a difference.  I had a smile on my face the entire time.  The music was great and pumping, a lot of the same songs from my workout playlist.  Even though the sound system was great, when the DJ hopped on the mic he sounded like Woodstock -- very entertaining when it came time to play games.As far as the surroundings, I didn't expect much coming to this Skateland.  I mean, I'm sure there haven't been any rollerskating rinks built in the past 20 years and I doubt any of them are doing well enough to be remodeled.  So I wasn't disappointed to see everything painted neon colors and dated back to the 80's but it was clean, the skates were in good condition.  The snack bar charged $2.50 for a large soda which kinda chapped my hide but when you take into consideration how cheap the entrance and skate rentals were, I didn't mind.I can't wait to come back!
4	After my first visit to Skateland Chandler a week ago, I'll admit I am a fan, but my still bruised tailbone is not. O.U.C.H.I had purchased four discounted coupons for $7 each. That included admission, skate rental, two slices of pizza and two drinks. I couldn't pass that up so I grabbed a few friends and we met at skateland.I should have used one of those cool PVC pipe walker thingys for the kids. I fell three times right on my butt, the third time almost knocked the wind out of me!I think I will stick with walking and leave the skating for the kids.
1	Be careful with Groupons or coupons! * of went there tonight with Groupon's good from 5pm-8pm only! They had booked a private party at 6. Their website had advertised open skate from 5-8. Really! We saw them turn away at least 10 other families for the private party. The manager did give us return passes but the kids were so disappointed we may not try to go again.  Always call ahead is the lesson for today.
4	We attended a Lomas student council fundraiser here and really had a blast!  There's pizza, video games and all the skating bruises your body can withstand. What you don't fall while skating? Try skating around 75, first - fifth grade students, you fall!The Skateland staff was really friendly, everyone but the lady at the door. It could have been the 71 students in front of us too. We enjoyed ourselves so much we are going to visit again, minus the other 71 students!
3	This place is a throwback to my childhood. I always remember in elementary school the fliers I brought home for different school nights at Skateland, but the sad part was my parents never took me. What a deprived childhood huh? Well I tried to make up for 20 + years of depravity and took my girlfriend on a Groupon date night. Luckily I have an amazing girl who is down for anything because I had this look of concern as we ate the crappy pizza that came with the groupon that she would be having a bad time. Everything went up from there. Food: Horrible. I would eat before I come here. It's fine for cheap food for the kids, but if you're over the age of 18, I would suggest eating elsewhere. Skating: Great! We both roller-bladed back in the day so this was fun trying out skating. Not too long before we got there a big group of little kids left so it was people slightly closer to our age. There was another 2 couples on a date there and some older guys probably trying to relive their past. By the time we left we had it down pretty good but had a great time! Music: DJ Booth did a good job playing a mix of songs. I kept telling my girl that most these kids out there didn't even know what these songs are probably. Wow making me feel old! I was actually surprised they played as much old school music as they did. They also turned off the lights and made it like a dance floor which did a good job setting the mood. Overall, if you're like me and like to have a good time where ever, this place is cheap and is great entertainment for a date night.
2	My son had fun skating so I will probably go again.  But, this place is aggravating - crappy customer service!  I went on the free admission night.  I walked in and there wasn't a sole behind the window.  After waiting about 3 minutes, I was thinking, ok, so it's free admission, maybe you're just supposed to walk in?  I had my hand on the door when this girl appeared at the window.  She didn't say - do you need skates, are you here for a party, nothing.  So I said " is there anything I need to do?"  She said nope, you can go right on in.  I was like great!  I walked to the very end of the skating rink where the skates are - to get skates and the kid behind the counter was like "I need your skate tickets".  I was like ok, where to you get those?  At the front.  Arrgggh!!So I hauled my 2 & 5 year old back to the front and bought skate tickets.  I went back  to the skate desk and picked up skates, and then I noticed they have these little walker things that the kids can hang on to while they skate.  I was like perfect!  I asked the kid behind the desk - that I would like one of the walkers.  He said - those are skate mates and they're $5.  I was ok, I'll take one.  He said - you have to go back up to the front.  I was like "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!???"The dippy girl that works up front (I should have gotten her name) she has long brown hair and wore a flower in her hair.  I was fuming - why didn't she mention this when I was up front?  She won't understand until she is hauling around 2 kids of her own!!!!You would think the owner would want his staff to try to upsell you, but no, they don't care.
3	I seem to find myself here almost every other month when I have to take my daughters to one of their friends' parties.  Their rink and skates are well maintained.  Their games are almost always 100% operational.Prices here are very reasonable.My only complaint is their bathrooms.  They really need to renovate them.  I'd give them as extra star if they did that, and another extra star if they cranked up the A/C.
5	My grandson celebrated his 5th birthday at Skateland in Chandler on Sunday, 9/16.  He and his friends had a great time & everything was so well organized.  Our party table was all set up and our hostess Erica was great and very attentive.  This is a wonderful place to have a party with lots to do!
5	Okay, okay, this isn't me giving Skateland Chandler five starts.  This is my daughter giving Skateland Chandler five stars.  She loves roller staking, and is determined to skate despite just having skated a few times.  It may be the sport she is most passionate about.  The first couple of times, I got skates.  Now, why bother?  So, it is a pretty good deal for me, too.  She just skates with her friend, and I get to read my book until they want a snack, and then until they want some tokens.  The snacks are what you would expect from a skating rink, so I am stingy with the money.  Skateland Chandler mixes up the free skating with a variety of games and whatnot.  My daughter and her friend seem to be picky about what games they are willing to play, even with the ones that require very little actual skating skill.  Join the email list, and you'll get a bunch of deals landing in your inbox.  The prices are already basement cheap.  Last time we went the friend won 500 tickets off of one token, and I (meaning, my daughter) won a snake from a raffle.
4	We had our 9 years old birthday party last Sunday afternoon (started this review in Oct 2012).  This was the second year in a row.  The customer service has really improved, our party hostess was excellent!   It was well organized and the girls had a blast.  The skaters could use either regular skates or roller blades.You can find deals on groupon and places like that so the price is more reasonable.  It is not the fanciest or most well maintained place but, it was clean, organized and the kids had a blast.
5	Over Spring Break, I convinced my daughters (11yrs & 7yrs) & their 2 friends to go skating even though we aren't strong skaters at our house. We had SUCH a great time that we came back in the same week! The staff is AMAZINGLY friendly & welcoming & the availability of the "skate mates" rescued me from the rink & gave my 7yr old the desire to skate on & on & on! They had a special thru Chandler School District so we ended up spending more on food than admission & skate rental. Really clean & pretty well-maintained in spite of the building's age & daily wear & tear.
1	I don't mean to be too harsh but I just could not make myself give this place more than one star. My husband and I took our 4-year-old son there on a Sunday afternoon to have some fun because it was 110 degrees outside and we got a coupon for them and it seemed like a fun thing to do. The coupon was for 99 cent admission plus you had to pay for skate rentals. The girl at the front booth was completely brain dead, maybe it was the heat. She took our coupon, cut it out and asked how many skates we wanted. We said three and my husband said "can I get blades instead of skates?" She looked at us and said "so you want four skate rentals for three people?" Well, ehem, yeah, and throw in a couple of extra ones just in case. Of course we want only three. We also wanted to buy 50 tokens for $10. She comes back and says that'll be $39. Huh? Why so much? How much are the skates? $3.50. Oh, wait, I forgot to run your coupon. Ugh. Ok, finally we figure out how much we are supposed to pay and go inside. After we got the skates, put them on and got on the rink we realized that there was no way our son was going to skate without a little frame for kids. Of course, you can't just get it, you have to go back to the front, get a ticket for it and go back. Fine. My husband, the only good skater in the family, left to take care of it. I'm standing by the wall with my son because I'm not a very good skater and no way I can do it with a four-year-old threatening to do a face plant every second. Well, I had three (!) employees come up to me and school me on their rules. The first one informed me that I couldn't wear a hat because if it fell blah blah blah. Fine, I took off my hat. The next two told me I could not stand by the wall because everybody had to be moving at all times. How do you expect me to move? I suppose we could've taken our skates, sat on them and pushed ourselves out of the rink. Come on! I get it you want order on the rink but we were just waiting for a couple of minutes for my husband to bring the kids frame back, not because we just wanted to hang out by the stupid wall. Give your customers a break! After I lost my patience and told the last girl what I thought about their rules they stopped the music and spent the next 3 minutes READING THE RULES TO EVERYBODY! Really? I didn't realize I voluntarily checked myself into a prison! Oh, and by the way you can only take pictures in there if you have permission from the management. Yes, no pictures. Maybe they double as a secret CIA facility during the night so no photography allowed. Ridiculous.Fast forward, we got our frame so we are skating in circles without hats, not stopping to stand by walls or anything. We got approached by the manager who I guess was informed that I was upset and she offered us free drinks, some tokens and refunded $5 for the frame rental. The only nice experience there. After we skated our son wanted to go play the machines which we did. Well, about 5-6 of them were out of order so not a big selection to choose from. But whatever. Last straw was the ticket exchange booth. And let me point out here that they are only open for 3(!) hours on Sunday so can you staff the damn place for three hours? Apparently not. When you play on machines you get tickets and then you can exchange them for "prizes". Well, their booth was closed for 40 minutes! There was a line of desperate kids who wanted to get their prizes before they turned the lights off for the "skate in the dark" thing and they couldn't do it because their stupid booth was closed! Seriously? So some kids had to choose between skating or exchanging their tickets. Overall and extremely frustrating experience, will never come back. There are other indoor places to go spend a Sunday afternoon at that are less infuriating.
4	We brought the kids here this week and had a great time. We went on a Thursday, and there were a few field trip groups that came and went, but it wasn't too bad. It was busy on and off. The DJ was great, he played games with the kids, and was very energetic the whole time. The kids burnt a solid 4 hours here, we had some cheese bread, the husband and I skated for a while, and then just hung out. I like how the rink is set up so we could sit right next to it on a table and watch the kids without taking our eyes off them. The price wasn't too bad. About 60 bucks for a day of skating and pizza. What would've been awesome is beer. My husband disagreed, saying it didn't need the addition of drunk parents. I guess I agree. But a pitcher of beer would've been a really nice way to pass the time. We will definitely be back here again.In the summertime, the kids' staples are rollerskating, bowling, and the arcade at Castles and Coasters. All cheap, fun, cool options for all of us.
3	This was my first time here and I really enjoyed it. I grew up skating every Saturday back in Chicago. The staff was really nice and had great customer service. The pizza was okay. Good place to visit. My kids had a blast. We'll be back!
2	We have had fun here many times however after my last two experiences, we will not return.  Yes the managers act nice but they cannot seem to get control over the teenage food staff.  We spent way too much I. Food that they leave out all day unrefrigerated (cheese and sauce). The last three times I went was told breadsticks would take ten minutes, well after going bath and forth to check I waited 45 minutes for breadsticks. I never received my soda had to ask.  a friend of mine ordered 30.00 worth of food and waited an hour but the best part is the horrible attitude of kitchen staff.  They had an attitude when we questioned them.  Both times were week days in summer and the place was dead, no parties or camps when I was there yet the "cook" had time to keep chatting with co workers at one point he was at the dj booth laughing.  All the while our group was sitting with hungry little kids waiting. It wa so ridiculous and the one manager I tried to talk to started walking away when he saw me coming he knew but just said sorry and claimed they were short staffed that someone called out sick. I had to laugh there were three kids and a manager who clearly could have heated up a few breadsticks there was no line.  The other manager is super nice and also a dj he tried to help but it was too late we already were so angry at how the day was going.  We lost money in tokens since many machines broken.  Someone needs to invest some money into this place or it will close down soon.  The bathroom is a disgrace it smells so bad was not cleaned or updated in 20 years. Gross. I hope I can find a place to skate we love it and after my last few visits I can't return.  I do not need to pay to be aggravated.  Be sure to eat before you go if you venture in.  Ps I got sick as a dog from the snack bar they clearly have no sanitation standard.  beware !
2	I have been here a few times, mostly as part of special school nights. Overall, it can be a fun time for the kids. However, there are some issues that I have.First, there really isn't a lot of seating for the number of people that they can have in the facility. If you don't arrive early, you won't have a place to sit, which could be a problem if you are eating pizza. This last time I arrived early so that I could get a table. My wife was not with me on this trip, just my two little kids and myself. My oldest is able to skate just fine and he went off to the rink. My youngest, however, needs my assistance. So, I left our stuff at the table and took my daughter out on the rink. She couldn't figure it out so we only made it once around before returning to the table, only to find out that our stuff had been moved and another family had taken our table.Second, it is hard to hear what they say through the microphone. I noticed it the first time that I came and passed it off as an employee who didn't understand how to talk into a microphone. However, it has been like that each time. And since they are calling people's names out (for food orders) over the loudspeaker, it can be problematic.But, to me, the biggest problem is how payments are handled. You have to decide what things you want to rent at the door when you enter. So, if you happen to change your mind later, you have to go back to the front door and stand in line if there is one. They have no way of taking payments at the rental counter. With two small kids, this has been a problem. For the older one, we started with regular roller skates. Since he handled those so well, I thought we might try roller blades. However, if I wanted those I needed to pay $0.50 more...back at the front counter. What! I thought my younger one might be able to do a little better than she did last time. So I opted not to get one of the Skate Mates that help newbies balance. Unfortunately, it didn't work out as well as I would have liked. But, if I wanted the Skate Mate, I needed to go back to the front. In the end, Skateland would have made more money if they took payments at the rental counter. Instead, I opted not to get the additional rentals because I didn't want to deal with the hassle of going back up to the front. Plus, if I left my table, who knows if it would have had one when I returned!
5	This is a great place for family fun! We go on Saturday mornings at 9 for the FREE hour long skate lessons. All of the instructors have been so nice to my daughter and really helped her learn how to skate. Then at 10 kids cartoon skate starts and it is a lot of fun. They play great music that the kids know and love and it's really fun when they turn the lights down low and the kids put on their light up necklaces and skate around. Highly recommend skateland. The birthday parties look fun and the staff has always been friendly and helpful.
1	TERRiBLE. Expensive. Our 4 year old cost $13. For hour Not worth itToilets disgusting and smellyRip off
