1	Don't know this side of town well so I am embarrassed that I got there shortly before closing and couldn't apologize more to the staff yet it didn't work. Staff members were terribly rude and I know they don't own the place but its just paper products... its not that complicated... Asked for some shipping advice since I had awkward shaped packages..and was starred back at with an empty glaze...you got the jist...
1	SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTING. Take 2 printers, 3 PC workstations, shove them in the back of a FedEx shipping office, abuse the former legacy of Kinko's by claiming you offer print services and you get this waste of commercial office space that tries to pass itself off as a Print & Ship Center. It's a Ship Center with printing as an after thought. Compared to other former Kinko's locations that ACTUALLY HAS SEVERAL PRINTERS and other pieces of equipment this place comes across as a joke and needs to be closed. Add in absolutely clueless, uninspired, and pathetic service and the best advice anyone can give is to tell you to stay on Stephanie St. and just keep driving. Don't go here.
4	I normally loathe going to one these places but I have to say that the two employees today were actually very helpful and friendly!I have encountered locations that make me wanna hurl by the attitudes the employees normally have.  There were two ladies working and they both asked me if I needed assistance!  Shocker!!!I have to be back Sunday and I'm not dreading it one bit!
4	Great products, great turn-around time, I have never had a bad experience with them!
1	this location wont ship over 75lb while the one close to galleria mall does can sombody explain? and that teenage blonde mgr is worthless: bad coustomer service bad attitude.....
3	I like Sandra, she's really knowledgable. She's really friendly and goes out of her way to assist you. I normally don't drive this far but would rather go here than the post office.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. The worst customer service I have ever encountered in my life! First of all, I had a bed delivered there since I had not yet moved into my new place. When I received the email confirming that my package had been shipped and arrived at this location, I rented a U-Haul so I could pick it up. When I went to the store, the girl working at the time preceded to tell me it was not there and she had not received anything under my name. I showed her the email verification and she continuously denied ever seeing it.  I noticed a rather large box behind her and thought that may be it.  Not once did she even try to look but just stared blankly at a piece of paper. She told me that the email basically meant the package was in route to the store when clearly it stated it had arrived. I called the next day and a man answered the phone just to tell me my my package arrived two days before.  When I went back, I found out the very package I asked the girl to take a look at was the one that belonged to me. I was furious I wasted my time and money renting a U-Haul.  Fed Ex ended up delivering my bed to my house to compensate for this girl's lack of customer service and pure laziness. All of this could have simply been avoided. I will never use them again for anything and I suggest you do not either!
5	I go to this fedex very often since I use them to print all of our company courseware, flyers and brochures. I've been going to this location almost weekly for the past two years. I have to give a shout out to Kayla who works there (ps-It's important to note that I don't know her outside of fedex). She is the type of person who you want working for your company or even running it. I hope to snag her from this company one day and have her work for me. She gives excellent customer service and she knows all of the regulars by first name. She is always willing to help you solve problems and goes the extra mile. I wouldn't normally review a printing company but I think that corporate should know how amazing this employee is and evaluate giving her a promotion. She would be a great person to travel around and train all of the other staff because she sets the bar very high. Every other FedEx location I've been to in Vegas doesn't come close to the customer service you receive at this location. Thank you to Kayla and Rick. You help us make our tough days run a bit smoother on a regular basis and we are all very grateful :)Does fedex quote you the lowest prices? No. I think everyone knows that. The reason we continue to bring them business is specifically because of the customer service and it's specific to this location. Keep up the good work and thanks to everyone at this store.
5	The team that works here are the greatest people. As someone who sells a lot of items on eBay, I ship a lot. I've used the USPS and UPS in the past, but now I only go to this FedEx location. Great people, always helpful, very knowledgable and time efficient. Rick is the MVP of customer service. It is easy to tell how much he cares about his work and the people that he helps just by seeing him work.
5	Outstanding customer service.   I use to bounce back and forth between UPS and FedEx.  However,  this store stands out.  I live 5 minutes from a UPS store, but I make the drive to this store because they treat people right and are fast and efficient.
