2	I've had brunch here a couple of time and both times I was disappointed but not for the same reasons. I can't say anything about my visits here were horrible they were just disappointing. The food isn't bad, it was actually pretty good the last time I was there. I had the crepes with apples and swiss and I have to say it was pretty good but the person I was with had the yogurt and fruit plate an she found it to be kind of bland. The fruit were hard and tasteless and if the yogurt cup had been any smaller she could have used it to put in her coffee. Speaking of coffee, it wasn't very good, I might be a little bit of a coffee snob and all I had was the house filtered brew but at least make sure it tastes like coffee not brown water. The service was good when we arrived but as the place filled-up and when I say filled-up I mean when 3 other tables had people at them, we saw less and less of anyone. I did however like the homy feeling the waitress gave us, it was like being at your aunts place. The decor is ok, I like the paintings on the wall created by local artists but everything looks worn, like they need to close for a week or two to clean and repaint the place. My bigest complaint however is that the fan in the kitchen doesn't seem to work as soon as the cook started preparing food I felt like I was being smoked out, the smoke was so intense that it drove us out of the restaurant. Nothing like having to eat and run on a sunday morning.NuArt Cafe could be such a nice place they have all the elements, now all they need to do is bring them together and pay attention to the details and I sure they'll have a great breakfast place.
1	Arggh!!! I have been to this place so many times and I wonder why I keep on torturing myself! They have decent breakfast, however the service is terrible! (Please keep in mind I'm extremely polite and order in French, since the owners/servers only speak French).The atmosphere is dark (really - no lighting). Expect to be there for hours since they are slow.
1	there was nothing fresh about the food.average service and way too expensive when compared to poor quality.we will not go there again
4	We've always had a perfectly nice time when we come here. As usual, I try to use my limited French as best I can when interacting with people, but often the waitresses switch to English if they hear my husband and me speaking it.I usually get the french toast with brie and whatever fruits are on it for that day, and it's been uniformly delicious. They often have some kind of scramble with veg and meats, and some kind of benedicty thing with eggs on top of an english muffin.The decor is kind of dingy and worn-in, you have to pay in cash, and the place sometimes has a lot of cute kids running around. None of these things bother me personally.So whenever we've gone, it's been good! Which is crazy because usually I make places worse by going to them. The conversation usually goes like this:"Let's go to X!""But X is always bad.""No, it was only like that the time you were there.""I've been there like five times and it was always bad.""Well, it's not usually like that!"I can only conclude the badness is my fault. BUT! Nu Art is always good when I go. So either it's generally good, even when I am not there, or is only good when I am there. I see evidence for the latter, but for obvious reasons cannot investigate the former.
4	Dropped in today on the word of my bf. He really enjoys the brunches, so he surprised me with a visit there. There are 2 menus to look at, and the coffee comes with refills, so we each got a mug and pondered the choices. He ended up getting an omelet with brie and sausage, some potatoes, fruit, and baguette (with more brie added on top). I got a crepe with apple and swiss, and some fruit. The crepes were tasty - full of fruit and cheese. We got to sit out on the patio, with such great weather it's the time to take advantage of it. I liked the feel, the location, the food...I'll be back again soon to try some more items. For about $10 - 15 per person, you'll have a solid meal and maybe see some really cool art.
