3	Think hot dog stand in New York... But in a parking lot and instead. it's tacos.The area in the front was a  mess. No one had cleaned the condiment area for some time and it wasn't covered. I know in most Mexican restaurants have sneeze guards but this place doesn't have that nor do they have covers... A little bothering.The tacos are TJ Style (Tijuana, Mexico) and the flavor was OK. It was nice to be able to eat something like this since the only TJ Style tacos I like are located in San Diego.If we're driving by and I feel like having me some TJ style tacos, I'd take a make the visit.
2	After the UYE @ Herbs and Rye was over there was talk of tacos, the crew all ended up going to another destination, but since I'm lazy I figured I'd check out the place 10 feet from my parked car.The place is nothing more than a tiny shack with a big light up screen on top of it, they have menus on both sides of the windows, one in english and one in spanish. They don't have a ton of variety, but everything is hand made, the tortillas are hand made, and mine were made to order.The place wasn't really busy, which concerned me a little, but I thought I'd give it a try.I ordered a Carne Asada Taco and a Taco Al Pastor. I was a little surprised when I got my order, all there was on my plate was 2 tortillas with some meat on them, no lettuce, no cheese, nothing.They do have a small toppings bar next to the window that had 2 salsas and a guac sauce, limes, cabbage, and jalapenos, on it, but I'm not really a fan of any of them.I squeezed some lime on to my meaty tortillas and gave them a try.The Taco Al Pastor was pretty solid, the pork was cooked and seasoned well, but it was nothing special.The Carne Asada Taco was rather disappointing, the beef was chewy and barely seasoned.The tortillas were fresh and tasted pretty good, but I have to admit for $1.75 each I was expecting more than meat and a tortilla.The only things saving this place from a 1 star review are the fact that the ladies were friendly, the food came out quick, and the al pastor was decent.It will do in a pinch, but there are 3 other taco places within a block, so I'd say check them out first.Oh and there are no tables or chairs or anywhere to sit, I had to sit in my car and eat my tacos
4	This taqueria used to be a small hot dog stand called Senor Dogs, and my husband and I would frequent the place after some debauchery on The Strip or Downtown.  They then expanded and have a full on taco stand going on now.  They still serve the hot dogs if that's what you're hungry for, but I've ditched them and am now turned on to the delicious Mexican food that is so good after you've had a few cocktails.The quesadilla with carne asade is huge and they do not skimp on the cheese or the meat.  The meat is seasoned well.  I've also tried the carne asade burrito and the street style tacos, both of which were pretty good.To be honest, I've only eaten here when I've been buzzed after some cocktails, and everything tastes good when you're buzzed.  But I can say that whenever I am feeling hungry after some late nights, I'll be the first to yell out, "Let's go to the gas station taco stand!!!"  And that's where we always end up!
