1	Cheapest rate near the strip and desk staff seemed friendly. HoweverMold on the walls and celingToilet cloggedShower wouldn't maintain a consistent temperatureAir was way to dry in room$12+ cab ride to anywhere on the stripIt may be cheap but you'll have to add at least $30 per day to the room rate if you plan on cabbing it to the strip to get a more accurate rate.  So if a low price is your only goal this is probably ok but to do it right, save up a little and stay at a strip hotel, you'll enjoy your trip much more.
2	The room was okay. Nothing was gross or anything. Everything in the room seemed like it was from the 70-80s.. no renovated anything. The hotel seemed to be full of crackheads and gangsters. If you have little kids this is probably not the best place to say. My friends and I got woken up at 6:00am by the loud thumping of a cars stereo system. It lasted at least and hour. I think it took so long to have someone tell them to turn it down out of fear of getting shot or something.
4	I don't have high expectations of EconoLodge. I just want a clean place to sleep. That's all. They allowed me a late checkout, and the room was nice, I had no problems with it.The reason why I am giving this location such a high star rating is because they were especially nice. My travel buddy accidentally left her pillow with her treasured baby blanket inside of it in the room.We only realised this as we were on the plane headed home. As soon as we landed, we called them, and they fedexed it to her in Michigan in perfect condition.It was so hassle-free and kind-hearted, I was amazed. I wouldn't expect such nice customer service from an economy hotel.
1	Honestly first time I came here it was good second time the air was off in the room when I got there n Vegas is 100degrees they wouldn't give me the banner advertised rate as promised before n the air turned out broken the toliet didn't wrkAnd I had to switch rooms then the second room air took forever to feel a tiny bit decent n still pouring sweat n found a huge dead cockaroach in my room like Wtf never again I'll pay extra 20$nxt time n stay somewhere else thnx ps no wifi in the rooms it all sux n I'm not usually that picky bout hotels just need a cool air condition place toSleep thnx!
1	I tend to go for cheap when I travel alone, and don't expect much, but this stripped down stucco bunker managed to disappoint. The toilet was clogged, the ice maker didn't work and the promised free wireless is only available in the lobby.I had to wait to check in to listen to the strange and sad story of a woman who prepaid, got stranded in a snowstorm, and somehow the motel managed to both cancel her reservation and keep her money.Also, the location is really inconvenient... in the middle of no man's land halfway between downtown and the Strip and hard to get to from anywhere else in Vegas. I'd mistakenly thought this was at the other end of the Strip, close to the airport, where there are also some budget hotels. Go there instead.(Update: I'm writing this review in the lobby, since that's where the wireless is, and somebody is on their cell phone possibly booking for an adult film shoot. I can only hear the one side of the conversation and it goes like "we're doing a shoot tonight... internet... man/woman." That's Vegas, baby! )
5	Best value for the money on the strip!Despite all the complainers, it's still the cheapest place to lay your head, take a shower, have some privacy and leave your suitcase when you visit Las Vegas. I happen to like the 1960s style motor hotel feel and decor. Don't change a thing folks!The good folks running this franchise is doing something right.
2	I visit Las Vegas on business for a nonprofit and have stayed here 3 times to keep our costs down.  I paid $26 earlier this week.  However, had I checked I could have paid $30 at Stratosphere a few blocks away for better room and ambiance.  Similar rates were available in nearby downtown (Fremont Hotel, etc).  As a result I think I will pay a few dollars more for a better experience next time.  Room was small.  It was pretty clean although some dirt in bath was missed.  Toilet ran intermittently all night.  Linens and towels are clean but very worn.  No hair dryer or clock in the room, altho they will loan you these if they have them.  TV worked OK.Neighborhood is the biggest drawback.  There are some empty stores and defunct wedding chapels, plus occasional homeless people and addicts on the sidewalk.These folks are trying, and for some of the lowest rates in Nevada you can't expect too much.  I just think the experience is marginal enough that I will look for something more reliable next time.
1	Ghetto as hell! Desk staff was friendly.  However, the first room we got, there was dried puke on the floor, so we changed rooms.  The next one was NO better, this charming room had burn marks all over the floor. I kept my flip flops on, even in the shower! I got what I paid for and I will NEVER go cheap on my room ever again! Lesson learned, thanks for NOTHING Expedia!
1	Wouldn't recommend this place. I made the mistake of letting a friend take care of our reservations for the trip. Big mistake. This hotel is gross! Our room had a moldy shower with a blood stained shower curtain, smeared food all over the walls and smelly blankets with cigarette burns. We continually had to spray air freshener throughout the room to get rid of the strange smell. The bathroom reeked of century old pee! When we tried to lay out by the pool we were gawked at by toothless old men lol. All I can really say is you certainly get what you pay for. Make this your last option. Next time I'll be the one to make hotel reservations! I only gave it one star because I had to!
1	I've stayed in some pretty sketchy places, but this one tops them all. I was expecting it to be a fairly rough place, but my I seriously underestimated how bad this place would actually be.From the sketchy people walking around, to the horrible location, to the maintenance staff openly discussing toilet repairs, to the small, dingy, mouldy, smelly rooms, to the ID required to borrow an iron, to the infestation of cockroaches (and dog knows what else), this place couldn't have had less going for it. Avoid this place.
2	Well if your a crack head or a roach you would like this place. Residents of the hotel are sketchy as hell and have 4 teeth. the sheets are stained. Roaches are everywhere i guess you get what you paid for
5	simply the best very good place to stay for your money they have totally revamped the entire hotel you should come see it will run you about $36 a very convient to the strip great eating such as the Florida Cafe Bar In Grill beautiful Breakfast for 5 dollars ! great food all around
