5	I was introduced to these guys a few months ago by a friend of mine. After reviewing their portfolio and meeting with Jack I hired them to install some crown molding and baseboards in my rental home.  Their workmanship was top notch as well as their professionalism.  I didn't realize how adding some trim accents can add so much style and class to your home.  Currently I am waiting for them to begin work on my next project in my primary home which will be a complete bathroom remodel.Look no further, These guys are the real deal!
5	Jack did great work on our house repairs.  He is easy to work with and very flexible with his time.  He goes out of the way to get things done.  Really appreciate it.  Would use them anytime.
5	I keep forgetting to write this review. Several months ago I bought  a new house. I was trying to get everything done prior to moving in...thank goodness I met Jack and his team...they saved the day. They were able to paint the entire house and install crown molding in less than a week. It was a herculean effort. I really appreciated their willingness to work around the clock to make me happy.Based on this great result, I hired him to build a wall unit in my bedroom. I showed him a picture of the the design I liked, we modified it a bit to fit my room and in less than a few days it was done. Whenever I have guests view my new home I always get rave reviews on the work done by Jack and Dave. These guys are great and I would highly recommend them to everyone.
5	We were SO impressed by Jack and his crew. We have done crown molding in several homes and Jack charged less than 1/2 of what we have paid for inferior work. He was on time and so nice and his work was flawless. When there was a small issue with the paint not touching up perfectly he came back and fixed it himself. We ended up having him do additional rooms and stone fireplace and bar back and will definitely use him again and refer all our friends his way.  OUTSTANDING person and company.
4	Decided to call Fletcher Door and Trim based on high reviews from Yelp. The first meeting they were a no call / no show. I decided to try again as I can understand  they can get busy.  They apologized for the mixup. The next day they arrived on time and did a great job on my office baseboards and realigned our front door. They are fast and do great work. I will be using them again.
5	If your looking for work to be completed around the house, these are the guys to call. We just had new flooring and baseboards completed throughout our home and Jack and his crew (Mike, Chris and Miguel) were great! The quality of their work is truly second to none and we are so glad we choose to go with them. Jack was very fair on his pricing and neither he or any of his folks said "no" to any of our requests. We will be calling them again soon.
5	It is very delicate subject when comes to home renovations in my family house. It is a house with a lot of traditions and shared moments in it. I needed the best home renovations in Las Vegas. We found it at Fletcher Door and Trim General Renovations. Excellent and hardworking guys. Thank you for everything!
