5	Furnish isn't even four months old but it's already my favorite place to shop for furniture. I walk in there and immediately want every single thing I see. Should I get the $125 vintage writing desk complete with a space for my typewriter and a chalkboard drawer, or the hand painted bench ($115) that would make the editors of Real Simple drool when I put it in my entrance hall? I like these kinds of dilemmas.  Everything is one-of-a-kind because it's either vintage or the owner, Michelle, paints one of her designs on it (her style is an urban graffiti/filigree hybrid). You'd think this would make things insanely expensive but instead most prices are comparable to Ikea. I love and loathe that no two items are alike because if I don't snatch something the moment I see it, I know it'll be gone the next time I'm there (and I've been back every other weekend since I discovered it two months ago). On the bright side, no one else has my skull trio and I always get a lot of "Where did you get that?!"The owner nailed it when she described her style as "country-chic," which to me is different from shabby-chic (shabby-chic brings to mind yucky things like white wicker couches, pastel floral throw pillows and framed seashells). The store has HUGE chests of drawers with well-worn forest green paint, mason jars-cum-candle holders and cupboard doors covered in chalkboard that give it a country vibe. The chic part comes from stenciled Hunter S. Thompson quotes, pop-art paintings of Barack Obama, and blocky letters in bright red ($15-$30). As I was leaving I saw an orange folding chair that said "mastermind" on it and when I asked her how much she said she wasn't planning on selling it, paused, and said, "Twenty bucks." I was biking it that day, so she held it for me at the store until I could pick it up later that week.
5	Almost my entire house was "furnished" by Furnish, and I always receive compliments from people.  If this was like most boutiques, the furniture would be insanely expensive, but its surprisingly affordable.  They take already quality pieces and turn them into works of art!
5	Every time i come to Pittsburgh, i make sure i visit Furnish! So far i have bought something every time. The artistry is top notch
