4	I love having a 'boutique' coffee shop on the East side. It's so nice not having to trek across town for a good cup of coffee. It's true that if they pared this place back any further you'd be sitting on upturned crates but I like the minimalistic 'no fuss, no muss' look which is 'oh so trendy right now'. It's a coffee shop, they sell fantastic coffee. What else do you need?
5	I loved this wee spot on Queen Street. I went on a bank holiday and it was completely empty, but the guy behind the counter was very polite and very carefully crafted my take-away flat white. The interior isn't too big, but with so many nice places to sit outside during these spring days, taking away is a great option. It is a very cool looking counter and it is basically a help yourself pastry counter, with a few options for nibbles supplied from Manna House off Easter Road. With only one person making coffee this totally makes sense. Now the coffee it self, is delicious! A very hearty, strong, but not too overpowering blend, with no fruit or citrus flavors. Very smooth and so easy to drink! They use Workshop coffee out of London and also sell these as well as other local beans. They also have a neat range of teas for those who don't drink coffee. I am so tried of everywhere serving Artisan Roast, it is great to find a unique bean and friendly service. A must if you are in the New Town area as it is one of the tastiest coffees I've had in Edinburgh!!
5	Whooo! I've been whisked away on a magic carpet ride to a utopian oasis of everything nice and caffeine.Yippee! This place sure rocks my socks! Lovely, happy and friendly staff. Great music.I love their House Espresso Blend and would've tried their guest coffee too, but, I'm trying not to have too much in 1 day.I can't wait to come back.They also sell a highly tempting selection of cakes and loose leaf (proper) Tea.This is now my favorite Coffee Bar in Etown which means I like it more than a certain place on South College.Check it out!
5	Botique coffee shop offering a delightful fresh look on York Place.  Not only that, they supply cakes from Manna House and have excellent coffee.A great flat white and a morish almond crossiant later and I want more.  Yeap it's that place, that you could get hooked on!The staff were friendly and knowledgable too.  It's ashame i don't live nearer as this is a highlight for being in town for!
5	A lovely little, hipster style coffee shop. Clean, slick design and beautiful decor.Free wifi combined with exceptional coffee... Awesome. I had a flat white & will try a loose leaf tea next time.
5	Had a really great macchiato here. The espresso was bright and citrusy and the foam done just right. Simple decor with a few small tables and one wall with bar seats.
