5	Maison  Boulud in the newly renovated Ritz Carlton is the creation of a Great Chef Daniel who has a passion for perfection. We dined there recently and at different times Brunch on Fathers Day in their what I call "The Garden of Eden" which included their famous burger with the most amazing fries, lunch included an appetizer the tropezienne salad a refreshing just right mix of greens with a vinaigrette that we need to have them share with us the recipe. Now dinner has a variety of amazing dishes starting with the duo salmon or the scallop which were served by an extremely professional staff and were to die for. Our main meals consisted of a pasta with clams with a mouthwatering creamy without the cream sauce. The cod was served with a touch of olive oil and was so fresh that it's a must try dish in Montreal.Our friends were so impressed with the decor and the setting sitting inside a glamorous but not overly done restaurant that has a garden as its setting. Was it expensive not more than any other first class restaurant in our beautiful city and yet the quality and service led by Cyril their manager was above and beyond what we were expecting. The to die for desserts were a masterpiece of perfection in taste and presentation especially the chocolat coulant. This restaurant has again established Montreal as the gourmet capital of Canada and for that we thank you Daniel. Bienvenue a Montreal !!!
5	Glorious wine selection and divine food inspired by a great chef! The variety of options to choose from will definitely satisfy whatever craving you may have. The service is beyond fantastic and your order will always be served with the utmost perfection in mind.I'm a big fan of their Tropezienne Salad, Lamb Ravioli, and mouthwatering, perfectly cooked seafood (Salmon, Scallops, and Cod).Elegant, classy, creative, passionate and unique are just a few words to describe this gem at the Ritz Carlton! They have a beautiful garden in the back, with ducks quacking around the pond and the most relaxing ambiance.
4	When I was about to enter Maison Boulud I'll be honest: I thought it would be a high-end restaurant in a high-end hotel and that because of this it was likely to be a dinner with average food at an exorbitant price.I was wrong. I must say, I was quite impressed by this new Montreal restaurant. From start to finish it delivered on every level. First impressions rarely lie and I knew I might be in for a pleasant surprise when we stepped in and the Maitre D', Cyril (formerly from Europea), welcomed us by our names without having heard us speak anything but a simple hello. This shows professionalism, commitment and dedication to one's work and these qualities were further displayed when, before our dinner day, emails to the restaurant were promptly replied to, even at 8:30 AM, a time where most are either sleeping or trying to get into a semi-functional state. My wife had been in touch with him as it was a surprise birthday dinner and she wanted to make sure the vegetarian was well taken care of!It is important to note this. If the Maitre D is of this level it is very unlikely his staff will be any different and throughout the evening the staff proved this theory to be true. The service at Maison Boulud is excellent. The waiting staff strikes a perfect balance between high-end and casual. It is always very attentive without being stuffy. They are very friendly without trying to be your "buddy". They always make you feel like they are at your disposal without standing around like statues. They are constantly going around tables but you do not feel or notice their presence until you need them and magically here they are, just at the right time, and always willing to help in a way that doesn't make you feel like you're bothering them.I've been to numerous high-end restaurants and the service at Maison Boulud would best or match the very best of the group.Onto the food and as in all my reviews I will write about the vegetarian side of things. It offers a really interesting take on a restaurant as very often you will stretch the kitchen into dishes they don't normally make. The question usually is: will they copy paste something bland together or will they go out of their way to create dishes with creativity and flavor to it? This, in my admittedly biased opinion, really sets aside the best restaurants from the rest as it shows an extra level of dedication to their client base and, more importantly, that the kitchen has a wide array of skill sets and is willing to step out of its normal flavor and ingredient boundaries to create something special.On this, Boulud performed very well. To keep it simple I will rate each part of the meal in chronological order. Forgive me for the lack of description but since our meal i have forgotten some details.0 - Terrible10 - OrgasmicCocktail (9): Jade Green - I don't recall the name exactly but it was a beautiful green cocktail with cucumber/citrus/basil flavors. Very nice balance of flavors and an eye-catching ice centerpiece that gradually melts flavor into the glass.Bread (10): Yes I am rating bread but only for this review. The bread/butter at Maison Boulud is face-stuffing worthy. Simple fresh bread. I think we had 3 baskets. Small details like this once again separates the best from the rest. - 10Beet Salad (8): Beautiful presentation. When I saw the dish and tasted is when I knew the dinner would might be special.Butternut squash ravioli (9.5): Some of the best bites I've ever had. I would go back and eat 4 of those and call it a night. You just have to try it to understand, even my meat-eating wife was quite impressed!Mushrooms w/egg, emulsion and lettuce (7.5): This one was just OK. It was good, just less than everything else. Mix of mushrooms with an egg you break on top of it and mix. I felt like this one lacked a little extra flavor.Hazelnut potatoes w/vegetables (8.0): Never had hazelnut potatoes before but they were quite good. Perfectly fried. Crisp outside with a light golden color and soft as a pillow inside. A well done dish and I love seeing a generic ingredient like potato done differently.Lemon tart with roasted pine nuts, figs and ice cream (7.75): The only reason why I rate this a 7.5 is because my wife's dessert was mind blowing and mine wasn't. And I was the birthday boy! Ok, mine was quite good but I just wanted to eat hers as it was one of the best tasting dessert i've ever had :) And to finish the review, I'd also like to point out how beautiful the restaurant is. The decor is beautiful and just like the service, it retains the high-end feeling without making you feel like you should act differently. The colors and glass walls are especially beautiful and the fire "pit" in the middle is a great highlight.In conclusion, Maison Boulud is a must go in Montreal and while the price point is above average, it is worth the money, even for vegetarians.Vegetarian Food: 4.25Service: 4.85Value: 4.00
5	Daniel Boulud, where have you been all my life? How do you know when you are missing something that you have never been to, before? Simple... I want to go back for dinner tonight, tomorrow and the night after that.The decor is elegant and beautiful. The seating was so comfortable that I don't know why others can't be so comfortable. The table setting was elegant and understated. The bread was divine. The food flavourful. The presentation was so beautiful that you wonder if you should eat the food or take it home and put it on the wall. Art, that's what it was, art.Not since I have been in Paris in a Michelin starred restaurant have I had such beautiful and tasty food. And considering the service, the table, the comfort and the food, this is reasonably priced.Daniel Boulud, you will be seeing me, soon.
4	The duo de boeuf was amazing and the chocolat coulant heavenly.  Might be the best dessert we've had in years.Not to mention that the surroundings are fabulous.  The Ritz is back baby!
5	I am sometimes disappointed by foodie restaurants...  If I'm going to pay this much for dinner, it better be amazing.  Maison Boulud did not disappoint.  We had the tasting menu (all at the table must partake) and they accommodated all of our food allergies so  at times, we had 3 different dishes for 4 people.  The service was excellent.  Our sommelier, Alex was very enthusiastic and knew his wine.   He recommended a very tasty Pinot Noir that went with most everything on our menu.  -cheese biscuit-like amuse bouche and creamy broth soup started our meal perfectly.  So much flavor in that soup - eat it slowly for full effect.  -baby chicken was cooked so tender and accompanied by tasty poached radishes.  -butternut ravioli with pancetta (?) and milk foam made me pause with my eyes closed, "mmmmm..." I muttered as a reflex. -my husband's venison was so tender and tasted like high end beef filet... I must admit I was nervous about venison but really liked trying some of the meat. -short ribs with sweet bread... I was never a fan of sweet breat - the thought of thymus or pancreas was just too unappetizing and the flavor was never good enough to keep me from thinking, "I'm eating thymus."  But Maison Bouloud has changed me into a sweetbread lover - perfectly seasoned and cooked that I actually ate the large piece on the plate and wanted more.  -My husband reported his sea urchin dish was okay - flavor was overpowering of fish so some people would probably really like this.  -dessert - beautiful creations of "stained-glass" candy on cream with tiny crisp meringues and fruit.  Not too heavy, which was perfect for a very filling foodie meal.  My husband was actually stuffed!Beautiful contemporary ambiance in the Ritz Carlton.
5	Finally a place with class and where manners count.  I've had enough of the Joe Beefs and Au-Pied-de-Cochons of this city.  Exquisite food, excellent service and impeccable details, down to the napkins.
2	Disapointed for breakfast. Pricey for the quality-there's much better breakfasts in this town.  THere were good things and bad things: GOOD:  1. Very well executed eggs benedict, with spinach.  Very subtle and elegant. Potatoes were perfectly salty and nicely crispy. 2.  Pain perdu was wonderful with accompanying compote of cranberry which was not too sweet.  The creme fresche too.  3.  Great setting and decor.4.  Friendly service, if a bit lazy. Manager did not seem warm and welcoming. BAD: 1.   Green tea was badly executed.  Maybe 3-4 grams for 400ML.  Temperature about 190.  That is terrible, and tasted terrible.  It was prepared with a paper tea bag-most tea drinkers know that paper tea bags leave residual bad flavors, and this one did.  Green tea is supposed to be executed between 150-180.  3-4 grams should be about 120-180ml. Waiter insisted that the second green tea was called "crocetia" a Japanese tea.  I told him that I didn't believe there was any such Japanese tea, and asked him to bring the bag over.  He refused at first, and insisted that it was indeed Crocetia.  He  later did bring the bag.  It was not crocetia but kokeicha.  I didn't know if it was "formed" tea or "twig" tea, so I decided not to order since I was getting a pretty typical Quebec "I don't know and I'm not going ot find out experience".  The genmai cha was week, tasted bad and smelled funny.  The manager had to be told to take it off the bill despite my telling him the tea was bad.  Also a typical Quebec experience. 2.  The smoked salmon was supposedly made by an artisinal smoked salmon maker.  They need to find a better one.  Lemeac has much better salmon with real character.  Lawrence as well.  Both make their own.  This is a high end place and this salmon tasted almost as though they were trying to replicate a salmon that people who frequent ordinary delicatessens in New York might like.  It's color and texture were disapointing.  there wasnt' the firm waxy smoothness or the smokiness of a good Scottish or Norwegian style salmon.  It tasted like cheap deli nova which in NY mostly comes from the same provider.  It is too soft, a strange color and lacks firmness, smokiness and good flavoring. 3.  Presentation-great except for a pooling of grease on our plate under the potatoes. 4.  Didn't offer additional coffee-had to ask for my wife who had said, "maybe they charge for additional coffee".  5.  No bread provided-perhaps you have to order it and pay for it.  6.  Prices were high and the product was not as good as other less pricey restaurants for breakfast.7.  Manager had to be asked to take the tea off the bill-seemd a little testy about that.  Should have offered when I cgave him my comments.  Did not.  That is unacceptable in a restaurant like this.  8.  Bagel was hard and dry. 9.  Cream cheese was nothign special.  Tasted almost like store bought Philadelphia brand, though it was grainier.  I think maybe Daniel has too many restaurants.  Ramsay has the same problem. If you come to Montreal, you better make sure your staff is not carrying around a lot of Montreal service habits.
5	One of the best restaurant in Montreal. The food is amazing and loved the hospitality. Coming back again for sure.
2	Ok, Montreal is supposed to be a French town, so I had high expectation for our dinner at Maison Boulud. We had the prix fixe menu on Christmas Eve--there were hits and misses. But I can honestly say, I've had better French food in Chicago than there. I liked my foie gras terrine, the sweetbread (crispy outside and well seasoned), and my husband's dessert (some blood orange sorbet). I didn't like my veal, and I REALLY didn't like my husband's steak--it's weird, they both looked well cooked, mine was medium and my husband's steak was medium rare--but both were really chewy. One of the worst meat course I've had. Next time we are in town, we'd still stay at the same hotel, but probably won't eat at this restaurant again.
4	Very nice place, I brought my wife here for our anniversary and was not disappointing.  The sommelier was fantastic offering great wine pairings, the waiter took great care of us and the food was delicious.  I'd really like to go back during the summer as they have a nice open area in back with a man made pond.. I highly recommend going here.
4	Went there during the grand prix weekend, the chef Daniel was there with a big crowd. Food was delicious and the cocktail with the ice ball with flowers inside was superb. Would definitely go back.
5	Stayed here 3 nights in late July '13. Experienced breakfast, lunch and dinner, more that once. Service excellent, decor excellent, food - clearly worthy of their 3 Star Michelin status.
5	If you are a Daniel Boulud fan this spot delivers the goods!!!!    Staying at the Ritz Carlton and spotted the restaurant when we left to go to the spot the concierge booked for us. We walked in and out of the first place and then circled back and did a walk in table for four at Maison Boulud. Spectacular service and food. Started with the fresh Canadian oysters and a beautiful whiteburgundy off a well thought out wine list. Moved into the egg yolk ricotta filled ravioli with the black truffle sauce and finished up with the rack of suckling pig..   Absolutely spectacular evening. This is not a inexpensive or moderate priced restaurant but if you are a foodie who pays up for the food and the experience its worth every cent. Was psyched to learn theRitz serves breakfast in the same restaurant. Amazing cheese and meat course to start. Two at our table had thescrambled eggs with a huge serving of beautiful salmon . My daughter had the waffle with chocolate sauce and whipped Creme and I enjoyed the to die for Eggs Benedict ..    I wouldn't stay. Anywhere else and I will absolutely be back to Maison Boulud again.....I highly recommend it!    Trust me on this, just go, bring your amex card and close your eyes and enjoy.....
5	Love this place. Been her for Dinner, lunch, and breakfast. Outstanding quality, service, and food.  Go.
4	Beautiful ambiance. Service was excellent, our waiter was extremely friendly. We ordered the pan fried foie gras- melt in your mouth magic. Our entrees; bass, venison and squab. Everything was cooked to perfection, squab was my favorite. And then came desserts, the Madeleines were soooo good, the praline mousse... Mmm mmm good. Keep in mind this place is pricey but you are paying for Daniel Boulud "experience" so ambiance, service and high end French cuisine. Good spot for an anniversary dinner or a special occasion.
3	My husband and I took my daughter here for her 19th birthday. This is a beautiful restaurant and bar. We sat at the bar and each had a glass of champagne. My bad for not asking the price. It was 28 dollars a glass. I think the bartender should have mentioned this.We were shown to our table and offered water. It was easily 15 minutes before  someone came to take our orders. In the meantime someone else came by to let us smell the first white truffle of the season.  We kept waiting for someone to ask us about wine. It was never clear who our waiter was. It was at least 20 minutes and then our appetizers appeared!I suggested that perhaps we should talk to the sommelier first. They took the appetizers back. Another five minutes or so, and the sommelier arrived, as if everything was going according to plan. We explained what happened and she came back with wines to match our meals.  The appetizers reappeared and we had our first course.We sat for awhile and then another person came by to tell my husband that several people had returned the veal  due to toughness so he did not want my husband to order it. Strange as I had seen a post regarding their veal being tough back in 2012 as well. He changed his order. The sommelier arrived with wine selections for our main course. We waited at least 20 - 30 minutes for our mains to arrive. About half way through our meal, we were out of wine. We could not get anyone to stop to get another glass. Eventually someone came by, then, they had to find the sommelier who had to find the wine and pour it for us.We carried on as it was a special evening for our daughter.We each ordered dessert. The the sommelier arrived back to say she was giving us complimentary port due to the problems we experienced. Then two people arrived back with two more desserts telling us they were complimentary due to the troubles.No one thought to ask us if we wanted or liked port, or why 3 people who had already ordered desserts would want two more.The service was just bad. The front of house seemed to be confused about who does what.The bill was $550 before tip.We have dined at Bouley in NYC and the bill was higher than that for two people,but was worth every penny.This was not.I should say the food was quite good, but sadly the service really spoiled the experience.
3	Located in the newly renovated Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Maison Boulud has all the ingredients to be a staple on the Montreal restaurant scene. Daniel Bouluds (of Cafe Boulud Fame in NYC) new high-end restaurant has been opened for nearly three weeks and has started to create a buzz. While the lunch and dinner menus look fantastic, it was the brunch menu that piqued our interest. There are only a few options available on the high-end brunch (Renoir, Cafe Birks), so this was a welcome addition.First, before getting to the food, lets discuss the restaurant itself. The space is quite large, but with relatively few tables and feels both busy and intimate at the same time. Expertly decorated, the centrepiece is the open kitchen, where Chef Boulud could be seen working the pans on a recent Sunday morning. Despite the renovations, the hotel decided to keep the inner garden, and the restaurant has a beautiful terrace overlooking the duck pond. Now on to the food! The brunch menu consists of entrees and main courses, available a la carte or in a prix fixe style. Though more expensive than your regular scrambled eggs and bacon (36$) the meal comes together quite well. Numerous salty and sweet options are available. For the main course, everything from french toast to home made gnocchi to the classic hangover beater steak and eggs are available. We opted for two classic dishes, the gravlax with latkes and the croque madame. While far from extravagant, the attention to detail raise these two dishes from regular brunch to four star level. Not to be overlooked are the fries accompanying the croque madame which may be some of the best in the city.Our waiter seem to have no idea how to handle his completely packed section. Luckily, after long waits between arriving, receiving coffee and ordering, the very nice Maitre D' stepped in and took care of our service.Final Verdict : We will be back, if only to spend a night on that beautiful terrace.
3	I think we came on an off-night because our experience was nothing like all the spectacular reviews written about this place! :(Hubby decided to bring me here for my birthday dinner a couple nights ago, and we were super excited given all the great things written about this restaurant.Upon arrival, our car was immediately taken to be parked ($16, not bad) and we were taken into the restaurant where our coats were put away and we were shown to our seats in the quieter area of the restaurant near the back terrace. The restaurant was clean, dimly lit, and well furnished. The main spectacle was the open kitchen where you could see Chef Boulud preparing all the meals (only saw this in passing since we were seated in a different section of the restaurant).We initially wanted to order the degustation menu, but since they wouldn't tell us what dishes they were going to serve (surprise style), we decided against it as I'm a bit of a picky eater (ps. If you want the tasting menu, everyone on your table has to have it too.. Something I found a little strange). Anyways we ordered the following dishes:Appetizers: Cheese stuffed ravioli (was swimming in a soup kind of thing. Not very good.. Was missing something) and the cocoa marbled foie gras (ok but not as amazing as it sounds. It needed to be more..moist.. Also it wasn't too flavorful. Main dishes: Duo de boeuf (just ok. You can get better tasting meat at Gibbys...) and the Pot au feu (was so excited for this one... Came with several pieces of beef, one small cube of chicken with a crispy crust, and small pork stuffed raviolis. The beef was good, but again, better at Gibbys. The chicken was a little dry. The ravioli were undercooked so I didn't eat most of them). Side: wild mushrooms (hefty portion that we couldn't finish. Good but too salty) Dessert: Baba au Rum (so so disappointing) and the chocolate lava cake (finally something phenomenal).All in all, the food wasn't really good...a 2/5..martinis were very strong and tasty so 5/5.. Service was impeccable so 5/5.. And prices are what you expect them to be so no comment haha. I'd give this restaurant an overall 3/5 for the great service and drinks but will definitely not be back.....
5	I went there for lunch just because it was closed to the Fine art museum, which I was visiting. Their Launch menu was simple but fantastic. Their wines by the glass are also interesting!
5	Really enjoyed my prix fixe Valentine's Day dinner here.  My husband and I had tried to get a sort of last-minute table here for other special occasions and you really should reserve ahead.  Anyways it was one of the pricier tables.  After reviewing the menu we were not expecting a lot.  However, our meal was delicous and the sommelier does a wonderful job.  Very impressed on balance with our wine flight pairing.  I rarely get to say that.  Based on one visit, for me - this is as good as it gets in Montreal for the food alone.  The environment is a bit stale but perfect for a special occasion and romantic as we were seated by the fireplace and our server was just perfect and really made everything right.  I lived in the NYC area for 5-6 years and it has become my benchmark for fine dining world wide.  I have tried at least 80% of the top fine dining restaurants in Montreal.  Recently, Chasse et Peche which was our second though we've been to Le Filet their sister restaurant many times (another favorite of mine), Chez l'Epicier and Europea last month.  What I look for in a great restaurant experience is to be surprised for a 1 or more dishes.  So I also look at the ease of obtaining the ingredients (it it hard for me?), interesting flavor profiles/ pairings, superlative freshness of course and advanced techniques that either I'm not familiar with or I might be but it would just be too much effort to coordinate at home.  That having been said I did not think that the dishes were too busy or that some flavors were mentioned in the description but didn't really show up in the final plate.  Personally I would love to see more restaurants like Maison Boulud here in Montreal.  Boulud's flagship is in NYC where he operates 5 restaurants or so.  So happy to have found this place.  I'll be looking for consistency.  Looking forward to trying a cocktail!  We'll be back soon.
5	What a great experience.  I have been there 2 or 3 times, and had an excellent meal and a great evening every time.  Exceptionally good staff, very knowledgeable, welcoming, polite and professional.  Excellent menu.  Very attractive decor.
5	Just finished a fabulous brunch today on a beautiful Sunday afternoon in Montreal. The reservation was for 130pm and the atmosphere was spectacular. Located right next to the Ritz Carlton hotel, the 2 of us were nestled in our own oasis with a pond and beautiful scenery (please see pic). Brunch is 39 dollars for 2 courses (app and main or main and dessert) or 49 for 3 courses. We went for 2 courses. To start we both had the baby beet salad, ruban blue fresh goat cheese, pistachios and watercress. Wow...what a salad. So fresh and each mouthful was heaven. Next up, I had the Louis d'Or stuffed agnolotti pasta, tarragon sweet peas and green asparagus. The pasta is housemade and again, wow...I didn't want it to end. My friend ordered the housemade smoked salmon and sunny side egg, potato latke, creme fraiche, red onions and capers. She seemed to really enjoy it! Great service, great food and amazing atmosphere. Worth checking out and make a reservation so that you can sit outside!
4	Great date night spot! The outdoor patio area was absolutely beautiful! Must great the  chocolate coolant for dessert! Great service as well!
5	Brunch at Boulud is the way every week-end should start. Perfect garden terrace, delicious food and incredible service. The Brunch formula is 39$ for a 2-course and 49$ for 3. Fancy brunch, yes. But Oh so worth it.Try the classic Vitello Tonnato to start - it's perfect!I will definitely go back.. over and over again!
4	Maison Boulud is one of the better fine dining establishments in Montreal. The price tag may be steep for some and lend itself to only special occasions for others, but the food, service, and atmosphere make up for any hesitations you may have concerning the price.The quality of service I would put second to none as there were always people coming around to fill up glasses of water and just be in the vicinity to ensure you are taken care of without being over bearing so you can enjoy your special evening. The food is amazing and lives up to the name and reputation of its chef's namesake. The dishes are creatively presented and put together to have that elegant and formal presentation, with the tastes being just as good. The seasonal menu is not large, but balanced with a few options in each category such as pastas, fish, meats, and specials. I started off with some oysters and a tomato salad appetizer that was delicious! The beef duo as the main course was amazing with 2 different cuts of meat that were both tender and cooked to perfection. Lastly, the atmosphere is as classic as the Ritz within which the restaurant resides. I have never eaten inside but the setting looks intimate and classy as you walk past the fire and bar to the back covered patio, which is beside a duck pond and grassy area in the back courtyard. The furniture is simple and comfortable to create an atmosphere for a great evening.The only thing holding back the 5 star rating is that amongst the great restaurants to chose from in Montreal, this one is among the top of the price range so I feel there are better values out there for great food. However, I still feel it is one of the better places to try for that special occasion or elegant date.
3	Meh. I have not been impressed here or at Daniel for dinner. Lots of places I would go to ahead of this
3	Maison Boulud is a ritzy place which is fitting given its location inside the Ritz Carlton Montreal.  This is your typical overpriced restaurant with tiny, pretentious portions which I can't say are highly memorable.  The food is top quality and well-executed, but there's something left to be desired.  The sockeye salmon is a very good dish as is the filet beuf, but aside from the meat on the dish, all the other trimmings on the plate are uninspiring and simply there for fluff.  You leave the restaurant still feeling hungry with a large dent in your wallet.  Overall conclusion:  the food is not commensurate with the prices.
5	We came here for our anniversary, and ordered the degustation (tasting menu). However, as I was craving a nice foie gras with my dinner which was not part of my degustation, they were kind enough to make up a plate to accommodate us. Every plate we received was different. Thus instead of having 6 dishes, we were able to have 12 to share. Our experience was wonderful, and we look forward to our return. Exceptional food & service.
3	The hard product here is fine, the food is good enough and the atmosphere is very nice (especially the outside dining area in the back). What I found lacking was the service, which felt very cold and sterile. The food itself was not particularly memorable but was satisfactory if going for a casual business lunch.Overall it was a very average dining experience and I feel would be best suited for a meal only if your in the area and out of options.
4	Of course this place is elegant and classy, and as one would expect, not inexpensive. We went for a large family breakfast and were seated in a private alcove as all the window seats were taken. Though the buffet and menu options were limited, the kitchen quite willingly accommodated our special requests.    The buffet option didn't seem worth it as the offerings were only fruit and sundries. We ordered a la carte and were pleased with our meal, though not blow away. The service was nothing short of the Ritz standard. The most stand out was the COFFE (I must have had at least 10 refills) and the French toast.
4	3.5 stars rounding up to 4 for brunch.I am a little torn about this review. The food here deserves a solid 5 stars. Monsieur Boulud lives up to his reputation and I have yet to be disappointed by his food. (LOVE Daniel in NY) The presentation, taste and creativity of his food is amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed our food here. It was delicious!What I found surprising was the service. We frequent the Ritz(s) back at home - San Francisco, Half Moon Bay, Marina Del Rey, Lake Tahoe and have gotten used to a standard of service that I didn't quite find here in Montreal. We, by no means, had terrible service, but we didn't have great service either. It was the little things...my mimosa was forgotten, my silverware was forgotten so I had to ask for a set after my food arrived, our waters weren't refilled...it was just not something I expected to happen here at the Ritz. On the other hand, the gentleman in the front who fetched our coats for us was great so we at least left on a happy note.The Ritz is beautiful though. Next time, we'll have to come try the champagne bar and afternoon tea.Food:Crispy fried egg with ham and marinated mushrooms - perfectly balanced with the sweetness of the mushrooms and the saltiness of the ham and creaminess and crunchiness of the egg. Really tasty!Greek yogurt and berries - berries were sweet and the yogurt was thick and creamyEggs Benedict - the man friend had no complaints. He doesn't usually like eggs benedict but loved this.Skate wing - beautiful presentation and incredibly tasty. The skate wing was a little bit crispy outside and moist inside. Loved it!!Mini Madeleines - these were sooo good...I couldn't stop eating them. They came out warm with powdered sugar on top. Light and fluffy with a little zing of lemon. Addicting!
5	Had brunch here on New Year's Day. Absolutely fabulous food!  Artfully presented you feel bad even eating eat!  Brunch was a three course set menu.  It was a bit overwhelming at first as it seemed like a lot of food, but the courses were well balanced and of good proportion. They appeared and tastes rich but were not too filling.
