5	Fun drinks from Tickled Pink (pink lemonade with vodka in slushy form) to Cable Cars, this place is a fun little in between fruity bar in the middle of Studio Walk (located inside the MGM Grand). The bartenders are sweeties and have good convo skills. Other delights available: microbrews, domestic and imported beers, jello & regular shots. AND they have fun cups with straws that you get to keep lol
4	its shure ist hott in vegastheesh drink shurrrrrrrrr have lotz of boozerum, vodka, tequila, or mizzes them all up, yumtoooo bad i cant order these wen i am sittiing at the bl;ackkkjack table*hiccup*
2	Small lounge on the way tothe pool at the MGM Grand.There is nothing grand about this place ......The Pina Colada ..... exactly like a snow cone ! ! !What a surprise.Drinks have no flavor .... they are like shaved ice........Drinks have a faint taste of pineapple and coconut.Devoid of alcohol32  hints that the drinks contain spirits.Do they really ???Kids coming back from the pool could drink here ........there is no need to be 21 to get served ....... there is no alcohol ! ! !People coming from the pool in need of that cool drink are happy to stop here on a 103 degree afternoon. They are already tanked from the pool and think this place is great.Drinks at the pool are supurb .....so you expect them to be good here as well .......   no they are not !So try 32 again when you are sober ..... and see what you think ......Buyer beware.$ 9.00, $11.00 or even the bargain size at $12.00For "shaved ice" ??????Good service - hence two stars.Come on MGM - you can do better than this ........ripping off pool customers ............... man-o- man !!
3	Decent. I was actually trying to find Fat Tuesday in the gigantor MGM Grand Hotel when I stumbled along 32 degrees.  I had a mango margarita in what I remember to be a gallon size bucket. I mentioned to the bartender (more like shouted out with a typical girlie "woo-hoo") that it was my birthday and he gave me free Jell-O shots.i was in bed at 9:00 PM and it was at least partially due to this place.
4	Hey guys! ALWAYS get an extra shot in your slushy, girly drink! Trust me!!!We bought two huge pina coladas and didn't even feel tipsy after downing the whole thing. But, when we went to the one at the pool, we got two small pink vodka lemonades with an extra shot, and we were good to go! All drunk by the pool, hell yeah! It was an awesome morning :)At the inside location at MGM Grand, the bartender gave us free jello shots. Really nice gesture, but man they were NASTY!
4	This was my last stop before going to Wet Republic... Don't remember much after that. But i do remember it was hot as hell outside (it started to rain pretty hard for about 10 mins... wtf?) and i thought this place was a mirage. I got the biggest cup/jar/whatever its called they had, laced it with 3 more shots (in addition to what was already in it) and 4-5 jello shots. Its vegas. Its ok to do stuff like that here.
2	The Happy Hour prices are great!  32 Degrees has a nice selection of beers.  However, there are two things that I dislike about this place.1. Slow Service.  I've been to 32 degrees several times and the service is almost always slow.  Sometimes it's maddeningly slow.2. Loud Atmosphere.  The bar is open to the casino.  This detracts from the ambiance of the place.  It's almost always loud and the clanking of the slot machines gets annoying at times.If you are willing to overlook the lack of service and lack of ambiance, this can be a fantastic and economical place to do happy hour.  If you are looking to be treated with great service, this is not your place.
5	Great!!!!!!!!!! The jello shots were strong. The drinks weren't but it's okay. It's okay.
1	Lame and overpriced.  Good location close to the pool but really crappy, small and not worth it.  I had the frozen mojito and I barely tasted any alcohol.
4	There is no water or non-alcoholic smoothies here. Just alcoholic smoothies, but why would you want to have anything else in Vegas? =DMost the flavors had a tropical theme, like pina colada, mango, hurricane, etc etc. They were in premixed dispenser thingies (similar to an icee/slurpee machine). We got a mango smoothie with a vodka shot, which came in some kinda test tube. Well the drink was so cold it froze the vodka inside and we had to shake it out. It was a good smoothie. Nothing extraordinary about it. But that vodka did work its cloudy-judgement-inducing powers eventually....
1	My friends and I were walking around MGM and couldn't find Fat Tuesday, and instead came across 32 Degrees. Not knowing there was a Fat Tuesday downstairs, we settled with this place.I couldn't believe how high the prices were! At Fat Tuesday, I usually get a half yard for only $12. I paid $22 for a half yard at 32 Degrees, and there wasn't even that much alcohol in it. Not to mention, the Strawberry Daiquiri was wayyy too sweet and syrupy. The first sip of your yard will be ok, and you'll think it's pretty good, but once you get to the middle, you get tired of the taste. I shared this with my cousin and we couldn't finish it. Also, the jello shots were $2, and at Fat Tuesday they are only $1!Save yourself some money, and go to Fat Tuesday! If you're at MGM, go to the lobby then go down the escalators. It'll be the first thing you see on the right side. There are also other Fat Tuesdays at other hotels. Trust me, it's way better than 32 Degrees, and you will get more bang for you buck, for sure!
2	Overpriced sugary dreck filling station.  But it's laced with 151.  You'll need it to brave the Studio Walk.  Way overpriced.
4	Always stop here in MGM on the way to a UFC card. More expensive then Fat Tuesday but the tickled pink is amazing!
3	Mango Margarita!Came across this place during one of Pacquiao's fights at MGM... you pay initial full price for first time visit but you can always come back for $11 refill. I'm not really an alcohol drinker so the amount of alcohol in the drinks was just right for me. I found the Mango Margarita to be my favorite! Most of the drinks are a variety of fruity selections. This is located in MGM as you head to the Grand Arena and other shops.
1	Granted, we did visit here after later at night on a Saturday night in a place where people drink all day. The bar area was a total mess with empty jello shot cups all over and it was extremely sticky. There were two men working and they both seemed extremely flustered like the line was too much for them to handle. The man that helped us seemed to be in his 40s-50s and spoke very little English but could at least tell us what each of the colors meant. The prices were really high for what you got but at least there was alcohol in it! We ordered a total of 4 jello shots and a medium sized mojito that I sipped on all night. :) The one star is for the cleanliness of the bar area. If they were to invest in a trash can and a hot, soapy towel they would have received more stars. But really, who cares when it's late at night and you're in Vegas and just want to have fun? Me. That's who. I notice these things. And trust me. You couldn't miss it.
5	I'm so biased ~ I LOVE LISA the Bartender!I seek her out each time I visit Las Vegas, and it is so worth it.Where else in the world can you go get drinks and berated at the same time?"Listen up sluts, let me tell you the specials!"She's also psychic ~"Here's a free jello shot for the Birthday Girl!" (Please note that we made no mention of my friend's birthday, nor was she wearing anything indicating it was her birthday)She's simply awesome!Besides, Happy Hour is 4pm-10pm.
4	I was pretty pumped when I was walking by 32 degrees and I saw "Tropical Mojito" after 5 different bars telling me they have all been out of mint!! What I missed however, was that it basically came in a slush-like form. So although I did enjoy the mint taste, I wasn't necessarily a huge fan of the tropical part of it. Either way, not terrible!
1	Our bar tender here was pretty rough around the edges cussing every sentence.  This could just be the kind of atmosphere they are trying to portray.  He also claimed he doesn't know math and gave us more beers than we asked for which we paid for. Only plus I saw was it had a convenient location on the walkway.
5	Best frozen slushy drinks we've had to date in Vegas. Jell-O shots are a great deal! They usually give you a free one too! We got a free Jell-O shot every time we went lol. We went 3 different times and every time it was a different bartender and they were all awesome and very nice! Have no complaints about this place at all. Cool little place to stop for some quick drinks.
5	Depending on how ya like em, you may need a extra shot in your frozen drink. Unless you get a jello shot.. WHOOO boyy
4	Went to Vegas to get married and have a honeymoon adventure. Stopped by this place just for a sec and wound up staying a while, soaking in the local color.  Lisa proved to be an excellent hostess; made sure everyone was "mixing" and sharing colorful stories.  Tell her Big Joe sent you and get a jello-shot! (you may get one without doing it, but why take the chance?)
4	Lisa was great, jello shots were strong, and she definitely kept it real and funny. I recommend to anyone who wants some cheap drinks with a chill bartender
4	Make this your first stop, get the refillable to-go cup, and enjoy cheap refills for the duration of your stay. We were staying at the MGM Grand Signature Towers and passed by here on our way to explore the casino. Lisa was very friendly and gave us plenty of samples of the different flavors and advised us on proper refill strategy. The drinks are pretty sugary and the amount of alcohol could be increased, but the refill policy makes it worth it. Just don't try to drink too fast because you will get brain freeze.
1	If you want overpriced drinks consisting of processed, chemical-laden sugar/syrup that will get you closer to having diabetes than an actual buzz (with a poor selection to boot), this is your place. The woman, Lisa, who served the 32 oz. Mango Margarita to me was your stereotypical foul-mouthed, abrasive East Coaster who was passed her prime by at least a decade and a half. The price on the menu said it was $16, but she said it was $17 for some reason. Um, what?! Then, she hands me back two singles and throws some change on the counter in front of me. Good lookin' out there, sweetheart! Worse yet, the cocktail had practically no alcohol in it. An all-around huge waste of money and calories.Go to Fat Tuesdays or Evening Call and you will actually get what you pay for - mostly friendly staff, souvenir drink container, the actual amount of alcohol you paid for, more than 4 or 5 variants of frozen cocktails, professionalism, etc.
