4	Ok, so it looks like the Stratosphere is doin some thangs...Air Bar is their new bar on level 108.  The old lounge on 107 is still there, but this one is updated and suprisingly, pretty damn swanky.  They've got a glowing neon bar, funky little seats, and of course...that killer view.  No cover, reasonably priced drinks and a halfway decent DJ creating a club atmosphere, NOT a lounge atmosphere.  Some seating by the windows if you just want to chill, but plenty of space to dance.    Thursday night was pretty empty (with nobody dancing), but I will be back to check it out on the weekend.  Airbar was a stop for us after dinner, and before Artisan....and that was perfect.  Probably not a place you hang out all night, but a fantastic pit stop.   A few steps up from Air Bar is the outdoor observation deck.  Standing out there with your drink, enjoying vegas night breezes, and laughing at tourists scream/ regret getting on those death-trap rides makes it a definite must-visit.
3	My heart aches for a good bar with no reputation. We hit the Air Bar after our Strat rides. The bartender was friendly, the cocktail waitresses were hoochies (classy, useful hoochies!) and the DJ played sweet jams like R. Kelly's Step in the Name of Love. But outside my group, there were no other customers. This was around midnight on a Saturday night, y'all. A freaking convent sees more action. Part of a bar's appeal is the crowd it draws, which I realize is a catch-22 but isn't any less true. I'd like to bump my rating to four stars as an affirming 'You can do it, kitty!' show of affection, but then I'd have to start rating all businesses on potential and that's not terribly useful.
2	This is a little bar on the 108th floor of the Stratosphere on the LV strip. The design is open, neon green with funky bar seats with an up and down level on the side of the seats. The bartender was kinda dry and the drinks were small and pricey.
1	This has got to be the worst bar in all of Vegas.  There is a weird mixed vibe of people in jeans & sweatshirts who just jumped out of the tower (or are planning too) with women decked out in sparkly mini dresses.  Plus, the bartenders seem to hate their lives, have major attitude, and charged me for $18 for RAIL rum & coke (after letting me know they didn't have Jack Daniels or Captain Morgan - seriously?!?  You're a BAR!)
4	we hit this place up for our New Year's festivities. it was $199 a head for 4-hour open bar (top shelf), food, and a DJ...that's actually one of the cheaper things that was going on that night in Sin City!the view is awesome. Vegas' eerie neon glow is even crazier at night, 108 floors high.fireworks shooting down from the tower was goddamn epic. if you remember the scene in Starship Troopers where they land on Klendathu and the bugs are firing back at the ships, that's what it reminded me of.bartenders were swift and for the most part made good drinks. and a champagne fountain meant I was triple-fisting the bubbly.food - they had carving stations, pulled pork sliders, crab cakes, and lots more in the "upscale finger foods" spectrum. delish.there's not really a centralized dance area, but the DJ was pretty good.what was really good was that while the open bar was only supposed to be from 9 to 1, they kept it open til about 2 or 2:30. considering people didn't get up there until 9:30 anyway due to Stratosphere's security lines, that was awesome.I had a blast. so did my friend who passed out on the casino floor later on, but that's a story for another time...
3	Really, this place wouldn't qualify as anything but a quaint little lounge, except that it has one of the world's greatest views, that of the Las Vegas strip & valley because it sits up on the 108th floor of the Stratosphere Tower.     There was no DJ or scene happening when we came here, so we just passed thru it on our way around the observation deck.   I suppose in the evening, if the look down on Las Vegas doesn't get your head spinning, you'll be able to get a good drink or 2 here that will!
4	Once we arrived to this floor, immediately the view from the tower was a sight to see! If you think Vegas looks cool to see from that sight in the daytime, just wait till the night hits. This is more like a lounge, so there weren't too many people here. We were here to celebrate part two of my Birthday festivities. I liked that this club had a Live DJ that actually plays GOOD Music. He played a lot of old school music even including the Cupid Shuffle. I'll explain more of that later. Now lets talk about the Two Bartenders. Both of them were very friendly and off the hook! Got a chance to take a picture with both as I bot lots of drinks from them, lol. Let me just say they make some pretty mean drinks as well. The Filipino guy says that he is Manny Pacquio's main bartender even showing my friend many pics of him serving Manny at that bar. That was a neat little fact as well. Now onto the dancing, Vegas brings out a lot of the good dancers, bad dancers, and of course like me some of the drunk dancers. haha. Once the Cupid Shuffle started playing a few more ladies started to join us on the dance floor. I was trying my best to get some people to join us for more dances. My crazy ass even went up to a table and did some of my stripper moves for these Colorado natives, lol. We did teach these Russian folks some swag with the stanky leg. My friend told them to imagine like you stepping on a cockroach. lol that was too funny! The Dj stopped playing music at 2am and we left with a great experience. People including my group from Cali, Chicago, Russia, Colorado and more were all in the same room dancing with each other. That was a great experience that I wont find again only in Vegas. Had a Great Birthday celebrating there, just a positive environment. Wish I can figure out everyone's names though..lol
4	Rolled in late after a cheesy topless review on a lower level.... LOVE the views and musicHATE the ghetto occupantsIt was really dead...like scary end of the world dead with only 8 people scattered around the floor dancing. On a Saturday night in Vegas this was just weird. Not sure why - maybe the location but it was sad that such a great view was wasted. The best entertainment was our friends super-freaking as their fear of heights were amped up by the crazy rides and 'base jumping' option.I'm giving it 4 stars for potential and the ability to roll in with a group of your homies and OWN the joint if you play like that!
3	Air Bar is a bar located at the top of the Stratosphere Hotel. I stumbled upon Air Bar when I came by the Stratosphere to ride the rides at the top of tower.The bar is okay nothing special.Best parts of Air Bar, is one you can get a reasonable priced beer, only 3 dollars for a Miller Lite, compared to the 8 and 9 dollars you'll pay other places on the Strip, this is quite the bargain. Also of the course the view is great, you can look down on Vegas at night and it is a great sight.Bad parts, are nobody was really there, most of the people there were just passing through like I was on their way to the rides.  Music was playing but it also wasn't anything spectacular.Air Bar is worth the visit if you're staying at the Stratosphere or are there to visit the rides, the cheaper drinks and view are worth a visit if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to check it out.
3	It's a great view of the city any time of day.  Don't bother with the airbar unless it's in the happy hour time frame when you can get $3 shots.  I wouldn't have paid the $13pp to go up to the 108 floor. I say take the free trip up if your staying there, if not don't bother.
4	Gorgeous view of the strip and a nice way to get a drink in a relaxing quite environment.  I like that it wasn't busy.  Spending several days in Vegas it's nice to have a place where I can get away from the crowds and not have it be my hotel room.  The bartender was nice and he didn't skimp on the drinks.  Guests of the Stratosphere can get up here for free, which is awesome.
4	Loved the view.  Service was slow though.  But I'd definitely say it's worth the wait :-)
4	This bar has breathtaking views of Las Vegas. My husband and I stopped here after I nearly died from a heart attack after being talked into going on the big shot. The bartender was completely inundated with large groups of people coming in at once,  but handled it well. The drinks were tasty and the views incomparable, what else do you need?
4	Oh nothing special here...just a bar 108 stories up overlooking the Vegas strip. Have you ever had a drink this high? I don't know if it's the altitude but man after one cocktail I felt like a freshman at frat party. The world was spinning, I was dancing Michael Jackson's Thriller and I'm pretty sure I highfived an Italian dude and told him gelato rocks!We came to AirBar to get a drink - and if you know me you know I rarely drink, but we figured...why not! We took the elevator up 107 stories - now if you know me you also know I am terrified of heights. For whatever reason I felt "alright" being this high above. Maybe it's because Vegas doesn't feel like real life. It feels like Disney World...and well..people don't fall and plummet to their deaths at Disney. That made me feel better.I don't even remember what drink I got...but it was tasty. Something sweet. It didn't taste strong, but after chugging that bad boy down I was feeling like Zab Judah in a fight with Kostya Tszyu (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2o7A3rMN6Co)The views are awesome. You can see the strip, take in some of the views and enjoy a cocktail, or beer. It was pretty quiet when we were there and more than enough space to move around.The loudest part were some crazies who were partaking in the rides above. We saw dangling feet as someone was on a machine that suspends you off the side of the building and spins. I could of drank 2043 of those drinks and never of had the liquid courage to try that ride out. It made my stomach drop just seeing someone else do it!This should really just be a quick pitstop. Maybe the start to the night? Before the clubs or the shows, stop in here and grab a drink, take in the views...then head out.
