3	This has to be a new one. Looks very nice and clean. People where helpful and nice. Has to be The best one I have ever been to.
1	Every time I go into a Walmart, I spend the hour after I leave wondering why I went again...  It could be the very decent prices or the fact that I had a gift card..., but the frustrations with lines, poor service and other customers having poor manners makes it not worth it.  I'd rather be at Target where they give good service, customers are courteous, and lines are shorter.
2	Run of the mill Walmart. Bad service, lacking in open registers, long lines that take forever, rude customers but the shelves are decently stocked with what I need when I go. Would much rather be at Target but the good deals and location being so close to home is hard to beat.
4	I like this Walmart. Clean, friendly. However, Saturday and Sunday this place can get packed, busy and super long lines. Don't make the same mistake as me, go on a different day and you won't as annoyed or pissed.
3	Is it me or does this place always look picked over?! There are never enough cashiers and when I do get to one they're just as grumpy as me! I'm all for  perusing while shopping but please don't leave your cart right in the middle of the isle and get all Huffington post when I say "excuse me" just be courteous people we both made the same dumb mistake on going hours before Super Bowl anyway!
3	I'm in Phoenix for two weeks and the hotel I am staying at has a full kitchen and with that being said....need to make a grocery store run to stock up the fridge with snacks and beer. I am normally not a fan of Walmart but ultimately what I thought was cool was they ran a price check with the other stores in the neighborhood and price matched everything in my basket which saved me like $15. I never knew anyone did such a thing like that, I guess its good in a sense and bad to where this big company makes it hard for small mom and pop joints to keep afloat.
3	What can I say about this or any other walmart, the workers are of questionable intelligence, the store looks like crap and the management couldn't be trusted to manage their way out if a wet paper sack. But we keep coming back because as much as we villainize Walmart for destroying small businesses we love their prices and convenience. I foresee the end of all small business, grocery stores, and even pharmacies and clinics under the weight of the mega monster we call our local neighborhood walmart, purveyors of big capitalism.
2	The store always looks dirty. It seems like everytime I go there is someone outside trying to sale or needs donations (not that I am not for giving) it takes away from shopping.It seems like there are never enough cashiers. What is the point in having all the lanes if there are only 2 open. I love how the store workers have side conversations and text on their phones. The floors usually are sticky and dirty. The workers some you can tell hate their job and are waiting for lunch or to get off. It makes you want to go to Target in stead and just pay the extra cost.
2	Service here is going down hill fast at this store!
1	Customer Service sucks. Last week I waited a half hour for fabric and then yesterday the employees were standing around as the return counter filled. I will never go back to this walmart. I wish I could post pictures,Outrageous.
1	We were here looking for leg warmers and we looked for assistance for about 15 minuets a and there was no one around and the cashiers that were there when we asked where we could find the leg warmers just replied in the clothes area and continued to talk to each other. Very annoying when you try to get help and people ignore you.
1	Really tired of being harassed by homeless people when I walk in. Every time I go here now I get stopped by someone homeless following me from the parking lot asking me if I can help them out.I hate to sound insensitive but really when I go to the store last thing I want is to see homeless people on the corner as I pull in then get chased down in the parking lot being asked for money.As for the store,...like every other Walmart. I'd say the customer service is worst than any I've been too though. Have to ask 3 people to call for help in a dept, not even for their help,...just call for help and I got attitude. And when you need help in self check out they are more concerned with their phones or flirting with other employees.
