5	I happened to walk by this cute little shop while browsing the shops over in Happy Valley and it immediately caught my attention. I mean for one it had free samples of bread and olive oil waiting for you to try. Sweet lord!!! I was in olive oil and balsamic vinegar heaven. Dawn was so very friendly and she explained to me that they opened about 6 weeks ago and how the process of their shop worked. They get their olive oils and vinegars from all over the worlds and the olive oils are rotated out often. The oils also range from very mild to very robust in flavor. Their were olive oils infused with wild mushroom, basil , chipotle, and garlic just to name a few. They also have these wonderfully 18 year aged balsamic vinegars that were out of this world. The fig and the black cherry were pretty good but my absolute favorite was the lavender balsamic vinegar. Dawn had me try it with a little bit of the basil extra virgin olive oil and it was so good, I ended up buying a bottle of both. They were so not on my grocery list but they were really that good. Plus those of you who know I like to cook know I will definitely be experimenting with these. If you happen to be in the Happy Valley area, and are exploring the shops over at Norterra, stop by Olive Creations. They also have different mustard's, olives, and jellies that you can also sample while you are there. Oh I forgot to mention, you can sample every single olive oil and every single balsamic vinegar so you know exactly what they taste like before you buy it and the prices are very, very reasonable. So all my chefs in the AZ area, go check this place out,, purchase a few things, and then call me so that I can come over for dinner!!
5	OMG used their garlic olive oil (which i just bought yesterday btw) in a homemade pasta dish-AHmazing! even my boyfriend commented how yummy the oil smelled when i opened the bottle. took dinner from tasty to fabulous! the store is great. all kinds of olive oils and vinegars, also sold pasta and sauces. the staff was very helpful and down-to-earth friendly. to top it off, they had a ton of samples and interesting suggestions for ways to use their products. what a great place, i will definitely be going back, most likely to buy their mushroom sage olive oil, which i scoped out yesterday. oh yeah, and very reasonable prices as well, $14 a bottle, 100% worth it! attractive packaging, i walked out with a cute little brown bag with green tissue paper, great gift idea for my mom i was thinking. AND they informed me at checkout that they have a loyalty program, get 10 stamps on your card get a bottle free or something along those lines. cant wait to get my card stamped again haha!
5	have been back MANY times since....on one occasion, they were sampling strawberries in a blood orange olive oil and traditional balsamic---FABULOUS and had to buy both. loaded up on a bday gift for my aunt while there, garlic olive oil, champagne vinegar, italian pasta, and a zinfandel mustard, which i must say, she loved. taking a cooking class there on wednesday, how exciting!
5	This store is like a drug! I cannot get enough of the yummy balsamic and olive oils. My latest haul includes a Persian lime olive olive oil and coconut white balsamic vinegar. Mix those together and marinate some shrimp in it. Baby can you say GOOD!!! Oh and I am also still in love with the Lavender balsamic and the Basil Olive oil but I think I may have a new second favorite and that is the Violet Balsamic. It is similar to the Lavender but has a distinct flavor that makes you go DAMN that is good. So many different flavors, so little money! LOL
5	We stumbled into this shop, Olive Creations. While wandering before the movies.  It took a moment to register that this wasn't another typical Norterra shop.  This was extra ordinary. Comforable, friendly and full of possibilities. My wife did love the Blood Orange, but my tate is different from her's, and prefered the more basic olive oils.  Frankly, it's openening my eyes to the great possibilites available, mixing and matching the varieties of balsamic vinegars and olive oils. Being able to sample is a great advantage.  I am looking forward to trying new combinations.
5	I love this place so much. The oils an vinegars are amazing and will do magical things to your cooking. The fact you can do tastings of everything is awesomr.
5	Second visit, I went to pick up some basic, oil and vinaigrette, but still spent a considerable amount of time chatting about ideas I had about getting more exposure for Olive Creations. I was helped by a different person in the store, who was very knowledgeable about all the varieties available, where it comes from and its tractability. I don't describe myself as a foodie, but just beginning to explore beyond the supermarket isles, and a bit wary of the extra expense, or why I would make a special trip, for oil and vinaigrette. For me, the selection could be overwhelming, if not for the staff, which are very attentive. A recipe book is available, although I think some pictures would help, and I did sign up for the mailing list so I could keep up with events. I'd like to know how to use this stuff better; after all, I do need to eat "better".Eating better need to be more satisfying, day to day, and such a place helps make that happen, now that I'm trying to wean myself from less healthful fare. Salad has always been Iceberg lettuce, cucumber, and tomato with some goopy dressing from a valley they keep hidden. Italian on a good day is something concocted with white vinegar, vegetable oil and seasoning from packet so I can feel that, I made that. Ok, I'm a little beyond that but not much, I've made and tasted a wider variety of lettuce and vinaigrettes, even experimented with something other than red sauce on my pasta. Yes, I want their help, educate me and I'll come back for more. I'll use more and won't be happy unless I get the good stuff shunning the supermarket as I now shun Mogen David.Olive Creation is in the North West Valley, at Norterra, just off Happy Valle and I-17, a nice place if you stop to walk through the shopping district. Olive Creations is a very nice looking place, but as other reviewers remarked and as I said," I stumbled onto the place and was delighted!" It' worth the trip if you're a foodie or not, just slide off the freeway and navigate the traffic circle, or if that is scary get off on Pinnacle Peak and go North on 19th Ave. to Happy Valley, then left to Norterra. Stop on your way to or from the Northern regions, Flagstaff, Sedona, and Anthem.Would I give directions if I didn't like the place? I have no stake other than wanting more, and that means they need to do well. Grab some pasta r or a variety of lettuce, stop by get some exotic oil and vinaigrettes and head out for a picnic next to Oak Creek. They have the pasta too, and reading this review you probably feel a bit like the young man helping me, and my wife who, wandered off while I was espousing my thoughts. I have two things and I'll be short, a chair or sitting area for my darling wife, I'm sure I'm not the first person to enter there and become completely enamored while my shopping partner, wanted to pull them away, to get on with it. My wife sat outside for half an hour, bless her. It was only after returning home, that I found out she wanted the Chipotle infused oil too. The sitting space might allow someone a little less interested to relax and give more time to their overly excited shopping partner a little more sampling time, before rolling the eyes and saying "Let's Go". The second, give me Idea's, pictures in the recipe book, or a couple on the wall, yummy salad or pasta, fish? Either a couple of big ones in the back to draw me further in or, but not over every variety, some small ones over the tasting area to give some suggestions and make me hungry. I'd probably splurge for the smaller bottles in the variety pack.
4	I really like this store, makes me feel like an aspiring chef!  Whoa, ok maybe not so much, but it does rock!  I'm sure we'll be back & make this place a ritual shopping spot for EVOO since we normally buy it to begin with for our home cooking.  It's very helpful that you can sample any, yes I mean ANY of the balsamic vinegars (BV) or extra virgin olive oils (EVOO), from there you can select & bottle your own (So cool, I know right!) or grab the one/s you desire to purchase.  Large bottles cost $15.50 each they also have small bottles & a small variety pack of 4.  I'm unsure of those prices since I only bought large bottles.  I went for the Blackberry Ginger BV & the Cilantro Roasted Onion EVOO, can't wait to whip something up with those today!  I like to add cilantro to most my Latin cooking to provide that extra zesty flavor.  They had a sampling event going on the day we were in & a very sweet & experienced lady named Nancy had made some delish lamb meatballs made with Blackberry Ginger BV & Basil EVOO.  They had other great tasting samples, but I don't recall the mixes used. They also sell tasty jellies, Holly Moses habanero sauce which is really good too & I believe I saw pastas available as well. They have so many great choices you'll be amazed!  If you like to shop locally like me or you're near the area def check them out.  It seems as though this is a family owned & operated business.  The staff is courteous & truly helpful.  Start your new kitchen creations today!
5	What a fantastic store. The owners are fabulous people. The selection is better than any of their competition. I love all of the flavors of oils and vinegars they have and the occasional cooking classes are a great opportunity to learn how to cook healthy and new ways to use our purchases.
5	Thank you for saving me this Valentines day!  What a great place to get a special gift that is different, not to mention great products.  I had no idea that there were so many great flavored balsamic vinaigrettes and olive oils and so many great things you can do with them.  Nicole helped me out and she was super nice and took the time to make a great gift bag with other good stuff.  It went over great with the wife so I am in the clear till the next gift....  Place inside is super nice and upscale location at Norterra that is not ever super busy so you can take your time and not feel rushed at all.
4	THEE Best place to get special Olive Oils and Vinegars. Love being able to taste everything before purchase.
4	Really cool store! You can taste everything which was great. Had some really yummy basalmic vinegars, maple and apple are two that stand out. Will definitely be getting gifts here in future.
