2	Be ready to wait when you come Madison East USCC.  Often have to wait 45-60 minutes. When you finally get to see an agent, they are always very helpful, pleasant, and patient. The employees seem very well trained. One downfall they have, and I have experienced this many times, is that the agent cannot take care of everything at their computer terminal. For some reason they always need to "call-in" some issues to the central office for some far-away person to perform a task for them. That itself wouldn't be bad, except that they are always put on hold for a long uncomfortable period of time.Us. cellular desperately needs to find some efficiencies in their customer service
2	THE BAD NEWS - 2 starsI've been to this store a few times and like most US Cellular stores, it is an unbelievable pain in the butt. You have to wait forever to speak to someone and when you finally get someone, they don't know what they're talking about. I've never had anything but a negative experience with a US Cellular store or with US Cellular for that matter. (No, I'm not a customer. My wife is and cell phones fall under my marital duties. The ONLY reason she is still with US Cellular is because she needs coverage in rural WI.)THE GOOD NEWS - 5 starsThe good news is actually great news and it has nothing to do with this particular store but rather the US Cellular kiosk just a short walk away in East Towne Mall. (I was not able to locate the East Towne Mall location in Yelp so I'm writing my ditty here.)  I typically try to avoid the mall but I was willing to do anything to avoid a walk-in US Cellular store. I had always heard that the mall stores weren't able to provide all the service of a typical walk-in store. This is false. You can do anything at the kiosk (no phone repair) that can be done at a walk-in store. There was no line. Just two employees who greeted us with gigantic smiles on their faces. Tory and Katie at the East Towne Mall US Cellular store do a fantastic job. Really fantastic. They were extremely friendly and professional and genuinely seemed to care about their job (unlike anyone at any other US Cellular store that I have ever encountered). They actually knew what they were talking about and for the first time ever we walked away with a positive US Cellular experience. My advice is to forgo the nearby US Cellular stores and hit the kiosk at East Towne Mall. Ask for Tory or Katie. They are extremely helpful. I implore the manager of this store to give these two a healthy raise.
2	Get ready to wait.  On a recent trip on a Thursday at 5:30 I was number 3 on the list.  However, I left after an hour of waiting.  I have no idea what friggin takes the same customer's over an hour at a cell store or what kind of unmotivated employees were working that day but the wait is unacceptable.  I counted at least 2 employees stocking endcaps instead of helping customers.  At least 2 workers left customers sitting alone at their terminals for 20 minutes to go do god knows what.  And it appeared that one employee, who was helping a couple, left the floor immediately after he spent over an hour with them.  To be fair I have had a few good experiences at this location, but overall I must say avoid it.
1	Service still sucks. Wsit forever but staff just sitting in their cubicles. Manager doing the same thing.  No sense of urgency.
