5	I adore local businesses and Strawberry Hedgehog is tops in my book.  Who doesn't love luxury handmade eco-friendly vegan bath and body products?  I first started my addiction at a Yelp Gets Schooled event at Whole Foods in Tucson.  Which I might add that I got hooked up with mega samples.  I met the owner Tracy Perkins  and she was so bubbly and refreshing.  Bonus, she is a geology instructor and I am a rock hound...so she is uber cool in my book.  If you are lucky, you will get to meet her...follow her fb for demo dates.  Tracy, a vegan, was tired of misleading packaging and took matters into her own hands and created this business and I thank her.  Her soap are like works of art.  If you have acne, you will love the tea tree rosemary face soap.  The lemongrass ginger looked so pretty, I wanted to eat it....it was so pretty I didn't want to use it, but It was worth it.  I love, love, love the bamboo detox barm charcoal and green tea add to the detoxification process.  How I dream of being a member of the soap club or even better become one of her soap gnomes!  That's right you can get soap delivered to your door!  3 bars for 12 months is just 72.60 and 1 bar for 3, 6, or 12 months is 30.  The bars of soap last about a months.  Just imagine the aroma of essential oils filling your bathroom, transforming your shower into a zen like spa....  Check her out in AZ Whole Food locations or online.
5	I love Strawberry Hedgehog!I have been given the curse of sensitive skin and extremely vicious allergies, so I typically have to monitor what sort of scents, ingredients and products I am using. Tracy makes the most excellent and delicious smelling products. The best part is they are Vegan! No questions about which 562 chemicals you are washing yourself in the morning, because these babies are au natural. You can order online or pick the goods up in Whole Foods!
5	I'm a huge Strawberry Hedgehog fanatic. The soaps are delicious and feel great on your skin - favorites are the Detox bar and Pumpkin Spice. I also adore her Body Cream - you can customize it with your own essential oils, but I love it fresh, clean, and unscented. It's gentle and moisturizing for my sensitive skin and soaks in immediately. The best thing about Tracy's products is that they are not only delicious smelling and gentle on skin, but they are animal friendly!
5	The soap and deodorant from this company is the best i have ever used!!! Keeps me smelling clean and feeling fresh all day long and I would never use another product... its all natural, handmade and very creative..... I suggest this to all that I meet and you should too!!
5	Hands down the best soap out there! Not only is it vegan and Eco friendly (which makes me feel good about myself) it smells amazing, feels great on my skin and never dries me out. Personal faves are almond oat, citrus clove and earth mama. I usually limit myself to buying 3 at a time so I try to pick carefully from the huge selection. Not an easy task. Another bonus, the bars last a long time! I am a tad lazy with my beauty routine so luckily, Strawberry Hedgehog soaps don't irritate my sensitive face. Only ONE soap in the shower needed!  Yay!Also love the whipped body lotion, deoderant and misting sprays!  Easily purchased on line, at local Whole Foods markets or watch the Facebook page for local events/fairs.
5	Not only is this soap produced locally and ethically, it's quite wonderful. From the cool variety of thoughtful colors to the carefully selected scent combinations, I've almost never been disappointed. Bamboo Detox and Orange Vanilla are a couple of my favorite scents, but there are plenty more from which to choose. My wife is a subscriber of the "soap of the month" club, so we've tried a variety and are always excited to see what's next to try. Highly recommended.
5	i am a full blown fan!! i've used lush products for many years and i've now completely switched to strawberry hedgehog- it's eco-friendly, vegan, and made with obvious care and love. the tea tree rosemary soap is awesome for my oily skin as are the toner and moisturizer. my husband and i are huge fans of the sandalwood/patchouli and ginger/citrus soap- we both started using the peaceful person natural deodorant and it works great! the products last for a good while and the prices are very affordable. my only problem is not buying everything when i shop!!
5	The natural deodorant cream really works, people! No more creepy chemicals on my tender armpit skin. And the soaps, the SOAPS! They are gorgeous and smell divine. I'm a member of the Soap Club and each month receive 3 glorious soaps, some exclusive to 'Soapers' :)
5	I can't rave enough about Strawberry Hedgehog! Completely natural, vegan, quality ingredients. Made with heart by a small business with loads of integrity and love for the community. And woman-owned! the monthly soap club is such a great deal and a fun surprise to arrive in the mail! Gazillions of creative and terrific combinations to choose from - truly fabulous!!
4	This is a great, cosy, casual place with lots of different kitchenware/dinnerware to suit different tastes. I like to go in and browse every 2-3 months- they always have something new and convenient to add to your kitchen and the prices are affordable. Sometimes it's just jars or storage containers that they add to their shop floor- but they are cheap, practical and used a lot. Worth a browse!
2	Super cute stuff, but, I can't get behind a  product that claims to be vegan and has palm oil in it. Spendy too! Do your research folks....
