1	I went in to see Dr.Boyer because i had a problem with my throat and he was over of the first on the list of throat doctors. My appointment was set for 2pm, i finally got back there at 3:45! I asked the front desk why it was taking so long the times, she kept telling me, should be about fifteen minutes more. Oh my God. I finally get back there, where the nurse assistant told me they mixed up my chart at the front, do that's why it took so long. I say in another room for fifteen minutes, the doctor finally comes in, he looks at me and his Iphone rings, he says "i have to take this" and gets up and leaves. Wtf?! So I'm waiting again, i can hear him in the next room talking to someone about dropping something off. Couldn't that have waited? I waited 2 hours for this?! Them he takes me onto yet another room where i must wait again and finally checks me out. Dr. Boyer was nice and knowledgeable, but his staff ruined it for me. I canceled my follow up appointment because of the lack of professionalism. I don't think anyone should have to wait for a specialty doctor longer than 20-25 minutes max. That's why they set appointments!! Hire a more professional staff Dr.Boyer!
1	I went to see Dr Boyers to have ear wax removed today. I waited for almost an hour before they put me in the room. His assistant removed my ear wax with water in a medal syringe. Then she said she wanted to do a couple more tests. I came in just for wax removal and I am not interested in other tests, also I was behind for another appointment because of the long wait.Then Dr. Boyers came in, spent one second  looking into my left ear, and hardly looked at my other ear. He told me they must do a pressure test on the ear drum to make sure there is no puncture. He told me if I don't want to do this, then I will not be seen in his office again. Being turned off by his attitude, I said that is fine with me. He then followed me to the front desk and said very loudly to his receptionist and in front of the people in the waiting room: Put this in his file that he is not going to be seen in this office again!Dr. Boyers, don't worry, there are many other nice ENT doctors in Las Vegas. You cannot pay me to come back to see you with this kind of manner and attitude.
1	Our son has constant nose bleeds so his pediatrician's office referred us to dr.boyers. we got in for an appointment and we're shocked with the abusive and hostile manner in witch this doctor conducted himself. He was so rude yelling and screaming at our son who is autistic that my wife was contemplating calling the police. Bottom line is dr.boyers was distasteful and a sorry excuse of a doctor. His staff  is equally rude aswell.
