4	I came into this business, not really expecting to be helped, but I was wrong. There were 2 employees and both interacted with me.  I've been into other Journey's before , but never really got more than a hello.  I ended up purchasing some Tiger Onitsuka's for about $40.  I'd definitely recommend this place.Pros- * Good clearance deals for all (includes tshirts) * Awesome customer service Cons- * lack of sizes in everything I was interested in. (9.5)Tips-  * Free literature at the Cashwrap. * don't forget to check out the clearance rack in the middle of the store.  Lots of awesome deals!
3	Was in the area and decided to take a look at some shoes for my daughter.  The sales woman was helpful but didn't have a large selection of shoes in my daughter size.  Infact she only had 4 pair of shoes I could choose from for her.  I would have thought they would and should of had more shoe sizes on hand.  The sales woman just kept appolagizing. Not sure who does thier inventory but they need to replace that person and hire someone else that can keep the store stocked.
4	The sales rack are a great place to search for great sales. I bought a pair of Top Side Boat Shoes for $12. When they are not having a sale, the prices are not that bad. I came in to buy a pair of boots I saw at another location and they did not carry them. They called over to the other store to make sure they still had them and in my side. Journeys offers to get them shipped over to a convenient location for no extra cost if you want to wait a week or get them expedited for a fee. I just went down the street to the other store to pick them up. There are so many stores that it is not a hassle to go to the next one.
5	Desmond was so helpful when we were looking for a certain shoe type for my husband. He was so friendly and related to us, but wasn't pushy on anything. He gave great suggestions that didn't seem like he was trying to up-sell us.We ended up not buying a pair, but only because we were looking for something very specific. His great customer service ensured that we would be back again for another purchase.
