5	Bought a 2nd hand 20" mountain bike for five bucks (!) from someone on Craigslist a couple weeks ago. It actually wasn't in horrible condition but regardless, I planned to have it looked at, tweaked, greased etc before releasing the six-year-old on it. I honestly didn't know that Build-A-Bike was in Surprise and was planning to arrange a service at Performance Bike on Thunderbird, but the wife pointed out that there was a bike shop that she'd seen from the road "behind Kohls". At the time they weren't showing on Yelp so I submitted the business entry and voila, here I am with the first review.Took the bike in today and boy, what a great experience! Tyler greeted me as soon as I walked in and immediately took my bike to a service area in the corner. While I waited and chatted with him, he fitted a new colored chain, a bell, grips and replaced the rusty old kickstand. Service was done in no more than 20 mins, and for a cost well under what I was expecting! I normally give three stars for places I like and very rarely give four. This place gets five - friendly, efficient, the store is clean, and they look to have a good selection of bikes and parts, and extremely reasonably priced for service. I literally can't think of anything else that I'd expect from a bike store. Well worth anyone's business!
5	I took my sons bike in for some minor adjustments and these guys were great!  In and out in 15 minutes.  They did not pressure to upsell anything and gave recommendations on a few other things to adjust.  A great experience and I highly recommend these guys if you need a bike repair in Surprise.
5	Just saw on the news that this wonderful shop actually DONATED a brand new trike to a elderly gentleman who had his stolen. There should definitely be more generous people in this world like the owners of Build a Bike! Awesome work!!!
5	These guys rock.  Took my bike in, got it serviced and ended up buying a bike rack because the staff member was just so helpful.  I don't think I have ever had someone be so helpful and explain each aspect.  Definitely bring it back in again.
5	We just moved to Surprise and what a great "Surprise"!  We found build-a-bike and took our cruisers in for general maintenance because we were dissatisfied with the previous two bike shops we had dealt with in the past.  Randy diagnosed the problem with my husband's bike and ordered the part which was in before we expected.  In the meantime, we dropped my bike off and it was done the next day and they even washed and polished the frame.  I feel more confident with the repairs.  My husband's bike was also detailed and now we know how a well maintained bike should feel when you ride it.  Great friendly staff and the prices were very reasonable.  This us the only bike shop we will be using in the future.
5	Ok so on 5/3 I went to the Union Hills location. Randy was working. All I can say is AWESOME. Very smart knowledgable kind!  He made me feel important and did above and beyond to ensue my bike was perfect!  I will be a permanent customer now!  Thank you!!!!!!
4	My husband took our bikes to get serviced here.  They replaced brakes, ordered new tires, and cleaned up the bikes.I wasn't a big fan if their prices for service & parts, but my husband was happy.  So that makes me happy.  The guys there were nice and was very helpful.  Luckily my husband liked his experience and loved the condition of his bike... Me knowing their prices would have made me by a brand new bike elsewhere instead of having them work on mine....or walk right out with a smile and my $$$ Just sayin'...
5	Just moved here from GA. So this is the 1st bike shop I've checked out and  it was awesome. People who work there helpful friendly and fast. On top of great deal on tubing for tires 35$ for life warranty..can't beat it.
5	I brought in a bike tire for repair because new tubes kept going flat. Within minutes they had it pulled apart, discovered a metal bur, filed it down, and installed a new tube with the existing tire. I purchased a few other items while I was there and left paying less than $18. I did not find them pricey at all. The time and hassle they saved us from doing it ourselves was priceless! Very knowledgeable, friendly, and fast.No bike parking because the City of Surprise prohibits it.
5	My new favorite bike shop.  It's the closest shop to my house, so I figured I'd stop in and have them take a look at my wife's mountain bike that had been sitting for a couple of years.  They did great work and although they could have legitimately charged us for the full tune-up (which is what I had brought it in for), they looked it over and made sure everything was working right, cleaned it up, and charged us $15.  Nice.  So I brought in a road bike I had sitting around and needed it tuned up for a race I was planning to enter.  It needed a lot of work (tubes, tires, hoods, brakes, adjustments, cleaning, bar tape, and a bunch of other little stuff).  They had it up and running in no time and at a price I thought was completely reasonable for what I got.  So naturally, when my wife bought a road bike and needed it assembled, we didn't think twice about where we were bringing it.  And again, they did a great job.Thanks Build a Bike!  It's great knowing that we can rely on you guys to treat us right and do great work.
5	I always try to use local businesses.  This shop is close to my home and they were great!  It was just a simple tire repair on my sons bike but they took care of it quickly and for a good price.  When it comes time to buy my little guys new bikes I will be shopping here.  I really loved the customer service.
1	I'm shocked to see 5 star reviews for this shop because I had the complete opposite experience today.  This is not a road bike kind of shop - cruisers, fixies, etc but I only needed "Butt Butter" aka Chamois butter so I thought I'd stop in.  When I didnt find it right away I approached the counter to ask.  One employee sitting 1 foot from me and never acknowledged me.  The mechanic told another employee who was leaning on the counter on his cell phone to help me.  That kid looked at me and went right back to his phone.  The mechanic then repeated to have someone help me.  And again, it went unnoticed.  The guy in front of me then asked if I needed something and said he didn't know what I was talking about.  The mechanic pointed me where I needed to go.  I got the product and re-approached the counter.  The circus began for the 2nd time.  The mechanic telling the lazy kid against the back counter to help me.  Nothing happens.  Mechanic repeats himself.  Nothing.  Finally again, the guy sitting RIGHT in front me asked if I was ready.  Had I not needed the butt butter for a 90 mile ride tomorrow, I would have walked out 2 seconds after I walked in.  I don't care who you are.  If you run a business, and someone walks in to spend money, you act like you care.  Glad others have had a good experience with repairs but their customer service is seriously lacking - will be worth the drive to go someplace else, I promise you.
