5	I got a screaming HOT deal on a room here (over labor day weekend, believe it or not)!  That's the only reason why I was able to afford staying here on my otherwise quite "budget" solo vacation to Canada.  The hotel has been recently remodeled... rooms are spacious, king size bed was very comfortable (I slept SO well!), bathroom was huge.  Big flat screen TV with a good selection of channels was nice for when I needed to rest and relax after long days out and about.  Everything was clean, tons of fresh towels when they were needed.  Only complaint was that I wish the window opened.  There are fake balconies on the rooms, but the windows don't open.  There's air conditioning at least, but an open window for fresh air would have been nice.  The lobby was a little over the top ornately fancy, but it was fun and I enjoyed passing through.  I was only there 4 nights, and was out and about so much I didn't have time to use the rooftop pool, or go to the restaurant or bars, but they looked nice. The staff was friendly, I tried with them in French here and there but they would usually switch over to English after a minute or two.  lol.  First morning's coffee supply for the coffee maker in the room is free, but they charge $2 or something for additional coffee.  The maids however were so nice and hooked me up with coffee every day for free.  :)  That made me so happy!  They accommodated my request for a late checkout on my last day, though my key card stopped working after 11am (I got the maid to let me in the room though, so no problem).  Location was wonderful.  It is about 2 blocks from Centre Bell, so I could easily walk to and from my Celine Dion concerts each night in my stilettos without getting blisters or worrying about my safety while looking as gorgeous as I did for the occasion.  The neighborhood is good, there are always people out and about.  It's about a block away from good shopping on St. Catherine's, about a 7 minute walk to the nearest subway station, and 1.5 blocks from the Musee de Beaux Arts.  Also, just a quick cab or subway ride to Vieux Montreal and the St. Laurent river.  There are at least a dozen of restaurants within one block of the hotel, as well as a small convenience store, a Ben & Jerry's, and (my main priority) a coffee place right across the street.  Mmmmm... cofffffeeeeee...It's a long shot, but if I'm able to afford going back to see Celine in Feb '09, I would definitely, definitely stay here again!  It was a very nice, upscale place with a great staff and in a safe, convenient location.
4	Very nice place...the previous review hits the nail on the head.  Very nice hotel right in the heart of downtown.  Awesome accomodations, but it is a tad pricey.  Has a huge bar "Thursdays" downstairs, giant king beds and robes to boot!!!  Posh posh!
4	This place is wild. So much fun if your looking to party. Rooftop pool and bar, nightclub for dancing, lounge in the lobby. There were bars and restaurants everywhere. And lets not forget the funky 80 style suites with large marbled bathrooms and mirrored ceilings above the bed. Good fun
5	One of the best hotels in montreal.Central location to all the party locations. Hotel is pretty friendly but dont overdo it. The balconies are small but they definately add to the already spacious rooms. Thursdays below it is awesome and one of the better bars in montreal.Everytime i go to montreal i stay here and it doesnt look like ill be staying anywhere else.
4	We got a great deal online, and I was thrilled when I got there and found it wasn't a dump (I'm a bit weary of Hotwire/Priceline at times!).  The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout the whole stay.  The rooms were great, although I was a big put-off by the french doors to the bathroom.  It's fine if you're just showering in there (even though it's loud for anyone relaxing in the bedroom), but if you have to take care of some business everyone in the room is able to know what's going on!  The balcony was nice to have, but it'd be nicer if there were some chairs out there to relax on.  The bed was great, turn-down service every night, plush robes - all in all a great place and I'd most likely stay again.
1	Let me start off by saying, the location of this hotel is fantastic, and I would probably return here, solely for this reason.The rooms were adequate, and clean, although we were unable to get a renovated room since they were all booked up at the time of our stay.The major downfall of this hotel was the way we were treated by the hotel front desk staff and the security guard. There was an incident with security, when my boyfriend and I were woken up by a huge security guard pounding on our door at 2am. Scared out of our minds, we opened the door when the security guard proceeded scream at us that "if we continued throwing glass off the balcony, we would be kicked out of the hotel." In a state of shock, we tried to explain to him that we had been sleeping since we got in, and hadn't even been out on our balcony that night. He continued to shout, and called us liars, and said we would be thrown out of the hotel. We were litterally standing there in our PJ's getting screamed at  by a 250lb security guard at 2am, for something we did not do.After he left, I immediately called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. The person on the phone told us he was the night manager, and when I proceeded to tell him what had just happened he screamed at me to "STOP LYING" so loud that my boyfriend could hear it through the phone. We stormed down to the front desk, and went to speak to him in person. He proceeded to yell at us and cause a huge scene in the lobby, which was not only humiliating but also exhausting, until I think he began to realize that maybe they had made a mistake, and told us he would "maybe have to" review the security cameras again. The next day I went down to speak to the hotel manager, who was not there, and was told by the woman working at the front desk, that they had in fact made a mistake and offered me a free continental breakfast for my trouble. Since I was unable to sleep that night, and was pretty much traumatized by the whole incident, I decided a free breakfast wouldn't do and asked to be reimbursed for the night. (And trust me, I wasn't milking this, the way we were treated was the most disgusting thing I've ever experienced in my life, and a chain hotel probably would have comped out entire stay.) This was the second night of our 3 night stay, and she was unable to compensate me without the hotel managers permission. Finally the next day the hotel manager met with me and refunded me for the night. Although she was very unapologetic and told me "people make mistakes." Of course I am well aware that people make mistakes, but they way we were treated and screamed at by the security guard and the "night manager" was beyond appalling and down right inexcusable.   Not to mention, seeing the security guard the next day was pretty awkward, and made me very uncomfortable for the rest of our stay.It was very unfortunate that this had happened, because otherwise our experience here probably would have been top notch. Since we were finally reimbursed for the night, I probably would return, but only because the location is so great. Hopefully my next experience here will be better, and won't involve getting woken up by a raging security guard banging on my door at 2:00 in the morning.Oh, and I totally forgot to mention, that although the hotel provides shampoo and soap, they do not have any conditioner. I usually bring my own when I travel, so it's never really an issue, but the one time I don't, the hotel doesn't have any - go figure.Another negative, there are no ice machines for hotel guests to use. So every time we wanted ice, we would have to call down to the front desk, and be connected to room service. This seemed absurd to me, since the delivery person expected a tip each time (for ICE!) and the second time we called down for it, when he got to our room he told us it was $2, even though the first time there was no charge. Unreal.
4	Very charming hotel. Service is just ok but the rooms were nice and it's located in a great spot for those who want to explore the city.
5	$200 a night avg is what I paid - and the room was clean, smoke-free and we were given lots of fun little freebies.  The bed was heavenly... really.  That good.We checked in, and someone brought chocolates to our door,and then some ice, and the man refused a tip.  Everyone treated us like rock stars!!The underground nightclub downstairs is the BOMB and they were spinning the hottest tracks.  Really fun.  The attached bar (Thursdays) was really cool, and we felt like VIPs the whole time.The rooftop bar/pub/pool was awesome!!If I could give a better rating than 5 stars, this place would get 'em all.  I'll never stay anywhere else in Montreal.  This place is my new annual destination.
5	i got a great deal on this hotel through orbitz.. and this place was freaking awesome.. perfect location to saint catherine and crescent ave... the concierge was quick and courteous.. and the bed was really damn comfortable.. one of the most comfortable hotel beds i've ever slept on.. it's even better than a sleep number bed.. the wifi is really quick too and best of all it is free.. the only downside was that local phone calls were charged..
4	We got a good deal on this hotel through AAA ($500 for 3 nights in the fall).  They put us in a great room on the 19th floor.  The room was larger than I expected, larger than I've ever had in Europe or Canada.  Queen size bed was a bit too soft for my taste though I don't prefer feather pillows or very soft beds.  The room was tastefully furnished.  We had a balcony with a beautiful view of the city, which was nice for sunrise.  They do offer free Wi-fi but I couldn't get it to work on my laptop.The bar, Cabaret, was nice and drinks were reasonably priced.  They had live music on the weekend and a good crowd.  Downstairs was the club Thursdays, which we did not go to.Parking was $25 per night underneath the hotel.  I can't really comment on it, except that it was convenient.  Valet was quick with the car pickup at the end of the trip.The staff left a bit to be desired.  On the first night we had to wait a few minutes for the only employee to get off the phone and check us in (thought it was weird that we weren't even greeted first).  The bellmen at the front door rarely opened the doors for us either.  But otherwise, the staff was pleasant and accommodating.  Overall we'd stay here again.  It was a few minutes walk to the metro station (Peel), breakfast/ coffee shops (M Cafe and Eggspectations), and shopping on Rue Sherbrooke.  Location couldn't be better!
4	I got a pretty good deal here on some travel site or other, and with that I launched into a city I knew absolutely nothing about.This was a couple of years ago now, and I'm not cool enough to have had any sort of smartphone then - no urban exploring with Yelp apps or anything else to help me out. So the fantastic location, I quickly found out, is really helpful. Wandering blindly around this strange new place--my first time to Canada, at that--was a pure joy because I was able to figure things out pretty easily. I love the cold weather so a trip up in January was not a problem, but it did probably give me a skewed idea of how walkable the area is.The rooms and the lobby aren't too cheesy - but you might get a sense of it being a little dated. It's charming despite that, though - there's an elegance there that reminds me of some of my other favorite places. The room was beautiful, and we had none of the problems other people have described.And I should mention the staff. They were amazingly sweet. Everyone was profoundly polite, not just to me and my (now) wife, but to the other guests, as far as I could tell with my more-or-less constant eavesdropping. It was also a whole lot of fun to try out my French, which seemed well-appreciated by the staff. It's also worth mentioning that the valets, doormen and concierge were all totally clutch in my non-iPhone world, grabbing cabs in the crazy cold wind, recommending breakfast places, giving us local pointers. I'd return in a heartbeat.Really, I've been looking forward to it since I left - didn't have nearly enough time to see everything I wanted to.
1	I haven't stayed at the hotel, but I have been to the pool bar/terrace. This is not a place I will be returning to. I went with two other people and none of our drinks were satisfactory. The first person ordered Heineken that was served to him in a plastic cup. The second person ordered a frozen margarita. The first margarita that was brought out had an eyelash inside of it. She went to the bar to complain. She received a new drink but no apology. I ordered a dirty martini. It was awful. The olives had pits in them and were very small and tasteless. The martini itself was waaaaaay too dirty and somehow tasted a bit sweet. The cup that it was brought in was plastic and had a chip on it. When we asked to have it served in a new cup, the waitress tried to say it was still an acceptable cup. Oh, and the best part was that one round of drinks ended up being about $30. Needless to stay, we did not stay for a second round of drinks.
5	They closed.  And my heart is BROKEN!  I loved this place so much!!!
