5	I remember getting the large pepperoni pizza every weekend that I spent in the North Side.The prices are ridiculously low, and the pizza is insanely good... and huge.
2	Can't get an order right! 6 of the last 8 times we ordered they have messed it up.   I know, each time I forgive them and think they can't possibly mess up again, but they do.  Not only that, but they quote 45 minutes then take anywhere from 1-2 hours to deliver.  Wont be ordering from here again!
5	was in the neighborhood on a girls weekend. this place is fantastic.  great prices, great slice.  service is a tad bit slow (since they make it to order!) but the food is worth the wait. they seemed to be doing a great take out/carry out order,  If you are in the area, stop by . . . it is totally worth it!
3	Okay hold the phone, I wouldn't call Pickles an Emporium.I haven't actually eaten their sandwiches, what I typically order is the bacon cheddar fries, which are pretty damn tasty for a pizza shop.  Anyway on the bacon Cheddar fries there is tons of melted cheese and real bacon!!!  Oh yeah  a total guilty pleasure. Anyway, I was raised eating at Pickles. This was our go to pizza place at home but not due to quality, but more do their willingness to deliver to our house.  In the neighborhoods I live in "the pizza man don't deliver around here anymore."  For some tasty fries, I would highly recommend Pickles, for anything else I would suggest going else where.
5	Stumbled on this place on a Sunday afternoon when looking for Yelp recommended Bistro-to-go across the street was closed.Little leery - but very pleasantly surprised!  Nice tables and chairs, pleasant service and it was fairly fast.  Woman recommended a large basket of fries to share and they were great!  The Reuben sandwiches were really good!  Two of those, a Gyro, basket of fries and drinks...a $20 bill!   About the only thing odd was the tiling around their deli case.  No biggie.  We'll go back, I want to try the Pizza.  It was really good food and the prices were great!Oh yeah, the Pickles were excellent and HUGE!
5	I, too, stumbled upon this place while visiting a relative who was at Allegheny General, and I've subsequently visited her before/after Pirate games. I can't say enough good things about this place.  The pizza was great.  The subs were awesome, and the "primanti-style" deli sandwiches compare with the original.  But not only was the food great, the prices were very reasonable.  Every time I've been there we've gotten the specials on the menu (which usually include combinations of pizza, sandwiches, and drinks), and we've fed parties of 5-8 adults for under $20-$30.Also, the service is great.  The two women that run the place couldn't have been more pleasant - and even compassionate when we mentioned the person in the hospital.Be warned though, it's not in the greatest location.  E Ohio Street isn't the best neighborhood, and the place looks like a hole in the wall.  But don't be scared its definitely the best place in the area BY FAR! Other places in the neighborhood may look nicer on the outside, (e.g. Peanutz), but please don't waste your time.
5	Pickles looks like a dive. The bathroom is a disgrace to mankind. The clientele...or should I say the non-client, just sitting there bothering paying customers, are a little off putting. BUT, the food is awesome... I would not want to look too closely into the kitchen... but the food is awesome!
2	I lived off of pickles in college!  The only downfall was their delivery time.  It always took almost an hour and a half to receive my food, 10 minutes down the road. I moved, still in delivery distance, and had a terrible experience.I called my order in and had a total of 11 and some change.  I told them I'd be laying cash.  When the delivery guy arrived he couldn't stop complaining about walking up my steps and I would have to meet him downstairs next time.  When I handed him a 20 he told me, sorry I don't have any change.  So he walked off with a 9 dollar tip after being terribly late, rude, and forgot my drink.Good food, but rude service on the phone and in person. I have not been back since.
2	I tried Pickles tonight for the first time.  I called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told 20 minutes.  I got there and was told it would be another 10.   It was another 20 before I got my food.  In a bad frame of mind, I tried my food.  I must admit it was good.  Not great, but good.  I didn't have an issue with the place or the other patrons.  I dig that kind of place.  But if you tell someone a time, you should be able to deliver.  The food itself warrents a higher rating, but the overall experience was a disappointment.
4	I've enjoyed the pizza, salads, and hoagies we've gotten from Pickles. Delivery time was decent. Fries are really tasty, but need to be blanched, or at least punch holes in styrofoam container.
3	Working in Allegheny Center Mall and being without a car, there aren't many food options.  Pickles is one of the options and it has the added bonus that it is within walking distance but they also offer delivery.I have dined at the establishment and ordered take out several times.   Dining in can be real adventure because of the neighborhood Pickles is in.  One experience we had was fine, another we were approached for money twice on the way in and two additional people came into the restaurant asking for money.My favorite menu item is the chicken fingers.  They come with fresh cut fries and cheese sauce.  I usually ask for blue cheese instead.  I've also had several sandwiches which were also tasty.  Nothing is out of this world memorable and worthy of adding stars, but nothing is objectionable either.  If you order delivery, pay in advance with your credit or debit card.  The two times I've paid with cash, the delivery person claimed they didn't have change.   I had a $20 for a $7 order and was certainly not going to give that large a tip.  Thankfully there is another business in the mall that was able to give me change, but it was rather frustrating that a delivery person did not have change available.Overall a decent food option for those living or working in the Allegheny Commons area.
3	Went there for lunch today. Needing some food other than hospital food. Short walk to it from Allegheny General. Thought about ordering lunch special,  but she said if we wanted more than two slices get the pizza on sale. 10 slice pizza for $8.25 and one topping. Great pizza. Crust was excellent, tiny bit of garlic and lightly sweet. Ham was tasty Canadian bacon. Nice size to for price.  Pop sold by can at .85cents.Lady at counter said she made crust and bread from scratch,  we could tell.I would have given it a 4 star but bathroom cleanliness held them back. I didn't add the street people into my review. The street is being revitalized so a lot of businesses are open and some closed. If it was farther from the liquor store the street people would not have been so plentiful.
