3	I have been to City Tavern several times before, and have always thought they have decent food, I am especially fond of their french fries.  This morning we went here to grab a little brunch, and it was really good.  I ordered the Crab Cakes Benedict, which came with two large crab cakes and two poached eggs, over honey baked ham sliced thick, covered in a creamy hollandaise sauce, it was very good; tasty and filling.  My girlfriend ordered the breakfast burrito which was also very good, warm soft flour tortilla wrapped around scrambled eggs, and sausage, pretty good.  Each dish came with an order of breakfast potatoes which must have been fried in the same oil as the fries, because they were great, light, crunchy, and Delicious with just the faintest hint of oil to mix with the crushed sea salt and make this one heck of a good brunch, I left stuffed and satisfied,  Oh yeah we also got an order of Chicken wings, which were on special on Sunday, and they were very good too, crispy skin, and meaty wings, with a hot sauce, and delicious blue cheese to dip in, nice way to top of Brunch. The service was very good as well, our waitress was kind attentive, and accomodating, great job.
4	Resonably priced and very convenient, City Tavern always pleases.  Try the Coconut Shrimp Martini, the meatloaf (with buffalo, pork, and veal), and the Blackened Seafood (sea bass, shrimp, and scallops). Full service bar makes up some good martinis.
3	This place is alright, it is a little upscale for my taste, but it isn't too much of a hurt on the wallet.  The bartenders are all nicely fitted in black, and the entire restaurant is clean as a whistle.  The crab cakes that I ordered were so tasty, and the waiter was pretty quick.  I thought that the bar service could use a little work, it took forever to get my check, and they weren't that busy.  Mostly older people hang out here, so the music is light rock.  That's alright, they played some beegees and that warmed me up a bit.
3	I have been to City Tavern a couple of times, and to be honest it is always hit or miss.  Sometimes the food is good and the service is slow, other times the food is bad and service is great.  It's a lot like my golf game in that I can't put together a perfect round.
4	I went there for lunch yesterday and was really quite pleasantly surprised. Located in the Stonecrest shopping area, I thought it would be overly expensive but the menu had a wide variety of food at a variety of price points. I ordered off the brunch menu (served until 3pm) and got the veggie omelet. It was great- filled with fresh vegetables and delicious cheese. It came with the breakfast potatoes which I was somewhat disappointed by. Maybe it was just the ones that I got but they were not crunchy and had no seasonings (not even salt). It also came with an english muffin which was pretty standard. My mom got one of the pasta dishes from the lunch menu. It was a very large portion of food and she enjoyed it a lot (I didn't try it).Service was quick and friendly and the place was packed (about 1pm on a Saturday- maybe a lot of holiday shoppers?). My drink was continually refilled without me having to ask. Booth was comfortable and the ambiance was perfect for lunch (cozy and casual). Bathroom was clean. The clientele was fairly yuppie but that is going to happen in this area of Charlotte. Overall, this is a great lunch choice if you are in the area.
4	I like City Tavern quite a bit.  Despite their location in the upscale-ish Stonecrest shopping center, they are pretty reasonably priced.  Some of their dishes can scrape past the $20 mark, but you can always get a burger for $8 (or $10 for bison... but more on that in a bit).  Additionally, on Mondays, they have all burgers half off!The interior of the restaurant is pleasant enough.  It's classy without being uncomfortable.  The service is decent: some of the servers can be a little sassy, but that doesn't bother me.  Their New-American-type food is good, too.  I've had several of their entrees, and while nothing is mind-blowing, it's tasty and much better than the commercial chains.  If you want an appetizer, you really must try the tempura asparagus.  They are fried perfectly so that the asparagus remains crisp and flavorful, and the wasabi ranch dip complements them perfectly.Oh yeah, I said I was going to talk about their bison. City Tavern serves a bison burger, which is pretty unique for this town (at least in my experience).  The patty is very flavorful and most, and they'll actually serve it with a nice pink interior if you request it.  The one qualm I have with City Tavern is their fries.  Sometimes, their fries are really, really amazing.  Other times, they are just okay.  I need to figure out their schedule.My routine for a night at Stonecrest usually proceeds thus: Borders, City Tavern, movie. You should give it a try if you're looking to get out but stay low key.
5	Love this place! Seafood pastas are awesome(especially the seafood cap). Rack of lamb was tender and tasty. The filet mignon sammie, well I can't put into words how good it is! This place rocks. Best mojitos in town too!
4	I like this place because they always have some great daily specials like 1/2 price bottles of wine during the week and $0.40 wings on Sunday's.  The wings are no where near the best I've had here in Charlotte but there decent.  They also have a seafood dip app that's pretty good to.
3	The City Tavern serves brunch on Saturdays from 11am-3pm and Sundays from 10:30am-3pm.  Since David & I love brunch, we had to give it a try.  A good choice here is the Veggie Omelette ($8) which comes with zucchini, squash, carrots, tomatoes, baby spinach, and cheddar-jack cheese and  a side of breakfast potatoes.   Also, they feature one of David's standby favorites, the Western Omelette (also $8) which includes ham, peppers, onions and cheddar cheese.   On the day we were there, they were not extremly busy but had a steady stream of customers.  The service was fine, the food was fine, but nothing stood out as special or really outstanding.  If we happened to have a coupon or if they were doing a special promo we'd go back, but otherwise this probably won't be the first place we think of when we're in the mood for a yummy brunch.
4	I really like this place! My boyfriend and I went because we had a coupon and it was delicious. The atmosphere was quaint and the staff was polite. I had the smothered trout with rice and vegetables. It was amazing and good size portion too. I probably would have had enough to take home if I hadn't been so hungry. I also stole a bite of my boyfriend's farfalle florentine and that was pretty tasty too. The night was topped off with a piece of tiramisu. I usually don't like tiramisu but I changed my mind after having it at City Tavern. This is definitely the place to go for a glass of wine or a casual dinner. It's classy but it isn't a place where you have to get dressed up. I plan on going back soon.
3	City Tavern's food is inconsistent but when it is good, it is very good. For example sometimes their salsa is chunky, sometimes very blended. Sometimes the bun on sandwiches are burnt. Sometimes the fries are undercooked. Usually I know what to expect from a restaurant but I feel like there is always a risk when ordering here.
2	Service was decent enough. When the waiter brought bread we laughed because it was a tiny tiny amount (five pieces, plus some awkward cut sides) for six people. 1.5 in squares of what I believe was supposed to be focaccia. No FLAVOR.I had the Sea Bake Starter. It was supposed to be shrimp, bay scallops, and crawfish, in some sort of creamy cheese sauce. NOT WORTH THE PRICE. There was shrimp and a couple of tiny pieces of crawfish. The sauce was watery, and the whole dish lacked flavor. Totally blah.There was also a chicken quesadilla. Yet again. No flavor to it. Overall, nothing great at all and wouldn't recommend at this point.
5	Great neighborhood bar and grill. Love the personal service and they have awesome specials every day. I eat here at least once a week and I highly recommend the Sea Bake and Oysters Rockefeller. Monday nights they have $4 well highballs and two lobster tails for $20. Best bargain in the city!
4	We have been here a few times and each time we have been here we have never been disappointed. Service has always been great and the food very good. Really nice place and great atmosphere for just about anything.
3	Met a friend here yesterday for some drinks/apps.  Sat outside since it was so nice out. Started out with a bloody mary.  They were good and I'm assuming there was vodka in mine, although you could not taste it.My friend got the calamari and I decided to splurge and get the Lobster Nachos.  The calarmari looked good but had no taste what so ever.  The nachos cost $14 and were approx 10 single chips with a small little bite of lobster and some sauce drizzled on it.  I'm not sure what I was expecting but for $14 I thought I'd get more then 10 small chips.  Guess I should have went for the all you can eat crablegs instead.Service was good, our waitress checked on us often.
3	Hubby and I visited this morning for Brunch after seeing the Groupon offering. We are in hunt for breakfast spots so we gave it a try, well we were seated quickly and the server was there in reasonable time. He informed us that today's special was built your own omelet, so husband being the omelet snob he is went straight for that option. I too went for that option. Also had a $3 mimosa which was fab. Well when our food arrive, the server informed me that they did not have turkey for my omelet, but I was thinking that I never asked for turkey. Anyway I dive into it and realized that they did not put any cheese in it which I did ask for. And they gave me potatoes which I wanted to exchange with fresh fruit. So it was not looking good for the server. My husband also commented that it was greasy and he ordered egg whites to be healthy.Overall server was ok, besides getting my order wrong and the food was ok, nothing to rave about. I will visit for dinner, seen I did buy the Groupon for it. I hope dinner will be better
3	up-scale bar food.  not my normal go-to; but, the staff is nice.  food always hot.  can get busy on weekends and around movie times.  apps good before a seeing a flick.  try the tempura asparagus.
4	City Tavern is a very quaint restaurant on Rea Road in Charlotte that has a very appetizing short and sweet meu. My husband, daughter and I brought a City Pass book from my daughter nanny (who was selling them for her son school). We were hungry didn't feel like going home to cook and the book was sitting in between the seat of the car so we flip through to find something in the area we were in and WAAAHHH - LA "City Tavern" appeared.We attened the week after Restaurant Week, however the chef extened the pre-fixe menu for an additional week due to high demand. Though we didn't get the pre-fixe for $30 which had 4 course (all looked appetizing) we were HAPPY with what we did get.I personally had the seafood Capellini  and it was AMAZING!!!My daughter had a Tavern burger and my husband had Lemon grass seared scallops which they both demolished and looked me my plate to dig in (I NEVER finish my food so both of my MIKEY's ALWAYS clean my plate ;-)The waiter we had was very pleasant and helpful, ooh and they have drink specials every night. We happen to visit on a Saturday and the Margarita's were $5 and very good.
3	This place was close to my hotel, and had a $5 off coupon from the hotel so I decided to give it a try.I ordered the "GOURMET MEATLOAF" - and while it was good enough meatloaf, I honestly found nothing "gourmet" about it. Wanted a salad, and had to order on the side. No bread included either.The service was friendly and quick, and the food was prepared well.I doubt I'll be back, as nothing really impressed me about them and considering the $14 for meatloaf that was nothing special, I'll be looking for a different place next time I'm in town.
3	Nice, clean-cut decor, great menu, kid-friendly and super service.  Need more?We went for lunch and the menu options were interesting and adequate for the most choosy patron.  Tried the tempura battered asparagus with chili ranch and they were delicious.  Wish the portion was larger.Hoagie sandwiches were great.  Many like Philly steak-cheese, but these were upscale with sliced prime rib.  Wife had variety with spinach and cheese, I had mine with mushrooms, onions and cheese.  Rolls were soft and your salivating mouth could easily take in the sandwich.   Make certain that you bite into your sandwich over a plate or you will have a dry cleaning bill for sure.  Very juicy.Fries were perfectly fried.Will give it a try for dinner, but bet it will be crowded as it is pretty good.
5	This is definitely the best location that I have been to. We had a quick dinner before heading over to see a movie. My wife had the chicken ceasar salad which was huge and had a lot of chicken on it. She loved it and said the ceasar dressing was good and not overly "anchovy tasting."  I had one of the burgers which was cooked perfectly and was also of a large portion. The staff was fantastic and knew that we were in a time crunch to catch our movie so despite a busy Saturday evening they were very accommodating and we made it out just in time.
4	Good food with a family friendly atmosphere:)
5	Delicious lunch today at City Tavern for an early Mother's Day lunch with mom and dad.  Located at a prime corner spot at Stonecrest Shopping Center off of Rea Rd, my mom declared her lunch was the best crabcake that she has had in Charlotte (beating Village Tavern, Firebirds, 131 Main and a few other random places).Upon entering around 11:30 on a Friday, the hostess seemed like she may have wanted to be elsewhere, but our waiter, Darren, quickly made up for that.  He was very friendly, informative and helped dad decide between a few different choices.  Most lunch choices were between $8 and $11, with a pick 2 (1/2 sandwich, salad or soup) for $8.The food:  Appetizer of Spinach Artichoke Dip served with tortilla chips was excellent ($8).  Creamy with lots of spinach and cheese and nice big pieces of artichoke.  Perfect amount of chips for the amount of dip - how often does that happen?  It was quite good, although I thought $8 for the small portion was a bit much, but it was good, and everything else was beyond reasonably priced for lunch.Mom had the crabcake sandwich which is served with fries for $9.  Remoulade on the side. Beautiful crabcake that was full of meat instead of filling.  Nicely browned, about the size of a thick burger.  She was very happy.Dad had the special of the day,  fish (tilapia) and chips for $7, which was a steal based on the portions and quality.  He said the fish was well prepared, in a Newcastle beer batter, but the batter wasn't super heavy (which is a good thing for him).  2 large filets served with shoestring fries and a chunky cole slaw.  I had the pick 2 with the steak in the grass sandwich (shaved prime rib, spinach and provolone on a soft but toasted hoagie roll) and the blue cheese wedge salad.  Perfect portion for lunch at $8.  The meat was tender and not stringy, like some shaved meat sandwiches can be.  The salad was a fresh and crispy 1/4 wedge of iceberg, topped with tomatoes, bacon, blue cheese and a tangy, creamy drizzle of blue cheese dressing.  Our drinks didn't go dry thanks to our attentive waiter and the additional staff.  Food was brought quickly and everything arrived hot or cold as required.  Check arrived promptly, and paying was quick as well.  Mom had a coupon (of course) for a free lunch with the purchase of a lunch and 2 drinks, so it was an even better deal.  (they also have the same coupon for dinner, which she left with me - so be out on the lookout for those for an even better deal).  Great spot for lunch and I will definitely return to try more dishes.
1	I went today and had one of the chicken dinners.  It was awful.  The chicken was very fatty and had a bad tasting sauce on it.  The Mac-n-Cheese was very chewy and I didn't like it at all.  The mashed potatoes were just so so.  The bread came to the table 2 minutes before the dinner so I didn't get to eat much of it.I brought the chicken home to my dog.  I may call the manager tomorrow and complain.  I didn't want to make a scene because I was dining out with a new friend.
1	My boyfriend I have always frequented this location to grab beers before a movie. Last night we decided to have dinner and the food tasted amazing. they bartender was quite prompt with the drink service.Unfortunately my boyfriend noticed a rather large size roach crawling up the wall and aound one of the flat screens. when he notified the manager she shrugged it off and said ohh thats just a water bug. she seemed unfazed and when my boyfriend told the bartender he found it crawling through the wine/champane glasses. he picked it up with a rag and looked at it yeah that was a palmetto bug (large roach). He didn't pull down the glass to clean them he just left them as is. My boyfriend and I were so grossed out we promptly left.
4	Food was excellent but they lost a star by bringing out The main course before the salad was done and rushing us to leave
2	For the price it's not all that. Before I review the food, I need to share my experience fom last night.  Upon arriving at the restaurant we were seated at the table next to the patio door.  Within the first minute we realized the wait staff and customer traffc flowing in and out the door would be annoying, nevermind the heat that radiated to our table everytime the door opened.  We asked our server to be reseated.... your'd swear we asked for their first born.  We got the 'ok' to move, but no help moving our drinks and such.  Once reseated we noticed the huddle and pointing on the part o fthe staff up at the bar.  Ummm... guys, we are actually the paying customer.  But here is the funny part.. The hostess proceeded to seat 3 more groups at the table. All of which asked to be moved within minutes.  I was jealous.. the third group actually received help with their relocation.The food.. all our meals were cold. Lobster nachos not worth it! You can find a better meal and mediocre service many other places in Ballantyne.
3	We went for lunch today, had a coupon to use. We started with the Lobster Nachos, which were different and delicious. For lunch, I had a build-your-own-burger and substituted parmesan mashed potatoes for the fries. The burger was ok, nothing special and the potatoes tasted like the loaded mashed potatoes from Chili's. Again, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.Our waitress was wonderful, and very attentive. Good service.Not sure if we'd go back in this capacity - I would probably choose Bad Daddy's ... but it was a decent enough meal.
3	OK... it's a Sunday and business is light, very light. NFL games are being played on the TVs to bring people to the bar but, apparently,  a lot of people ignore this place. Let me explain some possibilities why.1. The staff doesn't seem to work well together... I sat at the bar and could hear a lot of bitching between staff... wrong orders, people not doing their jobs, standing around... whatever. I can understand this happening if the place was busy but it was EMPTY!!!2. The interior looks like it's ripe for a do-over... Come on, there are TUBED TVs and tiny flat panels that are poorly placed. TWO couples came in to watch an NFL game that was not being projected and left because the bartender couldn't find the game or, frankly, she seemed bothered that she had to pull herself off her job to make them happy... they LOST BUSINESS... COME ON!!!3. My Bloody Mary was one of the worst drinks that I have ever had... the mix was terrible... how do you screw this drink up? How about some imagination?THE GOOD NEWS: I would have given this place 2-stars but the food was pretty decent. While the kitchen screwed up an order for a couple next to me (ordered a panini and got  a BLT or something like that... LOL..) mine came out nicely... salmon/eggs Benedict... yummy but I'd have used better bread)...All in all, I'd hesitate to come back... it's just too run down.... while I know that you can't eat ambiance it didn't even have that kind of ambiance that was cool or unique...
4	We had great service , excellent food with large portions . The 14oz ribeye was one of the best cuts of meat I have had in a long time . The bill was very reasonable also
3	Oh City Tavern! To be quite honest, there is nothing very special about this place. The service is okay... you won't be disappointed, but you won't be wow'd either. The food is good, but a bit pricey in my opinion. The drinks are fairly expensive as well, and I've never been very impressed with their mixed drinks... BUT, somehow I keep coming back... I can't put my finger on it... The atmosphere is good - romantic (at least at night) with candles on the table. And the faint music is soothing... Oh wait, I know!My girlfriend loves this place! ...That is why we keep going back! Plus it's within walking distance to the movie theatre! Mystery solved! ...Now I just need to find a new place that we both love!
4	Not a bad place at all. The interior was comfortable and nicely done, the service was quite good (more on that in a minute) the menu was a little limited and maybe a ~little~ on the expensive side but not outrageous. All their sandwiches come with the option of few different kinds of bread including low carb wrap and whole wheat bun. I'm working on eating better so I got the Steak sandwich in a wrap ( yeah I know. . . small steps) I also subbed out vegetables for the fries. The waiter, aware, that I was trying to eat a little healthier had them steam the veggies instead of doing them in butter. Now honestly I would have preferred he offered that rather than just up and have them do it but it was a nice gesture that I appreciated and will count as being good.  One small touch that I really like are McCormick salt and pepper grinders on the table. These produce nice fresh ground salt and pepper without the fuss of a waiter standing at your table with a pepper grinder the size of a baseball bat. It was quite good I'll be back
3	My last visit here was for easter brunch and it was just ok.  Nothing super special, the selection was kind of small and there were no sauces for the salmon or other meats that was disappointing since I'm a condiment queen.  The fruit was fresh but the few cookie-type desserts tasted of a long bad stay in a freezer somewhere.  I wouldn't go back again for brunch.  There are too many other choices.
1	Slow service- waited 10 minutes for our server to come greet us at the table while others passed us by.  Had to ask her about the food and drink specials.  She was just an order taker, not a professional server.  Bill was incorrect, which I'm coming to realize on this site that it's become a habit.  Manager is non-existent.  Never got a table visit and server was completely on her own.I've been in nicer bathrooms in dive bars.  Smelly, dirty, and needs an overhaul.  I'm sure it's not happening anytime soon as it's been the same for years. Turned right around after I opened the door.  Made me sick to my stomach!Carpeting in the dining room is dirty and stinks.  Televisions are 20 years old.  Seating and tables are beyond normal wear and tear.  Nothing has changed since they opened.  Sucking the place dry until you're required to re-image isn't the way to treat customers.Food is average at best.  Nothing to write home about.  Sad portions that were lukewarm isn't my idea of a good restaurant.  Obviously they are hurting for business as I just received a coupon good for $12 here.  It immediately went in the trash.  Nothing special about this place.  I'm looking forward to it going out of business or a small fire in the kitchen to close it down to renovate or a new concept to come in.
1	Server Brian M completely killed the night for me and my date. Food came before drinks....Brian disappeared in the back for 20 minutes then proceeded to pass our table full of empty glasses 3 times until I walked up to him and gave him my credit card. Thanks but no thanks. I was generous with the tip even though it was not earned. Cheers. On to another restaurant to continue the evening.
4	We've been coming here on Mondays for the last few weeks, at first alternating with Moe's but now every week.  What caused this?  They consistently have the best turkey burger I have ever had.Going back, getting here can be a bit of a pain.  Traffic at the shopping center from Ballantyne is one lane so leave early, also getting out can be just as bad because of other construction on Elm and people not being able to figure out how a 4 way stop works at the entrance.The restaurant has always been clean and service good, the menu has a lot of options and while the only things I have eaten are the angus burger, turkey burger and the fish and chips all were excellent.  If you look on their website you can see what they have on special for that day, otherwise it's a bit more than I like to spend for a normal workday lunch.One downside and the reason why this isn't a 5 star review is that they have advertising screens in the bathroom.  This goes against the atmosphere of the place and is more fitting of a McDonalds or truck stop.
4	My friend and I came here last night for a few beers and maybe an appetizer.  I had a coupon from the "Welcome to the Neighborhood" packet I got in the mail - $15 towards food, dine in only.  Perfection.  We sat at the bar, the bartenders were all very friendly and quick with refills and checking on us. We glanced at the menu and the prices for meals looked a little pricy, but not too bad.  Steak, fish, etc for $20+.  But we only came here for drinks and apps - so let's talk about those lobster nachos....Ohmygosh.We went with beers and decided on the lobster nachos.  Best decision ever.  Huge chunks of lobster mean adorned each nacho chip, that was also smothered with hot sauce and cheese. Mmmmmm. My mouth is watering just remembering it.  I completely suggest this for an appetizer.  Its plenty for 2 people, but runs $14, so it was awesome with the coupon and a few drinks.  I'd definitely come back here, for a date night or just to sit at the bar.
2	I want to love this place, I really do. However, the last time I was in to pick up a to-go order, I was appalled. The bartender was 1. Rude, 2. Horrible, 3. Rude about my mention of her inability to keep up and nudge that she should ask for help. Food was really inconsistent the last few times - portions were cold and fried foods showed me they've not cleaned the friers in awhile..... Drinks took a long time to get to tables and my martini glass was super sticky. I'd advise an examination of staff and reevaluation of general processes. There's potential - and the east blvd location was always awesome!!!
