5	Great, great doctor!  I started seeing her before I got pregnant and once I did get pregnant, there was nobody else I would have gone to.  She brings the "human" in the often cold and straightforward dealings with doctors in general.  She is thorough, GENTLE, and thank goodness for her humor!! Not enough great things to say about Dr. Keller, I highly recommend her!  I can't wait for her to deliver my baby!!Her office staff is really nice, too.
5	Dr Keller is the bomb. She is amazing. Till I met her, I used to hate going for my yearly appointments and would do anything to avoid it. Now, I still hate going for my appointments but I don't do anything to avoid it. Huge step up in my health care regiment. Dr Keller is at A Woman's Place Obgyn in Henderson. Nice and clean facility with a friendly staff. Dr Keller is extremely friendly, personable and she knows how to make you comfortable in the most uncomfortable of positions. She's honest, caring and gives you good advice. She has never tried to sell me additional services or freak me out unnecessarily (I've had that happen at previous doctors a myriad of times) and she has a great sense of humor.I would recommend Dr Keller to any female that would like a friendly, caring, extremely competent and reliable obgyn. As my dad would say....health is wealth :)
5	Finally someone got it right! If you have female issues (hormones, gyno needs) CALL THIS DOCTOR! She totally understands and gets what women need to feel like their normal, sexy selves. She and her staff went above and beyond to help me not once but twice in the same day. Dr. Keller and staff are professional and friendly. She made me realize I wasn't the only one feeling like I was feeling. She really takes the time to listen to her patients, gets to know what they really need and follows up with them. She and her staff were upfront and clear that they were there to help me and that's exactly what they did!I would highly recommend Dr. Keller to all the women I know. Go to her office and meet her once. You will never go anywhere else, nor will you need to. She's an amazing lady and doctor.
1	I would like to preface this review by saying that I have NEVER in all my 24 years been compelled to write a review online.  My experience today was so upsetting that I felt it had to be shared.  I live in north Las Vegas, but I was recommended to Dr. Keller for my yearly exam.  Things went smoothly, and I shared some personal information with her about my sex life.  Months later, she had somebody from her office call me about a new medication she would be offering that she thought would be helpful for me. I was excited! Not once throughout this conversation was it mentioned that neither my consultation nor the medication would be covered through my insurance.  I showed up this morning, and after 20 minutes of not being acknowledged by anybody at the front desk, they called me up to inform me that they had "forgotten to tell me that my insurance would cover none of this and it would be $150 dollars cash."  Their words exactly. Horrible communication skills and very unprofessional.  They apologized and said that that their computers were down this morning so they could not call and inform me.  I told them that they should have shared this information on the phone when they called me fishing for business.  It was a horrible waste of my morning and my gas money.  I showed a bit too much trust, but I will definitely never be back there.  Although I feel like most of this was going on without Dr. Keller even knowing, if her office staff is this incompetent then I will find another doctor.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Keller for about 5 years regularly (I am 25 now). When I first saw her I was 19 or 20 and was simply looking for a gyno I felt comfortable with. When I met her I immediately felt at ease as she is incredibly charismatic and has a great sense of humor. At that time in my life I was having severe blood pressure issues and heart palpitations which I was on a high dosage of medication for. I had been to several cardiologists...all of which questioned me incessantly about drug use as "this just doesnt happen in girls your age naturally."On one of my visits to Dr Keller she acknowledged my heart issue and suggested I get off birth control and get the Mirena IUD as it may have been the hormones causing the issue. At 19 or 20 I was apparently the youngest patient she had ever given an IUD to. My blood pressure issues immediately went away and I have had zero problems since. I am grateful to her for digging just a little deeper than all the other doctors did to find the cause of the issue rather than just treating the symptom.I have recommended several of my friends to Dr. Keller and will continue to see her as long as I am in Las Vegas.
2	She judges. 'Nuff said.
5	Great doctor! She is very understanding and listens to me. She takes her time to make sure that all my questions are answered. She thinks outside the box and always makes sure that all my problems are addressed.I would recommend her to ANY one that wants a great doctor!!!
5	I LOVE DR MARIA KELLER! She is bright and very knowledgeable about many ways to improve my health. Thanks Dr. Keller for putting the "Groove" back in my life!
1	Extremely unpleasant woman. She was abrasive, rude, and treats you like an idiot. She didn't read my chart before hand and couldn't answer my questions. She doesn't listen to you. I've been to more doctors than anyone should have to at my age. This was by far the worst experience I've had. Honestly, it was a total waste of time. As an aside, they charge two dollars to pay with a debit card. I don't care about it really but its the principle of the thing. The nurse was incredibly sweet though.
5	Best gynecologist in Las Vegas! She is so friendly and makes you feel very comfortable.  I don't know what I would do if she ever moved away! I recommend her to every gal I know.
4	The gal at the front desk is very nice. She informed me that she tried to get my files from my previous doctor at A woman's place. She faxed twice and called.. They still haven't sent them over. I'm so glad to be done with that place! It's so nice to deal with people that seem to actually care about you. The women working in the office are so important and I think a lot of times get over looked. This lady is a super stand out and deserves to be recognized. Dr. Keller has a lot of personality and definitely tells it like it is. I appreciate her frank attitude and felt very confident in her ability. I'll definitely be back to see her.
4	Dr. Keller is great! I've been going to her off and on now for 5 years. She talks to you like you're her best friend and understand that may NOT be for everyone. If you are used to quiet stuffy doctors that are cold and talk to you strictly about why you are there, then Dr. Keller will be a shock to your system. She's not going to sugar coat anything or try and get you to do more than you need to. She's a straight shooter, sometimes brash and surprising, but she'll always make you laugh.
5	Dr Keller was very good with explains everything to me and very straight forward.  I was very disappointed with my wait time because I thought they forgot about me but they made up for it I will refer her to friends and family.
1	I've been coming to Dr. Keller for the last 2 years or so. In all honesty, I've had decent experiences with her at times , but a specific series of events caused this review. The first issue was that I reccommended that my mother go to her because she was so close. My mother went to her, and she suggested that she go to a surgeon for a hysterectomy due to some complicated issues. After the hysterectomy my mom wasn't doing well emotionally. She was miserable. I came into her bedroom one night because I heard her crying, at which point she said, "I've never understood how someone could kill themselves, but I do now. I don't know what to do, I don't know why I feel this way." To hear her say that broke my heart.She was under Dr. Keller's care after the surgery and Dr. Keller wrote it off and did nothing about it. She called Dr. Keller's office several times and saw her twice after the surgery. My mother insisted it had to be from the hysterectomy because she hadn't felt this way prior.  She got progressively worse and with Dr. Keller ignoring her concerns, she went to another gynecologist. He prescribed her estrogen. It was like a lightbulb turned on and it all made sense. With the hysterectomy, her body wasn't getting the hormones she needed. The new Dr was completely shocked that Dr. Keller had overlooked this. The negligence was unbelievable. My mother already struggled with seasonal depression, so without the estrogen, she would have gotten worse, and would have likely killed herself eventually. Understandably, my mother hasn't been back since.  The second issue was that I had called and made an appointment for a mirena implant. The previous visit there I had mentioned it to Dr. Keller and she had adamantly suggested I do depo or Nuva Ring. I had already done depo with weight gain so I tried the Nuva Ring. I did not like it, it was uncomfortable, and didn't work out in the long run. (Not surprising since that's not what I requested but doctor's have a tendency to push their own agendas) She had told me before I had to be on my period to have the implant put in, so I called when I was.When I tried to make the appointment for the mirena I got one 3 weeks later on a Tuesday because they didn't have time that week and I explained what Dr. Keller had said about the cycle. She even put the phone down to go speak to Dr.Keller and check to make sure.So three weeks later on Monday (day before) I called to check what time the appointment was. The woman on the phone was different and a nightmare. She insisted that I had no appointment, and even had I scheduled an appointment, it had to be a consult and not an insertion. I said that no one told me about the consult, but that I was quite sure I had an appointment as I specifically remembered speaking to the girl and told her the girl had even checked with Dr. Keller. The woman insisted that she was one of the only few girls that worked at the desk and that I had no appointment, refusing to speak to Dr. Keller about it. She was so focused on being right and proving me wrong that it didn't matter that I was a patient or that I was frustrated or on the brink of tears. She curtly informed me that she had an appointment for a month later that I may have. I had already waited a month. So in the most even voice I could muster I said, "no that's alright, I think I need to find another doctor." To which she said, "ok have a great day," as if she hadn't just been the most insensitive human being known to man.After that, I called my mother. I've never had someone be so aggressively unkind in a doctor's office. My mother was incensed (due to her own experience) and called back. The girl proceeded to lie and tell her that I had screamed at her, and that in actuality, she had an appointment available that day, but because I was "rude", she had withheld that information, but if I wanted to call back (aka grovel), she would schedule it for me.So now we've gotten to the point that this woman, this front desk worker, has taken it upon herself to be the decider of my health care and appointments based on my behavior and cooperation via a phone conversation. She was now the official gyno gate keeper. Are you fucking kidding me?!?!?! Not to mention the fact that it was a bold faced lie. I have no problem screaming at someone, and no problem admitting it, but I did not scream at this woman. After hearing that however, my mother did scream at her. I haven't been back to the office since. Today they have the nerve to leave me a voicemail about my "annual wellness exam" as if none of that ever happened. Well good thing, because it reminded me to write this review. So thanks guys! No thank you on the appointment though. I'd rather wait a few months for a better doctor and avoid dealing with Cerberus. Word of advice, if you can't control your employees, you shouldn't have your own practice, and if you can't care for your patients properly, you shouldn't be a doctor.
1	It's taken me a while to finally do this review, but...I found this to be a very strange "professional" setting. The front desk woman was friendly, but clearly they are not up to speed with their insurance, copays, and such. I found the dr to be quite abrasive, abrupt, and not pleasant at all.  We didn't get very far because she questioned my reason for being there. I guess she will impress some people, but for me, I just found her demeanor to be lacking professionalism.
5	Dr. Keller is an intelligent, thoughtful and easy to get along with practitioner. She delivered my son 7 years ago and literally saved his life! She deftly sensed and expertly diagnosed my difference from average pregnant women and instantly stopped everything to refer me to a perinatologist who diagnosed me officially with Factor V Leiden... a blood clotting disorder that kills and maims babies in the womb.  Without Dr. Keller's amazing intuition, my son would have died or been born deformed due to my blood clotting disorder.  I would never hesitate to recommend her as a doctor.  A gifted and smart doctor is a rare gem to find.  Thank you, Dr. Keller, for noticing I "wasn't your average bear", and saving Eloy Jr.'s life. I owe you more than words can express.  Respectfully,Rachel Saenz, RN
