4	I have been shopping at this store for about 16 years. I always find something new and exciting here. I was just there yesterday. It is in the Old colonnade mall. I do not know if it is called that nay longer.  If you get a hallmark card for points, you use it every time you go in. You get points for every purchase and double points for most card purchases.  They carry Balloons and make invitations for all occasions.  You can find almost any type of gift here. They seem to have a much better selection than some of the other Hallmark stores and it is very clean. Super convenient because, you can visit all the other stores while you are there.
5	Eh, they have cards and other "ohhh" and "ahhhh" moment  items. Ladies working there were very helpful and let me go back to work very quickly, so I'm very thankful for that.
4	I was running two hours late to my little brother's birthday celebration when I realized I had forgotten to pick up a card (oh so very typical of me). Unfortunately I had already passed my favorite little local boutique and had no time to back track out my way then back to the freeway again. This I'm sure would have put me an additional hour behind and would have guaranteed a subtle 'ha ha, we are so glad you could make it" scolding from the fam. So I run into Hallmark quickly scan the shelves for the marker reading BIRTHDAY - For HIM section and I grab a few and begin my speedy process of elimination.  Honestly, these cards never read exactly how I feel. So I go with one of the singing, animated pop-up cards, grab a gift bag, and high tail it to the register. The cashier was super nice and offered to help put my gift together and even suggested I take a seat to fill out the card. They have a side table with chair right next to the register which I found to be a great idea if one has time to sit and ponder up something inspiring to write in a card. I usually just let the card speak for itself and just sign the darn thing. She encouraged me to take a quick minuet and fill it out - "come on write something from the heart". So I complied and I was glad I did. There I sat stared into space and began to think about how much my little brother meant to me.  Ugh!!!!! Leave it to me to get all mushy sentimental in a Hallmark store. They even have tissue available but I didn't cry. Thank you Hallmark girl for helping me express some brotherly love to my youngest.  I made it to his birthday party, he opened his gift, read the card and we hugged it out in a sports bar. My other brother's birthday is in March. I'll need some help with that one.
5	All the ladies that work here are super helpful and you never need to walk more than 5 feet to get help (which most of the time they get to you first... yay customer service!). Whenever I'm looking for something specific they have it at this Hallmark. Prices are reasonable and lines are always quick no matter how busy they are.
4	WOW!  They have everything here.  Cards, gifts, dresses, trinkles, balloons, etc.  NICE!
