2	There are two types of people who are patrons of this establishment: the elderly and people with free passes.  We had free passes.My fiance's work gave him two sets of Regal movie tickets.  That would be great back in Seattle where the company is because Regal's are all over.  Here, however, there are only two theaters in the Regal family and this is one of them.  The other is on Northsight somewhere.We saw a 645 movie and it was all old folks.  Even with them, the place was deserted!  There is one guy working concessions (with his first AND last name on his name tag - I thought that was a little weird...), one chick in the ticket booth, and that's about it.The actual theater was even worse.  The screen wasn't all that large, the sound was awful, and it was an "old school" theater.  I consider a "new school" theater to be one with stadium seating.  This theater you actually walked uphill when walking towards the screen.  Sounds backwards to me!  It actually might have been worse than a regular "old school" theater.  If we hadn't had free passes, we would have left.  Instead, we stayed and toughed it out.  I guess we'll venture to the Northsight location for the other two tickets.  I thought most of Scottsdale was upscale with a lot of folks around, not scarce and geriatric like Sun City.  I am no longer wondering why no one has reviewed this place - it needs to be put out to pasture!
1	UA Theaters have had it! Why do they keep this place open? Its run down, out of date and well, architecturally ugly! Oh yeah, this is the place that looks just like Space Mountain at Disneyland.. though the only thrill you'll get from here is when they finally bulldoze it down! They really should put a Harkin's there where there outta be one!
3	About as ghetto as Movie Theaters get... it should be a "dollar theater".Sometimes it is nice to escape the big crowds. Another plus is that it is about a mile from my house. I usually end up here with my kids after hitting Fiddlesticks or Chunky Cheese next door first.
5	I don't get it.  Why did people dislike this place?  I used to go out of my way to come here, simply to avoid the crowds.  I didn't have to worry about seating, and I thought it was a nice enough theater.  I remember going to see The Weather Man there; I was the only person in the theater, and it felt like my own private screening.Oh well.  It's closed now, so I guess people have gotten their wish.  Still, I'll miss this place.
3	Nice theater but seats are not comfy.  I like the fact they have food and beer/wine options and not just soda, popcorn, candy or nachos.They have a special seating area in the theater but I understand they coat $5.00 more.  The soda and popcorn prices are outrageous.  Seriously, 4.75 or 5.00 for a soda.I've been here for the free movie once before and again when I won tickets for a new movie.Location isn't ideal for us either.I'm gonna stick with Harkins as my go to big theater.
