5	Kudos to notary Chris who assisted me w/ all smiles and w/o making me feel like I was inconveniencing her (unlike the two notaries AND host at the Laveen branch).  I appreciate the roomy space that emitted positive vibrant energy, yet also made me feel quite at home.
4	Right on Campus so parking sucks. I had to use a meter outside and was in and out close to 5pm so I cant complain.
2	I come in every 2 weeks. I swear it's a 30 minute wait ever single time. Always a long line here.
1	Probably one of the slowest banks I have been to in a Long time.. Let me paint a picture for you: Monday morning rush. 1 merchant teller and 1 regular teller. Line 8 people deep and not moving. 3 useless "bankers" sitting at their desks with NO clients probably on Facebook. AVOID this bank if you are in any sort of hurry. They act like they are doing you a favor when its your money that you are giving them to hold.
5	Great Location! Nicest people in the world. Some of these reviews are hilarious. We wait in line for movie tickets, for condoms at CVS, for beer at a grocery store but we don't wait for a teller? USE AN ATM BRO or get direct deposit. If anything you're holding me up because the bank makes no money off you. Don't want to wait in line? Here's a solution: manage your money better. Stop needing your $500 available today instead of tomorrow. You're wasting everyones time including your own.Also, taking a picture in a bank makes you a creeper.100% CREEPER!
4	I hadn't been coming here long because I just moved to Arizona, but I've been with BOFA since I was 16 & my last experience at this location had me looking else where to bank. Not because of the tellers, they were great; but because there was a solid line & you could tell the 2 tellers were overwhelmed, while in the background there were at least 6 people just hanging out, which I later learned they were sucking up to some corporate big shot instead of assisting their employees in delivering customer service.But, I returned today & walked in to a line to door. My natural response was "my meter is going to expire" & irritation ensued... However, not only did the 3 tellers work through the line in roughly 10 minutes (we're talking like 15 customers), but the same guy who helped me last time (I didn't catch his name tag but he wears nice shirts/ ties & has glasses) greeted me as if I was the only person there & was very quick. I made sure to tell him that he & his team did very well working through the line.(The loss of a star is for the "higher ups," whom I don't believe deserve one with how they treated customers with their negligence during the former visit)
1	I have to come here once a month to pay rent as it's the closest to my place and every time is the same thing.. Expect to wait in line at least 15min. There's normally only one banker taking all the clients.. Never a pleasant experience.
