5	Imagine if Tabatha Coffey decided to revamp Jesse James' Monster Garage into a Barber Shop and Salon, and that's basically what you get with Floyd's 99 Barbershop.As I walked into the newly constructed shop, I was greeted by Hells Bells blasting on the radio and had to remind myself not to start bobbing my head to the great beats that were playing while razor sharp shears buzzed around my face.  Unfortunately there was no wait when I walked in; I say unfortunately because the place is full of eye candy from the poster wall of Rock and Roll Idols to the cool toolboxes turned cabinets.  I also learned afterward that there are free computers for browsing the interwebs, and the receptionist will take your music requests if you have any.I took advantage of their grand opening's half-price special which ended up costing me a little over $11 after tax.  I was seriously torn between a 4 or 5-star rating simply because this place is a bit expensive IMO, but you definitely get what you pay for.  In my case, what I paid for was a hair cut executed just as I had requested by stylist Neda, a neck shave via a guarded razor and heated shaving cream (nice touch as I'm a sucker for a clean neck), a massage, a post haircut wash and rinse (which is great since I hate having stray hairs all over the place), and last but not least a styling to finish things off.Anyway, I'm not sure if many people know of this place but I was definitely pleased with the unique experience.  ;)
2	I was pretty excited to try this place because I was looking for a good barbershop near home (i.e. NOT greatclips) and the price felt right. I went in for a clipper trim and wanted my beard done, too. A barbershop should be able to do beards, and have straight edge razors to do behind the ears an neck. I got some girl who must've not been much older than 17 who seemed completely unsure how to cut men. I had to tell her to use the clippers on my head (my hair was about 2 inches and I wanted half off - not something you can do with scissors!). Then she edged my neck with a closer clipper instead of a razor, which was ok. I asked her to do my beard because she looked like she was finishing up. She asked me how to do it. (?!) I told her to use the clipper blade, trim it around, scissors on the edges, level out the edge on my neck and shave around the edges. She just looked at me and grabbed the clippers. She did the main parts and then had no idea how to do my moustache. She struggled with it, and completely skipped my neck. I was totally disgusted by this time and just let her stop. Sure, they got good deals on haircuts, but I got charged over $20 for the beard. I was royally annoyed and won't be back, ever.
4	Oh, I love this place. The descriptions from the previous Yelpers are spot on. They play a great rock soundtrack. Everything from Led Zepplin to Linkin Park. This is not really a barber shop so nobody should be expecting that. It's more of a typical hair salon with hair dressers that are trying to get dudes away from Great Clips, and I hope they succeed.Rock posters are plastered right on top of each other, made me feel like my bedroom from my high school daze. It really sets the atmosphere, like you know when you walk up to a bar and you have no choice but to sit next to the old guy by himself and you kinda don't want to but then you realize that you know that at least you're in for an interesting conversation. It's that kind of atmosphere, cause I usually don't talk much to my stylist but these girls can talk, and they do. But it's always fun. For around $25 you get your hair shampooed and conditionered (?), a hair cut, razor cut around the back edges, hot steam towels, and an awesome massage with some contraption that is best described as a vibrating glove (I'm afraid to go into any more detail than that).A couple TV's have sports on them. There's also a couple computers with internet so you can surf while you wait. They also do color and other girlie things, I don't know.I've never had a bad haircut here and I almost everyone there has done my hair at least once. Great place! Check em out!
5	I, too, couldn't agree more with Tomas C. This place is great! When they first moved to this location, I figured it was more of a stereotypical oldschool barbershop...boy was I wrong! My husband actually checked them out first and raved about how great this place is so I had to check it out for myself! YES, they do womens hair and they do an amazing job-MUCH better than supercuts, greatclips and arizona hair co!! I haven't had coloring done here but my husband did. He sports the fauxhawk and got black and red down the middle-the stylist definitely did a great job on the funky coloring! Walk-ins are always welcome and I always get in really fast-the only time I was told there'd be a 20min wait, I popped over to Starbucks next door for a drink and when I came back 5min later, they were ready for me. Pricing isn't too bad-they charged $24 for a shampoo, layered cut, and offered up a free massage (I turned it down). $21 for a mens cut. Oh, they have 1/2 priced cuts for police officers and firefighters if you show your badge!
5	Great place for a haircut!
4	*UPDATE* - the stylist I've been using for over a year recently left to go work somewhere else, so I had to lower my rating from 5 stars down to 4.  My original review is below...Best haircut place in the East Valley!  I initially tried a new stylist each time I came in(they were so, so), until I ended up with Emily.  I've been scheduling with her for about a year now, and couldn't be happier with how my hair is cut each month!  Great atmosphere, good music and very friendly staff.  They even have a computer setup for web browsing if you are bored while waiting to get your haircut.Tip #1:  Go to the website and see when your stylist is scheduled to work, and then call that morning to make an appointment(they only take same-day appointments).  Tip #2:  This place is in the same parking lot as "Luke's of Chicago".  So if you like Chicago style Italian Beefs, hot dogs and burgers, it's a great place to stop for some good eats!
4	Floyd's is on point. They've got a hip feel to their shop, The people who work there seem to enjoy it and they have good music playing in the background. For a cut, wash, straight razor trim, hot towel and shoulder massage...for $21. Done. Write it up!
5	Old-school barbershop services with rock and roll attitude.  Got exactly what I used to get at my old small-town barbershop, complete with hot-lather straight-razor neck shave and vibrating massage, from a great professional named Christie.  I'm only in town a short while, but this would definitely be my regular shop.  Good price, too!
4	Even though Chandler is FAR to go for a haircut I'm glad I went. I read their ads in GQ and kind of felt that Floyd's was place was for me. I love my Russian Jewish barber to death but they're closed by the time I get off work during the week and it goes without saying that they're closed on Saturday which is the next best time for me to go for a haircut. But enough about that. Floyd's has a cool vibe. They play good tunes and have computers for surfing the web if you have a wait. Danie was my stylist and as this was my first time with her and with Floyd's she put me immediately at ease. She asked me what I wanted. I was going a little extreme from longer hair to a short cut and she was very careful in making sure that she was giving me what I wanted. She did a test on the clippers to make sure it wasn't too short and double checked after cutting off the bulk of my hair if I wanted to go shorter. She was not very chit-chatty which I appreciate. Not that I don't like to to talk. But you know how it is when you go to a new stylist and it's awkward when they try to chat you up? Danie was not like that, I did not feel awkward where I had to answer a bunch of icebreaker questions or make smalltalk. It was a really pleasant and great experience working with her-she is awesome and has a great sense of humor.She gave me a GREAT haircut and styling, followed by a wash, AWESOME head massage and finally a straight razor neck shave and a hot towel. Best of all is the price. I've gone to a few high-end salons and barbers and finished $40 lighter in my wallet. I got all of the above: stellar service, good vibe, great haircut, wash/head massage, shave, hot towel and styling for $21-doesn't get better than that. Their hours are also convenient as they stay open until 9:00pm during the week. I really like what I got at Floyd's and will be back despite the drive-it's worth it for me
5	So I've been going to V's barber shop for years and for the money Floyd's 99 beats them hands down. I'm always excited when I find a new haircutter and Tara is my new favorite. Very friendly, attention to detail, trimmed my eyebrows, warm towels on your face/neck, scalp massage with tea tree shampoo that makes your head tingle and straight razor for your neck. She cut my wife's hair and she absolutely loved it too! So take your lady for a couple trip here, she can take your FB pic as you get your nose hair waxed. I recommend Tara and Floyd's 99!
5	I've been here a few times, the first couple times it wasn't bad. I got a decent hair cut pretty quick and the cost was good. The only reason I'm writing a review is because of the last time I went. I'm the kind of person that hates getting a hair cut, I put it off until I look like a shaggy dog and it's not because I GETTING the hair cut, it's because I never know what to do with my hair. Because of this I've never made an appointment for one before in my life, I just walk into the nearest barber and let them cut away. The girl who cut my hair last time not only did an awesome job with my poor direction but she also helped me realize what I could do with my hair to make it look good for a change and not require a lot of maintenance and time to do so. Her name is Chelsea and she is the only reason that I've started making appointments. I use to think this place wasn't bad but now I won't get my hair cut by anyone else. She has an awesome personality and is great at her job. By far the best hair cut I've ever had!
4	First impression wasn't what I expected.  Honestly, this place could have just as easily been a tattoo parlor.  It was far different than any other place I've been into.  Posters all over the walls, music playing, and the staff all tatted up, pierced, and all that jazz.  I was digging it!I recommend calling ahead, which I did.  They seemed pretty busy.  I was impressed they were cutting kids hair too, and they actually looked like they enjoyed cutting kids hair.So I got called up, and met "Jason"(I put it in quotes, because when I saw his business card, it was spelled J-Sin... LOL!).  J-sin was a cool cat and fit the vibe of the place, pink hair and all.  When I started telling him what I was thinking for my hair, he was actually listening, and asking questions!  I was impressed.  He was a good conversationist, he had a few laughs, joked with the barber next to us, and just had a good time.The cut was fantastic.  I also got a hot towel for my face while he shampooed my hair, and gave me a nice shave on the neck.Overall I was VERY impressed, and it was reasonably priced for the amount of service.  I will definitely be going back to J-sin.
5	Head spa is great! inside store and people are nice!
1	Barber Capes is not clean at all! Others' hair is still left on it ! The worst experience I have ever had. I went for just hair wash and blow dry. They charged me 16 box without showed me any kind of price list. My scalp feel more itch before wash.
1	My mother and I just received two of the worst haircuts we've ever had from this place. Why do stylists never go off the picture the client brings in? I've been to cosmetology school, we didnt show them unreasonable cuts for our type of hair.  But nevertheless, neither one of us got what we asked for. My bob (how hard is it to get. Bob right?) looked decent in the salon even though it was way too short and I ended up looking more like Victoria Beckham than I wanted to. When I got home I noticed how choppy, blunt, and uneven the cut really was. Then they messed up my mother's beautiful naturally curly hair. Not to mention two girls had to cut her hair because one was overbooked, which is very unprofessional in my opinion. The first girl had her hair looking like a stacked mess of poodle hair from the 80's. the second started to just style it, and it looked horrible until we spoke up. Once again it looked absolutely nothing like what she wanted. Then it was straightened and trimmed a bit more, which looked a little better but ended up looking like Mrs. Brady's shag. Absolutely awful. When my mother said she didn't like it, she was told, "you'll get used to it". It was our fault for not being bigger bitches and demanding they fix it or refund our money. Now I have to pay someone else to get it fixed, thanks a lot Floyd's.
1	barbershop like i've never experienced before...and don't care to again.  was looking forward to a haircut and hot lather shave, a little extra pampering...not here, not with Traci.  no shampoo, no relaxing shoulder massage.  cold, methodical, rushed, maybe she hates her job, maybe floyds doesn't have standards, don't know, don't care at this point
5	I am really shocked at the negative reviews for Floyd's. I have been here twice now and have had nothing but awesomeness in terms of service. My barber's name first time around was Valerie so I asked for her my second visit and I will keep going back.  As one person mentioned, this place gets busy so it is worth it to call ahead.  They do not take appointments days in advance but you can book same day appointments. I arrived a few minutes early and only waited a few minutes while she finished her last appointment.  After the cut, she finished with a really awesome shampoo and scalp massage followed which was accompanied by a hot towel face treatment.  Top that off with a neck and shoulder massage using  a power tool designed for the service and it all adds up to awesomeness and all that for $21 + tip!My haircut has received multiple compliments in just three days so I cannot find anything to complain about.  A final though on some of the incongruous reviews listed herein. For people complaining about pricing, I don't know what to tell them, there is a gigantic pricing board on the wall. It is practically impossible to miss.  I would seriously question someone who claims they had no idea what the prices are. I had been to several other salons and barber shops since moving to Arizona and been underwhelmed by the service before finding Floyd's 99 Barbershop. This place is the best. I will never go anywhere else.
3	I came in last weekend, long overdue for a trim. My boyfriend has been here several times and always has a pleasant experience-I know this place sees a lot of male clientele however a girl I follow on YouTube whose hair I adore goes to another Floyd's location so I made an assumption that they'd do just as good of a job on women's cuts. I went in for a trim and to get bangs. I asked for half moon bangs. As the stylist started trimming my hair, she looked concerned (or maybe it was a concentrated look? Who knows). I brought up my hair color which I know isn't that perfect looking at the moment but that wasn't it. Apparently my hair had been over texturized the last time I got it cut so it looked like I had a lot of split ends. Fair enough, I was happy that was brought to my attention. However, when it came to my bangs, she was uncomfortable doing what I asked for which was half moon bangs. She had her boss do them. I had indicated that I wanted them longish. What I got was way shorter than what was requested, and when I went home I noticed that my bangs were not cut all the way across my forehead-when the stylist finished my bangs she had arranged my layers so that it covered that area (which is why I didn't notice it at first). I didn't say anything about the shortness because honestly, what's the point? That can't be fixed. Thankfully hair grows.. The rest of my hair looks fine and I really appreciated the stylist's suggestion about different products to use to improve the quality of my hair. I'm on the fence about whether I'd go back-however I would recommend them if you're a guy. My boyfriend always gets great haircuts from Floyd's.
4	This place is awesome. In fact, it is the only place we've found that actually knows what a razor-faded high-and-tight is! My husband goes to Crystal and she does an excellent high-and-tight. He also enjoys the hot lather straight razor shave for his face. Even when she just uses clippers everything is even and well-trimmed. I go to Valerie. She is very skilled and pays great attention to detail. She also gives the best scalp massage ever! And I was a professional massage therapist for 7 years so that says something. Floyd's knows how to make a hair appointment an experience. We really enjoy the attention to detail, like the hot towels infused with tea tree oil. And I appreciate that they offer a variety of services for men and women so we no longer have to go to two different locations. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for my appointment either. I appreciate the environment too, especially how the barbers/hair stylists personalize their tool boxes and stations. It adds to the experience. I hate going to generic locations where the stylists basically rent a station for the day. When I go to Floyd's I know my hair stylist is using her own equipment and is established with the company so she has standards to uphold. My only complaint that keeps that 5th star away is that Floyd's only offers same-day hair appointments. I really prefer to make appointments in advance.
5	I go to the location in Chandler,AZ and Denver,CO both are the best they are very nice and always do a good job!
4	I liked the whole theme of the place.  I got a great cut on my hair but the lady kind of botched my bangs :/ it is a cool place though.
4	Caveat: I didn't get my hair cut here.  I was with my buddy who was getting ready for his wedding and the people at Floyd's were helping him get all gussied up.  But I would definitely get my hair cut here.  The stylists were all really friendly.  The decor and music selection was awesome.  I wish it was closer to where I live.
5	I am a creature of habit. At least when it comes to things of quality. I had the same person cut my hair for 3 years in high school, and another for 5 years in the Marines. Having said that, I have found my new barber. Valerie is phenomenal! This is the second time I've gotten a cut and beard trim by her and she's just the bees knees. All of the people I've gotten cuts from here have been good, but if you're looking for a super awesome stylist with mad nerd cred, seek no one other than Valerie. The decor is neat, and the music is good; but what truly makes this place a winner are the people that man (well, woman) the front counter, and the incredible people that make up the stylist part of the staff. Again, Book with Valerie and I can promise the experience will rock your socks off.
4	I've been getting my hair trimmed at Floyd's for awhile now after being introduced to the place by my husband. I like that I don't have to make an appointment - walk-ins are welcome and with my busy schedule, that is a plus.Over all these visits, I've never found The Stylist that I want to see exclusively until yesterday. After my hair received Jenna's TLC, it looks fabulous, sassy, and super healthy. I'm going to start making appointments with her from now on.
3	Do not let the girl with the short blonde pixie cut take scissors to your hair. She is not very good.  Maybe she was having a bad day, but the trim I went in for is less than mediocre.  She also cut my bangs super crooked.  Thank god for bobby pins! Pinning my bangs back until they grow a bit.  She was nice.....but she needs to take more lessons to perfect her craft.
4	Four stars because I "almost" always leave with a great cut and a solid experience. Jenna cut my hair tonight and she did a killer job, didn't talk more than I wanted her to, firm shampoo, shaved my neck and then gave me a quick back/neck massage, which was enough. I tried a shave once Nd found that it wasn't closer than a regular shave, but the experience was incredible. Extremely relaxing, more so than some actual massages I've had.
1	I walked into the barbershop with my boyfriend who requested Valarie. The emo receptionist gal explained it will be 45 minutes, she took his name and number. We returned approximately 40 minutes later...so 5 minutes early for the appointment time, and were told it will now be at least 30 more minutes because Valarie had started another client; however the same receptionist said "you weren't here so we took someone else" then said "I called you" we confirmed she had the correct number and there was no missed phone calls...This is POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I have been in the salon industry almost 20 years and I would NEVER treat a customer like this.  No apology,  just lie to my face because the receptionist thought she could squeeze someone in and there were other stylist available....not acceptable!  We left and my boyfriend was pissed and will not return.
3	Prices went up! Floyd's cut is no longer $21 now $22 and now the shampoo is extra $3. $25 for just a haircut. Kinda pricey. I need to find a barber that's charges only $16 for a haircut
5	Love this place the staff is great and friendly! Reasonable prices too considering everything you get included. I go to Valerie every time she's awesome, she always cuts my hair to perfection!
5	Gena, Chris and Valerie have some wicked talent.  I drive 38 miles one way to come to Floyd's 99... Amazing experience!
1	I would put zero stars if that was an option.  The girl cut my hair in 5 minutes, cut it too short and did not make an attempt to make anything better.  The only thing she said was "I'll help you to the register to checkout".  It felt like she was racing to get me out of the chair.  I would never recommend this place to anyone.  This is far from a barber shop.  2nd worst haircut I have ever received.  At least the worst haircut was free.The individuals that are rating 4/5 stars must be family or close friends.
4	Went with my boyfriend to get his mane buzzed off. We decided to go to Floyd's because we noticed it nearly we would go to the Starbucks so we decided to try it out. I thought $20 w/ tip for a quick buzz was a bit pricey, my bf wasn't a big fan of the warm towel face swaddle at the end which is part of the "experience" you're paying for. It was nice to be able to walk-in, be seated right away, have a quick cut, and be on your way. The male barber did a great job detailing the back of the neck I thought.
5	My boyfriend drove by Floyd ' s one day and saw Jason. Since then he hasn't gone anywhere else.  Jason is great and always does a fantastic job.  Everyone there is always nice - service is great.
5	Jason rocks!  After my old stylist went into a different field of work I really struggled finding some to do my hair.  For over a year I bounced around from person to person, salon to salon, until that day Jason cut my hair.  Now I'm hooked and don't ever plan on anyone else doing my hair.  Don't leave Jason!  He does a very thorough job and will even be honest about what will look good and what won't look good.  He takes his time to ensure he is doing a good job as he believes his work is a reflection of him.  You should be proud then,Jason, as your haircuts are the best!
5	J-Sin cuts my hair every 2 weeks and he never disappoints. He is thorough and never cuts corners when im in the chair. He is for sure an asset to Floyds and as long as he is able to cut hair, I will be going to him. I have asked him to cut my hair several different ways and he always does as I ask and will even give his honest opinion if he feels my hair will look bad with what I am asking for. I live in Chandler and would drive to the west side to get my hair cut by him. Bottom line is dude can cut some hair! Thanks bro.
5	Another great cut!  Thanks Perry! Would recommend this place to anyone
1	Was really looking forward to getting my fade haircut re done at Floyd's. I had grown out my hair since my last fade and showed up right at 9am. I asked for the best barber. I asked several question to make sure she knew what she was doing to my hair. She "acted" like she knew what she was doing and I went with it. 10 min later she finished my fade. My haircut looked so bad, uneven, and unprofessional. I didn't want to upset her and tell her I was not going to pay for this cut so I paid and left. I immediately left and went to Davens Barber shop on Apache and got my fade fixed. The barber there said that the barber at Floyd's should have her license redone and told me to go back and ask for a refund after showing them my fade. I would not recommend this place to anyone and will never go there again. It's not a real barber shop!
5	My boyfriend found this place online and saw that it had good reviews. He has a hard time with his hair because it is very wavy and needs to be thinned out. He is very shy about new hairstyles or styling his hair in general. He brought in a picture of a nice business haircut he wanted for his interview. A blonde girl (can't remember her name) cut his hair and showed him how to style and recommended a styling gel that wouldn't make his hair hard. He looked great! Now he styles his hair everyday and feels more confident and will now be more open to trying new styles. Two weeks later I got a hankering to get bangs. I haven't had them since I was small and was just a tad nervous. A girl named Hilary cut my hair and did such a good job. I get so many compliments on my bangs! My boyfriend and I moved around a lot the past couple years and were in LA until recently and had a lot of trouble finding a new local place. I love this place! :)
5	I come in here once a month with my hair looking like a wild shrub. I've been to many hair places looking to tame the wild mess, with much disappointment. When my cousin recommended this place, I had my skepticism. In my 10+ years of looking I've never found a place I liked, however, I reluctantly went in.Kris has the hands of a Mr. Miagi, able to turn a wild bonsai in to a work of art. He takes his time to give you a meticulous hair cut every single time.
1	Like some of the other reviews, I got the 5-minute haircut that was too short and could have done myself with an electric razor.  The girl that cut my hair seemed more interested in finishing my cut as quick as possible so she could disappear again to the back of the shop instead of trying to do a semi-decent job.  I asked for a neck shave, and it was 2-second scrape that only added to the total cost of the whole ordeal.  Can't recommend this place.
1	Went there today for first time . They told me 20-25 min wait. After 40 minutes of waiting and watching numerous people who came in after me taken care of . I asked when I would be up I could see on the book I had been crossed off so I asked when I would be up she told me maybe 10 min.... 50 min to get no haircut. No thanks
5	I have been coming here for at least a year, and will not go anywhere else. The first time I came here I had Chris, or as I like to calm him, my beauty advisor. I have requested him every time since then, as he has always been extremely thorough and can hold a real conversation, instead of the normal generic conversations that are often forced in customer service situation. I have not had any issues with Chris or the shop in general, and will continue to consult with my beauty advisor on a monthly basis.
1	So what happened to others happened to me. They took my name and number and told me 20 minutes. They have no place to sit and wait so I walked over to Starbucks. The short haired girl said shed call me... Im still waiting for that call. They were the only ones open late so thought id give them a shot. Guess not.
