5	This is my favourite place ever!!  EVER!!  The food is amazing and fresh ALL the time.  You can get anything you ever wanted here.  My fav option are the sandwiches (smoked salmon) but you can also get the best packaged sushi that I have ever had in North America.  They have amazing fresh pasta, cheese, endless desserts and more!  I went at least once a day when I lived in Waterloo and go there every time that I go back to visit friends.  It's usually packed around dinner time and the weekends but it is SO SO worth the wait.You will not be disappointed, I've introduced so many people to this place and they like me are so addicted!!!  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars :)
5	I live in Vancouver,  there isn't an Italian deli as good as this one.  A+ selection of cheeze, meats and everything Italian.
5	It's my second last day in Waterloo, and I realized I haven't had a chance to write about Vincenzo's just yet.  I went here today with a friend of mine to grab myself a sandwich. Usually, I go at odd hours, and never at lunch.  I did not realize how many people were there.  Vincenzo's is a little market with amazing fine foods.I haven't had a chance to try the fresh foods at Vincenzo's, but I would definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I got myself a smoked salmon sandwich on a panini.  It was absolutely delicious.  A condiment that my friend always suggest is the pesto-mayo.The desserts look amazing too - but I've never tried it before.  Will definitely have to come back again when I come back to visit!
5	I wish I found out about this place earlier! My main reason was going was for the macarons - 75 cents for one, pretty good price and beautiful looking.  But you get it served in a paper bag so presentation isn't too fancy lol.  The flavours seemed a bit funky though (rose, lilac, jasmine....?). I would have liked some more "typical" macaron flavours such as pistachio lol.  They had a total of 5 flavours available when I went during the evening.I was also surprised by the dessert selection - SOOO much dessert, all looked amazing and they were quite affordable. (Maybe $2-4 on average for a small single serving). There are also a TON of cakes ranging from $12 for a really small one to upwards of $25 - for the money you pay for cakes elsewhere, this seems like a really good value because it looks soo much prettier than your average cake. =)There's also a lot of food/groceries, but I didn't go there for that, so I'll just save that for another time. There was an unbelievable selection of various types of CHEESE and bread and meats.  I did get a small container of tuna pasta salad, which seems kind of pricey for the small container you get ($1.55 or so for 100 grams) but it actually does fill you up. The location has street parking and is in a nice area (uptown Waterloo) so definitely worth a visit. : ) Also easy to reach via GRT, and even walkable from campus on a nice day.
4	Vincenzo's was a shock to me. I went to my hometown for some family time and was taken to this fantastically stocked fine foods store. I am always on the hunt for specific items, my current obsession is Ligurian olive oil, a sometimes difficult to find item. Vincenzo's had three brands in a range of prices. Quite amazing. They have a large prepared foods and bakery area, with a sandwich bar I would recommend highly. I would dare to say that Vincenzo's is better than 98% of the fine foods stores in Toronto.
5	The BEST Sandwiches in Southern Ontario!!I was introduced to Vincenzo's by a friend who took me here for a fresh deli sandwich and let me tell you, their sandwiches DO NOT disappoint.Picture an Italian panini, with fresh brie, a generous serving of shaved roasted red pepper chicken, artichoke caponata, olive taponade, pesto mayo, fresh crunchy cucumbers, and ripe flavourful bruchetta.These sandwiches are the best I have ever eaten! You get to choose your bread, meat, cheese, toppings and sauces. All of their ingredients are fresh as can be and full of flavour.They have an impressive cheese selection, an impressive deli meat selection, they make a wide assortment of fresh foods like somasas, quiches, pastas, etc. They also sell all the standard things you'd expect to find in an Italian grocer like oils and vinegars, and crackers, fresh bread, pasta, and  sauces.I don't think I can recommend this place highly enough. If you haven't checked this place out already, I recommend you get off your chair, and head over immediately!!I have yet to find a place this good in Toronto, and am skeptical I'll be able to.***TIP: All students take note, my friend and I use to share a single sandwich between the two of us, they are that large and it makes this gourmet sandwich VERY affordable on a student budget.***
5	They have macarons for 89 cents each! The size is quite small (about 4cm in diameter - yes I'm a math student), but they are imported from France and tasted just heavenly. I personally do not like macarons that are too sweet so theirs is just right for me. I also love the fact that they don't store them in a cooler (although that seems to be the "right" way to do it).Other things they sell include a really wide selection of fine foods, European cookies and sweets, all kinds of cheeses, sandwiches, Asian grocery...I could easily walk out of that store with a $200 bill! I'm sure everyone can find something they like in there.Now, this is a bit of a rant...but their cashiers are so not friendly. Very impatient people. I remember when they were at the old location on Union street it wasn't like this. What happened?
5	This place is WINNING!Finally made it out to Vincenzo's and felt like a little kid in a candy store. I was seriously OOOHing and AHHing at everything. This place has so many products, an assortment of yummy treats and desserts (Macarons - YES!), and the sandwiches...OMG the sandwiches. They are the BEST sandwiches I've EVER HAD!My husband and I were totting along our two little ones so we pretty much had to get in and get out, but believe me, with a place like that I could have easily spent the better part of my day there.  There's just no way I can go to Waterloo without making a stop to Vincenzo's from here on out.
5	I first started frequenting this place back in 2002 when it was still located in Belmont Village. I only ever went to this place for their sandwiches, which they have become famous for in the KW area. Whenever asked about my favourite sandwich I would always refer to the variety of toppings that I could select from at this place. I was first introduced to artichoke caponata at Vincenzo's as a sandwich topping, and very quickly the artichoke caponata spread that they make so well has become a favourite spread not only for sandwiches but also for crackers or on top of slices of baguette. There is no other art-cap, as many refer to it, like Vincenzo's. For me, they also made pesto-mayo a sandwich "must-have". What a simple topping, but also what a flavourful combination. I've tried to replicate at home, but I just haven't gotten the proper consistency. To add a kick of spice to their sandwiches they also offer the Bomb. The bomb is a nice and spicy taponade that they serve as a sandwich spread. While I am not also up for the spice, when I am, this sure does the trick. Be careful though, its really spicy! When it comes to actual toppings, they have your typical sandwich toppings like lettuce, tomato, cucumber, green pepper, black olives, onions, pickles, hot peppers, and bruschetta, but to set themselves apart from many other sandwich places around town they offer fancier toppings (at an additional cost of 25 cents) which include but are not limited to, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and roasted eggplant. When it comes to meats and cheeses, if you want it, they've got it. They provide a list of meats and cheeses to choose from, but they also have an expansive selections of meats and cheeses not on their board, that if you see at the deli counter you can request on your sandwich. While their sandwiches have gone up in price, they still sit around the $5 mark and are well worth the money!This place does not only offer sandwiches though. They have a hot food counter, a salad bar, a desserts and pastries counter, as well as a sushi bar. The sushi is made in house and is not bad. This place is also a grocery store, which offers a wide variety of products that you will not find at your local supermarket. While the prices on some of grocery items are more than a local supermarket would offer, the quality you are receiving is reflected in the price. They have some fantastic fresh pasta which comes frozen and you order by the gram. They also have some fantastic breads to choose from in their bakery section. On your way out, if you are leaving through the back (where there is seating to eat your food) they also have a gelato counter and little cafe. They make great coffee here. There is nothing bad I can say about this place. Whenever I am in Waterloo I make it a must to stop here and either grab a quick sandwich or some other food selection. Beware, I am not the only one who likes this place, and it has become quite the hot spot in Waterloo, so make sure you give yourself some time when you go!
4	Excellent selection of European and local products. Sandwiches are very popular, great organic produce, exceptional deli selection. I buy all my meat from the Bauer Butcher inside Vincenzo's, locally sourced and incredibly flavorful.They even carry the Dutch cookies I grew up on. I don't know what I'd do without Vincenzo's!
5	Located in the heart of Uptown Waterloo, Vincenzo's is a local favorite!  They have all sorts of high quality ingredients for making a delicious italian feast! I have been to a few different italian markets, but Vincenzo's has a much larger, more quality selection. You can also buy ready made food such as lasagna and meatballs, among other things, as well as made to order sandwiches. I had a smoked salmon sandwich (as another yelper had suggested) on panini bread with pesto, onions, cucumbers, and some green pepper. It tasted very fresh and delicious. They also have a cafe inside as well. Definitely go here if you are in town!
5	Vincenzo's is grocery store, sandwich place, bakery, and also a cafe. It's a good mix and performs well all around. I'm simply going to review a few of the services since there are many. I've had plenty of sandwiches and have had coffee there  about twice. If you're into coffee, they made a solid cappuccino but I would have a few more to really give a fair impression.Grocery store/bakery:Now when I say grocery store, this is not your typical supermarket. It's got tons of options, many fresh and many imported from Europe. If you're looking for a specific cheese, they'll probably have it. They even have Queso Fresco, which is a rarity (try it on Pizza). You need olives, there's an abundance of selection including fresh olives (low sodium), which is also rare. Same goes for bread, meat, fish, clams, shrimp (keeping in mind, we are inland),  spices, bottled/canned goods from Europe, and plenty of other things that I've omitted. The only section that doesn't have a ton of options is the fruits and vegetables but if you're really picky about this kind of thing best to go to a market. Also, before I forget, the fresh pasta and raviolis are excellent. Well worth getting fresh the stuff over the dry options IMO.The store is incredibly well staffed. It's actually impressive how much staff works there. Also, the staff is quite knowledgeable and most seem to be foodies. If you have any questions, they can usually answer them with specific recommendations.  Unless you're waiting for a sandwich or pasta at a peak time (lunch), the service is very quick.Now the only negative I have of Vincenzo's grocery shopping is because it's got such an awesome selection of delicious food, you might overspend a bit but at least you know you're getting quality and service. Sandwich counter: this is almost  a separate business from the grocery store since many people do come in just for lunch. It is very good. There is a great selection (just like the store) for everything you'd like to put in the sandwich starting with the bread and ending with toppings (Artichoke Caponata, Sun Dried Tomato Caponata, Bruschetta among others) . I find that you end up making your sandwich differently because of the choices, which makes it much less repetitive than going to subway. Also, the sandwiches are very well priced. I would highly recommend going here instead of Subway or other chains.Pasta Counter (Thursdays only):I haven't personally experienced the pasta but my friend really enjoyed the dish that was made for him. There is a selection of meat, shrimp or chicken, then sauces and vegetables, with some delicious sauces (pesto, tomato, cream-based, etc). This is cooked on a stove in front of you. Like the sandwiches, the pasta dishes are well priced. The only negative is that the line can be long for this counter, which will take a while so try to go with a friend to keep you company.Hot counter:There is also a hot counter, which I have yet to sample but it also looks quite good. I'll update once I try it out.
5	Phenomenal sandwiches perfect for a quick lunch or dinner.
5	This is the one stop shopping experience for all epicureans. They have a little bit of everything here. Hundreds of cheeses, meats, olive oils, vinegars & hard to find ingredients for virtually all types and styles of cuisine.Apart from the grocery angle there is also a butcher, small produce area, fish monger and sushi bar. They also serve food which includes custom made sandwiches, pizzas, daily specials, espresso and gelato. What's not to love?Vincenzo's is now in it's third incarnation in Waterloo. It has moved to this location in the last couple of years and it is a nice improvement. I miss the charm of the last store, but the improvement in space allows for even more exotic goodies.As always I look forward to my next adventure to Vincenzo's!
5	I have been grabbing meals from Vincenzo's hot counter for a couple of years now to serve small meetings and coworkers pulling extra long shifts. They are just as affordable as most burger joints, but their selection of great food and fabulous quality definitely set them apart, and they are a far healthier option, too!
4	As seen from the many reviews on this place, it is a gem for Waterloo.  It's quite rare to find a place that has high quality unique items from Europe in GTA suburbia ... let alone from the KW area!  This place feels like the UN consortium for food.  It has a bit of everything.  It has a deli, butcher, cheesemonger (is that even a word? if so, what a great word), savoury and sweet sauces and condiments, seafood, hot plate area, cafe, gelato (!!), groceries, and baked goods. I've been here for lunch a few times and I will say that their foods is not as good as the actual store area but it's still a delightful place for Waterloo.I first came here for lunch and didn't expect a great little retail store as well.  I ordered a sandwich at first and to be fair, the menu sounded a lot better than the execution.  I had the smoked chicken sandwich on a calabrese bun with their 'famous' artichoke caponata and various veggies.  I think for the price, it is fair but it just wasn't as flavourful as it was described to me by the person behind the counter.  I was salivating at the idea of the artichoke caponata as she explained it to me as a beautiful savoury creamy blend of roasted nutty vegetable flavour.  To me, the spread was just a lightly flavoured mayo.I also headed to baked good areas and grabbed my favourite baked treat... MACARONS!  These were very reasonably priced for minis.  It was less than $1 a piece.  I was thrilled... until I ate it.  The texture of these were far from meringue like and they were heavy like a brick butter cookie.  Upon discovering this, I asked if they were baked recently and found these were frozen in Europe and imported over and defrosted months later here... ugh. Save yourself the trouble and do not buy these!  I also got a tiramisu here and for $5 it was a bit pricey.  I would hope an Italian place would do tiramisu well but this was a disappoint as well.  It tasted only of sugary whip cream and not even marscapone cheese and espresso.  The cheese area brought back me to delighted stage.  I found so many great cheeses including real imported GOP buffalo mozzarella.  With the price at $6, I found it very reasonable for authentic GOP.  I also bought some GOP aged balsamic vinegar and it was phenomenal.  For $10, I got a lovely syrupy sweet and acidic black liquid gold that is perfect for grilled chicken.Service is personable, quick, and friendly!  Overall, the food counters are bit of a miss but the grocery area is wonderful!
5	The breads, prepared foods, and cheeses are definitely worth checking out. If you're hungry, they make very good sandwiches. Vincenzo's carries a lot of specialty items, but sometimes one can find the more common items much cheaper at a regular grocery store.
4	I am always really happy when I visit, they usually have random things like salmon roe and sanganaki cheese, or like 10 different kind of salts.They have grass fed beef, but it's not always the freshest, really depends on your luck. But when they have a meat sale, then usually it's much fresher.
5	This place is amazing. Soo much to choose from. Love the hot sauce section. The cheese section is unreal. And they will let you try anything. Overall a really great store
4	Vincenzo's started out as a restaurant supply store, so it's amazing to see they've expanded into a larger location to serve the new (and growing) uptown Waterloo crowd. I love their fresh cheese and meats selection.  Along with their in-store baked breads, you can pick your own meat, cheese, and bun and they'll make it for you to go.  Best of all, I love their cold pasta salads, especially the one with olive oil, pesto, roasted tomatoes, and feta cheese.  Their dessert selection is also outstanding.  Whether you're looking for a specific ingredient for a dinner, or a quick bite to eat, Vincenzo's is a great treat!
5	Very food food. A excellent place for a quick bite. Service is excellent as usual.
5	I like to just walk around the store and look at all the cool food items (think black and white bow tie pasta). It's a lot of fun to spend a bit of money to try out some cool snacks or new cooking materials. My only complaint is that the desserts are too sweet. Some people might like it but I appreciate more subtle flavors.
4	I just visited today because we were looking for some sashimi grade salmon for homemade sashimi. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fish and the fact that they carry wasabi to go with it.  The gelato I had was good but too sweet for my liking. For waterloo, this place is great considering there really isn't any competitors that offer the same selection of hard to find/exotic cooking ingredients. If you are from Toronto, this store is exactly the same concept/selection as Pusateri's but at a much more reasonable price point. The only complaint is that the store could be less crowded and had more navigation because i got lost walking around a few times. Bonus points for carrying gelato, macaroons, free samples and kefir!
2	The customer service has been really poor lately. From some checkout cashiers insisting on giving the receipt to others asking for receipt when you exit even with one bakery item to sloppily made "made to order" items, its just going downhill. It almost seems like they don't care about their customers.
5	Vincenzo's is the best grocery store in Waterloo.  It's not the kind of place where you can go and get everything you need, but it's the place to go if you need the highest quality foods, especially meats, fish, cheese, veggies, etc.  I've had sandwiches at the cafe a few times and they were also excellent.  Very tasty desserts too.
5	Your taste buds will thank you, your wallet may not (but it's SO worth it!)
5	Amazing selection of fresh meat, cheeses, and a variety of desserts. If you're a fan of spices, they have everything that you're looking for! Specialty items that normal grocery stores don't carry because they are not in high demand... you know you will find them here :)Very good selection of anything that you're looking for. They also have a cute cafe area where you can enjoy the food you've purchased along with a coffee, a nice dessert, or even gelato. I should also mention their sandwich bar is awesome. All this at a reasonable price. Why wouldn't anyone shop here?
1	I've never been in an establishment with such rude patrons. Seems people go there to show off that they have money. Produce section isn't good, not a suitable place for vegetarians/vegans. Most items are a few dollars more than you'd find elsewhere. The store is all done for looks and presentation, take your money somewhere that cares a little.
