4	The location is great but need more playing fields, there is 1 woodsball field and 2 speedball fields. Its a great place to play if you just want to go and play. The entry fee/air is a little expensive for me but i guess they have to make money somehow. I do love after a game the referees will wipe off the paint from your mask and clothes. Great place if you love speedball but A-ok if your more of a woodsball player. The rental equipment is excellent, no problems when out playing a game. I think the best day to go is on saturday, more players out to play. I've been to better playing fields but this one works out great when there really isn't many fields around. The owners and the people that work there make the place worth going, always so friendly and willing to help whenever needed. The one owner was nice enough and take my marker in for a week and tried to fix with no charge. so I like how they always remember who we are and make it very enjoyable. The owner's wife is just awesome so polite and friendly and always asks if your having a good time. at first i did not really like this field but it is growing on me and im liking it more and more everytime i go.
4	I've been to a few different paint ball courses and while I am no expert I will do my best to give you an accurate and detailed review.There were only three courses laid out, two medium/small courses with inflatable obstacles and one large one that is a little bigger than the other two combined with cement obstacles. That one was by far the most fun and allowed my novice team a better fighting chance to escape alive hahahaha (evil sadistic laugh)We showed up a little early on a Sunday afternoon rented three sets of gear (guns masks and Ammo) and it cost us $178. We explained that nobody playing today had any major experience with paint balling and would appreciate any pointers/help getting set up. That resulted in a 20min boot camp on how to set up, load and charge your weapons as well as some basic strategy on how not to get lit up as soon as the game started.3.5 hours later my humble novice band of warriors had been torn to shreds by 4 different sets of children still in grade school. Didnt think they were having fun at losing their pride to grade schoolers but after every match they would look at me and ask can we go again? The rule is as long as you have paint you can stay on the field and be placed against opponent so sure go on out there. Our box of paint lasted almost 4 hours and five games.As far as the field and viewing platform is concerned they are above par. You really can't view the larger field from the platform but with a telephoto lens you can get some great shots. The staff is top notch and easy to work with. We will definitely be back!
2	Been there a few times over all an on field but the refs are horrible and lazy. Two speed ball fields they have are always messy and very easy to slip due to the lack of care. The scenario field is a joke and needs to have lots of tlc to it. It's hard to find a ref that will walk all the way out there and actually ref the game. If you by yourself or with a few friends its a waste of time unless your all professional players. I've seen people kicked off fields by employees cause teams wanted to practice. There paint is decent but a lil over priced. It has the potential to be a great place but needs new management and better grass. It only has 3 fill stations so you'll be waiting in line to refill your tanks. Not the best but the worst in vegas.
