3	I'm only a fan of the doctor-Dr. Adam's gets 4 1/2 stars. The doctor is very nice and is very professional. As for her staff -the the one at the front desk with the eyeglasses she is vindictive.  This review is for the candy striper  or whatever her not- so important -title is caIled.-I have no problems coming here but the next time that "thing" gets rude- it will not be a pretty sight. I don't see how someone can work in the medical field and be so rude-but then again she's at the bottom of  barrel.
1	Wow- I really done with place- I called to make a payment and the lady named Yolanda was rude and she refused my payment( it wasn't late either). She claim she didnt know how to take payment(weird).Due to bad customer service i won't be returning here again.
4	Dr. Adams is attentive and really listens. She take pride in her work and is an all around attentive doctor. She is up to date on the latest treatments. She is a great doctor. The only reason I didn't give her 5 stars is the really long wait each time I visit, and the inexperienced and uncaring staff at the front. They clearly don't enjoy their job, which reflects in the treatment of patients. Dr. Adams is great and I will continue to see her despite the staff and waiting time.
2	Dr. Adams is a wonderful doctor.  She is extremely caring, attentive and knowledgeable.  If this review were just for her adequacy as a physician, I would have given her 5 stars. Carly, Dr. Adams' admin, is also a joy to speak with.  She goes above and beyond her call of duty and will to try to help you in every way possible.  The two main points that deserve a negative (yes, extremely subpar) rating are:1. The wait time.  I'm not sure how her staff books her patients; however, I have never had to wait any less than an hour for any of my SCHEDULED appointments.  I once had an appointment at 9:30 and did not get called back for my vitals until 11:40...absolutely ridiculous.2. Her nurse, Yolanda.  Let me preface this by saying that I am an RN.  I fully understand just how hectic and chaotic a busy physician's office can get at times.  Yolanda has an extremely poor attitude...I'm honestly shocked as to why she ever considered employment in the medical field.  Yolanda is rude, uncaring/unsympathetic and lazy.  I am on various medications, so I have to come into contact with this "nurse" a great deal and every single time, she is extremely rude and uncaring.  It is to the point where as much as I love Dr. Adams, I am considering switching primary care physicians due to Yolanda.As I stated earlier, if this review were just for Dr. Adams herself, I would give her a 5-star rating; however the wait time and her nurse Yolanda really bring her practice down.
1	I thought Kimberly Adams was one of the best doctors I've ever had until I got a letter yesterday firing me as her patient. She comes across as smart and interested and for that you overlook the sometimes extremely long wait times. She sent me for a mammogram and part of the scan was unclear so the mammo office wanted me to go back. When I went back, they wanted $380 to do the repeat scan (license to print money, right?) So I said I'd wait for my next free one and told Kimberly Adams what had happened and she didn't seem to have any problem with it while I was in front of her. Then yesterday I got a letter saying I have to find another doctor because I refused to have the follow up mammogram. So beware - if you don't keep her referrals well funded, she'll fire you too. If I could give her no stars, I would.
1	Like people always say I would give zero stars but yelp forces me to give one star. I had an appointment with Dr. Adams three weeks ago. I looked on yelp to see the reviews and saw that the number one complaint was the wait time and let me tell you YES plan on at least a three hour appointment. I arrived for my 1pm appointment 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork, big mistake since I had a whole hour and half before I even was called back for my vitals to be taken. In that hour and half wait time I spoke with another patient who said that this is ALWAYS the case. As soon as a sat down another person walked in for her 1pm appointment. Fantastic!!!! So double booking appointments. Apparently the staff and the doctor are well aware of this problem but nothing is being done to fix this problem. When I was finally seen by Dr. Adams and told her about my medical history the first thing she offered for a solution was a medical marijuana license. Wtf?!?? Are you kidding me? If I wanted that it thought I need that I would have called Dr, Reefer's number from the signs off the 15 freeway not wait for almost two hours for my 1pm appointment. So she decides to run a full blood panel (can't wait for the bill on that one). It's been three weeks now and haven't heard a peep, so I call this morning to see if I can talk to her or at least get my lab results. "She's out of town" says the office assistance "and if you want to talk to her it's best to make an appointment." I explain I work two jobs, one if then being owning a hair salon and I don't have time to make an "appointment" and wait to be seen three hours later. Her response "well she has a busy practice and that's what all our patients complain about." Again WTF?!? So Dr. Adams why are you still over booking, taking new patients, when you know this is a problem, and why should I have to take time out of my day, not book my clients and lose out on money to pay you to sit there for ours all to ask you one question? It seems you may have your priorities messed up. And as far as my lab results go which she seemed to be extremely concerned about, the receptionist explained that they just came in only on the 17th, that was 8 days ago lady. Stop making excuses for your lack of care for your patients!!! I will not be returning to your crappy practice. This doctor and her staff are horrible and just care about jamming as many clients in a day as possible to squeeze out as much money as they can.  Shame on your Dr. Adams wasn't there an oath you took when you became a doctor!!!
5	Great Dr. I been there 5 times and not disappoint at all 5!  Dr. Work from her heart and soul . Don't listen to what you hear . My point is,  it's hard to find a good Dr. Like Kimberly Adams and because she's alway busy! Give her a break about her employees, I am sure she'll try to improve everything. Not thing can change me from loving her,  she is AWESOME
5	Dr. Adams is by far the best PCP that I have ever had. I have been seeing her for 2 years and recently when I had appendicitis she was the only doctor will to look past the negative CT scan to get the surgeon to go in. She then took care of me after I was released from the hospital, fired from my job for having the surgery and lost my insurance. Dr. Adams made sure that I could afford to see with my situation, and even made follow up calls to me to make sure I was okay. Like I said the best PCP I have ever had! Now I see the reviews that talk about the wait time and staff issues, well some are true. One thing to keep in mind is that from 10 - 2 (I think these are the times), Dr. Adams take walk in appointments. Which I think is great, as last year I had the flu, but she was booked solid. I had to wait an hour, but I was seen, given a shot so I would the antibiotics start working faster (this is old school medicine), and sent home with instructions for my husband on what to do to help me get better quickly. So that leads me to another great fact, not only does Dr. Adams take great care of me, but she always ask about my adult family members and gives my basic health advise on what we talk about. Then the next visit she asked about it, I don't know many doctors that are that dedicated to their patients.As far as the staff members their are 2, 1 at the front desk and the main nurse that are truly the best. Others could use some attitude adjustment. But Dr.Adams is worth it! So my best advise is to take the 1st few appointments of the day to get in and out quickly, otherwise take a book and relax. You will be taken care of by the best doctor.
1	One star because I have to give a star. We gave this doctor a year. Dr Adams is amazing. I hate that she won't be my doctor anymore. But her staff is absolutely the worst I have ever dealt with. And this office uses refills as a money machine. You will not get any refills done without an appointment. And they won't call you to tell you that you have to make an appointment for your refill either. The staff never call you back. Ever. The nurse is so unbelievably rude. Awful. Like rude to where I've almost cried dealing with her. I can't imagine that Dr Adams doesn't know how bad her staff is. So she should be held accountable for her ignorance by losing patients. And forget making an appointment. They don't even try to honor their appointment times. And they don't care either! If this doctor ever cleans house and replaces her staff completely, I'll consider going back.
5	The best doctor in Vegas. I've been seeing her since I was a kid. And she has never ever disappointed me. She takes time with you. And listens. She cares. And I love that. Her front office is so very nice. Her nurses are amazing...the wait time can be long... But I think that's just because... She is such a great doctor and in demand. There is plenty of seating in comfy chairs... And she's just so worth it.
5	I began seeing Dr. Adams several years ago when she was working at Rainbow Medical Center.  She is the most amazing family doctor that I have ever seen in 21 years of living in Las Vegas.  She is thorough, attentive, and her bedside manner is amazing.  She truly cares about her patients and you feel each time you see her as if she remembers you and knows you.  She will not quit diagnosing a condition until she goes extra lengths to feel confident in her findings.  Most doctors here are content in writing a prescription for Z-Pack and sending patients on their way.  I have also had emergency situations where I have been able to reach Dr. Adams after hours.  I also have no problem getting an appointment for myself or my family for urgent issues.I have referred at least 30 people to Dr. Adams through the years and nearly half of my office sees her as well.  Her new practice is even closer to my home, which is definitely a bonus.  However, I would travel across town to her if needed.She is absolutely the very best Las Vegas has to offer!!!
