1	the food is awful, the service is awful.  they do not wear gloves, the hot coffee is cold,the chicken is not cooked all the way, the desserts are awful.no good service.  do not go here on the weekends, you will not get good service or food.
5	I could eat the club sandwich on gluten free bread every day,  and the grilled Caesar is amazing.  The girls are really nice and attentive, but it was really slow so I'd hope they'd be. I work in the area, so I stop by often. I'd recommend it to any of the business people in the area. There are great beers on tap that rotate frequently. There is always something local from Arizona. There is otherwise a full bar and they can make anything that you ask for. Major games are always on or available on the TVs in the lounge. I've watched many of the World Cup games there.
3	Only eaten at Spice once.  The enticement of it serving "American, Mediterranean and Indian-inspired dishes, always priced fairly and prepared to perfection" drew me in.  Check out the online menu at http://www.cpphoenix.com/interactive/spicemenu.pdfI dare you not to laugh at the Soup du Jour available in sizes Cup $4 or Bowel $7.  LOL.  Classic!  Today is Oct 16, 2014.  Let's see how long it takes them to correct the spelling.Anyway, the dining area looked clean and we got to choose whichever table we wanted.  Unfortunately it did not give off the hustle and bustle atmosphere that I'm used to seeing at a standalone restaurant.  Also the sounds and smells of flavorful food were not in the air.  Not even while our food was being prepared.  Such a shame.Service was good, but as we were the only ones eating at the time I can't compare the waitstaff.  The food was decent, but nothing too exciting:Party 1 had greek and caesar salads as well as blacken salmon fillet Liked.  4 starsPortion of bill was $40Party 2 ordered apps Mumbai Medley of Chicken as well as Asian Chicken Fillets Did not like.  1 star.  Kept complaining about the odd tasting saucesPortion of bill was $20Party 3 ate a sandwich and fruitLiked. 4 starsPortion of bill was $20I know you're looking at this like - whoa!  You paid how much?  Yeah, well, they're hotel prices.  And like I said, I've only eaten there once.  Most likely, I would not eat there again because venturing over to the restaurants at Metrocenter would probably prove to be a cheaper eat.
