1	I called this company a week ago for a simple RO quote and have YET to have a return call.Our property management company referred them- I would NEVER refer this company to anyone! Its a wonder how they even get business!!
5	I have called on George for all my electrical needs for as long as i can remember.  Honesty & Integrity and a job well done.
5	I have called Eagle Plumbing on many occasions. They are honest & very reasonable. Whenever I needed something done they were here the same day. If I ever have need for a plumber I know whoever Greg sends out will be knowledgeable & efficient. It is nice to know that I will not get ripped off!
5	I called Eagle Plumbing to swap out my water heater.   The original plumbing company that I had purchased the water heater from was no longer in business, and Eagle Plumbing was an authroized dealer/repair company for the brand (American Water Heater Company).   When I called that day, the receptionist was friendly and allowed me to explain my situation.  She confirmed that they could do the replacment and that is was a flat rate (reasonsbly priced compared to other bids I had received).  She told me that a plumber would be out between 2-5pm that day (it was 11am when I called).   At 2:15pm Derrek showed up and was wonderful.  He was professional, communicated with me to ensure that I had been quoted the pricing correctly, and what was included.  He worked switftly, allowed me to watch the repair and answered any questions I had, he explained what he was doing and why, and cleaned up all debris after finishing.   He was very customer server oriented and I was very pleased with his work on my water heater.  I was so pleased with the service I asked him what it would cost to replace my main water shut-off valve on the side of my house (it had failed the previous week).   He quoted me a price that was lower than bids I had already received, and worked with the scheduler to ensure he could perform the job right then and there.  When all was said and done, I had my new water heater and shut off valve installed and working properly for fair prices.  I will definitely use them again for any plumbing work.
5	Eagle Services to the rescue.  I had an emergency and needed some quick response.  I called and was told a time.  Not only did they get there quickly, they came a couple hours early.  Totally appreciate the professional attitude and the prompt service!  The price was outstanding as well...
5	I was having a large party at my home.  Two days before the event we discovered a Hot Water slab leak under the Dining room floor.  Eagle Service covered the walls of my Dining room, open the cement floor, found and repaired the leak and patched the cement.  When they left the job, you would have never known there was extensive work performed in that room.   Affordable, Fast, Friendly and service you can trust.  I have recommended Eagle Service to my Family, friends and to all my customers.  Just a note:  I'm a small business owner and I rely on my reviews to generate business leads through Yelp and other services like this one.  To tarnish a business with a 1 star review for not returning a sales call - Really!! Did you call Eagle back during normal business hours? , Shame on you Sir for giving this company a low rating for such a minimal thing and shame on Yelpforf not deleting your review !!
5	Eagle services did a great job.  They got out to my house quickly to replace my water heater that was leaking.  They were pleasant on the phone and just provided great service overall.  Above and beyond.
5	I had them replace my AC at home. The workers were polite and knowledgeable. They had everything working and spent time to explain to me how to best maintain the new AC.  I would recommend them to anyone!
1	I bought a water heater from this company.  It did not heat the water.  When I called they sent another technician who told me "it wasn't installed correctly"A month later without my approval they charged my credit card $173.00 for the second visit to install it correctly.Nicky said she would have the boss call me.  He did not.She just charged my credit card without resolution, and without my authorization.
5	I worked with George at Eagle Services..  We had a breaker issue due to a short that was happening because of our water feature.  George quickly fixed the problem and did so in a timely and cost effective manner.Thank you Eagle Service and thank you Yelp.
5	Excellent and quick service. I had two outside outlets and two inside electrical outlets installed. It was a pleasure to have professionals working with you.
1	ABSOLUTELY DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!This is an unethical company. They installed a new water heater for me.  They said I would have hot water in "one hour."  No hot water for two days.  They came back out and the technician said "it wasn't installed properly".  He installed it properly. They fraudulently used my credit card without authorizion for the second visit, which should have been free ( it was not installed properly the first time.)They falsified documents sent to the credit card company.Do not use this company.  Do not give them your credit card information.  They will fraudulently charge you without a signature or authorization.Fraudulent, deceiving, lying, unethical.
