5	We could not have been happier with the pods storage system and their customer service.  They were right on time for both pickup and delivery of our unit, we were given a 3 hour window the night before.  They bring the pod right up to your garage door and you wheel your belongings right into the unit.  So much easier than renting a truck and unloading into a storage unit.  The cost was no more than going the truck rental route but so very much easier and better.  With 48 years of moving experience, we felt this was the easiest move we have ever done.  We highly recommend the pod service!
5	We ordered a Pod to be delivered to our home to be used as temporary storage. It arrived on time as promised and provided much needed space to put our furniture in while we refinnished our floors!Of course a Pod would be great to use if you were moving, but for other temporary storage needs it is a terrific alternative to keep in mind.
4	I've read comments about pods that talk about other locations. They don't sound at all like the same company that I'm dealing with which is the Tempe location. In fact, the comment from Angel H. is outright false if he's referring to pods mesa storage location - pods lists two storage locations for the valley: Mesa and far west side. I inspected the Mesa facility after reading negative commentary about their competitor's facility. It was modern, spotless, well organized and secure. It bears absolutely no resemblance to what Angel described.I've been dealing directly with Katelyn, who is a salespeople I met when I went to look at the Mesa storage facility. I've been able to reach her without going through their 1800 number and without any hassle. She's been right on top of my order - it's not like I've had to chase her for info or followup.I'll update this review after my move is done but, overall, at this point, they seem like they know what they're doing. Based on one of the comments on this board about a different pods operator, I will check my furniture after they get it to the warehouse to make sure it wasn't dropped. If the people driving their trucks are properly supervised, this kind of complaint shouldn't occur.As far as the size of the pod, they're listed on the pods website. If that's not enough to visualize its holding capacity, you can see one at their warehouse.
2	I scheduled a POD to be delivered to my apt the 3rd week of June.  Delivery was right on time and the driver was very professional.  I had reserved parking spaces near my unit for the POD to be set.  During the initial delivery, the driver mentioned he has delivered to my apartments in the past, but to the dirt lot on the side street.  I was moving back to the same apartments on July 20th, to a larger unit in the back end of the complex and we discussed that the dirt lot would be where my POD would be re-delivered to as it was close to the new apartment I was waiting to become available.  I paid over $400 for initial deliver, return delivery and storage of the POD for approximately one month.  When the 19th of July rolled around and my POD was delivered, I had the same driver.  He told me when I met him that morning that he could no longer set the POD down on that lot...it was private property.  The driver was apologetic and professional.  As I was expecting the deliver to be on that lot, I did not plan to have parking spaces reserved on the side street adjacent to my building.  The dispatcher called me after I spoke with the driver and told me I had 10 minutes to find a place for the POD to be set down or the driver was leaving and I would have to call and reschedule.  I was not happy with this, since it was doubtful I could locate the owners of three adjacent cars at 8:30 on a Saturday morning and ask them to move their vehicles.  I explained that to Tina, the dispatcher and her response was that the driver could not wait around all day.  I guess the only two options were a 10 minute resolution or "all day".  Since I was fully expecting the delivery location to be the vacant lot based on my conversation with the delivery driver, I was not sure how this was now my problem.  I hung up on the dispatcher after telling her the service as awful on re-delivery and I would be writing a Yelp review.   I then began to walk back to the truck and talk to the driver.  As I was walking down the block, he turned onto Central Ave and drove away.  I didn't even get the generous 10 min to find a suitable spot.  When it was obvious he was not just driving around the block, I called the dispatcher back.  She informed me that she did not have to speak to "abusive" customers and I needed to call the 800 number as they would no longer deal with me.  She then hung up on me.  I called her back again to tell her I did not have an alternate number to call and I expected my things to brought back.  Apparently between calls, she had talked to her manager and they were going to deliver the POD to the lot I anticipated it being placed and have me sign a waiver for it.  She also told me if I was abusive to the driver AGAIN, he would leave without delivering the POD.  When the driver, who was the only professional person I interacted with that day returned, I asked him if he felt I was disrespectful or abusive towards him and he answered not at all and shook my hand.  I sincerely hope the dispatcher calls at PODS are recorded and someone above that employee listens to the calls to hear how it actually went.  When you are a customer service professional and you have a customer who is unhappy with your service, I guess it's just a lot easier to blame it on the customer than have any examination of your service.  I am a real estate agent and have referred numerous customers to PODS in the past.  I will never do so again.  It's sad the impact one employee can have on your reputation.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE! Make sure you don't need your POD picked up on a specific date (or days) and that you can keep it at your location for at least a week otherwise like us you will end up getting charged up to one hundred dollars extra for EACH pod to be picked up in a timely manner. The way their website is set up you must place your drop off order first then try to go back and schedule your pick up of the container. Only then will you find out if your date(s) is available. We would not recommend PODS nor will we ever use them again! This company is a complete SCAM!
