5	For the purchase of my first home in Arizona, I decided to seek out an agent who represents buyers only.  I wanted someone who knows the ropes here, & someone to represent ME for a change, rather than the seller.  I found just that person in Ken Reid.  Ken is a broker, not only an agent, which means that he is not working out of an office under someone else, who may have an interest in serving the seller.  With Ken Reid, you know that your agent has only YOUR best interests at heart!I found Ken to be a nice, straight guy from the start, & completely competent & responsible in helping me secure my ideal property.  I received access to an Internet "portal," which is a customized set of Web pages that give you accurate up to date information on all the listings in the multiple service that meet your specifications (and you don't have to weed through listings that don't).  It makes it easy to search for your "dream" home or investment property.Together, Ken Reid & I located & secured my new home for an excellent price, & I love it!  If you are interested in BUYING a house or income units, give Ken a call.  You'll be glad you did!
5	Of all of the choices my wife and I had to make in the process of becoming first-time homeowners, choosing Buyer's Broker of Arizona is easily the best one.  Purchasing a home in the Phoenix market can be complicated for a seasoned buyer--let alone first-time buyers.  Despite all of the great on-line home-buying information and real estate listings, we quickly found that there is no substitute for a great real estate agent.  My wife and I would need help if we were going to make it through this process with our sanity and pocketbooks in-tact.  After vetting many real estate agents, we reached out to the National Association of Exclusive Buyer Agents (NAEBA), and they referred us to Ken Reid at Buyer's Broker of Arizona.  After my first conversation with Ken, I knew we were talking to our agent.Ken Reid's great interpersonal skills and his extensive industry knowledge proved invaluable throughout the entire process.  When it was time to search, he configured a web portal tailor-made to our needs that filtered wheat from the chaff in the volatile Phoenix housing market.  When it came to visiting homes, Ken and his agent Mary Ann would meet us nigh anytime to provide insightful context to the house we were seeing.   When we were placing offers, he helped us negotiate competitive contracts that were always in our best interests.   And once we were on the road to closure, Ken ensured that no obstacle stood between us and a home that would make us happy.We closed on a wonderful home last week, and although the road hasn't been easy, I am convinced that our success is due in large part to Ken Reid's broad shoulders and passion for his clients.Thank you, Ken Reid & Buyer's Broker of Arizona!
5	After a couple of years of researching and visiting various neighborhoods in the Phoenix metro area for our retirement home, my wife and I decided it was time to start a serious search. Based on various articles and advice we received, it was clear that engaging an exclusive buyers real estate agent was the way to go, most importantly because the agent would only have our best interests at heart.We contacted NAEBA who put us together with Ken Reid of Buyers Broker of Arizona. Since we were in Chicago our 1st interactions with Ken were over the phone. We basically interviewed each other over the 1st few phone calls and it was clear to us that we could easily work with Ken. After informing Ken of what we were looking for in a home, neighborhood and lifestyle, as well as the price points we were comfortable with, he developed a portal where we could access listings that were constantly updated for homes matching our criteria. This process started in February of 2013.We took a couple trips out to Phoenix in the spring, which gave Ken a chance to see in person what our hot buttons were, as we actually walked through homes that were favorites from the portal. We didn't put offers in on any of the homes at this time. The ones that really piqued our interest were under contract before we had an opportunity to make an offer. During the summer months we would monitor the portal from Chicago, and Ken was happy to make a visit to view any homes that we really liked. He knew from his observations of us in the spring if any of these homes would warrant a special trip by us to view(which none did). We had scheduled another house hunting trip the week after Labor Day. A house popped up on the portal which Ken took a look at prior to us arriving. He felt this may be one we would really like, which we did when we saw it in person(twice). Ken prepared a Competitive Market Analysis to establish a purchase price, an offer was made and accepted, and we closed on our dream home.I can't stress enough how impressed we were with Ken's professionalism, frequent communication and attention to detail. He has an expansive knowledge of the real estate market, construction quality, neighborhoods and trends. Ken listened to our concerns and provided invaluable advice on every facet of our search and ultimate home purchase. He made the closing process seamless and painless, all while protecting our interests. Finally, his remarkable patience with us throughout the process was greatly appreciated.Ken made our home buying experience entirely positive and we would not hesitate to heartily recommend him to future home buyers.
