2	WAY OVERPRICED! Don't fall for the Wellness plans, because they don't save you any money. You can get vaccinations way cheaper, and this is the only thing covered in the wellness plans. Surgeries are "discounted" but they are so overpriced to begin with you end up paying more if you were to walk into any vet and get the procedure done. The vets here are very quick with the exams, because all they care about is making a buck. I do admit, the lady vet is nice, I think her name is Leeza. She's the only one who took time with me when I've brought my animals in. They nickel and dime you here for EVERYTHING, because they are on commission. Do your research and take your animals to a well respected vet, not a franchise. Sure, it's convenient since it's inside Pet Smart (the only reason we signed up in the first place) but save your money to spoil you pets :-)
1	Money grubbers...not animal lovers.  Please do your research before buying into their services!  My cat needed a simple procedure and the price went from $600 down to $40 because of my resistance.
1	BAD BUSINESS!!!  BAD BUSINESS!!!  BAD BUSINESS!!!!About 2 months ago I brought my cat in and they gave me an estimate for $100 to do a procedure on him.  I went back in today to get the procedure done and they gave me another estimate for over $700!!!  Their excuse was that first estimate was only good for 24 hours.I'm out another office visit fee only for them to change the estimate.Anyone else ripped off by them?  I would like to take them to small claims court.DO NOT GIVE THEM ANY OF YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!
5	This place must have really turned around!  I see Dr. Wright and he is absolutely amazing!! I read the reviews that they may charge $$$$ for services, but you have to AGREE to do them and sign an estimate before they proceed! Medicine is expensive, get over it! Everything can't be diagnosed on physical exam alone.  What Ii have noticed is that it's cheaper to do the Wellness plan here than any other vet I have called!  Oh, and my dog loves Dr. Wright!!!
2	I have taken all four of my dogs here. When my puppy drowned they did let us switch the plan over to the one I got a couple months later after grieving.... That was kind.However:The wellness plans are garbage and I regret buying one for each one of my 4 dogs. I found a place to get vaccinations cheaper. That's all you get... Vaccinations and if you pay more the neuter spay. All for 300+ dollars when a local neuter clinic will do it for 30.They had me as a loyal customer, but I'm pretty upset with the service. Next time I will take my new dog elsewhere.
1	Very disappointing one person doesn't know what the other one is doing!  Very unorganized establishment. Ill never take my dog to this location again!
