4	Just got back from Outback Steakhouse. It was Grandma, Auntie, Cousin, and me. We went for Mother's Day. I had a salad, Sweet Potato with brown sugar, and a 6oz Steak. The meal was so damn good, that I will be going back there very soon. The Sweet Potato with the brown sugar was the best. The waitress said that it could be even considered a dessert. That Shit was good. The steak was good too with the A1 sauce and the salad with ranch sauce was good, but I LOVE SWEET POTATO.. but to have it with brown sugar, definitely will be going back.
5	I really don't like giving chain restaurants 5 stars but, this Outback has never left me disappointed, hungry, or disturbed.  Outback is our 'go-to' when we want to eat well in our PJs.  Its unpretentiousness, inexpensiveness, and tastiness are what keep us coming back for more salads and filet mignon.  Just a little note, the Queensland Salad comes with chicken salad on top of the salad.  You are able to substitute this with their wonderfully seasoned grilled chicken breast.  Not only are the salads fresh and delicious alone but the dressings...oh the dressings... All of their salad dressings are made fresh everyday!  My favorites being the 1000 Island and Ranch (for dipping the Aussie Fries into).The steaks are comparable to some of the Strip's top steakhouse restaurants, for a fraction of the price.  PERIOD.Never had any room left over for dessert, so that's a strike for me.  Service is good to great at this location.
2	Normally, I wouldn't review a chain restaurant but the service warranted me to write a review.  This review is more for the service rather than their food.  OK, first thing first, when we got sat down, our server took our drink order. She got our drink and brought our complimentary bread and we placed our order.  It took 15 minutes to get our Blossomin' Onion.  As if that wasn't enough, it took another 20 for our main dishes to get to the table.  I guess the server saw us getting annoyed and gave us a weird excuse that their computer went down.  That is such a bunch of bull because the people that got seated AFTER us got their orders no problem.  I would rather her to have told the truth rather than making a BS excuse that didn't make any lick of sense.  So we got our food after over 30 minutes has passed and I do have to say, their food is prepared well and tasted good.  We ate our dishes with gusto.  When we finally got our check,after waiting for what seemed like forever after we finished our food (10 mins of waiting) and another 5 mins to get the change.  We spent more time waiting than eating.  Now I usually give at least 20% for gratuity, but for this instance, we gave about 12% so she would know the service was blah.  At that point, I was over the service.
4	This location is convenient if you need to burn some time before dropping off a rental car at the Mccarran car rental facility. I had some time to kill before a 3:30 pm flight and this restaurant is located minutes from the facility. This Outback serves food at lunch which is uncommon for many Outbacks. I tried the no rules lunch combo with half a sandwich Sirloin Focaccia and the house salad. The salad was fresh and was the same size they serve at dinner. The half sandwich was sliced fillet, melted Provolone cheese and garlic herb aioli on toasted bread and Served with a side of Au jus for dipping. The sandwich was tasty and the beef was super tender but I thought it was on the small side. The waitress was really friendly here and my food came out very quickly. I'll come back here in the future but I'll order the whole sandwich next time.
4	My client wanted to meet here for lunch yesterday. I seated myself in a bar area booth so I could watchout for him.I ordered the salad and a half of prime rib sandwich. Our waiter mixed up my customer's salad by giving him a Ceasar's instead of a green salad. My sandwich and salad were tasty and the ice tea hit the spot too.  This Outback is actually a great place to meet a client - the booth was  private, not loud and we had a productive sale meeting.
4	I was back in forth on whether or not I wanted to write a review for Outback Steakhouse because it is just a family dining chain.  My wife, daughter and I went the other day.  We usually eat here every once and while.  It is close to the house and my wife likes the coconut shrimp.  I usually just order the sirloin steak special they have.  The reason I gave this particular Outback 4 stars is because they are very consistent.  Like I mentioned this place isn't special and it's not Morton's but the cooks get it right most of the time.  I can't remember leaving here and saying man they never cook my steak how I want it.  So, kudos to the cooks for knowing how to cook a piece of meat all while be employed at a steakhouse where that's what you cook 90% of the time.  I also want to add that most of time the wait staff is generally friendly.  Let me also add that this particular Outback gets pretty busy because it's in a tourist area by the outlet mall.  The one service I really enjoy that any restaurant offers is the ability to put your name on the list as you are getting ready to drive over the place.  This is something they let you do and I highly recommend it unless you really like sitting on those awesome padded benches!  Cheers!
3	Ordered Filet Mignon, veggies and garlic mash curbside pickup on 3/21/2011.  It was good, not quite great.  Service for pickup was excellent.
4	Our favorite Outback in town (and the closest to our house)! Every time we come here the experience is quite good, good service, even when it's busy. The food has never been anything but great, and we love to bring the kids here as well. There are a lot of tourists at this location as it sits right in front of the outlet shops, so I would suggest a call ahead seating (they don't do normal reservations). Highly recommended!
2	You know, I don't venture in to chain restaurants often, and even less often a chain steakhouse.  So how did I find myself at Outback Steakhouse?  It was a quick business trip to @Vegas.  I was treating for dinner and they asked for steak and convenient.  We were both staying at hotels well south of the strip so this limited the choices - nothing on the strip is convenient.Didn't I see an Outback by the Outlet Mall?  Yes.  Weary business traveler settles for dinner...I must say I have not been to an Outback in probably 6 years.  It was not as bad as I remember.  That would not make a great advertising slogan, by the way.My 6 oz sirloin was fine.  The salad was fine.  The service was fine.  By fine I don't mean "fine dining" I mean "ok dining".See you in another 6 years, Outback.
3	Ok, I am providing this quick review because I feel that even though there are millions of quality steakhouses in Las Vegas, this brand is a magnet for money-conscience tourists rolling into town.  Hence the reason I am jotting these thoughts down as guests from LA wanted something quick, and affordable off (but still near) the Strip.You can always count on great comfort food here, and the service is equally good...quick and responsive.  The quality is not comparable to say, Hanks or Morton's, but they have a full service bar and plenty of offerings that will make the most picky eater happy with their choice.Caution! Their are trained to "up sell" everything, so be prepared to order items you cannot finish...kudos to their training program!
3	My little dude and I's birthdays are one day apart (best birthday gift I had ever and will ever receive)...so while we were celebrating his 4th year on earth my birthday was put on hold...which was A-OK in my book. We finally got around to having a family party to ring in my 31st year and I decided on Outback because I was craving some cheese fries. We were seated within 5 min and greeted by Gavin who was delightful and knew all about Ratatouille (I try to bring the kids portable DVD players to restaurants so they don't terrorize the other guests. Best money I have ever spent.). Of course we ordered cheese fries, steaks, salads, the kids usual mac and cheese and the Wallaby Darned cocktail. The cheese fries and the Outback Special sirloin were the highlights. I loved the lobster and mushroom topping you can add on. The steaks were cooked perfectly (med-rare is the only way to have a steak in my never-too-humble opinion). Everyone in my family was happy and we will be back soon. Make sure you go earlier because the wait can top over an hour or sit at the bar.
4	I am a big fan of Outback steakhouses.  This one is extra special because it is open for lunch!  My standard lunch order is the blossom burger with a French onion soup.  The burger is a monster burger with a single portion of the blooming onion sitting on top of it.  As for my dinner order I get the blooming onion app, the chopped salad is one of the best things on the menu and one of the best salads I have ever eaten and for my entree I go with the filet with a blue cheese crumb crust.  Side for me is either the mashed potatoes or the sweet potato with honey butter and cinnamon.
5	I'm glad this chain was out in the west coast once I moved from Kentucky to here. I started becoming a regular here because I became friends with one of their bartenders who has a big following that goes in there. The restaurant location is clean, the staff is friendly and I do enjoy all the bartenders that work behind the counter.I guess the only issue I can see is how they do not have video poker or any form of gambling at the bar counter but that is alright. Most people like the steaks and bloomin' onion but I personally love their chopped salad. Even though I don't prefer bluecheese, the bluecheese dressing in this salad has a very amazing and addicting taste to it!
3	I haven't been here in a while. I want to give only 2 stars based on this experience but I typically like this place. I tried one of their burgers and it was bad. It was tasteless and dry, I ordered it medium. It was cooked correctly but yuck. And our fries were soggy:(  We would've complained but we were hiking all day and just wanted to go home and chill.Our waiter was great. Its a typical Outback, they all look alike.I will never get a burger there again though, I'd rather Fatburger.I will update if I go again, I'll order something else, I'm sure it'll be good.
4	Where else can you dine next to Flavor Flav?It's the Outback. It's a franchise. It's a great place to get steak and lobster!The hubby and I frequently visit this location and the service is always great. The one time it wasn't, I didn't even have to say anything and we were offered free dessert. Props to management for recognizing that our food took forrrrrrever to come out that time. I love that for $12.99, I can get a well seasoned, well executed 8 oz steak and 3 large coconut shrimp. This special is not always offered but I was super happy with this addition. The bread is amazing, the salad is great and the garlic mashed potatoes makes me happy. During happy hour they have some pretty good deals on alcohol of all types. Although there are so many options for steak in Las Vegas, I love the overall combined meal that you can get at Outback. Plus it's cheap!
5	I love Outback, the steaks are great and a lot less pricey then the hotel steakhouses.  The wait staff, hostesses and management are awesome.
1	Worst Outback in the United States!! Ordered a 16 oz. prime rib. It came 10 Oz. of fat and took for f*uckin ever!! The last time I was here the lady acted like she wanted a noose for a tip so she could hang herself. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
1	I have a child and I'm not about to subject other diners to her tantrums so I ordered a meal to-go. I show up 25 minutes later and it was not ready. I love outback so I'm perfectly ok with waiting. The person that walked in after me and placed her order there got her food before me. After 25 minutes of waiting the stupid emo kid gives me a bag. I point out that my name is not April and he then apologizes and gives me a bag that had been sitting there for 10 minutes.... I'm sorry but if I did that I would have said how sorry I was and offered something to make up for it- like a coupon or something but the kid just turned around and left. Maybe the dine in part is better but because of this experience I'll never go to this outback again.
3	I've been to this location on several occasions in the past, but I was here most recently today for lunch. My coworker was raving about the blue cheese wedge for days and she convinced me I need to try it. Well, I didn't order the wedge, but I did try the blue cheese chopped salad instead. I don't know why I'm so averse to chopping up my own wedge, hah. I have to admit the salad was great. The blue cheese was tangier than most, which I love. Nothing better than blue cheese. My salad came with a half sandwich. I chose the prime rib dip, but I was a little disappointed that it was served on a focaccia bread instead of french bread. The meat was pretty good, but I just wasn't a fan of the bread and decided to eat around it. My coworker was just as thrilled about her wedge as before. A winner in her book again.The service was fast and friendly and definitely a great place for a quick bite when you're limited on time. The meals were very reasonably priced as well. The lunch specials come with a soft drink and are incredibly filling for the price.
5	Hands down it is most likely the best Outback I have ever been to.  Being a worldwide traveling "foodie", it is rare for an owner of a "chain" restaurant to treat his customers like they were his personal guests. This owner appears to, as does his staff. My steak and lobster were created just to my specifications and my waiter was attentive without being a nuisance.  Also, it is a known local place on the strip but not "on the strip" that has a genuine reputation for local Vegas celebrity sightings. I saw a few, who also appeared to be enjoying themselves. Cheers! Highly recommended.
5	Is it really necessary to review a chain restaurant, aren't they all the same?  They should be, they should all be like this Outback on the South Strip.  The menu is familiar, the prices standard, the difference is in the level of service.  Conveniently located for both tourists and locals, this familar steak house has something for everyone.  I found my favorite steak, perfectly cooked, and that tasty ranch dressing the is better at Outback than anywhere else.  More importantly, the staff was very friendly and efficient.  The manager/owner came by our table at least once just to see if everything was perfect.  Despite the busy crowd, we felt the service, food, and atmosphere were top notch.
5	I was a vegetarian.......for a week. The first day I was doing good. I had the basic green salad with some croutons, oil and vinegar; no problem. I mean it was not as good as my before vegetarian days salads with bacon bits, eggs, cheese, turkey and ham, and all the other sides that come with a salad like....steak and lobster.   As days passed by I realized that being vegetarian would be harder than I thought, my mood started to change I felt like I was growing fangs and I wanted to bite every neck that passed by just to get a little taste of blood, After a week of meat restricted diet I started to feel tired, dizzy, I started to hallucinate.......by now I could eat anything!.... and there it was! I slammed on my brakes.... Roadkill! Couldn't tell what it was, kangaroo, koala or koyote, all I know is that it was bloody and I was starving, I couldn't pass it by, I picked it up and......ok, I'm kidding, I went into the outback steakhouse and ordered a steak, I took my knife and cut it into pieces, as I took my first bite my taste buds screamed with joy and the juices of the steak  ran through my veins like heroin on a drug addict two minutes after being released from rehab. I stared at the baked potato and the vegetables for a minute and decided to skip them... oh what the hell, I'll eat that too, don't want to stop being a vegetarian cold turkey.   When you get the call of the wild and feel the need to feed the beast in you, the outback has a damn good steak!..........mate.  Oh....almost forgot to review the place!  Attentive and friendly service, affordable and good ambiance.          And like the boomerang said....I'll be back!
4	We stopped in for lunch, and were served by Dave who has been extremely outgoing and friendly the last 2 times we ate here. The food was good, but not exceptional on this visit. The 4 starts is for the extremely friendly greeting and service from start to finish.  No specific lunch menu was observed on this visit.
4	I hadnt had a steak in a couple of years. The filet with blue cheese was excellent. Odd tho the bartender had no idea what to do with my outback club card.
3	My Steak was perfect, but they can't seem to get my wife's steak right? We even explained to the server exactly what she wanted and it still had to go back.  Service was OK, we have defiantly had better.  If you like your steak with a lot of seasoning and don't mind it on the rare side, and don't mind waiting for a table this is your spot for dinner.
3	It's Outback. Why is their bread so good??? It just lays there and stares at me begging to be eaten.  They do have healthy options everything on their menu that has a little leaf by it [you need to mention the healthy to the waiter] but can be prepared under 600 calories.  I got a salad no cheese no croutons [no fun] to start and a 5 oz grilled [no butter] chicken breast and dry broccoli [fml training sucks].And if you want to be a piggie pig they have a 4 course meal for $15 which is a GRRRRReat deal.  soup/salad/entree/dessert.  You can't really beat that.  My friend got their wedge salad and I swear the presentation on it was amazing, like 5 star restaurants presentation.Service can be a little slow at times but this time we got a very nice waiter named Noel [like Christmas] he was very pleasant and attentive.  He obliviously was trained in French culinary/waiter service b/c he bagged all of our lunches w 2 spoons French style, again like you would find in a high end restaurant.
1	We got seated right away. Took 15 mins to place drink orders then waiter disappeared for 20 mins before taking our food order. I almost walked out it was such bad service. Took 25 mins for food to come and my order was WRONG! We asked for BBQ sauce three times from three different waiters and it never came. Rediculous! The service was unbelievably bad. I left a $0 tip!
5	Maybe I had a little bit to much wine. But the steak I had was awesome. I do have to say that when i come here that is pretty much what I get and I am never disappointed with the ribeye. Although this time it was extra delicious. Also the bread they put is very good. It is even better when you ask for the honey butter.
4	We usually eat here when in Vegas because it is by the outlets. Food is always good, service varies, but never bad. The location makes it subject to being really crowded at times and not at all during others. So, your wait will vary. We had the coconut shrimp, and no rules Parmesan pasta with chicken. Very good. My only advice is to avoid the bar if you want to eat and talk. Last time we were there, a group of Australians were drinking and it was very loud.
4	In a town where it seems you need to take out a mortgage to get a good meal, this restaurant is a breath of fresh air.  The atmosphere is typical of almost every Outback restaurant, but  the food (steak) is above average for this chain and the service is prompt and attentive. Want a good steak, don't spend a lot - come hear and you will enjoy your visit and have money to go back home with.  Also, very convenient to the rental car center (and outlet stores)
3	Not bad for a chain.
1	Service was terrible. Go at your own risk. Food was ok but not enough to make up for the slow service, waitress keeps forgetting to bring us ketchup, plates, etc. the only fastest time she ever came was to bring the check and take our payment. Worst time ever at outback.
3	Went here for the first time with my boyfriend for our anniversary dinner. I love steak and was really looking forward to eating here. I had the steak and lobster, which was good. My boyfriend ordered a burger (like he does everywhere) and was satisfied. The wait for our food did take a little bit though.
5	We love coming here and sitting in the bar area. Food is always good and the staff is friendly. Its always busy too especially since its right next to the Outlets :)
1	Ate at Outback for lunch with my family. Went back to hotel and vomited for the next 13 hours. Cause? You decide.
4	Stopped in for lunch today and the service was fast and friendly.  The person I was with is a regular so the server already knew to bring her waters and bread right away.  Eat the bread while it's warm because it is soft and delicious, but once it cools down, it's hard as bricks.I ordered the dinner special of 6 oz. sirloin with a side salad and a loaded baked potato, all for $9.99.  The steak came out the exact temp I asked for.  I'm not a big sirloin fan, but I love steaks in general and this one was particularly good.  They had a filet for $18.99, but that seemed a little excessive for lunch.  The service was fast and we never had to ask our server for anything.  It's a perfect lunch spot if you're feeling like you want a very affordable big meal!
5	Great price and food is always good.  I am a fan of the new wood grill style.Chop salad is my fav.
4	Loved their cheese fries and brownie sundae dessert. Brownie was moist. Steak was just 'okay'. Ordered their steak, baked potato & shrimp & scallops special. Service was pretty good & restaurant was nice.
5	Probably the best Outback I have ever been to! Prompt service. Food was served hot and tasty. Drinks never emptied. And prices weren't spiked despite being in Vegas.
4	Had dinner here with family, food seems to be always good at this location never had a problem with it. The reason for the 4/5 stars was for the horrible service I was seated at 0430 and had to get up to ask the hostess if someone could take our drink order finally at 0453. Then we kept having to ask other servers to refill our drinks, our servers name was nick. The restraint wasn't even that busy at the time, there were several empty tables. Hopefully  the service improves here or we won't e coming back.The servers name was nick FYI.
4	I have had some iffy trips to Outback.  This was great.  I came here with my boss.  We got a table right away in the bar.  Our waitress was propt and efficient and paid attention. My Steak was cooked properly and there was no hair in it.  Great.  Changed my mind about Outback.
4	Consistent food and service here. If you do experience a problem, though, Geoff the proprietor is spot-on for resolving issues and making his customers happy.
4	Ok, so it's a chain, so it's not a swanky dark wood and red leather kind of a place. Have I ever had a bad meal there or bad service? Nope quite the opposite, everything I have had there has been good, no we are not talking Del Frescos, but we are not talking their prices either, so there you have it. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	(singing) Outback steak house! Being that this is a chain restaurant and I have eating at many Outback's in my time. I can truly say that this particular one has the best service and great food. Like most outbacks they look the same and serve up the same food but I was wowed by how great the service was here. The food came hot and fast. My drink was never empty and the waitress did it all with a smile. We had a great night and some really good food!
4	Great service and GREAT food
5	Nice place great service and fast....but you better make a reservation lol on fri-sun...
5	Great food great service!
3	Pretty good steakhouse. I ordered a sirloin, well-done. Had baked potato side, but nothing else offered with it. My plate appeared a little empty and my steak looked like a kid's size steak; also, it could have been a little more cooked as I ordered it well-done. My boyfriend had a larger cut of meat and he regretted ordering it medium rare because it tasted under-cooked to him. He had a side of mashed potatoes and a salad which he liked. Bread to start our meal was good, though we could have used a bit more butter for it (they seem to be stingy about sauces and butter here). We also ordered two appetizers. Crab-stuffed mushrooms which were pretty good, but a very small extra container of 'wild mushroom' sauce cost $3 - that seemed a little silly to us both. We're guests at their restaurant, so why not try to make us happy? The other appetizer was the onion sticks. Basically, glorified onion rings, and the onions were rather mushy.... the batter makes that appetizer - would never order it again, though.  Drinks were not brought out right away, so we had to sit there thirsty (it's 100 degrees outside today here in Vegas). Timely refills on drinks.Desserts and special drinks looked nice, but we passed on them. The salt and pepper grinders are nice. Steakhouse 'feel' with much dark-wood paneling throughout the restaurant. Service fair to good. OK price, probably a good deal less expensive than expected, about $10 to $15 less. My boyfriend and I would return here sometime. Recommended.
3	I like this particular outback. I guess no two Outbacks are the same so each one has to be looked at individually. Our waitress was really nice and the food was good. We were seated right where the kitchen was so it was noisy and a ton of traffic from the the staff running in and out but wasn't too bad. I would recommend going to this location and stay away from the Henderson location. See my review of that dump.
5	Excellent food, and very willing to cater to special requirements.  Gluten free? Not a problem. Want just carrots instead of the mixed veggies? Ok!  Salad with extra cucumbers and no tomatos, np.  Their croutons are made there, and a bit spicy.Mmm, delicious.  I love Outback.Today I had a crispy chicken sandwich, a baked potato, and a house salad.  I'm a supertaster (basically 1/3 of the population can taste Prop, a bitter flavor in many vegetables) and their salad is rarely overly bitter, which really makes me feel "normal" when I can enjoy a salad.The baked potato, as always, was properly cooked, which is rare in restaurants to be able to get a baked potato that is actually cooked all the way through (Not sure how people can enjoy jason's deli or memphis bbq potatoes where they're actually still hard).  Butter, bacon, and cheese.  No extra upcharge for the bacon and cheese.The crispy chicken sandwich was a nice surprise.  Its on their new brioche bun which was amazing, it had folds, a good flavor, soft on the top, and was properly crisped on the grill.  You know the bun is right when after you pick it up to take a bit and put it down, your hand has "impressed" on the bun changing its shape.The aroma told it all though, it was a real buffalo sauce!  Not Frank's red hot sauce, which is a fine hot sauce, but isn't buffalo sauce at all. This was a mixture of butter and hot sauce, and was delicious.  So delicious. :)Here is a tip, instead of ordering the cheese fries you can't finish, just get french frys and add cheese and bacon for a buck more.  They'll even give you the same ranch sauce!
5	Tolles Ambiente und gutes Fleisch. Wir waren bei unserem Las Vegas Aufenthalt zwei mal hier und haben Steaks und Spare Ribs probiert. Es war super! :)
5	This Outback is awesome!I had the Ahi as an appetizer.  Great taste and quality.Service was fast.  Just as we finished a drink the next one came.  Good came fast and hot also.  I had the Ribeye and it was still sizzling when they set the plate in front of me.  My wife had the No Rules pasta with Scallops.  It's her new favorite dish.  She already told me that that's what's for dinner again on Friday night!
2	Food was good, service not so much! Server didn't know the menu and never asked how we wanted our protein cooked. We had to tell him. You would think it is second nature to ask being that its a steakhouse! Oh and our appetizer came about a minute before the main course. I'll dine again, but definitely not at this location!
4	I had the Tilapia with crab and I must say it was quite good. Cooked right and the vegetables were a nice side. I would give it 5 stars but our server was extremely slow greeting our table. I mean 4-5 mins before saying Hello. Major pet peeve of mine since I am a server myself. He seemed frazzled with the 3 tables he did have. It was close to closing time so maybe he was just over his day. Who knows. Overall decent experience and I also must mention their very friendly and talkative hostess! Huge plus! Restaurant appeared to be kept very clean also obviously a huge plus!
4	Came here with a pretty large party of about 10 people.  Service was pretty good.  It did take a while to get some drink refills but the server was mostly on top of things and even had no issues giving all 10 people separate checks.  The steak I ordered was fabulous.  I forgot what it was called but it had some special sauce on it and that along with the A1 made it just perfect.  Also enjoyed the mashed potatoes and bread they served.  Of course with most steaks, the prices are a little spendy, but actually with some of the specials you can order a pretty good sized meal for around $10-$15 which is what I did.  Good food, clean dining room, good service, not much to complain about.  I would come back here again.
2	First thing I noticed was the bloomin' onion shrunk!!! It's about 40% smaller, but the price didn't shrink! Server decided on his own to give me the larger draft beer and he was kinda pushy with his opinions on what I would like. He also butter flied my filet without asking.  Food was what you would expect from a medium end stake house, but the waiter ruined the overall experience.
4	I love chicken on the barbie and alice springs chicken. Service is fast enough and staff are friendly. I like how it's also kid-friendly. I love the bread they serve while waiting for your order. I never tire eating here. I love it!
3	Decent Outback. We had lunch there and it wasn't very busy, so the service was good. I ordered chicken strips and they were a bit skimpy and small. The staff could have been a bit friendlier as well. Overall not a bad location, but could have been better.
4	This place is great. It's obv not Morton's, but a great family tradition! And the food is delicious!
4	Had a lunch with my friends and family. The dish is tasty and the price is a little bit expensive, but okay.I like the steak but I tried the lamb this time. Not as good as I thought. Should stick to the steak. Their special steak is pretty good with the lobster and mushroom toppings.
4	Obviously you aren't going to get something that will outshine steakhouses on the Strip, but in terms of chain restaurants that have tasty food and are a relatively good value, Outback is more than okay by me.I think the fact that there has been a wait the last two times I've been to Outback says a lot about how the average individual feels about them.
5	Always great here we love this place cause there so nice and the place is clean and comfy!!!!! Cold Amstel also a plus !!!! My fav beer can't go wrong with that......;)the 8 ounce steaks came out great perfect and two side Cesar salads and mash ..... Hit the bellies great !!!!! The only thing bad was the sangria tasted like pink watered down lemon aid with a strawberry just sitting in it doing nothing very weak !!!!' But all was great.....  Stick with beer and wine and if dinner will be great..... Servers are the best and manager always comes out to check on u to make sure ur happy with meal and I love that that's how u run a buss!!!!
4	Great service with good food. Not overpriced like anything on the strip.Can't go wrong with outback.
5	This is by far the best Outback that we have been to.  My husband and I are not typically fans of Outback Steakhouses and find that the wait is not usually worth the food, but this location proved us wrong!  We have been here three times so far and the only downfall we have seen was the fact that others know how wonderful it is too!  There are always lines of people waiting inside and out of this location and so we would recommend calling ahead and making a reservation if you are going in as a group...or at least plan on waiting.  Each time we feel as if we should go somewhere else, but the times that we did decide to stay we did not regret.  It really is worth the wait.  Our servers have always been very friendly, our orders have always came out quickly and prepared as ordered, and everything that we have ordered so far has been mouthwatering delicious.  We WILL be going back :)
5	This location has the best manager. Abby is spectacular!!! I simply cannot express how professional, caring, genuine and sincere she is! Abby brings the meaning of management to Outback. After a minor issue, she ensured we would be taken care of. Abby did just that. She checked on us multiple times, she laughed with us and made us feel so incredibly welcome. Because of Abby we will return to this location and only this location. If you want an awesome steak, seafood, service and the chance at meeting a manager that cares about her restaurant, go to this location!! I guarantee everything you have will be perfect. It all comes down to management, the servers are happy, the bussers are happy, the hosts are happy. They rave about Abby and now so am I. Outback, if you read this, definitely give some recognition where recognition is deserved. It started with ABBY!!!
4	Service was great and the blooming onion is always good. Just wish that small sirloin didn't cost 10$. 4 stars for the service.
3	It's a chain, what more should I say. I haven't been to an Outback in 10 years - not an exaggeration. I used to eat at this place in college and would always get sick. I had some worries attempting it again - however no sickness occurred, thank goodness. I got the pork chop which came with veggies and I swapped the mashed p's for a loaded baked p. That was a good choice.  The pork chop came with a tangy dipping sauce which was pretty tasty but the chop itself had too much salt and pepper on it, a bit overpowering.  The veggies were yummy, not soggy or over seasoned.  The loaded baked potato was cooked to perfection and had plenty of toppings (butter, sour cream, cheese, bacon bits, chives).  Our server seemed to be overwhelmed that night (it was Valentine's Day, they were super busy).  She took our drink orders and left right away ... didn't even wait to ask if we wanted to order.  As we paid our bill we heard a server next to us explain the specials to his table; some of them sounded really good - we didn't get that info! What gives?  Expect a long wait at prime dinner times, it is a tourist town with over priced restaurants on the strip - I'm sure the chain places near by make bank on people trying to save $$.
4	A few years ago, I came to outback almost every week.  Their food was amazing and I love their complimentary bread that they give.  But then they started to go down-hill.   The food was cutting it anymore and the service wasn't as great as I remembered it to be.  So, I stopped going to outback for about three years.BUT now, wow they changed their menu and added/removed a few items as well.  I was impressed!  They no longer have my favorite sinful sydney sundae, but they added milkshakes. Oh man was that AMAZING. I ordered the cappuccino milkshake, it is my new favorite dessert! It wasn't too sweet and it wasn't too powerful with the cappuccino.  It was just perfect. I am craving it as I am typing this review.The entree was good, I ordered the half-order of baby back ribs.  It was tender and juicy.  I did not like the fries that much, but I was already full from the two complimentary breads that I ate and an appetizer. Appetizer, we ordered the steak nachos thing, it was interesting. The nachos or "chips" was really good, but I feel like they didn't add enough steak on it.  Service - he was a great and friendly server.  He seemed busy, but he kept all of us content and no complaints at all.  I think I am in love with outback again!
4	We enjoyed our dinner at the Outback Restaurant. I had the prime rib and the fresh green beans were really fresh and cooked perfectly. My prime rib was also cooked perfectly. My husband had steak and it was also done perfect. We enjoyed a piece of cheesecake for dessert-nice change it was crestless.
4	Who doesn't like a good old juicy medium rare steak, if it there us one place that I admire for being able to maintain the same level of preparation is outback. All if my experiences at the outback were the same as far as fiid goes but service is a different story, thus is why I am not making thus a 5 star review, my server was nice and I am sure he tried to do his best but other than serving the food and giving us the check he was no where to be found. I always had to ask another waiter for stuff which was very frustrating The food is good no doubt, service is dependent on the server.
1	From the second we sat down I had a bad vibe about our server. Stopped in to have a beer and appetizer w mom, sat in the bar area. Our server was Jonny P. After asking about happy hour, which he had little knowledge of and stated was "not as good as it use to be" we ordered two beers. We were sitting right next to the bar and it took 5 minutes to get our beers! When they did arrive, they had already overflowed and the server actually put them on our table wet w no napkin. I grabbed napkins from the bar myself and set our beers on them, the beer immediately soaked through 3 napkins. We ordered the chicken flatbread appetizer. It arrived barely warm and our server quickly walked away. We wanted a side of ranch to accompany our appetizer, there were no servers in sight. Keep in mind we were here at 4pm, there were maybe 2 other tables in the whole bar area. I had to ask the bartender to get someone who could give us some ranch before our food got cold. As far as the flatbread, unappetizing. The manager Abby came over to state that she was sorry it took so long for the ranch etc. very nice manager, but it's obvious the staff here needs some serious education on manners and the proper way to serve food and drinks. After speaking w the manager, we finally had an employee bring us coasters for our wet beers which was a relief as our table was all wet from the beer. We also had another server bring us silverware for our food. Imagine that, beer served w coasters and food served w napkins and silverware. Anyway, I will not waste anymore time on this horrible experience, save yourself the hassle and go to another location.
4	Best outback in Las Vegas..you guys should already know this place but if you don't I recommend the bone in rib eye with a blue cheese crust...decent price and good steak comparable to a overpriced steakhouse
5	In the parking lot of the Outlet Mall.  Came here after a day of shopping.  Hamburgers were great!  Lemonade hit the spot.   Great food this afternoon.
5	Best salad ever. Best croutons on the planet. Bread is to die for. Not the best service.
1	Worst experience ever at Outback, ordered a steak med well, it came out med rare, sent it back only to get a burned well done steak. This is the last time we eat at this Outback
4	if you want a good steak you can usually count on outback.  this location is SOOO much better than the one in the middle of the strip.  the parking lot is a bit small but the food never disappoints.  for a while they had a walnut / cherry type salad, then it went away, but it's back! big drinks and they come often, the wait staff is very attentive.
4	Visited on Father's Day around 5:30 (40 minute wait). We hung around and enjoyed their Crispy Chicken Sandwich (messy, but so worth it). Little one had the grilled cheese and fries (meh) and we ordered a couple of side Caesar salads. Service was attentive (even considering how slammed they were), manager was around and visible (even brought out food samples while we waited outside!). Only reason for the missing star is we ordered a calamari app which was seriously over-salted (might have just been a kitchen error, but it made it inedible). Server took it away without any issues, manager followed up and offered a replacement app, but by this time, we were ready for dinner. We definitely appreciated the attentive service and manager follow-up and totally understood that this was just an oversight. We will definitely be returning to this location, if only for that perfectly crispy chicken sandwich (dipped in buffalo sauce, served with a refreshing aioli....mmmm...) and that never-disappointing Caesar salad.
3	Went on Father's day. I will preface this review with that yes I know that Father's Day is probably one of their busiest days of the year. I will also say that I don't blame our server for the slow service we received, I think it was management's lack of having the store being properly staffed for the day. My steak was cooked perfectly and the sides and salad were good. So on those merits I will give three stars. But the speed of things left a lot to be desired. We were seated immediately, but didn't get greeted or have our drink orders taken for 15 minutes. The waiter kept trying to make it to our table to get our order but kept getting short-stopped by impatient people at other tables. He obviously was getting overwhelmed. After our drinks finally arrived 15 minutes later he took our order. Then finally after an hour after being seated we got our entrees. I should have taken the hint when the waiter did that thing where they just throw the check on your table without asking if you want desert, but we ordered desert anyway, which turned into a half hour ordeal after first placing the order. Then my daughter received the  wrong item and we had wait another 15 minutes for them to fix it. So almost two hours after being seated we finally left.Luckily I had really good company, and overall had a great tasting meal. It is just that it was at the speed of some french restaurant where you get the table for the entire night.
4	This Outback location is close to both my work and my home.  I often find myself here.  I pretty predicable as to what I order, usually I enjoy the house salad with blue cheese dressing, and the coconut shrimp (with some yummy warm bread and butter- of course!)  My boyfriend and I often visit for a quick dinner, sometimes we share a steak and a side, but most often it is usually salad and appetizers for dinner.  We always sit at the bar, and there is a fabulous bartender who we just enjoy- thank you Gavin for always being so attentive and just great company!
1	They have a poor advertising promoting steak and crab legs $12.99. Be prepared to fight for it though. Ate at the Las Vegas Blvd and Warm Springs location but no employee has ever heard of it OR managers they say it's only for participating... I said its false advertising and it was honored. Sadly worst crab legs we ever had. DRY DRY DRY. Eat there all the time! Very disappointed.
4	Came to outback with elementary school fiend. He owed me a steak dinner...and no, not from way back then.  The place was pretty packed, but we sat at the bar and enjoyed.  The waitress was very helpful and friendly...and nothing taste as good as a free meal...
5	Javon was an awesome server. Hella funny, super attentive, and did our special request without any hesitation. He made our dinner that much better. Thanks again! Everything was super good. My first time at outback was great. Give him the props and recognition he deserves.
5	Came really late last night with my little brothers basketball team at about 10 oclock. Me and my friends were kinda bummed cause we were supposed to go to the rio buffet but ended up here.. But when we got there the service was amazing. Got us seated with about 40 of us really quickly. Was able to split the bill according to each players jersey number. Also what really got me and my table particulary out of our bumm mood was the waitress I believe whose name was Shawndra. She just lightened the mood, got our food out quicker, and was able to play along with our jokes. Pretty much all good vibes from her and really deserved a big tip. Anyhow we stayed about 2 hours after closing time and they still kept the good attitude and everyone had a great time.
4	This Outback has better atmosphere than most, and was a good option to eat steak on LV Blvd for a good price.Our service was a little slow, but not bad. Our food was decent, and it was low-maintenance compared to other steakhouses nearby. My coconut shrimp were actually really good. All in all, it was a pleasant surprise.
1	If I could give ZERO stars, I would. I'd honestly go into the negative. We made a "reservation" for 8:45, even called in before we arrived. The dumbass (excuse my language) at the podium said "5 mins, your table will be ready when you're here." We get there on time, weren't seated until 930. Oh, and they seated 6 people in a booth. My family and I are not big at all, but even we wouldn't have fit comfortably. The manager offered to get us a drink while we waited, ordered 2 miller lights... 2 seconds later, he asked "you wanted bud light right?" Because his friends came in and he stopped in the middle of our conversation to talk to his friends. I nearly lost it. I snapped back and said "MILLER." Dude, you manage an outback, your job really is not that difficult. Our waitress was alright, I suppose... Forgetful but alright. She tried her best. A for effort. We ordered a couple apps, waited and waited and waited and waited. To the point where my dad, brother and I craved a cigarette. So they started walking outside, for a smoke, the dumbass at the podium said "if you go out, you can't come back in, company policy" when they told me that, I was livid. I told her, I'm gonna have a smoke, and get my wallet unless you don't want me paying for this dinner. Honestly, it's pretty bad if you start craving a cig in between apps and entree. Anyways, steaks came out... Warm. Ordered medium rare, my steak nearly gave me lock jaw from chewing it so much. We should've saved this horrible experience by eating at the damn chili's next door. I swear, a blind, tasteless person could've cooked a better steak than the chefs in charge of this joint. Sorry to be so harsh, but this is seriously the worst customer service I've ever experienced. I want this meal comped, and matter of fact, I'd like to be reimbursed for my time wasted in this restaurant. My conclusion, if you want to get treated like nothing, be surrounded by the dumbest staff in America and eat DOG FOOD, then this outback is the right place for you! To the blond hostess, that sucks so bad at the easiest job in the world... Congrats. You're employee of the month!
1	I encountered a situation where the elderly couple we were eating with shared a few pieces of shrimp after one of them ordered the steak and unlimited shrimp option. OK that was our bad,  we told them that they couldn't do that and they stopped. We ordered another round of shrimp and the manager decided to come over to our table and instead of politely notifying us that there is no sharing, it seemed like she wanted to announce it to the other tables around us and remind us that it says that on the menu. We offered to pay for a side of shrimp if it was an issue,  but the manager just said it was OK and walked away... The conversation between the manager and the elderly man after that was not professional and was indicative of someone who did not have enough training to diffuse a guest situation. Side note: if you and any other party members order their all you can eat shrimp option you still can't share. I made sure to clearly ask the server this question to be sure there was no misunderstanding. This rating is not because of the "no sharing" rule, I now take issue with the Outback Steakhouse slogan. The food was decent, but the situation should have been handled better. I have had ample customer and guest service training to know that much. I believe more training is necessary for both management and staff. The experience was bad enough to negate anything positive about the food. I will not be returning and cannot recommend this establishment to anyone.
5	Jason was FANTASTIC! He engaged with us and recommended a new cocktail for my husband to try, and my husband absolutely loved it! Also, let us know the specials that they had going on. We usually come to this outback at least once a week and this was by far one of the BEST service experiences we've ever had here. Food came out fast and was delicious as always! See ya next week Outback :)
5	When Outback has their unlimited shrimp special, HOLY MOLY. I think my group polished off about 12 plates of shrimp while we were there.If you put your name on the list for a shorter wait, that helps a lot. Just give them a call. The worst case scenario is that you will have to wait for your table surrounded by tourists who googled "steak in Las Vegas", realized that almost all the steak houses charge 10x for everything, and decided to lower their expectations for fanciness and take their craving on DOWN TO THE OUTBACK! I feel bad because you know they probably hailed a cab from their hotel thinking at this Outback was on the strip only to realize it is very much not. Oh well. Everyone needs to eat, including cab drivers.To be honest, I would eat their unlimited shrimp off my lap while sitting outside of a Burger King if I had to. It's such a great deal.Our waiter was great as well. Great view of the mountains out the front.
5	Wow! How can you say......amazing always all the time! We have been coming here for 3 years...... It has been short of Amazing everyone! Come'on!!!
5	This place has a great happy hour and if you sit at the bar, you not only get faster service but you get to have some friendly conversation with the bartendar.There are some really good items you can get in the bar area during happy hour which are enough to fill your belly while you drink some drink.The food here is very good 98% of the time and it is a place I like to come to every so often.  For a chain type place, they really know how to keep you coming back and I have always had a pretty decent experience here.  I recommend Outback and if you have not been for a while, it may be time to revisit and if you can, sit at the bar, you should have a good time.
2	Waited over 30 minutes to be seated. Ordered steaks. Not very good. Tough and chewy. Salad and bread were the best part of the meal. Will not be back.
4	It's a good ole standby for a decent steak. Love the salad, went for the ribeye this time over the sirloin. I prefer the sirloin here for some reason, the Outback Special is the way to go.
4	A little expensive for the quality/quantity, but good overall. Me and my GF both had steak, mine with lobster and it was cooked perfectly, but not really seasoned enough. The wait staff was EXCELLENT. My glass was never empty and I was checked on like 10 times. This would be a 5 star review if the $4 bloom petals didnt seem like the burnt scraps they fished out of the fryer or the steaks had some kind of garnesh besides just meat and potatoe on a plate... presentatiom is everything guys, get with the program.
2	"Blonde, Burned and Bland"Came in Friday around 4:30PM. Sat at the bar and asked if they had Woodford Reserve. Bartender said, "No. Our booze selection is kind of lame." I was also to learn that their food was kind of lame as well. Nonetheless, I ended up with a double shot of Knob Creek which wasn't too bad. I looked over the menu and ended up ordering coconut shrimp and a bacon burger with fries.The married blonde near me was staring at yours truly like she'd never seen a handsome dude before. She also was eavesdropping on my natural aptitude for banter with bartenders. She ended up starting a conversation with your Vegas heart throb and I must admit she was talented in the brains and personality department, almost to the point where she thought she was smarter than me, which, of course, is impossible.When my food came I ordered another bourbon and bit into a shrimp. Yuck.Couldn't taste the coconut, most likely because the underwater roaches were left too long in the deep fryer. Tasted a bit burned and were much too dark. The burger wasn't much better. It rivaled the minuteness of an In N Out patty and tasted just as bland. The fries, however, hit the spot. Married Blonde settled up her bill and bade me farewell. She stated she had to get to work. I faked a smile and wished her well. I emotionally detached myself from the food and focused on swallowing without tasting. If nothing else, I at least wanted to satisfy my hunger.I paid the bill and walked out to my ride, wondering if I would ever set foot in another Outback again....
1	I have been eating at Outback Steakhouse for years and I loved the Butter churned dipping sauce they served with the crab legs & the Amazing churned hot fudge but I ate there tonight and they served me melted butter like oil and acted like it was normal like I was crazy for thinking it used to be different.  They can at least admit they ruined it to save money.  Disappointed
4	Great food, good service.  Probably the best Outback in Las Vegas for service and food quality.  Good place for families.  Definitely use call ahead seating during the busy times.
4	Very good chain lunch spot, it's always easy to get in and out from this location for lunch.  The service has always been pretty good, very attentive to your meal and drinks.  Our server always made sure we had enough bread, probably brought 2-3 loafs for our party.  The steak was decent, nothing too crazy.  It's consistent.  Flavors are ok, but I still need some steak sauce on the side to accompany it usually.  But the the service and speed is what makes this place for the lunch rush.
4	We had my husband's birthday dinner at this location.  He said his steeak was perfectly cooked.I had the Ahi Tuna Sesame salad.  This salad would of been SO much better if they used mixed greens vs iceberg.  Iceberg has no flavor, at all.Great table service and we loved our server.
2	Went to Outback on Black Friday, not the best of ideas in the first place. Sat at the bar with a very nice bartender. She was attentive, but that was the only good thing. The steak was way over done and over salted, the soup was over salted as well. The overall experience was not good and I will not be coming back to this Outback.
1	Terrible terrible food, well our adventure started when our waitress brought out the coconut shrimp, terrible taste felt rubbery. Then my father asked for a well done prime rib came out medium rare. The waitress seeing disgust on our face offers to have it recooked. Wow what a waste of time and service stay away!
5	Came here last Friday night & had the best service ever here. We waited only a short while (it helped we made a reservation). We ordered the fried calamari, filet mignon, NY strip steak & for dessert NY cheesecake. Our steaks were cooked perfectly. And I loved my baked sweet potato side & broccoli too. So fresh. But the best part of it was the exceptional service we got from Moose. He gave us very personable & almost undivided attention, even in a busy restaurant (NFR was in town so place was super busy). Such great attitude & professionalism. I certainly hope he gets recognized for his service & that we have hun again as our server.
4	It's a great place for steaks and the onion blossom! If you sit at the bar you can get some snacks for cheaper and they also have drink soecials. I love the onion blossom that is very popular and the steaks are juicy. It's also affordable especially for happy hour. The service has been good most of the time but on my last trip we got unlucky and ending up sitting in an area with a few large groups. We didn't get all the attention as we should have but overall it's a great place to dine in. The salads here are also very good here and for some reason they have really great croutons. I enjoy this location very much and am a regular here.
