5	Caliban Book Shop has to be the most remarkable bookstore in the 'Burgh.  It isn't quite a used bookstore.  You don't go here expecting to find used paperbacks of Steinbeck or Dickens.  No, this is really much more of an antique and collector's bookstore.  As a reviewer on another site says, the first thing you notice upon entering the place is the sweet scent of old books.  I found an old book on pop music once as a gift for my dad.  He really loved it.They do get used textbooks and not-so-rare paperbacks too.  So if you want to escape the look-alike world of the major chains (Barnes & Noble or Borders, not that there's anything wrong with those places) then by all means, drop in here!
5	I asked some local family members where to go to find cool old books, and used books in general, and I was directed here. When we walked in it only took a few seconds to realize that the place was very well organized. I took a moment to scan the store to see the sections before selecting a place to start. It was not like one of those confusing old bookstores where everything is hit or miss. We found old books in foreign languages (mostly german and french, with some latin, spanish, portugese, and others). The old books were really amazing. They were reasonably priced. Fairly priced. Unlike some other bookstores that just push for profits. They had some that were more valuable up in front, and some glass cases that you could peruse without even asking for help to open the cabinets. There were more unusual cultural studies academic-type books, and other sections that you might not always find. And perhaps most unusual, was that they had an incredible art section, complete with architecture, photography, and even old music scores. I found the medical selection a little lacking, but no place is perfect--though this place probably comes pretty close...We were able to get a lot of great stuff, and I will certainly try to come back to this place every time I am in town.
5	The selection of books on food, wine, and cooking is fabulous. I'm really impressed by this bookstore. I found things I had wanted for a long time, and found them easily -- this may be the best-organized used bookstore I've ever seen. I hope to return whenever I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	A true book lover's bookshop. Like walking into an old library. Surrounded by leathery spines, dust and that musty old-book smell that makes any reader feel at home. Narrow passages for browsing, and bearded college professor types reading on stools. Books stacked haphazardly everywhere. The literary equivalent of a cup of coffee on a cold winter day.
4	Ok, I just wanted to throw a little dissent into the mix. While I really love the atmosphere of Caliban, it's just a little bit on the expensive side. They have a great selection , which is great, but definitely don't go in with less than 10 bucks expecting to be able to get what you're looking for, unless, of course, it's in the sale section outside. In which case, GO!P.S. The main shop guy with wire-frame glasses knows a lot about the underground literary scene in Pittsburgh; try talking to him sometime
4	Support local bookstores and try to buy your books from places like this. Great vibe here, the place is pretty small so don't expect to find every book you might be looking for. In addition to books they have a small selection of vinyl records with bunches of rare titles. Caliban is the home of Pittsburgh literary magazine "The New Yinzer" so check out their website and support Pittsburgh's local writers. The reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they don't have a great selection of paperback fiction.
5	The is the best edited book selection in Pittsburgh. Period. If you come to Pittsburgh and read books, you must come here. Especially good if you're looking for a niche philosophy, poetry, or theology title.  Great music selection too.
4	Caliban has a great selection of interesting and diverse books.  It's organized in a good way and even though it's not all that big, I've found that I can get lost in a section while perusing what's there.  Within each section, there's a lot of diversity.Upstairs has almost all hardbacks, and the smaller downstairs is just paperback books.  One of my favorite parts of Caliban is their record section.  Tucked into a corner, their record section has been growing over the last 6 months or so.  There are a number of record stores in the city, but every once in a while I find something at Caliban (actually the record section is called Desolation Records) that I can't find elsewhere.  They started selling a few used records as well, and you can find a few gems there too.If you like books, or records check it out.
5	Great used bookstore.  I probably frequent this place way too often, and almost always get something.Don't let the website mislead you into thinking it's only rare books.  There's something for everyone.  Paperbacks are mostly under $4 or $5, and I don't recall ever seeing any above $8 or so, unless it's a special edition (e.g. Advance Reading Copy).  Also, huge plus: they finally organized the paperback sci-fi section, alphabetically by author.  You can now find the good stuff without having to dig through endless rows of weird crap.  Yessss!I've also gotten some nice hardbacks, like a couple of beautiful illustrated Steinbeck novels in cardboard dust-jackets.  They were relatively inexpensive ($10-$15).  Not rare editions, but they don't make books like that anymore, and that's still even cheaper than new paperbacks nowadays.  I always see lots of nice hardcover sets like this.  They'd make great gifts.If something is signed but not rare, it's probably $30-$50.  They tend to keep these among all the normal books, so try some shelf-digging and you might find something cool if you're into signed books.The rarer books are in the glass case by the register.  These are nice to stare at while you pay for your cheapo books :)
5	I love shopping here. I've found the most wonderfully unusual things! The only drawback is the aisles are a bit tight and its hard to see the bottom rows. I always feel like I'm in someone's way.
3	This book store more than likely deserves a better rating than this.  However, I read the reviews and went in looking for a few books.  Fantasy, horror, and science fiction were all tossed into the same category and there were only 20 books for each, if that.  I was very disappointed.  While the book store has a great collection of everything else, if your looking for a good used fantasy book, your not going to find it here.
4	I've bought many a book in this quaint little store.  The minute you walk in you're bombarded with intimidating stacks and bookcases piled with numerous books that you probably never heard of and will never even develop the interest of reading.I usually make a beeline for the fiction section located downstairs, this is probably where I spend most of my time moseying around Craig street. I usually scour this place for their cheap and interesting books. I usually find something located on the smallest bookcase in the middle of the fiction basement.  Overall, I got to say I'm a huge fan of this place.
5	Exceptionally interesting, diverse selection - picked up some books I'd long been searching for, as well as unexpected gems from the sales shelf. Were I a local, I'd be heading down to Caliban whenever possible. Go get at those books!
4	I've rated Caliban at at 4 stars, but in truth, it's more like a four and a half. I'll start with what keeps me from bring the rating up to five stars.  First, the books are  a little pricey for a used bookstore in Oakland.  However, there are some great finds and some really good deals to be had among the tightly packed shelves of Caliban, so it's really a small quibble (mostly because I always end up buying more than I meant to).  Secondly, I really wish they opened a little earlier--sometimes I'd love to drop by at 9 or 10 am and I'm always frustrated that the doors don't open until 11.Other than these two minor quibbles, I can't say enough good things about Caliban.  As mentioned by other reviewers, they have a great selection and there always seem to be new and interesting titles popping up.  I have also never encountered a more helpful or knowledgeable bookstore staff.  Seriously, I'm always amazed by their ability to recommend titles based on books you've read or authors you like-- they've never steered me wrong.If you haven't checked them out, you should really stop by!
3	I've always been a bit underwhelmed with this book shop. I feel that the selection isn't great.  I know that they have to be a bit picky when it comes to what books they accept to turn around to sell, but every time I have come in with a box of old books that I no longer want, they never accept any book that I have. I know at least one person who works here who is as nice as one can be, but there is at least another guy who works here who has always been short with me over the phone or in person if I have a question about buying/selling/ or donating a book. Don't get me wrong, this is still a nice store to walk in to browse on a stroll down Craig Street, but in my opinion is by no means the best used bookstore in the city.
