3	I happened on Dr. Moody's practice by accident.  I was with a friend and we stopped by the building where Community Medical Clinic is located when I saw a new sign.  I went in to see if another medical person whose name will not be given was gone or not.  I am happy to report that person is no longer located there!I happened to speak with Dr. Moody, who seems very pleasant and knowledgeable.  He took a few minutes to speak with me when he heard me asking about the new practice. That struck me as very impressive when many physician will hardly spend that much time with a patient. I read on his website that Dr. Moody says he specializes internal medicine, sports medicine, hepatitis,  and HIV Treatment.  He did strike me however that he might make a good GP.  I have had to deal with more health problems than most of people, so my hunches about health care professionals are usually pretty good.   I regret to say I didn't think about to ask him about that but might well will be worth looking into. At the time I was just surprised that I was even getting to talk to him.   I do know he offers a special plan for people that don't have health insurance which in this day and age can be most helpful.  I'd suggest looking into it if you are in that position?Now we will discuss what might be the tricky part for some people concerning Dr. Moody.  In the course of the conversation,  I noticed some literature that was aimed toward the gay community.  I asked him and Dr. Moody made it very clear that his practice is very open to the gay community and that he himself is.  If he hadn't mentioned his personal preference, I wouldn't have known it.  I admit that is about the last thing I would think about as long as I have received good health care.    And that, I guarantee you is something I am very, very, particular about!!!  Sadly,  those I have found to have offered less that that have been the physicians who might turn their noses up at a practice such as Dr. Moody's. His location is easy to find and he has parking.  Two things you can never go wrong with!
5	I took My Wife to see Dr. Moody. He is amazing, he is so patient and knowledgeable. There are not very many Dr's left that have that extra care and compassion for helping and healing people. It's also a great place if you do not have health insurance, they have low cost copay!!!
5	I went to see Dr. Moody after my husband discovered him and talked so highly. I am so glad I did! Dr. Moody is so good that I switched physicians and made him my primary doctor.His personality is sweet and infectious and the service is impeccable! You will not be disappointed! The best decision you will ever make!
5	An urban surprise.  A great doctor who is easy to get an appointment with.  No voice mail..a real person answers the phone.  And they really do work to make health care affordable.  It is not just talk, they have some things set up.  As the the main priority.  I have seen a lot of doctors over the last few decades and I can recommend Dr. Moody without reservation.
5	Went into Dr Warren Moodys Clinic to do an annual checkup and also purchase the B12 shots. Ive been to the clinic a few times and its always been a great experience. Very professional and really cares for his clients. Definetly gotta check it out!
5	I am lucky enough to have health insurance but for those that do not they need to come and check out Community Medical Clinic. For starters when I called to make my new patient appointment I was offered a same day appointment. I almost fell over at this being offered to me being that typically you can wait a month to see a doctor at some larger medical centers. Upon arrival I was given the typical paperwork for new patients but noticed that the level of questions was  more personal in a good way. I could tell that these people care about my care and health. Dr. Moody came in and actually had a conversation with me about my health. He was very personable and kind. Dustin who was at the reception desk was also very kind. He took my blood, blood pressure, and asked me some questions.The service was quick, personable, and genuine. Three things you don't get much in healthcare these days. If you need a primary care doctor in the Downtown Phoenix area I highly recommend going here!
5	My friend recommended this place to me because he goes here for his long term medical needs. I have come to find out that I needed a long term doctor as well. So I was thinking about going and plus trying to find other options. This place is a little out of the way for me so I was skeptical at first. I finally couldn't find another doctor for the reasons I needed a doctor in the first place. So I decided to try them out and I do not for a second regret my decision. I love this office. I have had nothing but fantastic experiences with these guys and they are very knowledgeable and very nice. When you first walk in, you are greeted by Dustin, which is just a sweetheart. If you have any questions about anything at all he is right there with an answer. I absolutely love this guy. Then when you get to meet Dr. Moody, he is very understanding and excepting. He will listen to every issue and figure out every possible outcome plus talk you through it. (Which is rare in a doctor) You absolutely do not feel uncomfortable or judged by what you are dealing with if that applies. You just feel like are a part of their family but not in a creepy way... haha I recommend this doctors office to everyone and expect them to go and recommend this place to their family and friends.  ^.^
1	Worst experience ever! I have severe neck pain, and I was hoping he could help me, but instead he said there was nothing he could do for me. I talked to him for maybe 2 minutes, and he just left. The worst part is that I paid $55 to see him! I felt like I was robbed walking out of there. I went to urgent care after that and they gave me a steroid prescription, and 800 mg ibu's which took care of the pain. Thanks for nothing Dr. Moody, and I would like my $ back please.
3	This medical practice has closed.
