5	We had our back yard remodeled last summer and could not be happier with the work done by Craig and his crew.  They installed accustom shaped travertine paver patio with a large gas fireplace, a barbecue island, a water feature and 2 areas with artificial grass.  Thanks again!
5	I can't say enough good things about Desert Sun Pools and specifically Jason. We had another local pool company out here trying to fix our motor problems. After the first place had replaced the motor, (WITH a rebuilt one that didn't meet Arizona code) THEN when it went bad, trying to tell us it was because of the Monsoon rain, Jason and Desert Sun Pools went to bat for us! We now have a NEW motor and Jason spent the time to explain things to us. (Newly transplanted from Seattle, we have -0- pool experience) If you need an honest service company, take my word for it, THIS is your place. We will send anyone we know that needs pool service to you guys. Again THANKS.
1	One star only because I don't know how to leave zero. The owner came and looked at the issue, but never listened to a word I said. Then he sent out a couple guys that didn't even speak English to do a crappy job of installing a skimmer box. My cool deck is marred with saw holes, and now gras is growing inside my skimmer box, and dirty continually falling in the pool. When I called Craig, he came out and put some caulk on the concrete, sullen and crabby the while time.   Steer clear of these clowns.
1	i wouldn't recommend this company to my worse enemies.  the owner told his tile guy not to put tile on the sides of my water fall. thank god i happen to show up to see how things were going.  i called craig and asked why he isn't putting tile on the sides,  he tells me that they  don't usually do that. i thought to myself are you kidding me it would look like crap. this was about 4 years ago.  now in the last week i've had to have an electrician come out to fix there crap work because when they pulled the wire though the pipe they with know regard for the plastic around the wire , has scraped some of it off and blows the fuse at the main box of the house. these guys are the worst.
