4	Strip mall mediterranean. Unbelievably clean place with unbelievably sweet owners. The chicken gyros, falafel, and baba ganouj are excellent. Great for take-out.
3	Elie's is a small, unassuming place that gets busy during the lunch rush.I like their hummas quite a bit and their chicken plate is very tasty.My wife found their falafel to be unpleasant for some reason.This is the kind of mom and pop business I like supporting. They are very nice.
3	Meh.Average place with average food. Service is outstanding, though. Very friendly owner who will take the time to point out some of her faves off the menu. She even stopped by our table more than once - first to see how everything once; then to show us how the salads come prepared. The establishment itself is very "dinky," with little to no flair. There's a sign on the women's bathroom saying it's for customers only. Yet the men's door is void of any such note. The trash can, however, proudly displays a neon 8 x 11 piece of paper: For Trash Only. If you like gyros, Greek food, a light and quick lunch, try this place out. I don't suspect it'll wow you speechless, but it's okay. Just remember TO BRING CASH! They do not accept checks or credit/debit cards. Their hours:11 a.m. - 8 p.m. M - F11: a.m. - 7 p.m. SaturdaysClosed Sunday
5	Yowza....  Food so good you'll slap yer Momma!I've driven by this place a gazillion times, and I've been wanting to try it.  I hadn't quite sated my need for Mediterranean food, so I decided to get some take-home.  I'm *trying* to be sort of careful about what I eat and making sure I get more veggies, blah blah blah.  So I got the mixed meat salad -- because I still needed some gyro meat.  All I can say is WOW.  The veggies were fresh and crunchy, the chicken was great -- marinated and really tender.  And, FINALLY, gyro meat that dreams are made of!  Perfectly seasoned, and just freakin good!  I chose the house dressing -- garlic, lemon, and olive oil -- and it was a great choice -- it was awesome.  This big ass salad comes with pita bread, but I'd get an extra, so you can sop up whatever dressing is left.  The service was lovely as well.  The sister of the owner was working this evening, and was so friendly.  I will definitely be coming back.  I can't wait to try more!!!!!!
5	Yes, I agree this place is a gem.  I have always had terrific food here (the gyros and salad's  are awesome).  ALWAYS fresh.  A little expensive considering it's a dive (a very clean one though).  And i have had co-workers complain they don't give you enough food.  But giving 5 stars based on the quality of the food
3	I have to fall somewhere in the middle on this place. Elie's gets high marks for being a family-run establishment and for having super-friendly and likeable service, but  it falls a little short in the food department. I can walk to this place from my work, so I decided to do just that one day last week. Alicia B was definitely right when she said that this place is "dinky" - the flooring is old, the tables are dingy, the bathroom is passable, and the "decor" consists of a few potted plants and some framed stock pictures of Greece. I might forgive the extreme lack of atmosphere if I felt that the prices were reasonable, since that would mean that the owners were skimping on style in order to provide a high-quality product. Unfortunately, the food doesn't quite deliver, especially given the high prices. I really wanted to order one of the vegetarian combo plates, but the cheapest one with falafel (plus hummus) was $7.85! That is really steep, in my opinion. If I had wanted to add baba and tabouli, it would have run me $9.10. Because this felt high, I ended up getting the falafel sandwich for $5.59. It only came with lettuce, tomatoes, and tahini sauce, so I ended up adding green peppers for $.45 (a bargain compared to the $.99 they charge to add tomatoes). I waited 10-15 minutes for my food, which I understand given that there was a steady flow of eat-in and take-out customers. When the sandwich did arrive (with a smile from the again very friendly owner), I enjoyed it because I was starving, but again, wasn't all too impressed. The pita was very large but very dry, and it definitely could have stood to be more moist. Similarly, I found the falafel overly dry and crumbly. The tahini sauce was decent but not as subtle as some I've had in the past. For $8 or so, I got a filling falafel sandwich and a large Diet Coke. I definitely prefer the $2.99 falafel sandwich at Al-Hana, although the uber-convenient location of Elie's may mean that I return a few more times. I will definitely update if I go back and try something more on-point.
4	The food is good. It's not great. It may be slightly overpriced for some... BUT  they don't get discounts for buying in bulk like the chains and the owners are good people trying to make an honest living. It's local, family run business and the service is awesome. The owner greets you with a huge contagious smile when you walk in & she is always super friendly.AND YES -- DON'T FORGET: it's CASH ONLY!I wish the Valley had more places like this.
5	Awesome food! I dream about the falafel from here. I have tried Pita Jungle and many other places, even resorting to making my own but it is never the same as Elie's. Elie is so warm and inviting as she serves you herself. Prices are a little high but so is the quality. The fries are fresh and so is the meat. The pitas are so soft and fresh, very hard to find pitas such as these. I remember I passed out once here, I don't know if it was from a serious disorder or from me being in so much ecstasy from the food! Remember to bring cash, that is their only drawback.
4	i mainly eat vegetarian when going out to eat, and a wonderful combination to get here is a plate of tabouleh, hummus, and baba ganoush. i've been going here on and off for almost an entire decade, and the food's always been good. what i miss though, since they've slimmed down their menu a bit, are the grape leaves. they used to have such good ones...and it was a main reason i kept coming back. also their yogurt with cucumbers (not exactly like tziki, but still good), is also gone, and it was so good served with pita. oh well, at least they haven't yet  gotten rid of the holy trio of baba, hummus, and tabouleh.
4	This is a small place that clearly show the love of the owners.  I found it to be spotlessly clean despite having older furnishing and decor and the food is made one order at a time.That means it's a dollar or two more than the chain places like Shlotskys and Subway that're on the other side of Thomas Road, but the quality of the ingredients is like, 200% better.Next time I need a fix of good Greek / Eastern mediteranean food I will be back for sure. Their tzatziki is just perfect - cooling, yet hot at the same time from generous amounts of garlic.They do commercial catering too, so if you're looking for a office lunch that's different, definitely give them a try.And don't forget CASH ONLY means no debit cards! BTW That's a shout out for the dude who came in behind me who said "what, not even debit cards?"
5	Love Elie's Deli!  It's not a fancy place, but neither is the tood or prices.  Elie is a real person and when you eat there, you feel like you're at his home.  We're usually there in the evenings, it's quiet and we enjoy a leisurely meal with some really great healthy food.  Favorite is the grilled chicken pita wtih hummus.  Don't know how he seasons the chicken but it is to perfection with a slight hint of garlic.  Sometimes I get it with rice - yum!  Everything is really fresh and cooked to order.  Portions are generous - you won't go away hungry.  Just writing this makes me want to go back NOW!
5	Elie's is the best in town! I love the feta gyro and the mixed meat salad. The pita bread is light and fluffy and the hummus is excellent! All are FANTASTIC! Portions are big. Customer service is wonderful! It is a little high in cost, but well worth it. You will wait a while for your food too, but what do you expect from a 2 person establishment? So call ahead if you're in a hurry, and don't forget to bring cash!
4	i've gone back to elie's and took note that the grape leaves are back on the menu, along with some other stuff too, i think! yay!
3	I'm divided.  I don't really like the way the place looks.  I am the last one to complain that decor is old and outdated, because I like un self-conscious outdatedness.  Unfortunately, it looked dirty, and by dirty I mean dusty and unscrubbed.  I began to wonder if they kept the kitchen as clean as the dining room. The wait was interminable, or seemed so because of the creep sitting next to me who wouldn't stop talking about "the aliens".  In all actuality, I was probably there for about twenty minutes, having gotten there about 11:15 am.  Another note about the dining room is the kitchen obviously has insufficient smoke ventilation.  As I waited, my eyes began to sting, and the haze in the room was visible in the sunlight.  No dine-in for me.When looking at the menu, I thought the prices seemed slightly high.  Once I got my food, I felt that the prices were fair due to portion size.  I got the baba ganoush and grape leaves.  The grape leaves were awesome.  The baba ganoush was interesting, with a consistency that looked like hummus.  Totally creamy, no evidence of seeds.  It was dosed with so much liquid smoke that it kind of tastes like barbecue sauce.  Good at first, kind of sickening after half of it is gone.  I wouldn't get it again.I need to try this place one more time and see if my experience is comparable.  If it is, I doubt I will be back.
5	Definitely best gyros in Phoenix
5	I pass this place all the time, and decided to stop in today. Glad I did! I got the classic gyro with fries, and it was one of the best I've had. The service is very friendly, and they are attentive. You could tell the ingredients are high quality, and my food was very fresh. The establishment was very clean, with friendly service and good food. You should check it out!
2	Two stars is "Meh.  I've experienced better" which is how I felt after eating at Elie's Deli.  I had a greek salad with grilled chicken and it was just ok.  My colleague had the falafel and she said the same thing about her meal.  Bottom line, I may or may not go back.  It's convenient for lunch from my work but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	I cant believe I have not Yelp'd about one of my favorite places - Elie's Deli!  Time to remedy that!We've been going to Elie's for at least 3 years now.  Upon our second visit (we always get our stuff to-go).  I punched vent holes in the lids of the takeout boxes.  Did this to keep the fries from getting steamed to death before being able to eat them at home.  Ever since the hole punch, the owners always remember us!  So much so that, they punch holes in the box for J's fries that he orders with his burger.  Honestly, one of the best gryos I've ever had.  Not oily and not drenched in tzatziki.  And the dressing for the greek salad is super good!  Friendly service, good food!
5	REAL CUSTOMER SERVICE AND GREAT FOOD.  The woman that takes the orders and serves is always there and she is GREAT!  The gyros, hummus, and salads have been fresh, consistently good and prompt.  The decor is dated, but C'mon I'm in there too eat.  The woman has remembered me and my wife despite a number of weeks between visits.  This place is very refreshing in an era of dying customer service.  Don't judge a book by it's cover because you'll miss out on this gem.
4	Clean inside and clean kitchen. Nice staff and super good food. The chicken pita was good, not great but the salad was super good. I even liked that it had no feta. The burger I had tried another time was SUPER good. Taste just like you made t at home but without having to mess up your kitchen. ;) The hours are a little annoying because but that just means they take pride in their food when it is open.I would definitely recommend everyone go give them a try.
5	Right in my neighborhood, and I finally tried this little gem of a place!  My gyro was fresh, flavorful, tasty - worth $.75 to add the feta.  Service was good.  I'll definitely be back for more.It's simple and small, great for lunch.
5	Just about now you are wondering are these reviews for real.well they are the food is first rate. It was just delicious. The brother and sister that run it are proud of their business and they have a right to be the food is first rate. They have been in the food business for 30 years and they care about what they do. They shop everyday themselves no deliveries because they are so particular about the food they serve. The place is super clean and they have an outstanding inspector rating. Best of all their 90 year old mother was still working taking pride in what she does not because she has to because she wants to. I am sorry we did not get here sooner, don't be sorry yourself go have some of their food.
5	Tired of big chain restaurants while visiting Phoenix for an annual conference, I trusted reviews on Yelp and found my way to Elie's Deli. I am eternally grateful that I did. This little unassuming small shop might serve the best gyro I've ever had.... And believe me, I've had a ton of gyros. It's one of my favorite sandwiches. Since it was my first time here, I went with the beef gyro lunch combo. They also serve chicken. Nedda (sister to Elie) was sweet and included a side of her delicious made-from-scratch-daily hummus and pita quarters. All of the food was quickly prepared by Elie in the kitchen and it was served so fast I hadn't even had time to take two bites of the tasty salad Nedda have me as the side to my combo. It's incredible how such simple food can be elevated by super fresh ingredients and the deft hand of a cooking master. Both of these things are found at Elie's Deli and it shines in their food. You also know a restaurant is special when the owners know most customers (who walked in during the duration of my visit) and call them by name, inquire about families and work, tell jokes and laugh together. Elie came out from the kitchen and chatted with everyone in the dining room for a few minutes and brought people's lunches out from the back himself. That kind of personalization transforms a simple lunch into a community experience. And to be clear, the menu is much more extensive than Mediterranean food . You can dine-in or take-out. They have American style deli sandwiches and burgers too...some things I'll have to try the next time I come to Phoenix. Maybe. If I don't get the gyro again.
5	Great lil mom and pop joint had the chicken gyro and salad. Salad was fresh and crisp gyro was tasty
5	sitting in elie's right now and i have nothing but good things to say. the food is delicious, the owners are friendly, your order comes out FAST (i got my hummus and falafel pita within minutes of ordering--i barely had time to sit down!).  this is a little hole in the wall deli off 44th and thomas but well worth a visit. i haven't tried the famed gyro yet but i'm looking forward to it!
5	very sad to say that after 15 yrs, elie's is now closed for good. they were sweet people who served good food. i hope they are okay, and just retiring after working so hard for so long. thank you for all the years you were open.
5	It's a shame they have to close. This was the best place to eat in the area by far. What's troubling is that the mediocre, uninspiring chain restaurants across the street are swarmed with customers. The owners/workers of this place were some of the most courteous I've ever witnessed. I hope they are retiring in peace somewhere.
4	I don't review all that often on Yelp and today I was reading my old reviews.  My first review of Elie's Deli was a bit harsh, though in my humble opinion their grilled chicken salad isn't their best dish.  However, after trying their amazing hummus and their baclava I became a HUGE fan, as well as the owners who were so nice and remembered me and my friends, Elie's became a weekly must-have for our office.  I completely agree with Tabitha's comment, this was the saddest day of the year when Elie's Deli closed its doors.  I honestly almost cried.
