5	Probably the nicest vape shop I've been to, really great folks.  Very professional, helpful, and informative.  I just recently found out they have these cards for every 9 bottles of juice you buy you get the 10th bottle free.   My favorite flavores would have to be Snozberry & Vanilla Hazelnut Expresso.
1	Very disappointed. I had been very appreciative of the high level of customer service at this specific location for Sin City Vapor, up until today. I've spent a lot of money with Sin City Vapor, and really had never thought about checking out a different vapor store, until I was treated poorly today. I'm experiencing an issue with error codes my ProVari is throwing about 60% of the time when I try to hit. I came in today to seek help and a possible solution and was given a response of, "Well, I gave you a manual, right?" Yes, she did... And, I referred to that first before coming in. She blamed the issue on the tank I'm currently using and said I should try tightening and loosening it, it will solve the issue. No, it doesn't, I've already tried that and have been using this tank since I first purchased the ProVari. It wasn't until about 4 days ago that I started experiencing the issues, and I've been using the ProVari for over 2 months now. I asked if there were any other suggestions she had and was told to contact ProVape because nothing was covered through Sin City Vapor. Great, thanks for the 'help' with the product you sold to me and now refuse to stand behind, even after the amount of business I've given you; I'm so very sorry to have wasted YOUR time!
1	I'm changing my review to a ONE STAR!  My boyfriend found out about this shop when the owner came in to buy a battery for his truck and invited him to check it out.  These past few months we've owned our vapes we WERE pleased with the service at first..  Big smiles and personable staff.Today we stopped into a different vape shop  that's right around the corner from our home. Reason being my boyfriend's vape has been acting weird and hits weak.  Well the guy behind the counter was EVER so polite to check it out. He then pointed out this vape is a complete knock off after showing us their display and what looked to be a nicer version of what my boyfriend has. We've pretty much chucked it up as a loss since I know they don't want to hear it from us. I get it, it's retail business but selling people JUNK should be a crime.I've come into this location and mentioned that my vape has a burnt taste to it. I was then told I was vaping "too long" and that's why I get that nasty taste. So I started counting how long I use it, each rip.  I also clean it vigorously with a Q tip and make sure the tank isn't leaking AGAIN, which it does frequently.  I've been replacing my tanks over & over until I finally stopped using it for a month or so out of frustration.  THAT and the fact I know from reading previous reviews they don't want to own up to anything or help anyone. FINE!  I rather take the $75 loss and take my money else where. I should of known the day this guy barged into the shop yelling about how they sold him a $300 dollar piece that was JUNK. This guy was livid, ranting about how he owns his own vape shop where he's from and he paid a taxi driver $60 bucks to get there from the vape convention that was going on.  I thought the guy was crazy.  After finding out my bf's piece is an $80 CLONE? I'm in disbelief they could do that knowing we were looking forward to coming back and spending good money.  Super pricey, won't recommend it to anyone I know ever again.
5	I have gone to this Sin City Vapors since it opened and have never had any issues. In fact, I have always left extremely happy. The staff are all very knowledgeable and friendly. I have gone to a ton of vapor shops and I always come back to Sin City Vapors. When we were rookie vapors, they took time and had so much patience with us in finding just the right items we needed. They never made us feel silly. I am so glad that I found them because it helped both me and my husband quit smoking. I am a loyal customer. I also love the value and quality of the vape and the vast array of flavors.
5	Shannon and Ryan were so helpful in getting me set up with a Vapor to use in place of the current E-Cigs that I was wasting money on! Instead of $100.00 a month, it will now cost me about $20.00 a month!!! The products are great, they even make sure you absolutely know how to use the Vaporizer before leaving the store! I will definitely be going back to Sin City Vapor 4 on Tropicana to buy more oils and wicks! Keep up the fantastic job guys, you have a customer for life!!! Meghan C.
1	I stopped in here since I was out of juice and this place was closer to my house than where I usually go. I will never go back. The guy behind the counter was so busy visiting with his friend that he forgot he had an actual paying customer standing in front of him asking questions, I'll be making the longer drive to go get better service elsewhere. I was ready to throw down at least $100.00 or more on juice and instead I dropped a $20.00 and will be going back to where I can real customer service.
1	Do Not Go to this store.  I purchased juice and a new atomizer. The atomizer lasted for one fill before the thing broke off spilling juice all over. Took it back and they would not replace it, instead tried to sell  me a glass one for $23. Poor customer service and just lost a new customer.
5	I love this shop I have nothing bad to say about it, their specials are great, their juices are awesome! All in all this is my favorite local shop so far.
5	I found this shop because I am a member of a Facebook group for people who vape in LV.  Travis, the store manager, donated batteries to a projects that I am putting together for a friend in the hospital.Not only are their flavors great, but the two people that were working in the shop were very quick to help everybody who walked in the door in a timely fashion.I was hanging for a couple hours, and I saw nothing but great service... not to mention the FOUR donated batteries that run around $10 each that he gave me for my project.All of their mods are labeled.... whether they are clones and not... so I'm not sure how Michelle S had such a bad experience.  All of what this place sells is high quality clones or genuine items.... and they represent each correctly, and do not try to pass off a clone as a genuine.... as some shops I know of do.  They are also very good at rebuilding your atomizer for you.... as they have a wealth of knowledge and experience on the matter.Their juices are made of all natural flavoring and they are very particular about what goes into the juice, making sure that no chemicals that could be harmful in some artificial flavorings make it into their juices.... all ingredients are American made.... and fresh.They are willing to mix custom flavors at any nic levels....There really isn't anything negative I can say about them.... and I have been to some really crappy vape places, and some great ones.It seems like the people who may have had bad experiences were very isolated incidents.... unfortunate, but isolated.This is a great place to go for any of your needs.  It is very organized and clean, and they can help you out with anything you have going on.
1	(Update) This Sin City Vapor location is absolutely horrible. Because it is much closer to my house than the other location I use out in Henderson, I decided to give them another shot. Up until today, everything had been going fine with my routine visits for ejuice. Today, I came in to have them swap out a couple batteries for my Provari, that were no longer holding their charge. Keeping in mind that I bought my Provari from this specific Sin City Vapor location and was told when I purchased this that they DID in fact warranty these batteries (and had swapped them out for me when the previous batteries were no longer holding a charge) I was told today that their policy had changed and they have decided to no longer warranty them, because it wasn't cost effective. First of all, regardless of their decision to change policy, when you sell something to a customer and make a promise of service, you had better keep that promise and deliver on what you sold them. Secondly, this is just poor business. To treat a loyal customer this way, when they do in fact spend a lot of money with you, is unacceptable and the way you LOSE customers. I'm not asking for something free, not asking for a credit, I'm not even asking for something to be discounted! I'm asking and expecting that you honor something you sold to me when I purchased the Provari. I still have the original receipt showing the purchase and purchase date. As I PROMISED the guy in the store today, I'm leaving my 'negative' review to warn others of your poor business practices and will continue to write these reviews, until this is resolved. I will also be filing a complaint with the BBB, because this is unacceptable.
1	Horrible  customer service . Me and my girlfriend got a text from sin city vaporsIV on tropicana and 215. stating that we can get 3 bottles for 15$ on our next purchase. Excited and  Walked in the store and the guy (jeremy) did not know what we were talking about. We felt stupid that the company sends a text and we go out to the store to find out that it was false So we decided to leave AND upset Got in the car.  Decided to give a second chance. Had to call the other stores just to verify that the text was correct . All that could of been avoided if the employees was informed. The worst part was that jeremy was not even giving a shit about us when we came back asking if we needed any help or anything that might be a good choice or help us out with any juices . when we were done shopping we had to wait for him to get done talking before he helped us i asked for 2 peguses 2 magnifico and 2 snozberry. Great we were finally done. Got home and found out that he gave us two wrong fucking juices out of the six we bought . WTF!!!!!!!!! Total bad experience total bad customer service. Never going back. Would not recommend. Would have gave no stars but had to for the review.
