2	Beautiful place but HORRENDOUS SERVICE!Issues:1. did not have our reservation2. seated us in the worst place in the restaurant because they had other big reservations but managed to lose ours...3. Super slow and bad service4. Very, very limited menu5. Expensive for quality of food (meat was undercooked)6. Supposedly a tapas place?!? yeah....7. Ordered a brazilian coffee, was told the machine was broken, coffee mysteriously appeared in a cup, was luke warm and cup half full. Gross..Was then charged 7$ for that nasty coffee!!8. Was then told by the waiter that they had another reservation coming so we would have to give up our table... Unbelievable!9. Waiter poorly attempted to remedy the situation by offering us a shot10.Had to hunt down the waiter to get bill and then again later to pay it.This place is only passable, if you already happen to be in the area and are only there for a drink or 2, besides that, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY! -The only good things I have to say about this place is that the decor is lovely and the DJ (Eric Chorney) was outstanding-
5	great place. awesome ambiance. the servers were top knotch....not to mention the ladies that were coming in and out. Its something out of the movies. Somewhere I will be going back to for years to come for sure
4	Located in old Montreal, this place has a very nice athmosphere. It is trendy, young, and has great food and service. We went there on a Friday night and the DJ that was playing there was really good, mixing old and new songs.It is a tapas restaurant so we ordered several dishes:AAA filet mingnon with sauteed mushrooms - it was divine. The meat was cooked with perfection.Mini tuna burguer - not so "mini" actually. To me it was a full size burguer. It was light and very tasty.Goat cheese salad with pine nuts and strawberry vinagrette - very light and delicious salad, and the warm goat cheese really gave it a special touch.Manchego cheese and nut foundue - I guess I was expecting something different, but I was not very impressed. By the time I got to that dish, the cheese was hard and just didn't do anything for me.Overall I had a very good experience, and I would definitely go back to Santos.
3	Went on a Tuesday night and the place was virtually empty when we arrived. Montreal must have a later dinner crowd, because by the time we left around 10pm it was starting to fill up. Our waitress was new, so she couldn't help with a lot of recommendations as she hadn't tried much yet (other than try to upsell, which she did a lot). We had the salmon tartar, which was fantastic. Also had a bottle of La Crema pinot noir, which is now one of our favorites and we're hoping to find it at home. The space is very cool, and the music was great. Good spot.
3	You want Tapas people? You got it. I went on a Thursday night and it was not that busy. The music was blasting and I asked for a good local beer. Once I was brought a bottle called M (I assume it stood for Montreal) I was kind of let down. It tasted like feet. Ok, I'm not reviewing the beer, it just put a bit of a damper on things. Anyway, we ordered about six plates to share between two people and it wasn't bad. I guess I was hoping for a little better.  Basically, I'll come back, but I'll probably go somewhere else first.
4	To be honest, I want to go with 3 stars. For a tapas joint, the portions were pretty small. All of the food was good or great. My mojito made with maple syrup was awesome. Definitely one of my favorite drinks ever.But it was the poutine that put me over the top. Their poutine was some of the best poutine I had on my trip to Montreal.
4	I have to admit, there is absolutley  nothing bad i can say about this place. We got the goat cheese and spinach tapas. Delicious. We also got quesadillas. Honestly, they were more like fajitas. Usually when i order quesadillas, i expect cheese. These had tortillas, chicken, peppers with choices of sour cream, guacamole and salsa. Fajitas right? That's okay, because they were delicious. My husband got the ribs. They were a tab bit dry for our taste, but still great. The sangria is amazing,  nothing wrong with them and everything right. Our waiter was exceptional. I wish i could remember his name, but we gave him a great tip. Bigger than we've ever given. He was just that good.I would def go again.
3	Enough of sober time, I'm ready for more drinks so we check out this really swanky tapas bar called Santos in the area. For those of you who knew me in DC, you know that my license plate was named after the Flirtini, from which I earned the nicknamed following a relatively tame family event in a martini bar in uppity Connecticut. Naturally then, I would make my way towards the Fucktini which I tried at Santos. Let me break it down for y'all. Fucktini = Absinthe + Smirnoff + Red Bull, which appropriately tastes like ass. The place was really big and I hear it gets really packed but on that Sunday it was pretty dead. It's nicely decorated and there was some easy going jazz music. Overall, pretty chill place.
4	I am a finger food lover and that definitely includes tapas. Needless to say I did enjoy this place. I ordered their six vegetarian tapas and shared it with one other person. It was filling but we weren't stuffed. So about three tapas each is a good serving. All the food was delicious, my favourite was the nachos; my parters favourite was the rice and mushrooms in garlic butter. I should also point out that a meat-eating friend ate with us and noted that his fillet minon was very tender and delicious. His salad also came with fresh figs that impressed me. If you don't mind spending a little money, give this place a try. If you want to be on the conservative side, stick to the vegetarian options... They are a couple bucks cheaper.
2	If you have a big group with dudes and chicks, bottle service is required to get you thru that door to have fun. It's a small place to listen to drink and party. No dance floor to get your jiggy on but create your own. The boy's I have been there with have told me stories about girls heading to the boys washroom with them. IDK......... but overall it's fun but expensive.
1	My friend had her birthday at Santos and it was turned out to be the most DISAPPOINTING bar I've ever been too. We had called several times to ask if we could make a reservation and at what time we should arrive and it turned out that, following their suggestions, barely no one was able to enter. The staff members were NOT cooperative at all. Worst customer service experience. Turned out we had to move the birthday elsewhere and let's say that no one wants stress and drama on her birthday, right?I would NEVER recommend this place, ever.
2	I found my experience here underwhelming.  We ordered some sangria pitchers to get the night going but it was weak (almost like juice with a few drops of alcohol added).   The service was really bad.   There were large delays to get food and when it finally did arrive not everyone got what they ordered all at the same time (or within a reasonable amount of time).  Some had to wait a lot longer than others to get their tapas.  The food itself was decent.
4	This is one of my favorite bars on the planet. It is just damn HOT. This is a place you can bring a date. The ratio here on a typical weekday evening is pretty balanced if you get there early evening. I actually prefer that time over the post-11pm hour from Thurs-Sat when it opens up as a dance floor. The logistics aren't really conducive to meeting other patrons aside from the bar perhaps. The bartenders are famously attractive and they make terrific martinis.  The ambiance is quite lovely and the venue is on a narrow cobblestone street in the quaint Old Port area of the city, adjacent from the famous Hotel Nelligan.  I highly recommend one visits this place if you're looking for a sleek and sexy bar to enjoy a drink.
4	This is a hot spot...sometimes hard to go in for some but because it's always jammed...best thing to do is grab a table. I was so surprised that the tapas was really really good. Drinks are strong. I shared 5 different tapas with a friend and had an extra sour mojito and only paid $50 and tip was included. Guys might still be hungry but just for you to know, there's the table d'hote that is $35 but only offered for a group of 8 to 10 ppl and everyone at the table have to take the deal or they don't do it which that's the reason I didn't give them the 5 stars. I truly think for food it's more of a girlie place unless you're a guy who could eat really small portions of food and not starve afterwards! Hope this was helpful!
4	Santos specializes in Spanish Tapas (small plates). Staying true to form, the only wines they serve are Spanish. They also have the largest variety of mojitos I've ever seen. We shared the Blueberry-Lavender; Perfection.This being our second stop of the night, we shared an order or the grilled calamari. They hold a nice charcoal flavor and are simply treated with fresh lemon, lime, and a few other spices.
4	Went there pretty early in the evening; no crowds, no line ups, no waits. The food was great and the service even better!!! The standouts from what we had were the braised short rib which melts in your mouth (pic posted) and the seafood paella.
2	Went last august for my bachelorette party & it was terrible. A bunch of us ordered salmon tartar yet none of our plates had the same consistency. I was missing the crackers on mine for starters and the waiter was annoyed to have to go get them for me. The food was lacking any taste and the service was terrible. Def not going back to eat.
1	Went last night with a group of friends and the bouncers were a**holes with us. This isn't New York and you are not a high end club. Have some respect for your patrons, if they want to buy a bottle don't make them wait for 30 minutes while you let everyone and their mother in.
