5	First review of Vestique?! I'm honored! I finally stopped in yesterday after walking by the beautiful store front window a couple times before. I had actually met one of the ladies  beforehand who work in the store that had ventured here from Raleigh and she was great. She encouraged me to stop by the store to check out the clothes and told me that their price point was very affordable. (About $40 per dress.)And she was right! After sorting through 5 or 6 LARGE racks of dresses and tops, I purchased one long maxi, 2 shorter dress and a fun tank top. Total price? $160 after a 10% discount that was applied during Sidewalk Sale Saturday. I cannot wait to wear all my new duds! Their dresses are so bright, airy and precious for looking fabulous on a budget during the warmer months. You can also order items online if you don't feel like stopping by the store.The staff was friendly and the store was very clean. Vestique also had very cute jewelry (especially necklaces), purses and shoes. The only complaint that I would have would be that there are only two dressing rooms and there seems to be a little bit of a wait to try on clothing throughout the day. Other than that, I will definitely be back when I'm looking for a great summer dress to rock for a night on the town!
5	Vestique is a go to for on-trend clothing at an affordable price point. Everything in the store is under $100, many items for much less. The inventory is changed out regularly so there's tons of variety. You can get an entire outfit here, from dress to shoes to purse and accessories. On my first trip I got a neon yellow cross-body purse (which has already garnered no less than ten "where did you get that?!" comments) and a mint green top, $44 and $34 respectively. The store is bright and spacious, providing lots of browsing space for the good amount of foot traffic they've earned since opening less than a month ago. Good news spreads fast!
3	Although I left with two dresses in hand, Vestique could step up their game, and hopefully they will.They do have a great selection of pieces, lots of colors, but cotton is almost nonexistent. A lot of polyester blends keep the price points low (most dresses from $40 to $65) - and I guess the vast amount of cut-outs and backless options make up for the less than breathable fabrics in the summer heat. The customer service was awful. There were only two other customers in the store but one woman didn't get up from behind the counter the whole time I was in there (later learning she was posting on facebook), and another was milling around, but after a "hello" and one put a few of my dresses in a dressing room, I didn't hear a thing. I was trying on a ridiculous amount of dresses for over ten minutes, and not one person checked on me, not even a general "everyone doing okay?" towards the dressing rooms was asked. I didn't get another word from anyone unless I asked a question or I had my credit card out. I expect that at walmart, not at a new boutique in town. Affordable, cute accessories to go with your outfits, lots to look at, I'm sure I'll be back before the summer's over... I just hope the service improves.
3	One of life's most frustrating experiences is shopping for  (and with ) a middle school daughter.  She chose this as our destination.  Really, I was ready to open my wallet and just be done.  Too bad the sales staff was unhelpful and a little... rude.  I asked them, very pointedly, for help.  I knew my daughter would trust their opinion more than mine (and they were both wearing those mullet shirts --you know long in the back, short in the front-- and, well, that is just not a style I am able to work with, so I did not just want their help, I *needed* their help).  They nonchalantly pointed to a section of clothes that she "might" like.  I inquired about help with sizing, to which, again, I was met with no offer of help.  She tried on a few things but she was frustrated with sizing and I was annoyed, so we left, empty handed.To be sure, this is not my style of clothing, but I know there are some school friends that have picked up some cute clothes in here.  With all the options available in Charlotte, and when I am paying full-retail pricing (to be fair-- their retail pricing is affordable/reasonable, hence 3 stars), I expect better and more helpful service.  I opened my wallet somewhere else... where I got to sit and watch the salesgirls work their magic and help my daughter feel a little special.
5	Vestique is AWESOME. I found this website on Pinterest and was super excited when I saw how cute and affordable their dresses are; I knew having the website on-hand would come in handy one day and it certainly did! I ordered a cute little sundress for a late summer wedding. I was thrilled with the price - somewhere in the $30 range - and the dress actually ended up being cuter in real life than it was online. I was amazed at how quickly they shipped the dress - I really felt like they shipped it within minutes of me ordering it. Unfortunately, I ordered a size too big. Since the wedding was that weekend I decided to simply order a second dress in the right size so that I would be sure to have it for that weekend. I'm not even sure that's necessary - those girls are ON POINT with shipping items out and the return was fast and easy, too!  This place will absolutely be my new go-to for cute dresses and tops. Good customer service goes a long way with me, and this place certainly understands the benefit in providing above and beyond customer service.
3	Like a fancy Forever 21. Lots of trendy dresses, tops, bottoms and some accessories. Come for a cute maxi, sexy out going dress or a backless top with fringe. Yup they had a few of those. Prices are under $100 and they had a great sale going on when I stopped in. Most of the pieces felt like they may only last a season or so but that's ok because these pieces will be out of style by then. Super cute items that won't break the bank but may not be mainstays in your closet. Located in Dilworth not University City- not sure why it says that.
5	I stopped by Vestique after seeing a good hYOUman shirt I just had to have on their Instagram account.  The staff in the store was so helpful & greeted me as soon as I walked through the door! The boutique has a high-end feel, without the high-end prices.  Really cute, trendy pieces!
