5	The Body Shops products are absolutely the best products I have ever used. All of them. The makeup is of really good quality and does not cause any skin problems for me at all. The body butters are my favorite, they smell so good you'd think you could eat them (actually you can, they are all natural!). I have tried almost all of the skin care lines and I have not been disappointed once. They have a rewards card, that I believe does cost money, however, there are ways around it if you spend enough money in there, I have never paid for a renewal or the card itself in the beginning. EVERY TIME I go into the store to buy something I always walk out with something free. Either because I've reached a certain amount of points on my rewards card, or because they throw some samples in my bag. It may seem a little expensive, but it is definitely worth every penny. Some of the proceeds go to good causes as well!
5	I love the Body Shop. The body butters are the best. They are a little pricey but they are worth it and sometimes they have really great deals. I stay away from the face products as they seem to make my face break out. The staff are always there to help you out.
4	In general, love the Body Shop's body butters. This location is much cleaner and friendlier than the other location in town.
5	I've really grown to love the body shop this last year. All of the products I've tried have been great quality, smell awesome, and can almost always be found with some sort of promotion. Some of my personal favorites are the seaweed toner, the banana shampoo and conditioner and satsuma body butter...YUM! What makes the body shop even better is their customer service. I'm reviewing this for the Arrowhead location but I've also been to the PV mall location and both have been great experiences. The employees there are so helpful without being overbearing. If you have questions they try to help you and always seem to try to find you the best deals possible instead of pushing product that you don't want. I always check back to see what kind of promotions they have going on and try to stock up (this helps if you buy a lot at once and can get their love your body card for free which is what I did). I even got $10 free towards product on my birthday month and they even called me to remind me to use it! I've invested a lot of money into their products and will continue to do so!
5	LOVED the experience I had here today. All of the girls on staff were lovely and answered all of the questions I had. Super friendly, clean, well organized store will definitely be back!
5	The Body Shop is literally what I use now because it helped me cure my skin problems with the Tea Tree Body Oil.  I'm brand new in town and I found this body shop in the Arrowhead Towne Center.  Shoutout to the manager there (I believe her name was Vanessa?) She did a fantastic job and was such a nice person.  She was so helpful as well. LOVE BODY SHOP! :)
