5	Why did I wait seven years before trying a drive through cleaner? The concept is brilliant! As a regular of Valley Cheese and Wine, I often eyeballed this place and considered dropping off the crumpled up suits that I had crammed into the trunk of my car. Yet I always returned to the old frustrating, time consuming, relatively expensive service offered a la Albertsons.What threw me over the edge and into Village East was my three silk shirts. All of them had grease stains around the belly area (Am I a slob?). I spent half a day researching stain removal techniques only to determine a professional cleaner was my best bet.I rolled in at 7:45 am on a Monday. Another customer was parked next to me. An attendant popped out, grabbed the shirts from my backseat, wrote down my information. I was out of there by 7:50. Not even enough time to do my makeup in the car! All subsequent visits take less time than I expect. I love it when things happen quicker than I think they should.To me, the best dry cleaner is fast, reliable, convenient and keeps track of your dress belts. I highly recommend Village East!
2	I'm sad to write a bad review for this place because I believe they are locally owned but we have given them so many chances and they keep failing. They have had to write us numerous checks for reimbursement because they lose items (over $1,000 not kidding) Even after losing several items, we gave them three more chances and they still disappointed. The drive through is great and the girls are sweet and know us but if we didn't take pictures of each and every item we dropped off, we would have never known how many items they weren't returning. A shame. It's very convenient also because it's right across the street from our home but we rather drive farther than go back.
5	Great service! They saved the day with a last-minute dry cleaning and laundering job before a big trip I had. Absolutely recommend.
4	The grass is green, the sky is blue and I am short.  Just the facts of life! So whenever I buy new pants, I always need them shortened.I have used Village East Alterations since we moved here and they have done a fantastic job.  I always pin them to the length I need before taking them in.   The lady here who does the alterations is very friendly and always knows exactly what I want.   She matches the exact thread to any type of stitching already on the jeans or pants.  That makes me very very happy.She usually has me pick them up about a week after drop off.   Completely fine and they are perfect.   I have had no issues with any clothing altered here.  They are great!
5	The main alterations person, Angie, is amazing. She is also super sweet, easy to work with, and really cares that my items are 100% perfect (and I am super picky). I will continue to take my items there because she works magic on them! I posted a picture of the before and after of my white, floral dress that she basically reconstructed for my anniversary dinner. She changed like 8 things (straight to sweetheart neckline, straight to tulip bottom, took of 3-4 inches off the bottom, sewed in bra pads so I didn't have to wear a bra, etc.) about the dress to make it 100% tailored to me. I couldn't be happier with the final product - thanks, Angie! :)
