5	Mojave AC is a reliable and fast company. My air was going out in the middle of May right as it started to get HOT! Mojave AC came out to look at it and gave us recommendations on what needed to be done. They gave us a better quote than any of the other competitors.  Thank you Mojave Air, I will refer all my friends to you.
5	My a/c went out after 5pm on a Friday night and I was a little scared that I wouldn't be able to find anyone to come out and fix it until the following day, and it was HOT outside. (Typical Vegas summer day).  Josh at Mojave Air Conditioning came out within 20 minutes, diagnosed the problem and was able to get it up and running fast! One of my air ducts had collapsed in the attic and the a/c was frozen over. That evening it was fixed and the charge was minimal especially since he came out at the last minute! Josh was very nice and professional. I would recommend his business to everyone.
5	My a/c went out at 9 pm at night. I texted Josh thinking I would schedule something for the next morning. He responded and was there within the hour. A/c was fixed shortly after. I have used Josh on another occasion and it was the same fast, honest service. You won't find a better a/c service in Las Vegas. I highly recommend him!
5	Josh arrived within one hour of my call for service. Within 5 hours my a/c unit had been replaced & was up & running. Josh is not only knowledgeable, but also has a genuine passion for the service that he provides...he gets excited when talking about the capacity of the various units. Now (the off season) is a good time to make that move if you need a new unit. He also honored my military service. Would definitely recommend!
5	Mojave Air conditioning is awesome!  Integrity and service, what a noble idea.  It seems that A/C companies in Las Vegas are more concerned with a sizable bill rather than taking care of their customers and their needs.  If you are looking for a company that won't replace things that don't need it and is more concerned with keeping your heating and cooling system working and reliable, call Mojave.  This company is the BEST!
5	Josh was great! Very honest and straight forward. I will for sure be using his services again! Thanks Yelp!
