4	Had lunch here on Sunday of last weekend. My companion and I were only one of 3 sets of diners but that could be down to the restaurant not being well known. Given the quality of the food and the friendly service that state of affairs could well change so I'd suggest you head along as soon as you can before things get too busy. We shared the 8 course fish menu and although I've no idea what any of the dishes were the presentation was very attractive and there was no more delay between courses than you'd averagely expect. Our waitress was very attentive and overall it was a very pleasant dining experience which I'll happily repeat as the rest of the dishes on the menu look equally appetising.
3	At last I've finally got round to trying out Rice Terraces! The service is great - our waiter was really friendly. We shared the breadcrumbed gambas (prawns) and vegetable lumpia - the prawns were nice, but neither dish had a lot of flavour. Had me wishing I had gone for the fresh mackerel instead, but that can wait for another visit. Because the boy didn't like the fish kamayan menu and I don't eat meat, we didn't try it this time round, but it will be on the list to try for next time to. Instead, he tucked into barbeque pork, which surprised him by the lack of sauce while I pushed out my sensory boat by opting for bitter melon and prawns. Note to self: now you've tried bitter melon, you never ever ever ever have to eat that again - never has a vegetable (or fruit) been more aptly named. Sadly after trying it, it seemed to mask the flavour of the rest of the dish, so I didn't particularly enjoy my meal, although the bamboo rice that we shared was tasty. For dessert, the boy tried out the jackfruit and banana pancake while I tucked into a surprisingly fruity leche flan. Yum!  So in all honesty, I wasn't superwon over with my Filipino  restaurant experience, but I think it was through the choice of dish more than anything, so as I've mentioned already, we will go back to try some more before I fully make up my mind.
4	My mom is from the Philippines and when people find this out they sometimes ask what Filipino food is like. I always say that it's a mish-mash of Spanish, American, and Chinese/Thai and that is absolutely delicious. Sweet and sometimes spicy and there's a tang to it! I first came to this restaurant last August when my sister was over visiting.  I had missed my mom's cooking and felt a little home sick so we decided heading to a Filipino restaurant would satisfy my craving.  I invited two friends who had never had Filipino food but were interested and eager to see what all the fuss (me complaining how much I missed pancit, pan de sal, and adobo) was all about.  It was amazing. I was in heaven. It was like my own mother was cooking for me. I went again about a month ago for my friend's birthday.  Her boyfriend had never tried Filipino food but was very keen.  Again we were very pleased with the food. If you are with group of at least four then I suggest you opt for the 'Kamayan' style dining option.  It's customary in the Philippines to eat with your hands so they provide each diner with a little bowl with warm water and lemon juice to rinse your hands between courses.  Alternatively, you can ask for cutlery (but there's not fun in that!). The starter we received was a mix of pork and chicken skewers and lumpia (which are like mini spring rolls filled with pork and veges). The next course was a chicken and ginger soup. Note that the chicken still had bones in it.  We had a variety of the mains.  My friend's boyfriend really enjoyed the lechon (roasted pork).  For dessert, we decided to try all four (aside from the ice cream and halo halo). The bibingka which is made from cassava root was very tasty as well as the leche flan (caramel/condensed milk) and the turon (friend banana). Note we asked to switch some of the items on the set menu with some on the a la carte menu and they happily obliged. The best part of the meal was the service. I think it's part of the Filipino mentality but we were definitely impressed (both times!). What I understand is that it is a small family that runs the restaurant and on both occasions the son was our server. He went above and beyond what's expected and provided excellent knowledge and advice on everything we ate. It's a fun and delicious dining experience. If you are curious to taste what Filipino food is like then I highly suggest you try it out.
5	A hidden gem that I would easily classify as one of the best places in Edinburgh for a casual, friendly and quiet dinner.Pros: very tasty food, appetizing food presentation, homy ambience, friendly and attentive waiters, one of the best value for money places I know.Cons: mostly fried food, poor dessert selection, average decoration.Comparison: As good as Indaba (but cheaper). Better than Kampong Ah Lee, Kismot or Mosque kitchen.Highly recommended!
