4	The Cosmopolitan might be the new kid on the block but they're setting the standard for legit entertainment in a city that has no music scene and whose entertainment managers/directors only welcome acts they can majorly capitalize off of aka washed up popular acts whose top 40 days are numbered. The Cosmo has done a great job of reaching into the music scene and pulling out quality acts that may not be top 40, but are tried and true and put on crazy good shows. The first thing you should know about The Chelsea/Cosmo is that tickets to these shows can't be bought through Ticketmaster, so everyone else can take their entertainment tax and other highly ridiculous fees and shove it you know where. If there is a fee attached to the ticket price it is very minimal and probably covers a processing or shipping cost. They have some kinks to work out of their online ticketing system, but the problems I had purchasing tickets to The Strokes were resolved quickly and graciously. Saw the Black Keys here and am so happy that the Cosmo snapped them up to play at The Chelsea. I saw them the night Big Boi opened and wow, both blew the roof off the place. The acoustics were great and the space was large and accommodating. There were about 8 bars throughout but only one that I knew of took cards so fast pass yourself by bringing cash. Drinks were standard casino prices, but the bartenders were friendly and worked fast. I knocked one star off for location as finding the Chelsea is comparable to a treasure hunt, the prize being an epic show, but still kind of a pain to locate. I'm hesitant to knock another star off for the bathroom situation which was also like a treasure hunt, but this time the prize is you don't pee your pants in front of strangers. There are no bathrooms inside of the venue which means you have to go outside to the pool where the closest bathroom is a singular handicap accessible bathroom. You have to search for the other two which both had about 10 stalls each. It would help to have more staff around yo redirect people to the other further away bathroom so people aren't waiting in line forever. The bathrooms however were very clean and was in line with the Cosmo's tradition of aesthetic friendliness.   One upside to the bathroom treasure hunt was getting to see the pool area where more concerts will be held this coming spring/summer, so if anything, you got to scout the place while trying to look for the bathroom and the pool is a nice looking space. Also, I believe the show was being broadcast live at the pool so even if you couldn't get tickets you could still enjoy from afar which I thought was great!I was pleasantly surprised at how smooth the process was checking in, getting a wristband, etc. Because this is a brand new venue I was expecting the worst, but again the Cosmo has the right people in place when it came to mapping everything out because this venue could've easily let this fall through the cracks but they didn't and it made ALL the difference. There are venues in town that have been around for ages and still don't have it right. Another positive to me was that the floor of The Chelsea is carpeted and almost felt like it had some give, so after dancing nonstop for about 3 hours, I didn't feel the old lady pains in my legs and back that I usually do. That probably  shouldn't  factor into my review but it just made the night that much better to me!My obsession with the Cosmo was only intensified by my experience at The Chelsea and I'm SO looking forward to The Strokes next month and many, many more concerts to come!
4	I hope that The Cosmopolitan keeps doin what they do, cause they are doin something right!First, they are booking awesome bands to play there.  Second, The Chelsea is a great place to see them!The Chelsea is located in BFE, err the 4th floor in The Cosmopolitan.  It was a trek to get there, but we made it!  They have plenty of customer service there to help you.  You get right in, with no problems.  Everything is very well organized!We saw The Black Keys, with Big Boi opening.  We got there while Big Boi was on stage and made our way over to the bar.  (I think there a few bars in the actual ballroom)  For like 4 drinks, I think it came to something like $40.  So, $10/drink... one corona, two vodka cranberries and a whiskey sour.  Really?  Whatevs.There is general admission, which is on a carpet floor in front of the stage.  Behind that, is what looks like bleachers set up with seats.  So glad that we opted for General Admission instead of those seats.  Note: the floor was moving like crazy when The Black Keys started.  So if that freaks you out- get used to it! One downside- it was hotter than HELL in this place!  Everyone was drenched in sweat.  I felt and looked like I just ran a marathon.  Totally inappropriate.  But Big Boi and The Black Keys fucking rocked it out HARD last night.  The sound is GREAT in this place and they have two large TVs, one on each side of the stage, so you can see all of the details.I'll be going back there in a few months to see Mumford & Sons and MAYBE The Strokes! :)
4	Returned to The Chelsea to see The Strokes (excellent) and the bathroom situation has partially been resolved as the indoor bathrooms were now available for use. I'm assuming they were under construction  when the Black Keys played. There were only about 10 stalls which was problematic considering the Chelsea can hold what, close to 1500 people (let's assume half of those are girls)? There was a private party apparently going on at the pool, so that may have been why access to the pool bathrooms were denied and I'm hoping that was just a one time thing because let's be honest, the bathroom is a serious issue when it comes to concert venues because not only is everyone trying to go at the same time but because a good majority of these folks are at varying stages of intoxication. Also the re-entry process was confusing as they were ushering people out in the same lane as they were ushering them in so that process could be refined a little better, but overall still a great experience!Also, I realize how bizarre it is for me to be hyper-focused on the bathroom situation, but as a seasoned concert-goer these things are important!
4	The thing about the Chelsea is it is incredibly difficult to find. Up two escalators, down a long hall, find yourself in some random room, then up another escalator and at last you have arrived. I wish that were an exaggeration. . .Overall the place is pretty nice. It is in fact a ballroom turned into a venue but it works. Drinks were on the pricey side which is expected. However, there are an abundance of bars which made it quick and easy to get drinks. Something I don't usually encounter at a show. As far as I know, all the bars are cash only so heads up. The overall sound was ok, it could be better. The restroom situation has been fixed.Unlike most of the reviewers so far, I had a seat. I was actually very pleased. As long as you are in the first 10 rows (A-J) I think you can see fine. I was in row F and my view was great. I actually think I prefer it over GA because unless you are in the very front I think you'd be struggling to see (unless you're tall). Btw, once the show started, nobody was sitting. We were all too busy rockin' out to the strokes.I'd definitely return to this venue.
4	Amazing, so much fun. The beer lines were long but I had such a wonderful experience both times. I went to 2 Black Keys shows in February. The lines were efficient and the stage was pretty awesome, I had a great view everywhere!  I stood on general admission the first night, then had seats the second night..The seats are a bit further back, but it is nice to not strain to see over the person in front of you.  I stayed at the hotel so just was able to have direct access from the hotel elevator on the 4th floor and not deal with going through the escalator/lobby with the hordes of other people.Another great aspect is when you purchase tickets through the Cosmopolitan there is no service charge. so what the price is, is what you pay. Novel concept, I know.  I would definitely go see a concert here again if I had the chance.
1	Shame on the Cosmopolitan Hotel for overselling the Adele concert last Saturday (August 20th) that it ALMOST ruined the experience of Adele.  I had a General Admission ticket for a concert where doors opened at 8:30.  I arrived at 5 PM and waited in line for hours so that I could have a chance of having a prime spot- front and center.  Little did I know that "VIP tickets" were sold giving holders access to that prime spot.  If I would have known those were available, I would have shelled the extra money because I don't like to wait in line for hours on end. We were let in at 8 PM and I, along with other cray Adele fans,  ran to find my perfect spot.  I was about 3 rows of people back.  Not bad. And I had a great view in between the heads of 2 tall people in front of me. But once it started to fill up, claustrophobia began to set in.  We were packed tighter than a can of sardines.   But, what made it worse was the fact that there were "VIP ticket holders" who had just arrived and there was no space left in front of the stage.  Security actually tried to tell us to take 2 steps back.  Are you kidding me?!?!?!  It's a million degrees, we are sweating, and packed so tight- where do you expect us to move?  I closed my eyes and TRIED to take deep breaths because fresh air was limited at my low altitude level- while being pushed and shoved left and right, front and back.  I had to keep telling myself it would be all worth it once Adele performed.  And it was.... for a while at least.  Adele was amazing when she finally came on at 10:30 PM.  So after standing (since 5 PM), I almost passed out 45 minutes into Adele's set and just had to get out of there.  Unfortunately, it took me FOREVER to get to the exit door to get fresh air because it was so crammed in there.  A definite FIRE HAZARD.  In fact, a few people had to leave because they were feeling faint.  When I finally got out, I knew that it would be a b*tch to get back in so I left early instead.  (At least i was able to avoid the flood of people exiting).  I have learned my lesson- NEVER AGAIN will I purchase a General Admission ticket at the Chelsea.  I'll pay for the bleacher seats and bring binoculars instead.
4	I'll start by saying the one and only thing I didn't like about The Chelsea: the fact that seating for Adele's concert was behind the general admission, which was standing. C'mon; I wanna be as close as possible to the stage as can be!Then again, once the thousands of people began filling up the front, I was thankful to have a seat and my own personal space. It was paaaaacked down there and I would've been super irritated if I was getting pushed and shoved...AND I'm tiny...could u imagine?Once the Adele show started, everything was right in the world again.I'm just thankful that Cosmo was able to get her to Vegas considering we weren't included in her original tour dates.
3	I saw deadmau5 here.  This review has nothing to do with his great performance and how I felt like I was watching a concert on planet Mars.  Is this really a ballroom? It seems like just a bunch of meeting halls combined into one large area.  I thought I was at a crazy wedding reception instead.  Hammerstein in NYC...THERE's a ballroom.    At least there weren't a shortage of bars.  They were lined up in back of the venue and there were at least 4 bars in the outer area which basically was the smoking/sitting area.  $10 for run of the mill beer is stupid.  I can go downstairs to Book & Stage and get a Chimay for $7.  Do that.
2	Let me say this. This venue is not a music venue. This is a ballroom. One you would use for wedding. I loved Adele but hated this venue. It was hour, crowded. It took 30 minutes to get in and after going to the other side learned there was only 1 bathroom on the other side. Book and stage and the pool are so much better venues at Cosmo
3	Not my favorite music venue.I came here to see Deadmau5. The place just looks like some big convention center. There's nothing special to the layout at all. It's pretty much just one giant rectangle with chandeliers on the ceiling that are turned off during the concert. The VIP area is just a small, crowded platform on the side with some couches which I don't think would be worth the extra money considering.The back of the venue is lined with small bars where you can pay $10 for a beer. At least they let you go in and out, so I suggest leaving and having a drink elsewhere before the show starts. In our case, we got there at about 9:30 (doors opened at 9pm) only to find out that Deadmou5 wouldn't be playing til' MIDNIGHT. So what did we do? We left, hopped in our car, and went to Max Brenner for their nightly happy hour. It was a Friday night and there was absolutely no wait, but I'll leave that for another review. We came back with about 10 minutes to spare before Deadmou5 got on stage. I can't imagine actually standing there for 3 hours waiting. As for the show itself. The effects were AMAZING. The booth that Deadmou5 was spinning on went from being a 3d moving rubix cube to anything that matched with the background. I suggest watching from afar though, because the front half of the ballroom was really crowded with a bunch of sweaty people with rolling eyeballs.All in all, this place is okay. I'm not really a fan of the venue, but the effects make up for it.
4	I attended The Strokes show a few months ago and i have to say The Chelsea Ballroom is a good venue, not too big and not too small to enjoy a show.Since it is a Ballroom, the restrooms are outside the ballroom and away from the main corridor, bad if you really need to go, but not the worst.The GA area is huge, and you have your own bars on either side of the venue, the reserved seating is a temporary seat/bench seating, the farther you are away from the stage the higher you will be and close to the ceiling.The sound is great, first rate, and what you expect when at a music show.I enjoyed it and had a good time, it is located on the upper floors away from the casino but it does tend to get crowded to and from the ballroom to the casino.So if you have the chance to check out one of your favorite bands/groups then do yourself a favor and go for it.Later
3	Saw Morrissey here. Some physical layout issues hamper access, but once you make your way up to the Chelsea Ballroom, things can be pretty good. Getting there (with your tickets) is a challenge. Bring some comfy shoes, cause you'll need them. I think that probably applies to the http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/ itself, too. Long hallways, different elevator banks, a bit of confusion. Plus, WILL CALL tickets are to be picked up back on the FIRST FLOOR, FYI, near one of the bars. Makes no sense -- and we didn't know this ahead of time, either. Then, there is ONE place for bathrooms for the Chelsea Ballroom, and it's pretty much where you enter the check-in area. This is not that close to the Ballroom. Woe to the soul who treks off in the middle of a show to visit the loo, as you will no doubt miss some highlights. What seems like three blocks away for restrooms is a big reason for three stars.The room itself, and the show itself came off great. The sound is excellent, clear and clean. Maybe it's from where we were standing, and is likely also due to the mix-master of this particular show, but it did sound, and look, what I would hope for.Would definitely see other shows here. I would just not consume any liquids for 3 hours beforehand!
4	Huge carpeted ballroom. Was at the Morrissey show 11/2011. Show was GA standing room only but there was plenty of room to stand either packed in the crowd by the stage or with tons of space about by the sound boards. Plenty of bars lining each side to get a drink. Acoustics were pretty good - much better than those cinder block walled clubs. Be sure to check your event as I'm sure the venue mixes up it's seating arrangement per show.FYI - Will call tickets are to be picked up on the 1st floor in a hall before the Queue Bar or a hall behind the bar. (I think that was the plan behind the bar - have you chill there before heading to the club or ballroom but a bit of a pain.)
4	I saw Adele and The Black Keys preform here. Yes, its a nice venue but I just can't believe they put the actual seats behind GA. So when I was looking at seats I settled with GA. You are closer to the stage that way. Its a typical ballroom, with nice carpet.
1	Just saw Red Hot Chili Peppers on NYE...I've been to tons of concerts and this is one of the worst venues I have ever seen a show at. How hard is it to build the stage 5 or 6 feet higher so people can see the band? Ridiculous. One flat hall with horrible sight lines. Bands should avoid this placeif they care about their fans.If you get there REALLY early and stake out a spot in the first ten rows, you can see something. Other than that, prepare to watch the screens all night.Oh, and I forgot to mention, there was a nasty fight right near us and security was no where to be found. The crowd had to break it up.
3	I saw The Killers here on December 29 - the Killers themselves? Religious experience. That's how amazing they are.It was an all GA show and the stage is on the wall at the far end of the room. While it was really easy to queue and get into the venue, it was REALLY hard to see. Most GA venues I've been in have had the stage raised higher so you can actually see the band. We were about 30 feet from the stage and I'm 5' 10" and could barely see through the crowd to the stage. They have big video monitors on the right and left which was convenient otherwise I'd just have to take the staff's word for it that it was the Killers. Coolest part? As soon as people start jumping, the floor starts moving. Even if you didn't want to jump, you will be. This place for a conference? A dream. It's gorgeous. A GA rock show? Not the best... but at least warmer than the pool for a New Years weekend show in Vegas :)
1	This is not a concert hall.  This is a ballroom.  I will not attend another concert there.
1	Saw RHCP on NYE.  I've seen them twice before.  Came all the way from Philly just for this.  What a mistake.  Knew it was all GA seating, so since i'm short, sat in line for 5 hours so I could get close (56 people in front of me in line). Wound up in 4th row because they end up cattle-shooting everyone and then all the crazies ran into the room.  I was lucky enough to be around some of the rudest people I've ever seen...pushing and shoving to get closer.  Ridiculous.  Then we got to stare at a DJ for 3 hours. Who's brilliant idea was this? Two guys from the back tried to bulldoze their way to the front, causing a crushing surge in the crowd...I'm tiny and it was pretty scary.  Security did NOTHING.  After that, moved to the side which was better, but had to watch the screens the rest of the night because the 4 foot stage was impossible to see. Not a good venue at all. Terrible views (even up close if you're short), terrible security.
1	This venue is terrible! Security would continuously force out people that were trying to get in line early. At one point a few ladies were hiding out in a near by restroom in order to keep from being thrown out until security caught on and made them leave. When tickets are general admission, those that show up early often do so in order to be as close as possible to the stage, but the staff here highly opposes that practice. People holding Vip tickets ended up going first. There were a few audio glitches and I paid $5 for a CUP of water. I really wish bands would stop doing shows here.
1	OH MY GOD THIS PLACE IS THE WORST.That's the short end of it.  Here's the long end of it:I had the displeasure of visiting The Chelsea twice at the end of December for back-to-back Killers concerts.  Each night was a nightmare for different reasons.  I'll try to keep it simple.1. The first night, they decided to not keep the air on an appropriate level for a giant group of people.  To sum it up, two girls behind me passed out and a guy threw up before the band even came on.  No one wanted to move because we were so hot, and therefore, the band thought we were disinterested.  I almost left because I thought I was going to pass out as well.2.  A fight broke out right in the front by the barrier and right where a line of security guards were standing.  The security guards just stood there and watched the fight.  The band had to stop playing during the middle of a song and tell the security guards to break it up.  3.  The second day, people had arrived early to get in line.  We were not allowed to wait in front of The Chelsea which is on the fourth floor and away from the rest of the casino.  Instead, security had everyone wait on the floor below The Chelsea in a giant group, not being allowed to form any sort of line.  (If we formed our own line they told us they would break it up). At five p.m., security had us all (the giant mob of people) running up escalators, pushing past each other, trying to get a spot in line by The Chelsea.  I'm still shocked no one was trampled (we are talking a couple hundred people).  Imagine the liability if someone was seriously hurt.  This was security's brilliant idea to deal with fans??  Who hired these people???  Not only was it dangerous, but it wasn't fair to the people that had been waiting for hours to wind up behind someone who just showed up. UNBELIEVABLE. 4.  Even if you manage to put up a fight in The Hunger Games and get a good spot in line, don't expect to be at the barrier in front of the stage.  The Cosmopolitan sells "VIP" tickets for an extra charge.  Looking at Ticketmaster, it seemed as though VIP had a special section off to the side with their own bar to use.  I guess that's what I get for assuming.  Heads up - if there is a band you really want to be up front for, make sure you purchase a VIP ticket.  The VIPs all get to go in The Chelsea before General Admission and take up the whole front of the venue.  And I'm talking people who are rich and don't give a shit about the music and are just there for something to do.  Nothing like having 200 of these people in front of you after you've been in line all day.5.  A half bottle of water costs $5.  Perhaps this is why the air conditioner isn't turned on? Large profit margins much?6.  While people are jumping to the music, if you stand still, you will feel the ground shaking out of control.  I'm surprised people have not fallen through the floor of this place yet.This is a ballroom that was hastily turned into a music venue so The Cosmo could cash in.  I would only recommend my worst enemies to go see a concert there.  Be prepared for stress on various levels if you choose to see a show here.From what I understand, they are building an actual music venue (also to be called The Chelsea) that should be opened up later this year.  I pray to God they make it right.  I also pray their security goes through some training in the meantime.FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL.  Negative 3 billion stars.
1	This is by far the worst venue I have ever attended a concert at.Saw ZBB on Saturday, which is the only reason I  give this place one star, Plus they wont let me zero stars.As the other reviews have stated, there is zero organization. The tickets stated 7pm show.. no that is when they decided to let this snaking around the top 4th floor line start to go into a ballroom.  People were cutting in line, everyone was confused and the staff just kept looking at the floor hoping no one would notice them.Be aware.. there is one (1) bathroom for this place.. and to use it.. you have to go outside.. get your ticket scanned .. use it.. then get re-scanned back in.  The only employee who was helpful was the bartender, a younger guy.. very nice.. I went back to get a water for myself from him and tipped him.. so here are the prices.. $14 for a mixed drink, the do use premium booze, $11 for wine, $10 for beer and $5 for soda/water.  So after 1 soda for my wife and a water for me and 2 bucks tip.. $12 dollars for them.. which would be about $11 in profit.People push in front of you without a clue as to how rude they are.. it was hot up front and the sound was SOOO loud it screeched though your body.Had I known there was an opening act, not listed on tickets or any website, I could have shown up at 9pm and still caught ZBB in plenty of time.I will never see another show in this location... I will wait for them to go somewhere else or just not go.
1	Went to the Zac Brown Concert, the music was incredible the venue sucked! Poor direction from staff, crowded, no bathrooms near by, worst place to see a concert in Las Vegas
1	If I could, I'd give it no stars. This is a review of the VENUE and is in no way a review of the RHCP performance on New Year's Eve 2013. This is not a concert venue. This is 3, maybe 4 conference rooms / wedding reception halls combined to make one giant space. If you are not in the first 5 rows you will not see anything but the backs of everyone's head. The Cosmopolitan billed this concert as a "dynamic concert that will change your views on luxury, live performances and the way you celebrate New Year's Eve". Luxury? There were so many fights that people were bleeding right next to me. Where is the luxury in that? I had very little view of the live performance. And I have never celebrated or wish to celebrate an NYE like that again. I have felt more safe on the strip than in this over crowded room.  I have lived here for 11 years and I rarely miss a performance from any band I love. I've seen shows in almost every venue and this doesn't even qualify as a venue. An indie band can totally get away performing in this room, but an epic band like RHCP on an epic night like NYE, deserves so much more. I wasn't impressed.
1	Well the grand opening of the Bruno Mars performance at the Chelsea wasn't so grand. Bruno Mars was excellent though the concert started 1 hour late.  The problem is the venue and the logistics associated with it.  The ticket stated the concert started at 9 pm but come to find out upon arrival that was when the door opened.  A very long line developed and with a late starting concert as well, most everyone waited 2-3 hours for an 1 1/4 hr show.  In addition, they really pack people in on the floor....and this floor really moves and feels unsafe. This venue is on the third floor.  I am surprised we didn't end up on the ground floor.  Compared to other smaller venues in Vegas...this one ranks low.  I am not looking forward to going back unless management learns how to throw events.
1	Went to see Bruno Mars opening concert. He gave a great performance but this venue sucks and the way they handled getting everyone into the show was really bad. We paid $900 for two tickets to stand in line for over an hour and a half before we even entered the ballroom and then stood all night. The show started an hour late. Or maybe it started on time and the venue mishandled the crowd as to the real show time. This review in no way reflects Bruno's performance. He is really talented and I would go see him again but only at a different venue which treats its customers in an acceptable manner. Whoever is in charge of this place needs to be replaced and someone who knows how to manage a concert should be hired ASAP before you ruin your reputation for concerts. I have attended numerous big name concerts across the country for the past 20 years and have never experienced anything like this. I don't mind paying for quality entertainment and service, I just hate being treated with zero customer service; hence my review,
