5	It's one of life's axioms. People love cool. But not everyone can be cool. You know why?Because they can't afford cool. Cool takes money.Cool is a way of life. An attitude...one synonymous with bank, explaining why most will probably never attain the level of cool needed to:* Skirt long lines at clubs, festivals, and sporting events.* Get away with saying stupid shit like " Oh shut-up Jessica...how would YOU know   if Jason's tool was small or not with that whale vagina of yours."  [Jessica; hurt   but giggling]* Routinely ignore FB friend requests. (because that's what the cool do)Well if you aspire to this level of cool, there's one sure-fire path to find it...Sunglasses.Yes, with the right pair of shades, you'll rise to an entirely new level of cool, almost bordering on asshole even...allowing you to routinely fuck-over those superficial friends of yours at will.All thiswhile they secretly hate you, but  wish they WERE you.You'll need about a stack and a half for a good pair, like Chrome Hearts, or, for five or six hundo you can get a good pair of Matsuda's. Both guaranteed to release the kracken-mean-girl-bitch within, allowing you to say and do almost anything you want and get away with it.Note: This level of cool can be dangerous, especially if you've never experienced it before. For this reason, it's probably best to be selective when choosing whom to fuck-over. For example;A childhood besty who knows about the time you dry-humped the entire produce bin of your parent's fridge, pretending they were JT's business as Bye Bye Bye bumped loudly in the background, probably shouldn't make your top five list.
2	The woman sales rep who helped us buy over $1,500 in glasses a few months ago was very nice and helpful.  However, when one of the new glasses (an $800+ pair) lens recently popped out, customers should realize that after 30 days there is no return policy.  You would think at a high-end store like this, that they would care about you a tad bit more than the "that's and easy fix.....here just let me put a screw in that" response.So this is just a general rating and tip - would have expected a replacement pair, or store credit, or maybe even a free lunch card for having to bring in a pair of glasses for repair that I HAVE ONLY WORE THREE OR FOUR TIMES.  I will steer clear from this place next time around.
