4	I came here on an off-night, so it was a little quiet. Everyone was friendly - staff and other guests. I drank tap beer and appetizers, which really isn't a challenge. They do hospitality night every night (I think), have an off-track betting lounge, lots of TVs for sports, Buzztime trivia (the reason I was there), and a patio. It's a nice, neighborhood bar. Probably a good spot for happy hour.
5	Everything a good sports bar should be.Plenary of tvs with everything on from NBA, UFC horse racing to sailing. All the pub food. Juicy burgers with peppery crispy bacon served with crisp fries. Wings by the pound.
3	Great little neighborhood bar and grill.  Not your typical Scottsdale place, but kind of down-home, laid back, friendly people and staff.  They even have an off track betting area.  Lots of TV's for the sports minded, and an outside sitting area.  Typical bar food - but maybe a little better than your average.This is a great place to just kind of mellow out and watch your favorite sports team.
5	Excellent food. I eat here regularly and the tots and french dip with the jalapeno cream cheese is to die for!! the staff is very friendly and you are taken very good care of without them being overbearing. All the burgers and the mexican food they serve is just as good. Eat there and youll be glad you did.
5	Absolutely love this place! We go at least 3 times a month. Great food; wings are amazing! Big and meaty, the best wings you'll find! When I can stray away from the wings, the other food is great too; great burgers, chicken strips, enchiladas, Thai chicken pita, so many great options! Staff is fantastic and friendly! This place is a hidden sports bar gem!
4	My husband has been coming here since it first opened as Brennan's in the 80's specifically to eat the hot sauce.  Thankfully when the new owners took over they kept the recipe and my husband can still get this childhood obsession.  We go here Sundays for football and they are very good about making sure everyone gets to see the games they want and the service is attentive.  I would definitely recommend it for watching a game and having some tasty bar food.
4	They offer great happy hour specials and a great selection of food to select from. Taco Tuesday ROCKS! Friendly staff and very casual laid back little neighborhood place to take the whole family to.
4	My boyfriend and I eat here about once a month.  We live about two miles away and usually walk (weather permitting).  They have a nice beer selection (Guiness for me and Blue Moon for the boy) on tap.  More importantly the food is good.  And they have tater tots!  We used to go to Teakwood's on Indian School a lot because we loved their wings and tater tots.  BT's wings and tater tots aren't quite as good but still do the job.  The burgers are good.  We'll have to try Taco Tuesday one night.If you're a sports fan this is the perfect place.  The wait staff is always great too.
5	My favorite bar ever!!!! Great food, cheap drinks and awesome atmosphere.
5	Great weekend breakfast items/deals. Build your own Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.  Regular menu is american with a Mexican influence. Ask for tommy or Christina. There's also off track betting.  Horses and dogs.
4	I didn't even know this place existed until a friend of mine told me he hung out here so I went. Bartenders are cool, beer is reasonably proceed for Scottsdale, so Scottsdale attitude here which is good consider the Quarter is just up the road. Have not had any food yet but will one of these days...
5	Hands down the best fried chicken sliders I've ever had. I drive from Gilbert just to come here whenever I have a Thursday off.
4	Hubby and I ran by here last night for a late-ish dinner. The sliders were the special for the day (buck each) so we chose them to nosh on. They come with cheese and onions and you can select chicken (fried or grilled) or beef so we got the grilled chicken and the beef.They were AWESOME! they come on these cute little rolls that are wonderfully soft and pillowy and yummeh. They make homemade ranch dipping sauce in house which goes well with the sliders. We aren't drinkers but it looked like that had some good drink specials as well. (check their website, tons of specials).The service was good but I'm not sure who the waiter was? We had about 4-5 different people wait on us and no one person came around twice :P It was a little strange but each person was very personable and pleasant so there was nothing to complain about. The bar is a wee bit divey but know what? I liked the shi* outta it! It's so nice to go into a bar in Scottsdale and not have it be annoyingly pretentious. It was just a few nice folks relaxing at the end of their day. But do be warned, the entrance is right by the smoking patio so you do have to walk through it on the way in. Other than that, I have no complaints and I will be back again :)
4	Rating as a bar only after one trip on a Sunday morning...My Wifey and I needed to kill some time before we painted some pottery at Make Meaning.... So... what did we do... hit the bar OF COURSE.It is really funny walking into dive bars with my foxy wife and watching guys break their necks to get a glance. This place has OTB so hips likely got broken also by the older clientel (gambling addicts) spinning in their chairs.Anyway, the bartender was nice. Good drink specials, and a VERY SOLID BLOODY BAR.I mean f-ing proper. At least 10 hot sauces, 10 different seasonings, 4 or 5 types of "mix", another 8 or so toppings (pickles, a couple different types of peppers, olives, celery, etc).Hell yeah. I may come back if hungry and in the area considering the great reviews the food gets. What was coming out of the kitchen looked very solid.
2	Just your typical beat down, hole in the wall sports bar.  If you like horse racing or plenty of TVs to choose from, you won't miss a big sporting event.  Service = OK, Food = OK and Overall Experience = C- All they need to do is retrain some of their staff and get rid of some of the cigarette "ass" smell.  This place has potential, but not there yet.
4	Great local independantly owned local joint....GREAT food, super freindly staff....don't let the dated decor fool you, the food is 100% HOT and NOW....Get the wings Daytona style....and anything with the green chili pork, YUM!
1	What went wrong???  No more 1/2 off Friday night happy hour?  Really?  Going back to Zipps.  GOOD BYE FOR EVER!
3	We are semi regulars.  Like the sliders and chicken strips. Beer is good. Wine is obscenely overpriced for crap wine.  That is really our only complaint.  If you can't serve decent wine at least price it accordingly. You are so out of line for wine price point.
3	I still love this place.  My boyfriend and I come here at least once a month.  We like to do the Bloody Mary bar on Sunday's.I just wanted to mention that they stopped serving Guinness not to long after my original review. They replaced it with Left Hand Nitro milk stout which is almost as good and a beer I sometimes buy at Total Wine.The waitresses here are fantastic.  We often get the same one and I like how they remember what drinks we typically order.Update: The name has changed to Gibby's (stupid name!) and they no longer serve the Nitro.  They did have a Porter the last time we were there.  They also no longer have their "shots" menu.  I hope they at least keep the porter.  I prefer my beer strong and dark (stouts or porters).  Thankfully, the food is still good.  If that goes downhill than we probably won't come here anymore.
4	This is a lot like most basic neighborhood bar/restaurant places, but with a few nice added touches.  Their wings are really tasty, and more than the usual boring bottled sauce offerings at most places.  They have a spice-up bar with a whole bunch of sauces and chiles to throw on your food to taste.  And a pretty nice large patio area.  Overall a place I'll want to come back to.
4	This place is called Gibby's now. Mostly a small crowd of regulars on Saturday night with some folks betting horses at OTB booths. Tommy, my waiter dude, was really nice and was always checking on me throughout the football game. Plenty of TV's available and they will switch on whatever game you desire, but they don't have NBA or NHL Package. They do have Pac 12 network though. Enjoyed my meal also which was 3 black n Blue sliders (bacon and Blue cheese) with fries at about $7.50. Not a fan of having to pay extra fora  side dish like fries when you order a sandwich. Have not seen that technique used in years - the side comes with the sandwich...case closed!
3	The wings are the biggest I've ever seen.  We got them undressed, I would recommend the first option (gets a dusting of flour).  Yea its worse for you but it also forms the crusty skin that you think of wings having.  They should also cook these longer, we couldn't eat at least 5 pieces because it was too raw.  The rest we just made do with.  Bleh..  We also got the spicy queso dip.  Not too bad, hard to mess up.  We got the mexi-beef in it which is basically added Taco Bell ground beef.  Kidding, but pretty accurate.  This would be a lot better with some jalapenos on the side and extra diced onions and tomatoes on top.  Maybe a small dollop of sour cream and green onions.   Definitely not awful but kinda bare boned.The blood mary bar thing I like!  They have pretty much everything you'd need to make your perfect mix.  The toothpicks looked a little disgusting so I had to use my fingers and the end of the straw to get some of the bits out to eat but other than that, perfectly awesome!
5	Great wings and the staff is great!  We come here regularly and always have great service.
4	Wanted to get a beer so we decided to stop in. Friendly staff and a good bar atmosphere. My boyfriend tried the Friday $2 fish tacos and said they were really good. We are definitely going to come back.
2	I have been going to Gibbys (bts) for almost 3 years now 2011.  I have always brought friends there for the great food and cheap drinks.  One of my selling point was always the awesome large meaty wings.   Today I was shock to see my order in front of me, tiny pathetic looking wings.  I can only imagine this was some cost cutting tactic. . They even put the wings in a smaller basket to make them look larger.  Without quality food I cannot reccomend this bar any longer, it has only been downhill the last year.
2	Great 'Bar Makeover' candidate. Wait staff good. strange smell inside. Food good one day all wrong the next visit. Prices too high for inconsistent quality. Burgers are typically solid.  They claim to be "working man bar". Not what I would call a cheap price for the semi dive bar atmosphere.
1	Came in with some coworkers and waited an hour before our orders were even taken, place was empty... Almost a half hour to get the food after the orders were put in. Got my food, was supposed to have fries but got tots and was missing onions that were supposed to come with. Almost 2 hours since we came in and a few in our party of 9 still don't even have their food. This place also smells really bad - cigarettes mixed with musty bar. Won't be coming back.
1	Gibbys is now closed, it opened up under new ownership on august 19th and is now know as The Hangar.
4	Gibbys (BT's) is now closed.  The location is known as The Hangar.  New owner has done an amazing job with cleaning and painting, and the new menu is fabulous!  Best kept secret in Scottsdale!
