5	Another new business in Surprise!! Tropical Cafe offers smoothies, sandwiches, wraps, tacos, and salads. Great selection if you want options besides burgers, and pizza. Reminds me of Subway, except has a tropical influence. I had the Korean BBQ tacos, I really enjoyed this. The tacos are in a soft flour tortilla, filled with vegetables, lettuce, and your choice of steak or chicken. Wife had the chipotle chicken wrap, this comes with vegetables, lettuce, rice, and chicken. Had a couple of bites on this and it was very good.Smoothies are really good also, I had the strawberry and banana smoothie, while the wife had the pineapple, orange and banana. TIP!! Hers was a lot better!!Glad they opened this place up, it's in the same square as uptown alley, and Digiplex theater. Always nice to have something new to choose from, and I will diffidently come by more often.
5	Stopped in here today and tried a smoothie. I got the island green and it was great! Huge size for the price too. The place was very clean, friendly staff. They have food here also which I didn't try but whatever was cooking smelled great. I'll be back soon to try more.
4	Yummy,  perfect for after a workout!   The guy behind the counter was very helpful but the girl was talking to him like a 5 year old in front of all of us.   Other than that,  great place.
2	Food was horrible I ordered a Mongolian bowel here that had noodles and meat. I didn't get to try there smoothies.
4	Delicious food! You wouldn't think that a smoothie joint would also have good lunch/dinner items, but Tropical Cafe does! Try their Chipotle Chicken Club  - it's really tasty!I have only ever had their Triple Berry Oat smoothie - and it's delicious. Very filling, as well!I'll definitely be back!
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE...AND I BLAME MANAGEMENT!  Why would you leave three teenagers without a supervisor?  They were not able to keep up with the minimal orders they had.  They had to ask us several times what we ordered.  There was no team work, they have assigned areas and they weren't willing to help when other staff members were behind.  The one girl helped a customer first who had walked in and out within less than 10mins b/c I believe she knew her...we were there for over 45mins, what's up with that?  I had to confront her just to get our orders done.  This is poor customer service so obviously some extra training in that area is necessary.  Also they were handling money and touching food with bare hands, they didn't wash hands or put on gloves.
5	This location has excellent staff and the food is exceptional. I am allergic to dairy and they can accommodate that for me which is very difficult to do normally when going out to eat. They are quick and make it easy to get food during lunch time. The restaurant is very clean and quiet so it's a nice place to sit and talk or catch up with a friend. The smoothies are delicious and I get the chicken pesto flatbread without the dairy products and it is phenomenal. I definitely recommend that everyone come here and try this place especially if you have a dairy allergy and can't get anything at those other smoothie places.
3	Love this place. Good food and great smoothies. Only problem is they frequently appear under-staffed for the lunch rush. Food takes 20 minutes to come out and you need to remind them about the smoothies (another 20 minutes). Makes you feel bad for the stressed out employees. Could just be unlucky timing on our part but I hope they start staffing appropriately.
3	The only downfall is the wait during lunch through the drive thru.  I have always had a long wait but today was horrible.  Only 2 cars in front of me and my wait was over 15 minutes after ordering.  This was for a simple sandwich and smoothie nothing crazy or extreme.  The service is getting slower and slower every time I go.  It's really making me consider avoiding it in the future and it used to be one of my favorite places.
