5	So far so good..... we shall see what PRB has instore for us this year!
5	Epic concert! If you missed it you shouldn't have.
3	Punk Rock Bowling could have been so much better...The only reason I am giving this event a 3-star rating is because of their poor, sad excuse for a will-call line outside of the El Cortez in which I stood for 2+ hours on Friday night. Whoever decided letting in 15-ish people at a time into the Cortez to retrieve tickets must have been on acid. Also, the three or so girls working the tickets was insane. Four people to give out tickets to a show that spans an entire weekend?Look, I'll be honest I stood outside for 2 hours and still did not have my two tickets to the ONE show I wanted to see (which by the way had already opened its doors that night). I got so frustrated I walked down to the venue and asked if it was really necessary I have my tickets to get into the show. I did have my email printed out stating I had paid for the tickets. They said I absolutely had to have the tickets to get in. GREAT! I returned back to the Cortez and basically walked in and non-nonchalantly stood in line behind the people who had been ushered in from outside by the seedy rent-a-cops policing the event.I got my tickets and ended up seeing the show I had been looking forward to for some time. Azul Tequila had a good venue, and even with the clusterf!ck way of getting tickets everyone was in good spirits once actually getting into the show. Luckily punks tend to let things slide and then have a good time. I did the same.But PLEASE PRB - get your act together about the ticketing system next year! I think the downtown location is great and it should stay there, but a new ticketing system must be put in place.
5	ONE OF THE BEST TIMES EVER!! I was VIP so didnt have to worry about the ticket lines!
5	I don't even know where to begin...everything about the shows I managed to go to was awesome. Sure, making people get all their tickets at the El Cortez rather than at the venues was a little weird, but if you read the site, you knew to arrive early to avoid crazy lines (which I did, and I got my tickets in about 10 minutes, rather than the many hours it took a ton of people to get theirs). The talent alone made this event worth it, but the crowd each night was really pretty cool, and I managed to meet a ton of new folks from all over the US, as well as great Vegas local punks. I'll be back next year for sure, and will go the entire weekend rather than piece mealing the shows. And can I get a big amen on the scads of FINE punk ladies that were in abundance? DANG!
5	YES! Thank you PRB for changing your ticketing system. This year was so much better. No lines, no craziness, no anger.I only attended Day 2 of PRB and I am not attending any of the after parties this year, much to my dismay. But starting a new job kind of has me in lock down with what I can and cannot do regarding my free time. Therefore, Day 2 (Sunday) of PBR 2012 was my day.First off I think the space was just about big enough for the crowd, but it could have been a bit bigger. The bleachers in the back were nice to be able to sit when I got tired of standing. Loved the vendors - also loved the food trucks that were there as well! Very cool.Band line up was great. I got there exactly at 3:30 PM and watched everything through until 9 PM. Unfortunately I needed to leave due to time restrictions regarding my job. So I actually missed Rancid, the headliner. Not too big of deal for me because I've seen them before and my main concern was seeing The Street Dogs. So - I did get to see The Street Dogs and they played an awesome set.The only things I can say need improvement: better signage. My friend and I walked all around trying to find the entrance. Had there been better signage we wouldn't have been so lost. Also, signage to get OUT. We couldn't find the exit, so we had to ask Metro. Albeit, we did leave early... but still. Also - I felt as though Hepcat was kind of an odd throw-in to the mix of bands. I don't dislike Hepcat, but I just didn't think their performance went well with the flow. Overall - VAST improvement over last year which is why I am awarding the 5 stars even though I felt as though there is still some improvement to be made.
3	Unimpressive line up.Long lines.Unprepared fans.Crowed after parties.Lots of armature alcoholics.
5	Three years in a row!I attended the Saturday portion of PRB 2013, Devo was headlining, but there were also great long-time punk favorites: The Weirdos and The Damned, as well as bunch of other bands. Although I wasn't there from beginning to end, the part the show I did see was awesome. The festival has certainly grown. Since it has taken over the vacant lot Downtown where it was held last year as well, the area of the festival has expanded. There were more vendors and more places to eat, food trucks for the most part. There were a couple places to alcohol/beer and one large beer garden. The beer garden was great because it provided shade, and they had fans/misters. They provided a lot more seating options with picnic tables outside the beer garden.There was still stadium seating available and what looked to be maybe a VIP section. My friend and I did wait in a LONG line to get in, but it seemed to move fairly quickly. It would be helpful for them to put up signs that they need a "BOY" and a "GIRL" line to make the line move quicker in the future. That kind of seemed to be the hold up because the crowd was unaware that we needed to separate genders to be frisked and have our bags checked up until the very beginning of the line. If there were two lines to begin with, it would go faster.Minus the standing in line the concert was awesome. Of course PRB is full of many other events like the actual bowling and the after-shows that happen in many of the bars Downtown. Overall I enjoyed my experience. Oh and the fact that the ticket was available to be printed online is a big plus (there were issues with ticketing in the past).
5	We flocked to the desert like some kind of migration. By Friday afternoon the sea of mohawks, tattoos, and crazy colored hair had hit Fremont St. Along with the old school cats the new generation mixed in to enjoy a weekend of music, bowling, & booze. It's was a great weekend festival, from the main shows to the after party clubs & the bowling tournament. I didn't see any major problems, the event staff seem to be running the festival very well. Maybe some small problems here & there ( but what can you do when it's that many people.) For all you lovers of punk rock/ sub-culture life, this is the one you need to attend. Every year it just seems to get bigger & bigger. Thank You PRB for the great time, hope to see you next year!
5	Punk's in my blood.  Ever since I snagged a Minor Threat album about 15 years ago and heard Ian MacKaye scream "I DON'T WANNA HEAR IT, ALL YOU DO IS TALK ABOUT YOU", followed by picking up Op Ivy and hearing "All I know is that I don't know nothing," I was hooked.  I fell in love with the music, culture and ideals immediately.  And I still love it like the first day I heard it.Punk Rock Bowling is a great event to remind us all of why we became a part of this in the first place.  It brings all the old punks and new punks together, the seas of colored hair, mohawks, liberty spikes and studded vests with bands you know or have never heard of.  We got a couple of tickets to check out the final day of festivities, headlined by the Black Flag reunion group FLAG, and it was a killer experience.  So many people rocking the styles and hair together in a way that you just don't see anymore in 2013.  Everyone was pretty well-behaved too, I didn't see any major problems or fights, besides those to be expected in the pit that is.And the music was great.  We got there right when The Casualties started and they fired up the crowd like crazy for all of the old-school acts that followed: The Subhumans, D.R.I. and FLAG themselves.  And those bands are another reason why I love punk - all the members may be past 50 now, but they still rock out and jump around like they're 20 and in their garage.  They're still pissed off at the world and love what they do, and the fans ate it up.I was sad I wasn't able to attend more days as the shows all sold out extremely fast, but what I did see was a perfect display of old school on a not-too-hot Vegas Memorial Day weekend with a bunch of people who try to show the world that punk ain't quite dead yet.
4	Overall awesome festival, usually good bands and as a bonus, they have strongbow on tap! Can't wait to see the descendents!
5	Due to more and more of us flocking into town early, Punk Rock Bowling weekend is gradually turning into a week long event. In its 15th year, the event just keeps getting better. Lots of free pre show goodies like the comedy show at The Palace, and The Joey Show (punk rock piano) at The Nug, plus some late night pre shows at a good price. Main stage: the line is faster this year. The bleacher set up for the non VIPs is perfect. Food, vendors, and band schwag are in a easy to find. Tons of records, t shirts, pin up style clothing, and cheap CDs for sale. The lot is paved this year which keeps the dust down, but makes for a rough landing in the pit. Only negatives are: Bathrooms are gross a bit early this year, and there is no margarita or sour mix available with shots of patron. Also, hard to figure out where to get 21+ bracelet. Get it when you come in gate.I will update later....
5	Awesome shows and good for a crazy time on Vegas. Second year and plan to come back next year. Get your tickets early it will sell out and jump in the club shows quick. They sell out within the day they come out.
5	Another year passed & another great festival. PRB is yet to disappoint, great line ups at the main show. So many good club shows to pick from after. Truly the best Music Festival held in Las Vegas. The lay out of the main stage and grounds was pretty awesome. Punk rockers of the world unite, and make new friends. This year was one for the books. If for some strange reason you didn't make it this year. Mark your calendar for next year. Thank You PRB once again. You even gave me the chance to meet my Yelp Friend from TN.Stay strong & rock on!!
5	improved the fest grounds this year, club shows were fun.glad to get down there early and glad to see its becoming a week long event, till next year !
