1	If I could give a 0 star, they'd own it.. I have nothing.. Not one positive to say about this bank. I wanted a local bank because most of my money is in USAA which used to be hard to make deposits to because they are based in San Antonio. BofA has fees upon fees.. Long lines at any lunch hour... Waits on phone , awful customer service.. Oh and the kicker.. I deposited a trust fund check.. From Vanguard!! They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days.. Despite that Vanguard had cleared the check with them.. I'm guaranteeing BofA made interest off of my $7k! Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. Ahh.. Thank God I can bank with USAA..
2	It's not the people, but how the bank itself runs that pisses me off. The fees, the red tape, the general BS I seem to have problems with these buttheads. I have three (3) business accounts here and they tell me time -and-again that I need to open a personal account to cash my paycheck with them. I own my business, the check is from them BofA, it's made out to me. F***ers give me my money, it's mine NOT yours.
1	I needed a backup, for emergencies only sort of account, somewhere I could put money and forget about it until the day rolled around I needed it. It was a mistake getting it from BOA. I need to take some of the blame though, I am the one who opened a BOA account and didn't realize I needed to have paperless billing or I would be charged $9 A MONTH. After many months have passed I finally checked my statement to realize I didn't have enough in savings (the majority was all in checking) which charged me an additional $5, so for months I have been being charged $14. I'm willing to take responsibility for that. But, I do think it's pretty crappy to charge someone that much a month in fees!I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care. We exchanged greetings and chatted about our Halloween and what each of us were doing. I told him I needed to close both my savings and checking account, he said OK and printed off the paperwork no questions asked. Really? No Questions? This bothered me more than the fees, he never asked me why I'm closing the account, never asked if there was anything he could do to keep me a member, seemed pretty happy to let me go. I've heard this from other people, BOA just doesn't care about their members. If he would have asked why I was leaving and asked to look at my account to see how we could eliminate fees from that point forward I may have considered staying a member, but to no avail, he just didn't care.
3	I sit here writing this from the waiting room at approximately 3:15 pm, while I wait to speak with the only home loan person for BoA in the area. My appointment was at 3:00. Normally it wouldn't be a big deal, but when I got here my customary 5-10 minutes early, I just so happened to sit next to the guy ahead of me, whose appointment was at 2:00. That's about 55 minutes late for those trying to keep up with all the numbers.A few minutes ago, roughly 3:05, I was acknowledged and told she was running "a little behind." The acknowledgement was appreciated and saved a 2-star rating.  Knowing he was an hour past his appointment, I asked for a guess at how long it would be, to which I was assured "about 30 minutes."   He was finally called back shortly after that, and I continue to wait.I've been with Bank of America for somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 years or more.  I like the bank, and the people at this location and most of the ones I dealt with in Florida are friendly.  However, I can't help but feel it's not too much to ask for a simple phone call to let someone know when you're running 30-60 minutes behind. While the company as a whole I would rate 4 stars, this branch doesn't quite make that level, and hence the 3-star rating.  Before you think me to picky based on a single experience, I'd like to note I've been irritated here before.  In addition to the time issues I experienced today, I've also found certain others at this location to be a little pushy when it comes to Bank offered services (credit cards, retirement plans, etc). I realize this is probably a system thing and not a location thing, but it hasn't been like this at other branches.I'm finishing this up, now the 30 minutes later I was told, and eagerly await my turn so I can finish up and enjoy the rest of my day off. Fortunately they seems to be wrapping up.  I may update further at a later time pending the outcome here.
