5	So glad to finally have another choice of eating establishments so close to home!Fantastic sandwiches (they use Boar's Head product and it doesn't get much better than that!), Ice cream is delish (Dryers!), and the service is quick and friendly. You can buy Boar's Head sliced from them at prices much lower than the local grocery stores to make your own sandwiches as well. Pickles (Claussen!!) , chips and a small cookie (Otis Spunkmeyer!) come with each sandwich.The environment is nice and very basic, but it gets the job done. Clean and comfortable.The ONLY thing that this place is lacking is hot sandwiches (Have to go elsewhere if I am craving a hot pastrami). We will definitely be back!!
4	Nice suprise for the San tan valley...great value at $5-$7 per sandwich which comes with chips pickle and a cookie. Large portions...products are all boars head. I like more dressing, so be sure to ask for mayo and mustard on take out. The PB&j for kids is big and messy..but tastes great. Not super impressed with the icecream..not a big fan of dryers..but good prices on a cone. Wish they'd add some hot sandwich options...crossing my fingers
5	Great sandwiches!!! Finally a healthy alternative close to home! Had the arizona sandwich and the buffalo chicken as well and they are both very yummy! The staff is super friendly and helpful! Will be a regular here for sure! Reasonable prices as well!
5	Definitely a great addition to what's out here. We went in the 1st time for ice cream (hellz yeah Pistachio!!). For the 2nd time we ordered lunch to-go. Fresh sandwiches with nice quality ingredients. I had a Windy City (corned beef) and my boyfriend had the NYC (pastrami)...both were really good and I loved that the bread they were on was FRESH and soft. We ordered them for take-out, everything was ready when I showed up, they even put the soda in the cups for us (instead of giving us empty cups and having us do it ourselves at the fountain)...it was a nice touch since I was trying to balance the bag of food plus car keys, phone, wallet, etc. They're getting my repeat business for sure. Nice people behind the counter, I really hope they do well here.
2	I called this place when they first opened and was told they had Boar's Head cold cuts. So I stopped by with my husband for lunch. What a disappointment! I could have made a better sandwich at home. Hardly any meat, no condiments between two slices of white bread. They are overpriced. No sides come with your sandwich, so be prepared. I don't even know if they have sides. The staff didn't seems to know what they were doing.
5	This is a wonderful little shop. Serves boars head meat and cheese sandwiches plus ice cream. If your in the area definitely stop by and give it a try.
4	Boars Head meat and cheese...Need I say more!?  Ordered the Italian Stallion, very good!!   Wife ordered the Greek sandwich and said it was delicious!!  Lavelles is not skimpy with the meat!!  Give them a try.  Nice, friendly staff.
4	Came here the other night with my husband for some ice cream. Really liked the portion sizes and the ice cream selection. I had strawberry cheesecake in a baby cone and my husband had pecan praline in a big cup. It was delicious and the overall atmosphere of the shoppe was great. I plan on going back very shortly to try their food selection so I will update.
5	Actually came here when they had just opened and were a little underwhelmed. I know they've been open over a year now and can see why. What an improvement! Went there for lunch today with my husband and left happy. We actually tried to get lunch at Papa Kenos which is in the same shopping center but left....it was a hot mess over there. My husband had the Italian beef sandwich and was in love. He was tempted to get another roll so the broth that was left in his basket wouldn't go to waste. I got the P.L.T (prosciutto, lettuce, tomato and mozzarella with some sort of oil/vinegar dressing on white bread) Holy hell it was good!! Sandwiches came with a pickle and cookie and we left FULL! Will definitely be back to try the different sandwiches they have!
5	Love this place food is great the owners and staff are very polite very clean place I will definitely keep coming back keep up the good work lavelle's
5	Lavelle's is extremely fairly priced and delicious! I loved the food and the owner was very pleasant. He was able to make suggestions based on preferences I expressed and I really appreciated that. They also have I've cream and it's delicious! They serve Boar's Head meat which is incredible, and the place is VERY clean - which I find to be highly important. 10/10 would recommend and will definitely go back!
4	This was a good place with friendly service. Sadly went down a couple days ago to get a sandwich and an eviction notice was posted on the door. Sad to see this place close the doors.
4	So sad that Lavelle's closed...it was really nice to have a local sandwich shop with a selection that was different from the others.  You will be missed!
1	I used to go to this deli all the time when I lived in copper basin, It was the best place around as a matter of fact after we moved to apache junction we still made it a point to make the 20 mile drive at least once a month, well they must have gotten greedy because the prices stayed the same but the food got worse, first mistake was switching to thrifty ice cream, second was switching to garbage meat while still advertising the boars head name, third mistake was the cookies went from reasonably sized to so small a child would be unhappy with the size. If everything stayed the same I would be still going there, the day all three of those factors came into play, my wife and I both agreed that it tasted disgusting and they must have tried to cut costs. sad that they closed because of it. lesson learned.
