2	When I think of "Big Burritos" I think of Los Fav's or Chipolte Burros. These burros, while yummy, are not filling. I expected more burro for $9! Throw in some chips and a drink for that price.
4	Really delicious and unique burritos.  If you want something or of the ordinary and very tasty I recommend them!
3	I really wanted to like this place. It's a great concept and it seems family owned.  I think with a few tweeks they can actually get it right.  I've been twice and both orders had the same problems. First,  the burritos are small.  On top of the already small burrito,  most of the scant filling is veggies or rice.  The amount of protein is relatively small.  Several bites had no protein at all. I was still hungry after both meals. I had the Seoul, a pork Korean inspired burrito.  Barely any pork.  A LOT of cabbage which made it rather bland.  Then I had the Seattle, a fish burrito with barely any fish and lots of cabbage. For the price (around $7) the should be a lot more meat in them and the meat is it what contained the flavor.  It would solve the bland problem.
2	Everything is awesome except the food.Interesting menu, nice staff, fun concept, but aside from the beignets(which are only passable as something other than beignets) - the food is somewhere between subpar and plain ol terrible.Ordered a burrito, a quesadilla, some nacho-tots, and the beignets so felt like we tried it all.  There were 2 issues with every single thing we ordered.1) the ingredients weren't very good (Kinda like someone emptied out microwave burritos instead of making rice, meat, veggies, etc...)2) The food is poorly prepared.  The kids that work there are very nice but they put so much buffalo sauce on the quesadilla that it was inedible, and the burrito was layered like a parfait so that each bite was a single but different ingredient.Might try again some day but doubt it.
5	This place is so amazing!!! I'm definitely going back!!!!! It was very clean and the workers are very nice and funny!
5	I have been to Fusion several times since they opened (it's walking/biking distance from my house). I have yet to try everything, but what I have had has been wonderful! My favorite so far has been the Philly Burrito and the homemade french onion dip! I like that their food is different. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is inviting. I don't have any negative comments thus far!
5	Love this place!!!!! Its very clean and everyone is friendly, I have tasted several items on the menu, i have several favorites, which are the gilbert, la paz and the seoul. Its about time there is something different and not the same ole burger/ sandwich place. I will definitely go back, looking forward to trying other items. Good job!!!!!!
5	Had lunch there today, love the gilbert, which is the homemade chicken salad. Fun and super friendly. Will always go back,
2	Too bad. It has a good concept and friendly staff but the food is sorely lacking. I actually felt sick after eating for a bit.
2	Seriously, just bad! The burritos were small and not very filled. I got a Philly burrito and the meat they used was not good! It tasted very artificial. The wait through the drive thru was very long, we probably waited about 15 minutes at the drive thru window just to receive our food. The wait was not worth it. We will not be going back.
5	Have been back several times , food still awesome as well as the service, love having something different, will continue to go back. Keep it up.
5	This is brand new place with a new crew. So a wait time is expected, I will not give them grief for that. You try being in their shoes. Anywayyyy, onto the reviewThe tots they use in their sides are fried perfectly. Light and crisp and a punch of flavor. I love them. The nacho tots are ridiculous.  Definitely a brand new guilty pleasure. I also tried the Seattle which is basically a burrito form of a fish sandwich.  There was a bit too much tartar sauce but not enough to ruin it. The  slaw they use is nice and dry so it picks up a lot of the sauce and flavor from the fish. The fish is a great quality as well, nice and flakey.  I was absolutely delighted by this place and the staff. I will be returning. Keep up the good work!
5	They just opened a month a go. Cute concept. Reminds me of a cool food truck without the wheels. Had the Seoul burrito. The manager told me Korean sauce is the owners mother in laws family recipe. Good stuff!  My wife had the cancun salad... Fun presentation and the house made dressing is great.  Loved the drink selections!!
5	I miss Fusion Burritos, dang construction. I love the ideas they have an d the concept. Keep up the awesome work and brainstorming, change is good.
1	This place isn't reiendas. Where do I go drunk at 3 am to get the most boss Mexican food that Our lord and savior blessed the this green earth with? Not this hipster shit hole.
1	Did I call it or what?! It was only a matter of time before this place was closed down. Better luck at your next location.
