5	I'd die alone and with split ends without your help making me pretty. Maybe I'll become successful and well-to-do because of your hair cuts and color. Probably not, but at least no one mistakes me for Nick Nolte's mugshot anymore.
5	Got my hair done by Jamey and I love it ! It came out to the perfect blonde color! The lounge is also beautifully decorated and very relaxing ! Karla and Jamey have great customer service ! Highly recommend one40 salon !!!!!!
5	My daughter and I needed blowouts before we went to a show. We were staying at the Westin at Lake Las Vegas and their  salon was closed. I'm so glad we found One40. The stylists are very professional and the salon is well appointed. My hair looked great when I left and for 3 days afterwards. My daughter has long, thick, curly hair that is very time consuming to blow out straight. Our stylist took her time and carefully dried small sections, this took nearly 2 hours, and the results were beautiful. The online booking tool is easy to use the prices are competitive.
5	I had been to two different stylists to get my hair color right.....Jamey saved me, did a great job and I could finally come out of hiding! Thanks Jamey! Can you clone yourself & come to Cali! Karla & Jamey just opened their salon. They built it from a bare space and have done a fabulous job of creating a beautiful and comfortable place combined with professional great talent! Help them get their place going.  You won't regret it!
5	One40 Lounge is a new salon with awesome stylists! Jamey and Karla are amazing and professional. The salon is uniquely designed to make you feel at home. They are passionate about their industry and it shows in their work. Very well rounded in hair, skin, and nails. I have officially made this salon my new spot. It's my first time here and I've had a great time conversing with their patrons, It's hard to have fun when getting your hair done and these ladies do it right! I highly recommend this place it's a nice change to go to a salon that's calm and collective and with out 10-20 stations. I highly recommend this spot for anyone looking to get pampered.
5	OK---I love this salon-lounge--very nervous going into a new place in a new state not being familiar with the area. Jamey was at the front desk and was so awesome. My hair color was great, she took her time and really talked to me and made great suggestions. Next, came the hair cut. Really nervous on this one. I took a picture of a girlfriend's hair from FB. Carla looked at the three pictures and started cutting layers...after she blow dried my hair it was absolutely PERFECT!!!! They are great women who make a great team. They treat you so well and it is NOT a "clicky" atmosphere. Once you go in----you don't want to leave!!!!!
