1	rude drivers.  Skip this cab and take the next one.
1	I called to be picked up, about 10 minutes off the strip.  I was told it would take 20 minutes.  When I called 20 minutes later, I was told it would be 20 more minutes.  The cab arrived 25 minutes later.  When I called the dispatcher to tell them that I was not happy (at the 40 minute mark, shortly before my cab finally arrived), he told me he could cancel my cab, or I can wait.The driver was competent and friendly.  (As was the original driver who took me out to meet my friend, who gave me the card I used to call for the cab to pick me up.)tl;dr:  Took them 45 minutes to pick me up, 10 minutes off the strip, after they told me it would be 20 minutes.  Rude dispatcher.  Fine if it's the next cab in line at the hotel, but never call for a pickup.
1	i'm from out of town, used this cab once and the driver was so rude to me. i called the company to speak to the supervisor, the representative "Anita" was incredible rude and hung up on my 3 different occasions. I called back and she kept hanging up. i also had my id stolen from the cab driver.
1	This company blows. They charge a $3.00 credit card fee. I called the cab company and a supervisor said the fee wasn't any more than what the casinos charge for ATM service. What a ridiculous line. I said I was paying for a service, not getting cash. Won't use and if I do I will pay the fee and skip the tip. Driver was rude as well. Air conditioning did not work. Deserves a worse rating. Skip it if you can.
1	Vegas cab drivers know a sucker when they see one. They see them all day, everyday, on the strip. They're called tourists. Only suckers, people who don't care about money, and those too afraid to rent a car and drive in Vegas use cabs. I happen to fall into the last category and so I have no choice but to succumb to highway robbery. If you must use cabs to get around Vegas, it's best that you know the shortest route before you get in that cab. More than once I've had a cabbie take me onto the freeway to get from point A to point B when it was really, really clear that it was only a rouse to rack up my rate. The ride from MacCarran to Fremont was $50 with tip and the credit card fee!It's also important to note that if a cab driver doesn't consider your destination to be worth while (money wise), he'll pretend he doesn't know what place you're talking about. I had two cab drivers in a row from this company do this. The third agreed to take me where I was going and then fessed up that is what the others were doing (as if I didn't already know). Funny thing was, we were going from Fremont to a location right behind Fashion Show Mall. $22 before tip AND you're right on the strip to pick up new riders and that's not good enough? Ugh.
1	Seven Yelpers in a row can't be wrong! We all agree on one thing...Western cab sucks! The cabbie I had a run-in with tonight was apparently just another in their collection of rude ones. Calling dispatch and seeing the way they handle (or don't handle) a road rage issue shows that behind the lousy drivers is management that is equally as bad. Like the reviewer before me said, there are many cab companies; if you get this company, just pass it up for the next one. Apparently the drivers with the road rage issues end up here, since management is tolerant of it.
1	Don't get in these cabs if you value your life. The most wreckless drivers in Vegas. I have been cut off multiple times everyday by these guys. They just want to make a quick dollar. I don't think they care about the laws or any one. The one time I was in their cab, I was afraid for my life. The drive was very rude.
3	Oh it's not that bad. Our driver Art, picked us up at a taxi stand at Planet Hollywood and thanked us for taking him to a destination off of the strip (the CES convention had just ended and everyone was on their way out of Vegas--luckily, we were just on our way in). Art is what I would describe as a middle-aged, modern day Cheech and/or Chong. He was so friendly and entertained us with stories from his life in 80's living in San Francisco for our ride to the rental car company. Is it expensive? A bit. Did our van sound like it was going to shake itself into tiny little van pieces when we got onto the highway? Yes. Who cares? In the end, we safely got to where it is we were going and had a very memorable experience with an awesome guy. Can't say how they are when calling into a dispatcher. Also, if out driver wasn't so awesome, I would probably drop it down to 2 stars for the quality of their vehicles.Art, this extra star is for you! I hope you see this one day! Thanks for the ride!
1	Of the thousands of yellow cabs hailed in NYC and other locations, this was the single most offensive cab ride I've ever had. There was a line-up at McCarren after I landed and I was directed towards a cab. The man took my bag and I hopped inside. Told him I was going to the HRH. His reaction... "F U! I waited for 20 min and you go the the f'n HARD ROCK. THE HARD ROCK. Why do you go there? This is bullsh*t."Me: Are you talking to me?Driver: **huge belch** f*ck you...He dropped me off and was shocked I didn't tip him. Me: You should be nicer to people when they come into town.Driver: F*ck youI took the $5 tip I was going to give to him and immediately threw it into a video blackjack machine. It turned into $20 after two hands. #Win Skip this company if you can. The other reviews don't lie.
2	Took a longer/more expensive route to save 2 minutes and then took 8 minutes to get change from other cab drivers.
