4	Sony Style looks and feels the same everywhere you go. However, hubby tends to be a bit 'obnoxious' whenever he goes into one of these. He will ask to look at things and spend a lot of time looking at the features but then he has no intention of purchasing it from the store itself.So here we are and he wanted to go in here to look at one of the phones. I was busy taking lil guy's photo around the Forum and finally made it into the Sony store to catch up with hubby. He was STILL looking. He had coaxed the woman to let him put his SIM card into the phone he was looking at so he could play around with it. She was so nice to let him do it. I'm not sure if she knew he wasn't planning on buying.Minutes go by, then more minutes. When he was through, he gave the phone back to the woman and thanks her and she promptly replaces the phone into the locked cabinet and then walked away.Ooops, I guess she knew.
5	On the first day of my Vegas Vacation I realized somewhere during our travels to Vegas my camera had broke. Ugh. My mind was preoccupied by the thought of a vacation with no camera. I lamented the whole morning about my options, ruling out disposables because no self respecting photog would stoop that low. I even called all of the local camera repair shops with no luck for a place to get my broken baby repaired. I started to get frustrated as we walked to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. I finally had a mini-meltdown where I burst into tears by the fountain at the shops. After wiping away my tears I looked up to see a beacon of light - no wait, it was just the Sony Style shop where I bit the bullet and bought a brand new Cybershot for $180 (totally compatible with the fully charged battery and 4GB memory card from my broken camera). The day was saved! I immediately started taking pictures and felt a million times happier.Long story short, thank god for this store. The staff was totally helpful (and sympathetic) and the price was right.
4	I only came in here because my boyfriend wanted to browse, but I discovered a great secret: FREE INTERNET. They have laptops all over the place and I played around with one and discovered it was hooked up to the net. Perfect timing! I checked in for our Southwest flight and we just barely got into the A group.If you want to check your email, check into a flight, do whatever on the net, and you don't want to pay the ridiculous fees hotels charge (or lug around your laptop - who needs one in Vegas?), go to the Sony store at the Forum Shops!
4	Walking into this store, it smells brand new.  But it can't be because some of the reviews date back to 2007.  Either they did a remodel or it's just the smell of new electronics.This is a really cool store to look at the new products and try them out.  My husband played around the Playstation Move, which is like Nintendo Wii.  I was pretty exhausted so I headed off to a dark room in the back where they were showing a really long preview for The Green Hornet.  No comfy seats back there, just plastic blocks.  But it's a good place to chill.  I watched the preview a few times and now I feel like I've seen the whole movie.  Thanks Sony!  You saved me $10 at movie theater!It's a good place to chill and browse.  The staff greets you but they don't hound you, which is nice.  However, everything here is super expensive and all the products are much cheaper online.  For example, they carry every single battery for every single Cybershot ever made... but for about twice the price as online. Unless you need the stuff right away, come demo it here and then buy online.  Also, this place is a pain in the butt to get to from the parking garage.  It's on the first level which is all the way in the back.  Once you get down there, the Forum Shops force you to walk the whole lower area, making sure you walk by every single shop.  There is an obvious shortcut but they block it off and stick a staff person there for good measure.  It's pretty annoying.  But that isn't Sony's fault.Access from the strip if you can and check it out.  It's a fun little store.
4	Located @ the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, I always come to this store when I'm in Vegas It is always cool to look at the new products that Sony comes up with. They have all the new laptop/ desktop computers, home theater, electronics etc. I could spend hours in this store trying everything out. I've also found out that they have free internet there!! the work staff were friendly and knowledgeable, it's a good atmosphere to be in even if you are just browsing. The prices are a little steep but that's expected because we are in a tourist trap (Vegas) and the brand name alone pretty much sells itself. For me, it's one of my favorite stores to visit when i'm in town.
5	Sony products are pretty amazing. I have been to this store a couple times usually I just browse and try out equipment. My favorite was watching Tron in the tv room with the fancy 3D glasses. I did that for like 20minutes before I realized I could sit there and watch the whole movie so I got up and walked away. Sadness. However, this trip, I knew exactly what I wanted because my friend found this amazing deal on their website when he was helping me looking for a good quality camera for my birthday. So, I was about to buy the exact same camera on amazon for $199.00, but right when I was about to, I got this link to the sony store from my friend and it was the same camera, PLUS a case, PLUS a 4gb memory card in one bundle for only $150.00! Can you say SCORE! However, I figured since I knew there was a sony store in the forum shops that I would call to see if they had it in stores so I didnt have to wait for it to ship or pay shipping fees. Guess what? Yep, you guess right, they so had it in the store! I drove over the same day I flew back to Vegas from being out of town for Thanksgiving and as soon as I walked in and said camera bundle (because I for got the number to it) they knew exactly what I wanted. I even doubled checked the other cameras, especially the green one since it was the one I originally wanted, but I gave up the love for the color to have a better quality camera.There was a guy and girl helping and the guy suggested a bunch of stuff about warranty and stuff which was nice, and then the girl was like even if you drop it without the insurance you can bring it back and get a new one if it is technical. Nice! Thanks for the tip chick! Now on top of all that I got in the bundle, they gave me FREE headphones for spending over a $100 bucks. Which was awesome since I really needed headphones too! It really felt like my lucky day. I love this sony store a lot. They do not rush you out when your watching movies for free, reading Alice in Wonderland on the Nook like thing, or browsing the web on a shiny new laptop. The staff is great, the product is great (if you can afford it), and I am not a happy owner of an AWESOME camera!
4	I don't know why we never stopped by before, until last night while checking out the Forum Shops. This place (located at the bottom level- access is tricky) is a must for the ever-so-popular Sony brand fan (like my hubby). Located at the left, front side of the store, the demo of the 3D TV and 3D glasses was fun, until my sensitive eyes couldn't take it anymore (when you wear contacts, you typically become sensitive to bright light). My husband really liked seeing ESPN in 3D! Ok, that part was kinda cool. Middle front area has some laptops and MP3 players ($99). On the right, front side are the all-in-one computers including the cute little VAIO notebook for $499 (pink silicone keyboard cover is extra, conveniently located above the laptop counter). There was a VAIO laptop for $399 on a different display, but nearby. In the back were the TVs. Back right had iPod docks.  It was funny because all the while through, my husband was saying, "You're looking at our next ____________." Insert item: tv, computer.There were several sales people (all men) on hand. There were a few customers inside, besides us.
4	Ah, the Sony Store, where you will always find something that will catch your eye. My husband and I usually stop by when we are shopping at the Forum Shops, but only to look around. They definitely have cool products to look at and to try out, but they are usually way too expensive to buy. I wish I could afford one of their nice huge TVs! The store is very clean and organized. Although they really should clean their display products because they are oily and nasty!I like the customer service here. The employees will greet you when you walk in the store, but they won't bother you. I think they know that most people come into the store just to browse. If they see you testing out one of their products for a while, they will approach you and ask if you have any questions. I have only purchased something from here twice in the past. From what I remember, they won't try to sell you additional accessories that you don't need. Gotta love that!One last thing, PLEASE bring back the JT & Peyton commercials!!
5	Dan the sales associate was awesome. He was knowledge and provided great customer service. We left with an action cam! Big store, great selection then our store at home in the Bay Area.
4	Great selection. If you are looking for anything Sony, stop by.
5	Marco is amazing!!! My husband was having problems with his BRAND NEW PS4 and he went to the Sony Store and they switched it out for him with no hassle at all. Thank you Marco!!!!! Now my husband and my daughter can play their video games tonight together and that makes me one happy mama!!! If I could give move than 5 stars I would!!!!
4	I have been visiting this Sony store for the last five years for almost all my electronics. Although Sony is sold at several retailers and easily accessible online, I enjoyed the fact that all their models were on hand for testing and there were a few very knowledgable associates to help with detailed questions.I had purchased a couple of their P&S cameras (Cybershot) and other electronics, but I was primarily here for their DSLR line, Alpha. I purchased my first DSLR body, the a330, almost four years ago. Since then, I purchased all my accessories and lenses here. A couple of their Alpha specialists really knew photography and their products. It helped when I wasn't as versed in photography and camera specifications. I always trusted their recommendations and that's rare to find in any retail setting.I just found out last week that they've decided to close. It's hard to say I'm surprised since they're in a terrible location. However, the store had been there for so long, it's such a shame. I am glad that I was able to take advantage of some of the closing discounts. If there's anything left, today is the last day to visit.
