4	Very good ice cream.  My son loves it too.  Convenient for the area, with adequate parking.
4	CHRIS Z ROCKS!!!My daughter has peanut allergies and we have been to other Cold Stones where the crew members act so put out when you ask if they can clean the stone for an allergy. Tonight Chris Z. actually went out of his way to use fresh utensils and a clean containers to make her ice cream.I've always liked the ice cream here, but the staffers at this one were really great which made the ice cream that much better!Thanks again!!!
3	Cold Stone is a locally based Scottsdale company that has created one of the great ice cream experiences!Where ice cream is concerned, we are no longer limited to just Baskin & Robbins, Carvel's and Friendly's as our only choices, now we have Cold Stone, Ben & Jerry's, Ghirardelli's, the list goes on!Our family has visited many of the west coast stores in several different states over the years and has always found their ice cream to be superb.  What makes Cold Stone unique is the making of your ice cream right in front of you.  Want fresh fruit?  They put it on their cold stone (marble?) along with the ice cream and the mix it with two large spoons.  You want chocolate chips, candy, etc -- same thing.  It's great!Go!  Enjoy!
4	For a company that bases 99% of its workforce on high school aged kids sticking their hands in your food these guys do OK.  Its a perfect location next to the splash pad and a great place to sit and take in the atmosphere.
3	I love ice cream but Cold Stone is way overpriced. The service here is great!! You can sample a couple of different flavors but for a small cup with only 1 mix-in, it'll set you back around $4!
2	Beware for cake ordering: I ordered a custom cake, and when I arrived for pick up I could not believe the unprofessional appearance of the cake- apparently teenagers decorate these cakes and no adult supervises or checks. The cake had 6 or 8 1/2 oreos on a large rectangle cake, and big block letters with the message with one of letters visibly corrected, so it looked like a brown lump with sparse cookies and ugly lettering- no nice borders around edges like in the pictures online.The manager was not on site and took it 2 days for me to call to reach her; the staff is nice and the kids on staff redecorated a little better, and manager was apologetic.Everyone loved the taste of the cake but I would recommend just getting a predecorated cake from the store and write in message yourself since your handwriting is likely better than the decorator on hand.
5	I have been here a few times now...its always clean, employees are always helpful and if you want a fantastic show...ask for Collin! He is so fun to watch. His skill throwing the scoops and the ice cream...best dessert show anywhere. He always has a smile and ready to help. Check it out...you will not be sorry.
2	We came to this location after dinner and wanted our favorite flavor Oreo Creme Filling.  However, we were disappointed to find out that they don't have that flavor here.  Huh?  We get it all the time at the location on Frank Lloyd Wright & Thompson Peak, which is less than 4 miles away.  Why is this location inconsistent with the other store that's very close?  I can understand if the stores were 20 miles away, but come on....Return Factor - 10%
4	We stopped by one evening to use some Cold Stone coupons we had and enjoy our ice cream outside.  The service was quick and friendly and the ice cream was delicious, as always.
5	Seriously good ice cream!! Mint mint chocolate chip!!! I really thought the young folks behind the counter were outgoing and seemed to enjoy their jobs. That always makes me happy to see, as I feel I am supporting a good employer!
2	Well, I must first confess that I'm not a big ice cream eater. I didn't grow up eating ice cream and even as an adult, I haven't grown to like it but I know there are plenty of other people who do . . . So to those that love ice cream, Cold Stone is prob worth it. Unfortunately, to me it just seem really expensive for what you get. :(
3	Close to home, in a shopping center where not much is affordable. The ice cream is pricey but tasty and the place has a good vibe to it. Peanut butter cup perfection creation is fabulous. Nice kids working there.
