3	This started as 2 1/2 stars, until I googled it to check the address and found out that all Arizona RoomStores are actually Locally owned and operated.  So I gave it the extra 1/2 star.  RoomStore has some great qualities.  And some not so great ones.  I'm going to start negative so I can end positive.  There is so much of the stuff that feels it's made just a bit too cheaply.  Some of the styles would have been great - 5-10 years ago.  Most of the art and decor items featured around the place are pretty awful.  This may sound nit-picky, but the place feels pretty dark and small in some spots - so you FEEL like you're looking at cheap discount furniture.Here's the good news.  We aren't all able to buy the $10K sofa w/ the $2K chairs.  Some folks need cheap.  And some folks can't imagine how to put pieces together, so showing things as a whole room can be pretty darn helpful.  While this may not be the furniture you'll be passing down to the next generation - who cares?  If you've got a hyperactive 3 year old or you are struggling with cash, but want something nicer than a thrift store - This is NOT a bad place to go.  When looking for ideas for my house I looked EVERYWHERE for inspiration.  Ya never know where you'll find it.  And the thing I really appreciated about the RoomStore is that if you told a salesperson you were just window shopping for ideas - they left you alone.  They might give you a smile if they saw you again, or check to see if you had questions, but most of them weren't going to be pushy.  I appreciate that.  Years ago my friend's Dad worked there and he really liked the place from an employee point of view.  Bonus points for treating your peeps right.Not bad starter furniture, or when you just want someone else to "put it all together" for you without designer prices.
3	"At the Rooooom Store!"The place isn't all that bad, but I can't stand the jingle.
4	The Room Store was not our first pick for buying new couches but they seemed to be the only ones in the valley that carried what we liked that was in our budget.  (don't get me wrong, there are amazing sofas and sectionals all over town but $5,000 plus for one is not "doable" for us).  The sales staff is very nice and can answer all your questions without some lame-o runaround like we got at some other stores.  So we picked a really great leather set (sofa and love seat) and did the no interest thingy, it was a loan set up thru a bank, we didn't realize it was going to be done that way but whatever, we paid it off with zero interest b/c you CAN NOT and I repeat CAN NOT be late on a payment or else you end up paying for all interest and more.  These zero percent interest things can be tricky but with diligence and proper payment scheduling, it can be done.  Just watch it.  Don't be a foolio.So once the first set was paid off, it was time to buy the next set.... a beautiful leather sectional.  Again, searched all over town, didn't find one we liked that was in out budget.  Went to the Room Store AND VOILA!  there she was )yes, the sectional is a she, she is too pretty to be a boy).  SO here we go again, another year of stressing out to make sure to NEVER miss a payment and we can say we survived the "zero percent interest" scam. We are receiving the new one this weekend, but in the past, the delivery was on time and it came in perfect condition.  I am hoping for the same tomorrow.  ***FYI-- Furniture business is down right now, so it might be a good idea to purchase some if you need it b/c they have more wiggle room to sell you at a good price.***
1	Roomstore Arizona is totally unprofessional. Their salespersons (especially a person named Saeef) lie to you all the time. They will never return your call once the product is delivered. They will push you to buy the extended warranty by telling lies and when you call them to schedule a maintenance or repair, they just say that its not included in the warranty. When I asked a few questions and told them that thats what the salesperson told me, they said that I should have read the warranty before I purchased and they themselves agree not to go with what salespersons tell the customer. It is totally unprofessional to me and they are big time liars. Worst part of all is their products really suck!!!
1	I ordered a table that ended up being too big for the area. Before I paid for it the salesman assured me it's all 100% refundable for any reason within 14 days and to just go ahead and get it since I have nothing to lose. The table was too big and I requested a refund within a day of getting the product. They refunded all except for $200. The charge was for delivery.... Don't waste your time here the sales people say what they need to in order to make a sale. Company management seems to be a joke. Go somewhere else!
5	Excellent Warranty Service.  Purchased a Sterns and Foster mattress at the Roomstore a few years ago and started having problems.  Called Roomstore who sent an inspector.  Received replacement mattress the next day.Thank you Roomstore!
4	Large selection and big showroom. This location used to be a Kay Bee Toy store a couple decades ago. Still has that vibe and plenty of room to run around with your Lego cars attached to a string.Went here looking for some New Leather for the living room. Been to most of the other stores including the really expensive ones off of N. Scottsdale Road. Most of the cheaper stores have either really thin leather or a mixture of cow parts and plastic like cheap sausage casing. The more expensive stores in Scottsdale are very nice but out of our current budget.Came in knowing what I wanted and met up with Jett at the front door. Just like the airplane. He was very friendly and most informative. I told him what I was looking for and what I was expecting and he took me directly over to a few choices that were just right. Nice!Went home and got the wife and came back that same evening. I typically know what she wants. The biggest issue is that I am tall and she is a bit vertically challenged. Found a Couch in a style she liked with a matching Chair in a slightly different style that fit my larger physique. 100% top grain leather for a reasonable price and no monkey bidness.Delivery was just when they predicted. Noticed a small defect in the stitching on one of the items and called customer service. They were happy to send out a replacement the SAME DAY to correct the issue. Ask for Jett and tell him Mr. Mark sent you. SCORE!
1	I had purchased a recliner form the RoomStore back in February of 2013. I was very happy with the chair until only about 8 months later the "leather" started to crack and peel off. Furthermore when you sat in the chair there would be black flecks on you after you got up. I called the roomstore and I was told that a company called Altered Designs would come to my house and inspect the damage. I was contacted a week later on Sunday evening at about 8pm. I called back on Monday morning during normal working hours and made an appointment for Thursday morning at 8am (the only time the worker would be in "my area". Thursday morning came and after 40 min without a call or them actually showing up I went to work. I called the roomstore to report the problem and I spoke to a Betty who placed me on hold while she called altered designs.  Once she returned to my call she said your appointment is for NEXT Thursday, I was sure that was not as Altered designs had contacted me 3 times that week. Betty was unable to help me fix the problem so I asked to speak to the assistant manager and at that point started to get a little extra attitude from Betty and she said that the assistant manager (Claudia) was "away from her desk in a meeting". So I asked Betty if there was a Manager (Tim) that I could speak to and I was given the same excuse, he was in a meeting. So I asked to contact the regional manager and once again was told that he was in a meeting. I called the corporate contact number that I had to find on my own and I explained the problem. They were helpful but could not help other than asking me to email pictures of the damage and to wait to be contacted later. The next day I was contacted by phone and was told that due to the fact that I did not report the damage within 3 days that it would not be under warranty (that we paid extra for) and that the only option that I had was to set up another appointment with Altered Designs and pay for the repair out of pocket.After doing a little research I have learned that the roomstore isn't even a member if the BBB, and has several bad reviews on their products and customer service online.  I only wish that I had done some homework before spending any money with this business. I strongly recommend that you stay faraway from the roomstore and its employees they are dishonest and do not stand behind their products.  They should change their name to "we don't give a fu*k about you after the sale is made store"After 20 years and 1.6 Billion in sales you would think they would care about their clientsI for one will NEVER be back.
1	I wish there were a negative rating on Yelp. We had been deciding between MOR, Ashley, Costco, and the Room Store for our furniture purchase. We finally decided to buy our furniture from the Room Store because the sales guy swore up and down that theirleather warranty couldn't be beat. Um, yeah - biggest mistake ever. We received our furniture and within a few months the leather started flaking off. Like, literal flakes of black glitter EVERYWHERE. We could live with the flakes, but finally we noticed holes starting to form in several areas. We called customer service and they said they'd be happy to send someone out under the warranty. A week later, someone called us to schedule the repair service but not only did they not show up or call on the date schueduled, customer service at the Room Store told us that because it looked like the damage had occurred more than three days ago, the warranty was now void. I seriously recommend you take your money and your business elsewhere. The craftsmanship is shoddy, the customer service blows, and the warranty is non-existent. They're not even accredited by the Better Business Bureau, and if you do your research online, you'll quickly see that the Room Store rarely honors their warranties. Shame on you Room Store.
3	We have shopped at the Roomstore before and had fairly decent experiences. They carry some really nice furniture and seem to have some good deals.  One thing that I don't like is that a lot of the furniture isn't priced and when you do find pricing there will be two completely different prices for the same piece. Our salesman wasn't pushy,  but he also didn't seem to care about our needs. He kind of seemed like he just wanted to hurry up and get out of there.  Basically, the store and the furniture are nice, but the overall experience was stale. We may return,  but only if we can't find what we are looking for anywhere else.
1	Let me start by saying if they had a zero star option, that is what I would give. On March 31st, we purchased our couch. Our experience at the store was very easy and our sales person seemed knowledgeable. We found a sectional that we liked and were able to customize it for ONLY a $100 more.  Our sales person told us that we would have the couch within 4-6 weeks. After about 3 weeks I called the store to ask for the status of our couch. This is when all the problems started. The store was unable to find our purchase. After a few hours of searching they were able to locate our order. They had the order under the wrong name and the contact phone number was transposed. That is when I started asking questions. They informed me that it was their error and they would update our information. At that same time I was told that our couch would be in their store the week of June 22nd.The following week I then called to check the status again. This was my first contact with Ricky (the store manager). He told me that it was his first day at that location and to please go easy on him. I simply asked for an update on our couch. That is when he told me that I was given the wrong information about when the couch was to arrive. He told me that my couch was not even going into production until July 8th. I asked if there was a way to expedite the order? I was told no.On July 8th, I contacted Ricky to get an update and he told me that the couch was in production and it would be on a truck by the end of the week. I then called Tim in their customer service department to ask if there was anything they could do to expedite our order so we could get the couch in the time they had promised. He informed me that he was unable to do anything but provided me with the regional managers contact information.I contacted Mike Norris with their corporate headquarters and left a message on July 14th to discuss the situation with my couch. That same day I also contacted the store to find out the status of my couch and was told by Ricky that the couch was on a truck and was on its way to the store. I asked Ricky where the couch was coming from so I could get an approximate date of arrival. Ricky told me that the couch was coming from CA and he wasn't sure where. Another lie. With trying to reach Mike Norris I was having zero luck. I then contacted Tim in customer service again on July 15th to find out if he could provide me with more information. That is when he informed me that my couch was NOT on a truck and they were hoping to get it on the following day! Another lie!On July 16th, I was finally able to reach Mike Norris and I told him of the entire situation. He apologized to me and told me that my couch was on a truck and he would further investigate all of the issues. I NEVER heard back from him. I have left several messages since. On July 18th, Ricky contacted me at 10:30 AM and asked if I would like the couch on a same day delivery... I said ABSOLUTELY! He told me that the couch would be on the truck that was departing at 4:00 PM and that the driver would call one hour in advance. I was so excited. They were finally going to do something right. At 8:00 PM I had not heard from the delivery truck drivers so I contacted the store. That is when I was told my couch was NOT on the truck. The store manager at that time again apologized and said she would have Ricky call me first thing in the morning.The following morning I did not receive a call, but my other half did. The store had left a message telling us that our couch was not going to be delivered until we paid the final balance. We were pissed. Why had no one told us that prior? They had 6 1/2 weeks to get it. We were also told by our sales person on day of purchase that we did not have to pay in full and could pay the remainder of the balance at delivery! Another lie. I contacted Ricky and was infuriated! After many choice words with him, we were told that because we had chose to customize/special order for our couch we would not receive a refund. We ended up paying the remaining balance and was told again the couch would be there after 4:00 PM with an hour call ahead. At about 1:30 PM we received a call that our couch was 20-30 mins out. The delivery driver came to our home and dropped off our couch. Out of curiosity we asked if he had just picked up the couch. Turns out our couch was on the morning delivery truck the entire time. Another lie!From this experience, I will NEVER purchase thru the room store AGAIN and would highly suggest no one else do the same. If you are looking for a headache free company do not buy through them. Also, if you are looking for a company that won't feed you lies, do not go to them! Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!
1	Not going to waste my time on a big review.....Love our mattress, and bedroom set! Its Beautiful and very well made :)As for our $2000.00 sectional hahaha - - -  what a JOKE! They delivered it, broken!Were not complainers, it still worked.But soon after we purchased it, we went to move it- to clean behind it---AND the gauges came apart!! (its the nice reclining chair one)MONTHS  and MONTHS have gone by, still NOONE will fix it!!!The parts are in, they have been in since OCTOBER!! its JANUARY PEOPLE!! PLEASE FIX MY COUCH!!!!
