5	Hands down the best bank in AZ.Three reasons why I chose MidFirst:1. I can use any ATM anywhere and MidFirst reimburses the fees2. Open 7 days a week, Extended hours M-F 7AM- 7PM3. GREAT customer service and a stunning banking center.
5	I have been with Midfirst Bank for over two years now and LOVE them.  Their customer service is the best around - bar none.I am getting 2% on my checking account balance and I don't have to have a huge balance in it.  All I have to do is have direct deposit and do 12 credit card like (use my Midfirst debit card as a credit card) transactions a month.I get more interest (2%) on my checking account that some people get on their 6 and 12 Month CD's without the hassle of locking up my funds.No ATM Fees, Sunday Hours, Extended Weekly Hours, Beautiful, well designed, elegant bank facilities!  What's not to like!They are NOT a publicly traded bank that is beholding to stockholders and Wall Streets quarterly whims.  Being private allows them to move quicker in the marketplace and keeps the business focus on what is important, the customer service.Old school, big banks forget that banking is just a service, a commodity offered by many different providers and that the service to the customer is the key to great long term profitability of the bank as a whole.A bank that focuses on "great customer service" will see they bottom line (i.e.profit) increase just like their number of customers.A bank that focuses on the "bottom line (i.e profit)" will fight to retain customers because they are focused on the wrong part of their business.
5	I just opened an account at this bank after many years of banking with one of the national large chain banks. MidFirst reminds of the local community bank your parents banked at where customer service is key and the needs of the customer are a priority. The product offering is highly competitive and I earn a very competitive rate on my checking account compared to other banks that require a significant amount on deposit. Additionally, I can use my ATM card anywhere without incurring fees.
5	I actually went to the location on Scottsdale/Shea but wanted to give a shot out to the AWESOME experience at this bank.  I have been with Bank of America (eek) for years and have finally had enough with their charges of $29 per month for my business account.  After some online research went into this location and worked with Kenny, who was amazing (all while under the weather).  He was quick and polite and really helpful.  You will feel like you are amongst family with their nice and polite customer oriented ways, not just another number FOR SURE.  I am so pleased to make this switch and cannot wait to do eveything through them all for FREE!!!
5	I am not a yelper but I am so impressed by Midfirst Bank and this location I had to. I only wish I could give them more than five stars. Every employee is beyond fantastic and their hours are not to even being close to being competed with. Gavin is a very genuinely helpful person and there should be more people like him; I am just lucky he's at MY bank!  I am only upset that I did not start banking here sooner and I now wonder why anyone would bank anywhere else. Thanks Midfirst Scottsdale!!!!
5	Love Midfirst! Great accounts, free ATMs, and superb customer service! They're the best!! Take that, BofA!!
5	I am sooooooo happy with them - it's been years since I didn't HATE my bank (BofA, Chase) and I forgot what customer service is and what it means when your bank cares about you. Every aspect of working with them is a plus. I cannot think of any negatives at all, really. They also have a free coin sorter, extended hours cold drinks, lollipops and cookies for my dogs! They have helped me with domestic and international banking and EVERY issue I have brought in has been resolved with concern and awesome followup. Remember when you LIKED your bank??Both Scottsdale locations are great, but if Tara at Greenway & 64th ever leaves, I will cry. But I won't leave MidFIrst.
5	How can you not give this bank a 5-star?  It opens on Sunday, most banks don't.  It extend their business hours Mondays thru Fridays, most banks don't.  It gives you unlimited uses of other banks' ATM and reimburse you with the fees, again, most banks don't give you that options at all, unless you have a lot of money in their bank and they maybe will give you 1 to 2 times free monthly.  Seriously, do try them first before you give a bad review.
