5	this place is great! there's a great vibe, and music that i've never heard before but i love it. the part that i love best is taking off my shoes and sitting straight on the ground. it's so relaxing and comfortable. it was my first time there yesterday, and i spent 4 hours there (on the floor) doing working... and actually being productive! you can tell that tea is their top priority, because... each type of tea comes in its own special tea pot. their collection is so extensive that the staff come by to help you out.  the service is amazing. i personally did not expect any service. i thought you order at the counter and that's that.. but no... they wait on you. it's pretty amazing. aside from tea, they also have small menu items to nosh on, such as hummus and baklava. there's more, but those were the only things i got, and they were delicious.i'm so glad to have this little place in my neighborhood! i will be visiting often.
3	Overall: this place has potential. I may upgrade it to 4 stars if they succeed in working out some of their growing pains.After much delay (something about tea being held in customs for a month), Dobra Tea opened its door just this past weekend. It seems to be trying to pack multiple tea-drinking cultures (e.g., Turkish, India, East Asian, etc.) all into one tiny room. I appreciate the concept, but I'm not sure if the execution is entirely successful. (For example, the place has a nice spicy aroma, but that wouldn't jive very well with a delicate Chinese white tea, say.)Some of my initial reactions:1) Their service format is not quite practical. A customer comes in, they offer you a seat, bring you a (long) menu and a little bell. You ring the bell to call over the wait person to order. They present you your tea service in dainty tea wares. When you are done, you ring the bell again to get the check. You settle the bill at the cash register.  Based on my observation of multiple teashops (many started off like this), this will not work in the long run.2) The menu is extensive (it is over 60 pages long). This is both a good thing and a bad thing. I love loose tea, so I appreciate that they offer such a wide range of choices.  However, I do wonder whether much of the less popular teas might become stale (I suppose they could regularly dump out older teas, but that would really hurt their profit margins). For any person new to teas, this menu may be a bit daunting. 3) The snack, dessert menu is also a bit all over the map. They plan to offer standard coffee shop items like brownies, middle eastern desserts like baklava, savories like olives and hummus, east asian sweets, and more substantial snacks as well. Again, the diverse offering will make keeping everything well stocked difficult. Today, my first choice of a pastry item was not available (they apologized and explained that they just opened) and my second choice (baklava) tasted a little stale already.4) There is wifi, but you have to ask for a password. I didn't bother.5) The price is higher than other teashops/cafes.Dobra Tea sits diagonally across from Te Cafe. The two places set up an interesting contrast with each other. Te Cafe is bright and spacious and a bit Starbucks-ish. Dobra Tea has more of a warm, dark, and cozy ambiance. Te Cafe seems to be primarily courting (grad) students. Dobra Tea may be hoping to attract die-hard tea enthusiasts. Are there enough of us in Pittsburgh to keep it afloat? Time will tell.
5	A wonderful addition to Squirrel Hill. I went there a few days ago with a party of two. We had three different teas. The staff pays great attention to the details of tea making: they advised us to take a bowl instead of a pot for two of the teas because the water had to be at a particular temperature (different one for each tea) which would be difficult to do in the pot.  Great choice of teas from all over Asia. The space is also very friendly and comfortable. It feels very relaxing. Finally, the prices are very reasonable and not at all nasty with your wallet. Go there folks. Make sure this place thrives.
5	For a tea lover this is EXACTLY what Pittsburgh needed! A tea paradise with over 100 different selections. As soon as I walked in I was in heaven.I think I weirded out the owner and server with how excited I was, but I really love tea! I just saw tea in the title as I was browsing Yelp and literally just went there. So I had no idea what to expect. I went prepared to either walk in to buy tea or sit down and work.Good thing is it's set up like a tea room, so you can sit down and enjoy your tea with friends or bust out some work (yay for me!). It's really cool inside. There's little rooms you can sit in with a group of friends that almost look like it could transport you to a different country. Adorable, really!There's literally a whole book full of teas you can order from. There's black, white, oolong, etc etc etc. Too too many to even name! I went with the Black Vanilla tea. It was delicious. Would have gone with a touch of milk, but I didn't know if it was "proper" to ask. They also have some very light snacks and desserts. I'm so excited to come back, I'm sure I'll get to the eats at some point. Although, I wasn't really a fan of the music. It was kinda like something you'd hear at a spa. If I had ear buds with me, I probably would have popped them in. But I get why they're playing it, for ambiance. Whatever, I'll be back working my way through the menu!
5	This place is awesome! I absolutely love the atmosphere inside- it feels like being transported to a new exotic place. They have a ton of different teas, and a really informative little menu book with more in depth descriptions of each tea. My only complaint maybe would be the limited number of outlets. This is probably better for casually meeting up with someone than for sitting down for a study session.
4	After a couple more visits, I've decided that I am, in fact, a fan of this place. So I have accordingly upped them to 4 stars.Some additional comments since the original post:* The size of the tearoom is larger than it seemed to me at first (a trick of the lighting -- the room is a long rectangle with natural light concentrated in the front of the store). * The seatings in the back of the room are more comfortable, and it's also more spacious with nicer  ambiance back there. * That they serve different styles of teas in (approximately) culturally appropriate tea wares is a nice touch.* The little bells they give to the customers to call the wait staff are not as distracting or annoying as I thought they might be.* I've not encountered any further heavily spiced aroma since the first time. The music is usually played at a nice, not distracting, volume level.* Using their wifi is still not very convenient. You have to type in the password each time.* I still think they offer too many food items -- so they are either out of some things or they'd have to serve some things in their less optimal state -- one time when I ordered pita breads, they arrived warm, fluffy and nice, another time, they arrived warm but dried.* The people  who work there are attentive and friendly. They do have a tendency to talk a lot amongst themselves -- not just chit-chatting, but about the running the business -- which can be a little distracting. (I have to admit that one of the reasons I gave them a 3 stars after the first visit was because I couldn't help overhearing them strategizing on how to find Yelp reviewers to review their shop. But after some thoughts, I think I was too harsh -- they were a new business, so they clearly have a lot on their minds.)
4	I discovered this place thanks to Yelp and after vicariously experiencing it through Yelp finally made it there to form my own opinions!  The ambiance is wonderful.  There are many cozy nooks with pillows and platforms where one can recline for a nice chat.  The music was extremely worldly but not identifiable as any one culture (Radio Tarifa) which I feel is the vibe they are going for in general.The tea menu comes in a 60 page binder, I kid you not.  It can be hard to choose from all of the options!  The main downside is the price ($6 for a cup of tea seems a bit much.)  I realize some of the offerings may be exotic and for the proper tea connoisseur this may be no big deal, but the price is the main factor that will prevent me from coming too often.
4	Talk about relaxing! Such a great place to meet a friend. First date. I am a tea person so the extensive tea menu is right up my alley. I had the baba ganoush and snuck some wonderful olives off my companion's dobra plate. Delish! For desert, baklava and a chocolate medicine ball. I will return often.
5	A tea lovers dream. The atmosphere is perfect for studying or chatting with a friend. The chai is amazing!I just hope they have mochi in stock soon!!! XD
5	For the past few months, every time I passed by Murray I would notice this little tea room, so I finally decided to try it with some friends.Personally, I prefer drinking tea to coffee, but in Pittsburgh, the only tea place I have tried is Teavana, and it is kind of far away. So having this tea room so much closer to where I live is definitely a good thing. We went into this place after a hot and tiring kayaking trip. The cool temperature, dim lit room, and the plethora of fragrances of many teas and spices were extremely cooling and refreshing. The menu was a book of hundreds of teas, and it was not easy to choose what to order, since everything sounded great. In the end, we each ordered an iced tea. I got the Forest Dragon. The mix of matcha flavor and fragrance of jasmine was something I have never thought of, but turned out to be a wonderful combination. My friends ordered the Bees Knees, a coconut water-based tea, and the Chilled Chai. All three teas were perfect for a hot sunny day.The service was good. People who work there were attentive and patient when explaining all the different teas.I will definitely like to visit this place again.
5	Tea Nirvana. 60 page book of awesome teas + Super-helpful staff who know their stuff + Plenty of room and comfy seating (Hurray for personal space!) + Music that isn't distracting when you're working/talking/reading/etc. + Fantastic, healthy snack food = Perfection. I really love this place. The atmosphere, the tea, true - It can be a bit pricy - but I haven't found any place like this in Pittsburgh and I believe it's worth it. I never thought I'd find a tea-house in Pittsburgh to rival some of the ones I went to in DC but Dobra has proved me wrong.
5	Man, I wish I actually lived in Pittsburgh. This would easily be a go-to place, good for anything from lazy conversations with friends, to a focused work-day on my laptop, to an afternoon with a book. Cozy atmosphere with colorful tapestries and pillows.The people who work here know about their tea, and I KNOW they know about their tea, because I've been a tea enthusiast pretty much since I was born. The selection is huge, enough to keep even tea connoisseurs coming back repeatedly.Another great feature: the tea itself is steeped in a small cup, but you're provided with a pitcher of boiling water that is kept hot over a candle. Good for steeping and resteeping over a couple hours.A great find!
5	A very cozy tea house. They stock an extensive tea selection (the menu is 60 pages long). Fortunately, the staff is quite helpful and patient with the most indecisive of customers. The atmosphere is relaxing with your only worry being which delicious tea to try next.Personally, I really enjoyed the touareg tea - a Moroccan green mint tea with hints of citrus (possibly orange).It's a worthy place to check out if you're in Pittsburgh (especially the Squirrel Hill neighborhood).
5	Convenient venue for meetings, gatherings, book clubs, etc, because the numerous half-open/half-separate rooms provide for focus as well as creativity. Hundreds of teas, each delicious and unique. Traditional tea service available. The seating is a treat, with a selection of chairs, benches, cushions, and loveseats. Pleasant music that doesn't distract me from a task. For just a few bucks, I can drink special and expertly brewed tea for hours. And the staff is always adorable, very nice, and competent.
4	This is quickly becoming my favorite place to study in Sq Hill. The atmosphere is really relaxing, and you have a nice amount of privacy that you don't get at other coffee/tea shops. The tea selection is epic, and the staff are really nice and attentive.  A little bit pricey,  but worth it for the experience
5	Hands down the best place for tea in Pittsburgh. Great atmosphere, wonderful variety of teas with a friendly knowledgeable staff. It's the perfect escape from the cold!
4	Unusual, exotic fun.  Everyone should at least try this place.  Great place to experience something different.  I went during the Bellydance Hafla, but there are all kinds of events held at Dobra.  There are all kinds of nooks to sit and talk, this place is warm and welcoming.  Plenty of teas to choose from, wonderful ambiance.
1	I gave Dobra tea one star not because the tea isn't great, but because the service is consistently rude, and slow. I went to Dobra with 6 other people today as part of a meetup. No, we could not have seperate checks. No, we could not have the check while we sat, we had to go up to the register and figure it out. There were THREE other people in the entire cafe and they couldn't be bothered to even bring us the check? Then at the register the waiter was beyond rude because EGADS! two people asked for change for a $20 and "we should have asked for the check while we were seated". Ya, we did ask you but you said no. What on earth is wrong with these people? This was on top of his general rudeness and huffiness towards us the entire time we were there. We've had rude service before and don't think we'll be going back. One of the other women at the meetup said that during one of her previous times at Dobra she asked about the waiter's opinions on dessert and his answer was "I don't eat sweets, Sugar is death". Ummm, your opinions on sugar are not what she asked for. If Dobra wants to stay in business then they need to be a little nicer to paying customers.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place.  You go in, have a seat either at a table or the carpeted floor seating areas (I'm sure they have a name, but I don't know what they are called).  A server brings you a menu book (it's really a book with all kinds of teas, and explanations of each, and how different teas are made and grown).  The waiter also brings you a bell and you ring whenever you're ready or if you need anything during your visit.  It's a great place to relax, have a philosophical discussion with friends or strangers.  Pleasant atmosphere and helpful wait staff.  Perfect place for a tea guru or the beginner.  My first time there we sat for at least 2.5 hours and it was great.  I wish there was a place like this closer to where I live.
1	I used to love this place. But, I'm giving the rating for the horrible service. The tea & sweets are excellent, but the service is so bad they should be ashamed of themselves. There's only 5 of these throughout the nation I think, and Pittsburgh is getting the worse comments. No menus or a bell was a given and we weren't greeted at all, in fact, they put the CLOSED sign 1 1/2 hrs in advanced right when we were about to walk in. There was only 4 of us so not sure about the rude looks...perhaps because we're not white (Which is pretty typical in Pgh, but NEVER acceptable). We understood the 30 minute rule so quickly ordered 1 1/2 hrs prior to closing. When I simply asked if we can get a cup, the waitress flipped out and said they're closing in an hr and said all this gibberish about customers coming in etc. when all we wanted was just a yes or no, so we took that as a no when she didn't finish her sentences and walked away. Okay fine, we will share our cups between the four of us, but don't freak out...it's not like she had a job like ours where you're saving a dying person daily and under that kind of stress. The workload isn't horrible to grab us an extra cup geez. How bad was it? Had to go up to the register to order and get menus and questioned if we needed to wait it ourselves. Will go here again for the tea, but just grabbing it to-go instead, but no tips anymore.
2	While Dobra Tea is absolutely beautiful inside, the male owner is rude and unfriendly, and the wifi has not worked for me (I'm a grad student, and need to do homework there). Te Cafe (right across the street) has way better customer service and their tea is equally as good (if not better).  I've given this place three tries, and will not be going back.
5	I live opposite this place and absolutely love it. The staff are well informed about their pretty comprehensive menu (they all have to go through a certification). Must try the chai, is the  closest you will come to authentic indian tea. Great space and love the occasional belly dance.
5	If you're a tea lover and you live in PGH, you must give Dobra Tea a try.  They offer teas you can't find anywhere else in the city from at least five (maybe six) continents.  I've come here on several occasions (the last one being while back), and have ordered the rooibos, chai, and even a clear, delicate type of tea that had a flower that bloomed in the pot as you watched!  You can order tea by the pot here, so I always come with some friends and split two pots with them. We've also ordered some of the snacks, as well, including the cinnamon orange slices, which were yummy and an interesting change of pace from the baked goods that most other local coffee and tea shops serve.Aside from the gargantuan selection of teas (you order from a menu that's quite literally a book--with chapters, no less!), the atmosphere of this place is quite distinctive.  While there are some regular tables in the front, I enjoy sitting in the rooms in the back, in which you sit on cushions and sip your drinks from low tables.  These rooms are cordoned off from one another with opaque, velvety curtains, giving you the feeling that you're somewhere in the Orient, rather than in the middle of Sq. Hill in PGH!  Service has always been fine, if a bit slow, but I kind of feel like that's to be expected in a place like this, which clearly wants you to savor your tea and provide you with an experience, rather than a mere beverage.
5	Chill place for tea. Brought some friends here and they were very impressed. I really liked the masala tea
4	Great place for tea! I was skeptical when it first opened next to several other successful coffee/tea shops, but I thought I'd give it a try! I was very pleasantly surprised with the great varieties of tea. The staff was very knowledgeable and eager to help me make a decision. They keep a little book about the different teas you can order, and I learned a lot by reading through it. That was pretty cool. They really want you to enjoy tea, not just spend your money, which is really nice.I liked the variety of places to sit as well. Good for groups, where you can sit on fun little seat things in a booth type area, or good to just grab a little solo table by yourself or with a date. The employees give you a little bell to ring if you need something, so otherwise you're left to yourself, which is kind of nice! I wouldn't say the atmosphere is "cozy," but it is pretty quiet!I've never been on an "event" type of night, but I would love to stop in when they are having belly dancing!The only thing I have to say is that when I have gone, it's been relatively dark. In my experience, it's not a great place to go and read a book since the lighting is dimmer.
5	Ok, yes, this is a review on a tea house written by somewhat of a coffee geek. But hey, now I realize... Tea is great too.So many selections of loose leaf teas, plus bubble tea! If you like red tea, please try the rooibus bubble tea. Best bubble tea ever.Service was excellent too. I accidently rang a bell that was sitting on the table and a guy came running like I was king of the place.Definitely worth passing most coffee shops for this.
5	Best place to work and they have belly dancers.
5	Great Tea, Great snacks, AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE. Good place to be at on a cozy evening or weekend.
5	My favorite tea place in Pittsburgh! The owner, Nate, as well as the rest of the staff, are friendly and always give good tips on their selection. The aforementioned selection is beyond expansive! The atmosphere is key and keeps you in the shop longer than you'd initially expected. I usually come with a book or a friend, and just soak in the vibes. I live down the street and I know from multiple visits that it is an absolutely wonderful place to go.
5	This is, by far, the most amazing tea place I've ever been to! Walk in the doors and make a right to escape to a foreign land! The ambiance is so beautiful with Middle Eastern, or "Bohemian" influences. There is so much tea to choose from and there are also small eats available. Here is a link to their menu: http://dobrateapgh.com/menu/. This is a great place to order a pot of tea and talk to an old friend, or meet for tea with someone for the first time! It is fairly quiet in here, even at busier hours of the day, which makes for nice conversing. The staff is friendly and helpful if you are looking to try something new! I really hope that you try this hidden gem! No where else can you experience such culture and unique teas all in one!
5	Magical things happen at Dobra. Conversations more stimulating, atmosphere more relaxing, and tea more aromatic. There are so many different kinds of tea to choose from that it has something to please any tastebud. I prefer the rooibus tea and Memories of Prague. The service is fantastic as well. My only complaint is that i was unimpressed by the Chai pie, perhaps because it was a bit of a tea overload.However if you want to stew in great conversation with friends while sampling some exceptional pots of tea, Dobra is the place to be.
5	Dobra is a really cool place. They have regular tables, but also little cushions where you and your friends can sit comfortably around a table that is much closer to the floor. They give you a bell to ring when you want someone to some to your table, so they don't have to constantly check in (also- you get to ring a little bell for service and it's kind of fun and amusing).They have a billion different teas and a good selection of interesting snacks to eat. I highly recommend dobra if you're looking for a new and interesting place to drink your tea/do homework/play on your laptop/read/have a get together with friends.
4	Love coming here with my kids!  A unique tea experience, tons of great memories here.  It is quiet and sometimes crowded, so my kids need to be in a serene mood for this to be a good fit ;)
5	Go.  Now.  Go to Dobra Tea.  Don't read any more reviews.  Just go there.  The fact that you're sitting somewhere else and not at Dobra Tea right now means you're going to feel like an idiot for not going sooner when you get there.It's obvious the owners and staff really care about the environment and their craft, and I don't think I've ever witnessed that at any other establishment anywhere. It's not just tea, it's an experience.  I felt like an Arabian princess.I was astounded by the details (the Dobra Tea logo on the mugs and pots, the carpet nailed to the walls with a space cut out for an outlet, etc).  It smells pleasant, the music is really soothing, it's perfect if you need to find some peace and quiet to just chill or if you want to get some work done.The only criticism I have is that the table had wet spots on it (probably from being recently cleaned) and I was a little surprised that we didn't receive more than a couple cocktail napkins-- we ordered crystallized ginger, 2 teas, 3 cookies, & the hummus plate, so I feel a few more napkins would've been smart, but it really wasn't a big deal, and I was too mesmerized by the place so I neglected to ask any of the two servers who handled us.Again, I've never been somewhere before where the passion for the art of the product has been so abundant and the attitude of the staff has been so gracious.  I was blown away.If I lived closer, I would be there every day. Read about the origins of the place on the first page of the menu!  This location is only the FIFTH in the United States!  How lucky are we, Pittsburgh?!??
