5	I've been a fan of the original Vegas Hot on Rainbow going on three years now so this Summerlin location is just an added bonus as far as providing more class times between two locations.  This location is much smaller and only has one room as of now but I understand another room is being constructed.  Another drawback of this location is only one bathroom but for now that doesn't appear to be a problem as it's not as crowded as the Rainbow location.  They also only offer Pilates and yoga classes currently but hopefully that will change in the near future as well.
5	Love having this new location! Not as crowded as the rainbow location. Patrick Mason and Lisa Davis are amazing :)) wish they would get a couple early morning classes tho.
5	I have been coming to Vegas Hot now for about 3 months and I couldn't be happier. All of the instructors are wonderful. I typically go to either Hot Pilates or Hot Sculpt 4 days a week. I have lost over 25 lbs and am in the best shape of my life. Thank you Vegas Hot for having such an amazing studio with such great staff. I highly recommend this place to all my friend, and all the fellow yelpers.
2	There is a reason this is the cheapest chain of studios in town.Dirty, grimy feeling throughout the facility.  Not enough variety of classes or instructors.  Need to add vinyasa flow and yin classes to the schedule.I can only go during the daytime before 5pm, and there are literally only 2 class options for me daily.Julie is there four mornings a week, and her yoga class is about as enjoyable as a root canal.  She seems to lack any compassion or patience.  Her Pilates and sculpt are ok, but I recommend Brigita,Tatiana or Seashell for Yoga.You may want to bring your own weights to sculpt classes because they usually do not have enough to go around.  Yes they have showers but they are high school locker room style, with multiple shower heads in one big space.  Thanks but no thanks.I really wanted to like this place after moving just down the street, but there are so many other great yoga studios in town that are more deserving of my time and money.
1	This location closed ..................................................... ...................................................................................
1	They just closed permanently without any notice to members. Seriously, this place sucks. Lacking compassion and always dirty. There was a MAJOR ant infestation as well. What a disappointment!!
