4	Walking distance to Chase Field makes this a popular destination. The Mexican food is very good, the drinks are cheap, they have a huge outdoor patio, a large bar area, and you can wobble over to the ballgame when you're finished.If you get here early enough you can park in their own private lot for free.
2	Looks like I went to the wrong place. . .I was hoping to go to the same Tee Pee Tap Room where the American Progressive band Cartoon first planned their compositions.  Apparently that was the OTHER Tee Pee Tap Room.How was the food here?  Well, lets just say that we all know what The Great Cornholio does with "tee pee".I ordered a two enchilada plate.  The refried beans tasted really fresh. . .from the can.  That was pretty much how the whole of the meal was.  It was edible, but not enjoyable.  I was hoping to have a decent meal in a place with some history, and instead I have a meal in the wrong restaurant that was on the bad side of mediocre.  There are many good Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  The Tee Pee Tap Room (at least this place) is not one of them.
3	Tee Pee used to be one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city, but upon recently revisiting, they're no longer a stand out. Expect traditional, Sonoran-style Mexican food that's good but not great. If you're in the area craving some Mex, I wouldn't tell you to avoid it, but I won't be rushing back here any time soon...they're not much better than some Mexican restaurant chains.
2	This place is not even mediocre. Upon entering we were sat immediately, seeing as the restaurant wasn't all that busy. We were greeted at our seat pretty quickly and the server was friendly, and that is why I am giving this place two stars...it is definitely not for the food. Actually I take that partially back, the chips and salsa were good. The salsa was nice and spicy. I ordered the Mexican Pizza. It came on a thin tortilla with cheese, ground beef, onion, and a slice of green chili on each slice (I enjoyed the chili). I expect a Mexican Pizza to be thick and crunchy; however, this was flimsy and greasy. I couldn't even pick up a slice without it completely falling apart. In addition, I must have went through ten napkins trying to sop the grease from my hands. It was a little better when I piled salsa on top of each bite, but it was not something I would ever consider ordering again. My mom ordered the lunch special of two tacos with rice and beans. Now I cannot discuss the taste of her meal, because I didn't try it; however, the taco shells were just plain, out of the box hard corn taco shells. I've never understood why a Mexican restaurant wouldn't spend more time on the things that make Mexican restaurants great. Tortillas are amazing. I love them, and I think the majority of people feel the same way. This is why I cannot stand to see a boxed taco shell in a Mexican restaurant. I've made homemade taco shells at home in the past, and it is not hard. This one little thing would improve this place immensely. The service here was pretty good, but the food left a lot to be desired.
2	2 stars for the service and speed, but don't expect inteligent cuisine. Quick and easy, not good and cheap.
1	Talk about bad Mexican food.  Stale grocery store taco shells, boiled shredded beef, and the blandest refried beans you've ever had.  The salsa is decent, but that's about it.  Won't be going back.
3	Ride the light rail from Tempe. Go to Monster Jam early to use Pit Pass. Take a break and walk to Tee Pee Tap Room for dinner. Return to Chase Field for Monster Jam Show.Convenience alone, I'd give Tee Pee Tap Room 5 stars. Walking distance from Chase Field it's a great place to go that's off the beaten path and not quite as loud and chaotic as some of the other places surrounding the ballpark.It's definitely not my favorite place for mexican food, but at a recent Monster Truck Jam with the 5 year old nephew and family we were able to break away and grab some food with the kids in a relaxed environment. They have Negra Modelo, enough said. I can separate the foodie critic in me and appreciate the food service (which was excellent) and being able to enjoy a post-pit, pre-show dinner with a table for 8 even if it is just OK food.
3	I meet my sister here for lunch sometimes, one of the reasons is simply because they have their own parking lot!The food isn't the best Mexican I have ever had, but it is pretty decent.  The service at lunch is always really efficient, they get you in and fed in about 30 minutes...perfect for lunch!  They give you two different salsas, and neither are for the faint of heart, both pack quite a bit of heat.They usually have 3 lunch specials, which run around $7.  They do a good job with their version of Green Chile Beef and the beans are pretty good.Overall, a good place when trying to meet someone downtown...consistent food and easy, free parking!
4	Wife and I stopped in last week for a quick bite.Great chips and salsa, fresh chips and the salsa is house-made; with good heat.Machaca was very good, and ground beef tacos good too.It's very clean and the Mexican food is Sonoran/AZ style. Predictable, tasty, good but not awesome. Lots of free parking and close to Chase Field!
3	Been here a few of times for lunch.  The lunch specials are a good deal.  I agree with Jenn E., the food is not the best Mexican food around but it pretty good.  I also get the chicken chimi...
3	We have ate her twice in the last 4  months, both times were prior to a D back and Suns game. It is a great spot to stop and satisy your hunger with thier mexican food. Food is good and portions are fair. On both separate occasions, I have to say that their service was extra fast. Both times, we only had enough time to go to the restroom and when we returned, food was at our table. It was the quickest service, which is a huge plus when your trying to get to a game!
2	We had a little extra time before a Diamond Backs game and decided to stop in here for a couple beers.  The guy behind the bar was a total D-bag.  We ordered 2 pints and he didnt even fill our glasses up all the way.  After the game we stopped again, same thing.  Then we ordered 2 Jager bombs.  Instead of having separate glasses for the shot and red bull, he mixed them.  And he knew that wasn't the way youre supposed to make it because he made a comment about it.  The guy made several rude comments and seemed to be trying to get us out of there...and it's only 8:45. For the prices they charge here, i want my shots made the right way, my beer filled up and with a little less douchebaggery!  Only reason they get 2 stars is for the extremely convenient location and 3 flat screens in the bar area.
3	I think Tee Pee is getting a bit of a bad rap.  I come here frequently for lunch and haven't had any problems with the service outside of waiting a bit too long for drink refills (understandable during a busy lunch rush).  It's utility Sonoran style Mexican food and it does the job.
3	The Yelp reviews might mislead you.  Tee Pee is not great, but it is good.  Located right across the street from Chase Field, Tee Pee is convenient for a pre-Diamondbacks game meal or a beer, and offers reasonably priced parking if you are going to the game.  Food was surprisingly good.  I read the reviews and wasn't expecting much.  What I got was decent home-made salsa with good enough chips, and main courses that were plain good.  Prices are a fraction of what you'll find at the ball game.  Service was fast enough, though not exactly friendly.  I didn't mind.  Tee Pee exceeded my expectations.
4	I was always skeptical of this place, but was pleasantly surprised today.  We checked it out for lunch and ate at the bar, so we could watch college football.  The atmosphere is nothing special, but the service and food were great!  Our server was very friendly and extremely efficient.  The food was actually very good.  I enjoyed enchiladas with beans and rice and was very pleased with my choice.
1	Waited at our table for 25 minutes before we were helped, we were served cold food, and the waitress told us we couldn't split our checks between 2 people... Hmmm id say it was definitely not a good experience.
3	Solid place to hit up before a baseball game.
4	Very good salsa. Cops from fresh tortillas.  Food was tasty.  Service was friendly.  Prices very reasonable.  Not much of a wine selection but hey what do you expect.
1	Usually very pleased with Tee Pee, especially before a DBacks game. But tonight two really disappointing things happened. First, we arrived about 40 min before the game and the main wave of people were already gone. We were alone in the dining room and I mean alone - as in no waitresses for 5 minutes. Beer glasses were warm (they'd just been washed! We were told) and only 2 small bowls of chips for 6 people. Most disappointing, though, was that my grandfather forgot his jacket in the booth when we left for the game. I called 20 min later from inside the ballpark and was told it couldn't be found. After the game my mom scoured the place and it was still MIA. Very sad to think it was taken.
4	The fish tacos aren't miss leading. Best Fish Tacos!!! I've ever had. These are not your run of the mill deep fried rubbery fish tacos. They use well seasoned fish fillet not fried and not little bits and pieces. Big and fresh. I highly recommend them and that's coming from picky of an eater. Another big plus it's right next to chase field parking is free if you dine in during events.
