1	It is a rare occasion for me to write a poor review. This pest-control company actually fired us as customers when we called to tell them we were not happy, because we still had a lot of bugs after their initial visit and wanted them to come spray again.  They felt we were unreasonable?????  I saw more disgusting bugs after they came than beforehand.  This is not a company I would recommend to anyone...as you can see from the photo I posted of the cricket that just jumped out of my drawer in scared me half to death... Post pest control... That's just the one bug I happened to get a picture of. Yuck!  I HATE BUGS... they scare me!!!  I swear the antennas on that thing were 3 inches long!  Gross! They told us we needed to give it more time....right!  It's been "more time" and I still have a ton of bugs!
1	Since writing this review, we've had another local pest control company out to spray our house and property.  It's been just over 24 hours and I see dead bugs everywhere!  I don't remember seeing anything other than some dead ants in our pool after Blue Sky was out.  I'm sorry, but still a 1 star.
4	We switched to Blue Sky last summer and my husband & I have been so happy with their service, friendly attitude, and knowledge of their craft.  We have been homeowners in Phoenix for over 30 years and I have never had such a GREAT exterminator.  Nathan is wonderful, friendly, thorough, cheerful, responsible and when they say the window is between 3 and 5, its nice to see that he comes closer to 3 than 5, which is never the case with most services.  Thanks, Nathan.
5	I am very impressed with Blue Sky Pest Control - far more than with any of the other firms I've used over the years.My house is five years old and so it was time to have it re-treated for termites. I called Blue SKy for that and at the same signed up for a year of bi-monthly pest control treatments.  I'v now had my third interaction with Blue Sky techs and I am very pleased. They are knowledgable, friendly, and responsive.  Even my wife made the same comment.  She is the one who had most of the interactions with the previous pest control firms and made the same comment that Blue Sky seems to be a heck of a lot better than any of the others.
