3	I've been to the Broadway Cheesecake on President Kennedy so I guess this review only applies to that location. Anyway, what I like about BC is that they offer mini cupcake versions of their cheesecake, so it's smaller than a slice, which is sometimes too heavy. I had the strawberry white chocolate cheesecake, and well, it tasted like cheesecake. It wasn't GREAT by any means, but tasted pretty average. Next time I come, I'm definitely giving their food a try- the menu looks pretty appetizing!The staff were super friendly and McGill students get 10% with their student cards!
4	Desserts are really good and worth going for. All kitchen food is not bad, but definitely not their specialty.
4	Best cheesecake ever!!!!They have a lot to choose from too so it more interesting if your like me and go often.They have food and it's good but clearly not their specialty.I have not tried their drinks because I only go there for cheesecake and I have no complaints with those.You can get a piece, a whole cake and even cupcakes. Not too expensive a piece is around 7$ or so but all worth it
4	Love this place! My go to when I'm not sure what I want to eat considering they have so many options, or when I want a piece of their cakes. The service is friendly, the young asian girl is amazing at her job and makes me smile, and you can hang out if you feel like just having a coffee and dessert. Open late and they have good music on for the atmosphere. Maybe make the filtered coffee free refill, but I've asked before and they never had a problem with it. See you soon!
4	I love this place I always go there when I'm really hungry and i'm in Laval around 10 pm.  The food is really good so are the drinks and there is a lot to choose from.  The cheesecake for dessert is amazing and theree's a lot of variety.  Only thing keeping me from giving this place a 5 stars is that some of the waitresses give really poor service but other than that it's good place to go enjoy a meal and some drinks with friends or your loved one.
4	Been on a road trip from Alberta to Montreal this place is the cake , amazing cheese cakes good , I'm glad I don't live here or I need to join weight watchers !!
