4	I bought four new tires and got an oil change from this Pep Boys. The guys working there were really nice, seemed to enjoy their job and went out of their way to find me the best price on tires.  I would choose Pep Boy's over other competitors because of this interaction. I didn't give them five stars because they forgot to change the mileage sticker for my next oil change but, it was a small oversight and it didn't  detract much from the overall experience.
5	Very impressed with this Pep Boys.While I was out of town, my wife's car died on Sahara and she limped into this location.  I didn't think they'd be able to help her since she drives a Mercedes C32 AMG and parts are expensive and scarce.  Pep Boys diagnosed a faulty alternator and said they could have a rebuilt alternator the next day and install it for a pretty reasonable fee (much lower cost than the Mercedes dealer).  I normally wrench on my own cars, but since I was unavailable we let them make the repair.The guys in the store were very friendly and they kept the car overnight, then had it repaired the next morning as promised.  I inspected the car upon my return and the repair was completed correctly.SIX MONTHS LATER: The rebuilt alternator failed.  It had a one-year warranty so we called Pep Boys' 800 number and they arranged a tow to the nearest Pep Boys.  That wound up being the store at corner of Lake Mead and Las Vegas blvd.  That location completely screwed up the repair (look for my 1-star review of that location) and THEY eventually recommended we take the car to the Sahara store.Kevin, the manager at the Sahara Pep Boys, took ownership of the problem created by the North Las Vegas store. He made it clear he would ensure we were happy with the result, and he was true to his word.  He repaired the car, to include ordering new parts from Germany to replace the parts damaged by the NLV store.  He definitely went above-and-beyond to ensure our car was repaired properly and didn't charge us for the extra labor or the additional parts needed to put the car back into perfect condition.  We are very happy with this Pep Boys location, and can recommend them without hesitation!
4	i took my 96 impala in for a oil change, it seemed a little disorganized at first but the service was excellent.
5	Wow.  How much was I impressed? First time here and I will always be thankful. Talk to Jason (I think he was a service rep/manager).  These guys deserve more than 5 stars.  Will sit with you (actually sat down next to me) and listen to exactly what is and isn't with your car.  Explained exactly what is needed and what could wait a few miles, gave me a discount, my car sounds great!!  Like many who wrote here about this location, I am VERY IMPRESSED.  THE BEST.
5	Wonderful and honest!!We drove in to Las Vegas noticing a potential issue with the car.  We made a weekend appointment to have everything checked out.After 45 minutes with the car, the mechanic reported back that the issue was being caused by slight uneven wear on the tires.  He said that everything else looked great and that we did NOT need to repair anything for the time being.For $20, we received piece of mind.  Instead of charging us $500-$1000 (we figured it was a bushing issue, bad struts and/or bad shocks), we drove away with money to spend on the Strip.HIGHLY RECOMMEND Pep Boys on East Sahara.  BRAVO!
1	I actually read all of the wonderful reviews for this one and decide to go in. I went ahead and made appointment for my car on my day off 3 days in advance online. Seemed pretty easy. Went in 15 minutes early from my appointment, got checked in. Wasn't given a time estimate for they would be done but since I had appointment I figured it wasn't going to be very long. Boy, I was wrong. 1 1/2 hours later my car hasn't moved. Went up to the front to ask what was going on, they said they had a few cars in front of me. I asked "Well I made a appointment online, does that count worth anything?" He replied "No, not really. You still have a hour wait time." Towards the end of this forever wait time this brunette young girl, came in and stated that she has something wrong with her car. Another employee went ahead and stated "Sure go ahead and bring your car around back, I can look at it right now."  My car still hasn't moved from the front of the store. I was so upset, I just left. Best part of all, when they had to go and look at few things in the car to get the paperwork started, the guy couldn't even figure out how to open the hood of the car.  I ended up having to go outside and show them.  Made me feel very uneasy. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone under any circumstances.
5	I came in to purchase a headlight. It was confusing because there are 3 different headlights for my vehicle but Gerald Iwanylo ( the manager ) was very helpful and called the VW dealer for me to make sure I purchased the right one for my car. He was very helpful. I was  impressed that he took the time to do that for me. I will definitely return to them for my automotive needs.
5	This location for Pep Boys FOUND AND CORRECTLY FIXED what the other Pep boys had repeatedly missed and incorrectly fixed on the brakes for our F-150. They were honest about techs showing up and wait time. They honored all warranties for parts and labor (from the other Pep Boys mistakes) and explained the new warranties we got!They also let us do an ebay search from our phones for the cheapest calibers we could find, and PRICE MATCHED the lowest cost for their parts! Plus we got their warranties on top of it for the parts :) They took us out to the bay, and showed us what was actually happening to the calibers to make them stick, so we understood why what was happening shouldn't be happening! Hand bleed our brake fluid, when the machine couldn't do it properly! Very impressed by the tech, Christophe, and was honored by his enthusiasm when he got the job done right! Great job by the store manager, little put of by the shortness of the bay manager(he did offer the price match when we questioned the store price for the calibers though), and the techs themselves were great. Thanks guys!I did haggle A TON with these guys too, and they bore it willingly to keep the sale, and make it right.   I didn't know this until today(should have asked before), but Pep Boys does 10% Military/Veteran Discount.
2	Brought my car in because my AC wasn't working and it sounded like my compressor was dead. Went in at 9:00am on a Sunday morning and was told that the car would be ready by end of day. Car wasn't done until 9:00pm Monday night.
5	Our car overheated during a trip from LA to Las Vegas on a late Friday night.  After a 80 mile tow from a AAA endorsed tow truck driver, we stopped here on a Saturday morning to get the car repaired.  The Honda dealership was too busy.   We explained that we were on a cross country trip and we needed to get out of Vegas ASAP.  Saul, who waited on us, listened to the car's repair history and worked with us to diagnose the problem.  After about three hours, the car was repaired (it needed a new fan relay switch) and we were on our way.  Saul was wonderful, he even gave us a discount.  Pep Boys saved our trip.
4	All I can say is that these guys saved my weekend.We had a flat tire on I15 heading home to the LA area after 6pm on a Saturday night.  Called roadside assistance who could help change the spare, but no help with tire repair/replacement since the dealerships are not open UNTIL MONDAY.  In a panic I started calling local shops looking for a tire.  Spoke to Gloria at Pep Boys and she not only confirmed that they stock the tire I need, she took my #, confirmed in inventory, and called me back - all while I'm waiting on the side of the freeway.   She also confirmed that they would get the tire on my car THAT NIGHT.  Once we got there, we found both Gloria and Ricky very friendly and helpful.  They ended up staying a bit late to get us taken care of - and at a price that was very reasonable.I have never considered Pep Boys for tires before, but I will now.  I can't speak to their other services, but I can highly recommend them for tire service.
1	On August 30, 2013, I was staying at the LVH right around the corner from this store. Due to the heat, my battery in the truck died, but I was able to get it jumped. The Bellman at the hotel recommended going to this Pep Boys. I drove there and parked in the "drive-up" service area, yet after 15 minutes, no one came to help. So I walked inside and went to the service area. There was a young blond girl and a young man there. Neither of them even bothered to look up and greet me, or even ask what they could do for me. Instead, they kept their faces at their computers and probably hoped I would go away. After another 15 minutes of standing there, some other guy told me I was in the wrong place and sent me to another counter. After another 15 minutes, and still no one helped me, I got frustrated and left. I drove Autozone across the street and got all kinds of help. Got the new battery, they loaned me tools to get it out, and refunded me for my old battery. It just amazes me that a Pep Boys store so close to the casinos wouldn't be a little more helpful, and maybe friendly. Not even a "Welcome", or "hello" was given to me. I would have been happy with a "We aint got time for you pal, so bug off." Well, that is kind of what I got. They couldn't care a less that I left............ Its just sad because they could make so much money at that location with out of town folks. They really need to work on their customer service. Go somewhere else folks.
5	Got a flat tire while in Vegas for the weekend - decided to try this Pep Boys mostly because it was a Sunday and the only place open that could look at my tire on such short notice.  Saul and Chris totally helped me out and made our day by being so funny and friendly.  Getting that flat tire ended up being the start of a good morning, just cracking jokes with the guys.  I needed a new tire and they got me out of there very quickly and efficiently.  Due to that stop, I now know a heck of a lot more about my car than I did before!  Have nothing bad to say about the experience.
5	I recently went to Pep Boys, store #688 where Tony and Ray went above and beyond to help me out!! As some one who lives paycheck to paycheck and almost never has extra money left over, I was so grateful for all they did!! I could not afford all the new parts needed for my car, but they offered to clean up one particular part the best they could to keep my car going!! Awesome!! And they were also able to get me some coupons on line to help lower the cost!! I am beyond amazed at how compassionate they both were to my situation and their willingness to help get me and my car back on the road!! Two very extraordinary employees! Pep Boys should be proud to have them on their team!!!  From one very thankful customer who will not only return for future help but recommend this store in particular!! Sincerely,Marie Murphy
5	Hands down the best service! I drive a 96 Camry and i live in LA yes my car had few hick ups lol. 80miles left my radiator cap broke. So every 20miles my radiator would heat up so luckily i made it to vegas and luckily found pep boys near my hotel. Next morning i went in there and they were very helpful and had all the parts necessary to fix my car. And even they gave me 5% discount! So i would recommend this pep boys and they r really nice.
5	Until last week, I had only been to this Pep Boys location for car care products. Last week, this location on E Sahara Avenue in Las Vegas installed four new wheels/tires from an online vendor and this review is about my experience with this. It was a smooth and excellent experience from start to finish - really can't say enough good things about it ! From the time I called in asking about setting up the install to the time I drove away, everyone treated me like I was completely their customer, as though they had sold the entire package. Jason was super nice on the phone when I called to ask if they would do the install. The store manager Jerry/Gerry sorted out the paperwork, confirmed the delivery and helped unpack/unwrap the wheel packages (four of them) inside the store - so friendly - he also told me when I called to confirm the delivery that I should be there at a certain time to have the best chance of getting in and out quick.Adam and Chris did the actual work installing the wheels/tires and setting the TPMS to work with my car. They were quick but careful and took time with me afterward to see if I had questions and to caution me to return after 200 miles for them to tighten down the lugs. They loaded the four old wheels/tires into the hatch of the car and were really careful to brace everything with cardboard so they wouldn't fly around, also to protect the area with plastic. Also, one of the old wheels was bent and the tire sidewall was damaged - I knew this but they didn't know I knew - it was very nice that they showed it to me to be sure I wasn't planning to use this setup on a different car, would've been a dangerous situation for sure. Wheel alignment is always recommended when installing wheels/tires - this location was very honest that there was obvious misalignment after the install - but - that they didn't have the equipment to do it properly for this type of car. They advised me to go elsewhere to have the alignment done (as soon as possible, to avoid uneven wear on the tires). Very fair and upright of them - and the alignment was done the next morning at the MINI dealership because everywhere else I called was also unable to do it.It was about as perfect a situation as could be. Every single one of these guys was nice, professional, easy to talk to. I would have even understood if I was treated differently because it was just an install and not a complete sale from them but that's not how it was.  Thanks for taking such great care of me and the car.
3	There is clearly a lack of staffing and a bigger lack of communication amongst the staff that do work here.  There was only one guy at the cash register, who was being approached by customers from all directions, all while trying to ring people up.  When it was finally my turn,  I requested a battery replacement, to which he promptly retrieved the battery, and told me to bring my car around to the service area.  After an hour of waiting, and seeing some people come and go, I went to the service desk to check the status - the service guy had no idea what I was taking about- and at about that time the cashier came walking my battery back to the service desk. So I just waited a hour while my battery sat at the cashier's station.  They got on the job immediately once I complained, but I shouldn't have had to go bitch-mode on them to get results. Overall, still a good place for car parts and service- as long as there is communication between them
5	An update to my previous review: I did receive a (very unexpected) phone call from Jerry, General Manager of the Pep Boys, who wanted to follow up on my experience from the previous day.  He was genuinely concerned with the quality of his store, as well as the efficiency of his team.   He explained that they are working to rectify their staffing issues, and offered me a free oil change.   As I stated, I was not expecting a phone call regarding the matter, as the staff was very apologetic at the time; but their sincerity and Jerry's professionalism really shows that these guys do aim to please.
1	If I could rate this place a 0 I would! The staff is unprofessional and rude. I brought my car in and waited 30 mins before even being acknowledged (I should have just left). I asked for help and the service manager couldn't be bothered, he wrote down the wrong car type and then passed me off to some poor kid who the staff was yelling at across the store. I explained that a screw had fallen out of the steering column, that it had happened before, and all I needed was for it to be reattached. I also explained that the bumper hung low and to be aware of it. The next day when they called and said the car was ready I arrived to my car having a crack in the bumper and the screw for the steering column sitting in the cup holder and the column still not working! After explaining for a second time what was wrong three days later they called and said the car was ready and it was on a lift when we got there! WHAT A JOKE!!! This is a poorly run establishment with incompetent managers and staff. Go to the Pep Boys on E Tropicana to avoid a headache and get your car fixed appropriately.
5	Came in to get a new battery after we killed ours at the drive-in movies, and ended up getting a great new battery w 72 month warranty at ANY pep boys in america, a great pennzoil 5 quart oil change, 3 new wiper blades, an engine flush and fluid top off for just over $200. We had expected to pay much more and were thrilled. On top of the service, was Ricky. He was hands down the best guest service we've ever had at an auto shop. Most car guys stink w people, especially women, but he was wonderful, walked us through every step of the way and even helped us find molding tape to fix a piece of rubber coming off the roof of the vehicle. He was courteous, knowledgeable, efficient, and I would hire him at the Monte Carlo in guest services in a heartbeat, if he didn't seem to love working at pep boys so much. Thanks guys. Highly recommended for the neighborhood.
2	Slow customer service, I had better at different location, wont be back to this one.
1	Totally disappointed even frustrated.        I made an appointment in advance at 11 am to get fixed my car,  was there before 11 and waited till 3:15 pm.  I waited basically four hours and fifteen minutes just for a diagnosis. At the end the tech Brock some piece of the catalytic converter so my car wasn't fixed at all.  And I'm not local.  Spend an extra day in the hotel room because of that.  I'm from California
5	These guys were great. Alex helped me and made sure I understood exactly what was wrong with my car.  He even helped me find a coupon to reduce the price. I will definitely go back if i have any more car problems.
5	Fast service, oil change, tire balance and rotation. And great sales on Royal purple. The mechanic has an epic beard, dont make him shave. Ever
