4	I have been sewing for years, during my childhood, I could walk to the Hancock Fabric store just a few blocks from my parents home. I would purchase fabrics with money earned by baby sitting. I would make great things from beautiful fabrics, or so I thought. Funny how your tastes change over the years. There are so very few great fabric stores left. I fell in love with Walmart because of the large selection of fabrics and their great prices, but a few years ago, they began taking down their fabric isles and if you are lucky to find any now, it's pre cut, with limited selection. That's why coming to Hancock's is still a great experience for me. This location is a bit small, has a rotating selection of seasonal fabrics, there are plenty of quilting cottons to choose from and tons of fleece. Now for the more serious sewing bunch, the selection of dress fabrics is limited but it just depends on what you are looking for. And you also have a limited amount of upholstery fabrics. The old Hancocks of my childhood did not have any crafting items, but today, there is a small section for beading, knitting and crocheting books with a good yarn selection. The quilting tools and books are fairly inclusive as well. If you sign up for the Hancocks card, you will be sent a flyer with the advertised special items, and they will take any competitor's coupon! It's a great place to find friendly, helpful staff, great fabric and crafting items and at fairly good prices.
4	I've been searching for a pattern board for the past three days because there was no way in hell I was going to pay $19.99 for a piece of cardboard with some lines on it. My last resort was going to be JoAnns with a 40% off coupon.  Luckily, I didn't even have to pay 10 bucks because my sister and I ended up going to Hancock Fabrics and they had the same boards that JoAnns had, but for $9.99, PLUS 50% off! So we paid less than 6 bucks with tax. Ridiculous! Even though they didn't have the boning that we needed and their fabric was pretty pricey, I'm still very happy with my experience here because we were able to find what we needed for 75% less than a lot of the other stores we went to. If you're ever searching for some supplies, definitely check out Hancock Fabrics because you just might find what you're looking for at a very low price.
4	I stopped by to run an errand for Jade's family.  I really don't expect much when I come to places like this... it's like how much service can you really get aside from getting a pointing finger towards the direction of the desired product?  at Hancock's though, I had a very pleasant experience.  The lady that helped me approached me within 2 minutes of me looking at thread that I needed.  She then went on to ask if I had a sample of what I was trying to match.  I unfortunately did not, but I did have a photo to show her.  She did her best to show me those that matched the closest to what I was looking for and even recommended that I buy both and just keep the receipt and I can return the one I didn't end up using.    Upon check out, she asked if I had a Hancock frequent buyers card.  I didn't so she tried to get me to sign up.  I declined the kind offer, but at least she offered.  She then told me about their deal on scotch guard.  She explained it's benefits and told me how it was practically a buy one get one free type of offer.  I declined again, but she was very informative and I appreciated that.  I felt the service I received was above and beyond my expectations.  Now only if they had a larger selection of fabric on hand alongside with more shades of the blue I was in search of.  Nonetheless, I'd definitely recommend this store for your crafty needs.
4	Well I just moved so I'm in the mode of redesigning everything including my bathroom.  I'm over the search for those basic shower curtains with no personality so I decided that I was going to make my own shower curtain but I needed it to have some razzle dazzle!I stopped in Hancock about a week ago and the fabric I was interested in  was on a 30% off sale..  I walked around the store for a bit and chatted with the sales associate, who was very helpful and offered some suggestions, but I decided to hold off on the buy.  I returned a week later and low and behold the same exact fabric was on sale for 50% off!!! I forgot my debit card at home and I was traveling with very little cash.  The sales manager saw my dilemma and offered to put the fabric on a 24 hour hold.I returned the next day and was shocked at the savings total once she rung the fabric up. The sales associate even talked me into buying scotch guard lmao!!! Nevertheless, I can't wait to see how my razzle dazzle shower curtain comes out!!!
5	I am always able to find things i need here. The prices are reasonable and the staff are all knowlegable about the merchandise. That's a good feeling in the atmosphere here.
3	I used to love coming to Hancock for fabric, but stopped because the selection changed and I couldn't find any fabric that I liked unless I had it special ordered. I stopped in today to check out their fabrics to see if they had any neat holiday patterns or kits and also I needed to pick up some craft glue to finish up some Christmas gifts I'm making. When I walked in there was 2 older woman and they saw me yet didn't greet me or even say hello. After looking around a bit at the fabric and seeing that it all looked dated, I walked up to another lady I noticed and asked her if they sold craft glue and she directed me to it and asked if I needed any help finding anything else. Hancock is smaller than Hobby Lobby or Michael's, so the selection and brands are limited. The craft glue was actually the same price as it would be at the other mentioned stores, but I also could have used a 40 percent off coupon at those other said places, making the craft glue more expensive here if I were to come here to get it each time unless Hancock offered the same coupon that could be used daily and that I could just pull up on my phone like I can at the other places. I did sign up for some sort of rewards card, so if they send deals worthy enough, I'll stop by no problem. The fabric today was on sale 40-50 percent and that's good, but the selection was terrible. The quality of the fabric at Walmart (if you can even find it anymore because they have taken a lot of their fabric isles down) is very poor, so it's nice to have a place like Hancock that has good quality fabric, but it has to be on sale to be worth it and they need more patterns that aren't so dated. I can see stopping by here in a pinch, but will stick to getting my regular crafting supplies at Hobby Lobby and Michael's where the selection and deals are better.
