5	This is the best place to find reasonably priced mid century and mod furniture in Pittsburgh. The selection changes pretty regularly and Bernie, the owner, is super friendly. He's very knowledgeable and can tell you about the design and history of each piece in the store. Shop here before you try the big box stores, you'll probably spend less and you'll be supporting a great local business.
3	The best way to describe this little business is as a yard sale special.  There are some nice items in here, but overall there was nothing spectacular with many of the items present unless you have some personal history involved.  I can see myself returning for the odd look through to see if there is a possible treasure that is present, but I won't make a special trip.
5	Mostly Mod is a smaller retro store on 8th street. This place doesn't have a quarter of the selection of Who Knew?, but the stuff is a ton cheaper. We saw two retro coffee tables we liked that were in perfect condition, both were under $30. We bought a pair of couches there that were perfect to fit in the small space of our apartment and he threw in one of the tables we liked for free. Also their delivery service is only $25. Super friendly, super knowledgable owner - this is a great place to stop in for that hard-to-find piece of retro furniture
4	Charming little shop that transports me back in time every time I walk in. The owner is such a pleasant person, fun to talk to, and sets reasonable prices. As a collector of everything owl, I go to thrift and retro shops to seek out pieces for my stockpile. I haven't found any here yet, but I'll keep trying when I'm in the area. I have found some funky coffee table books, art, and ashtrays. If you appreciate things from decades gone by, it's definitely worth stopping in. One never knows what they'll find!
5	I've stopped in Mostly Mod quite a few times since I first walked in and fell in love with the pair of couches I got. Bernie and Drew, the owners, remember us by name and what styles we're interested in, and details about our house to recommend pieces that they have to suit our space. They're usually well-versed on the history of each item - not only it's production, but usually all the way through its life. Yes, the store is still small enough to go over in a few glances, but I swear if I had a bigger home to put it in, I'd leave with something every time.After months of looking for a kitchen table we liked(And every time we walked in, they would say 'Hey we have a table you might want to take a look at') we finally found love at first sight at Mostly Mod once again - and the large glass-top table, 4 chairs, and delivery came to $250.Bernie and Drew have a pretty extensive list of regulars it seems, so the good pieces sell quickly. As they dropped it off, they let us know that the day after we purchased the table, someone else had tried to buy it. The story was the same with our couches, after they were delivered someone had come in the store looking for them specifically.We stop in a few times a month to chat and see if anything catches our eye. If you're looking for something specific, ask - they might have something you'd like not being displayed.
