3	This JoAnn's is a bit run down. I guess I am spoiled by my new, shiny JoAnn's in Chicago. They probably have the items you need, just not as many of them. Unfortunately I encountered an employee who shared with me her displeasure at having to work EVERY YEAR THE DAY AFTER THANKSGIVING. Seriously, lady? It's the busiest shopping day of the year and at least you have a job (unlike myself). Keep your "harrumph" to yourself.Plenty of parking and coupons galore still make JoAnn's tops on my crafting list.
5	I make it a point not to write reviews for chain stores/restaurants, but I had to make an exception...The lovely, lovely woman at the register doubled me up on coupons (40% off one item + 15% off total purchase) without my asking. I was totally caught off guard, but pleasantly surprised. In economic times like these, THAT is what earns you a 5 star rating from me. :)
3	Big, but lacking. Back when this store opened (8 years-ish ago) it was pretty fab - though it always seemed to not have as much fabric as many smaller JoAnn's. It's gotten a bit more unkempt in recent years. My recent visit found it in the middle of a minor remodel/reshuffle and finding things was tricky. In addition to having to run all over the store to find things, they -as always - only had 2 cashiers working and a checkout line wrapping around the designated area and back onto the salesfloor. This ALWAYS seems to happen there. And while I happened to get a perky cashier on this particular visit, I tend to be met by rather surly employees. Still, I come back though, as it has things that can't be found in other places. But I usually leave a little annoyed. This store is decent, but it does have the capacity to be awesome if it tried a bit harder.
2	I hate chain stores.  I wish I could find a local place. First - I get in there and it is always so messy.  There is no rhyme or reason or organization to the store.  Second - Once I get my fabric, I have to wait twenty minutes for it to get cut.  I get so upset when people have questions and they walk up to the fabric cutters and steal them away.  We are all waiting in line, please tell them you CANNOT help them.  Third - I was told to buy supplies for a class.  I wasted $10 after paying $17.50 for the class on materials that ended up being provided for me.I find that I get overwhelmed when I go there.  The workers tend to be knowledgeable on basic ideas, but I have been "helped" right into three wrong purchases.  One left me with the wrong needles, the wrong thread and an overpriced option.  I just wish that some of the prerequisite for working at Jo-Ann's was actual knowledge of sewing, crafts and the products.  Oh corporate America, one day I will escape your sewing store.
2	I purchased a lot of supplies to make crafty things for my wedding this summer.  Afterwards, I had a number of items left over that I hadn't used, so my mother helped me out by returning some of the items for me.  One of the receipts fell between her car seats, so a few of the items were not returned with original receipt.This store has a policy of returning the lowest value at which the item has ever been priced, if you don't have a receipt.  One of the items had been clearanced out, so she received less than half the price we paid back on a merchandise card. This particular item had been purchased less than a week prior, so this really irritated me.  When we discovered the receipt between the car seat, I went back to Joann's and asked them to return the full amount of money.  While I didn't think I was going to get it back on my credit card, I was hoping that I could at least get the full credit.Here's where things dissolved.  I entered the store and went to the nearest cashier.  She looked at me blankly when I told her what I wanted to do, and referred me to an older lady named Jean.  Jean was very nice and said that she could help me out.  She proceeded to try to get the appropriate amount back to me by re-returning the item at the normal price, then having me pay back the clearance amount.  However, she screwed up and did not actually refund the normal price back to me (she said she was putting it on my gift card).  When I tried to explain that she was actually having me leave the store with LESS money than when I came in, she got upset and tried to tell me that I didn't understand the process that she was using.  I understood perfectly, and kept trying to explain to her how the balance on the gift card was LESS not more.  Finally, she got extremely frustrated with me (I was very polite, and kept thanking her for helping me out, and was never rude during the entire process) and went to talk to the manager.  The manager had her refund the clearance price back to me (which was put on a separate gift card).  So, I ended up leaving the store with the EXACT same amount of money as when I went in.  This poor cashier just couldn't understand what I was saying, and wouldn't listen to me.  So my whole visit to the store was pointless -- in fact, now I have the same amount of money on two separate gift cards instead of one. I'm sure at the end of the night, this cashier's register didn't total up, since the money was never refunded to me.Oh well.  Caveat emptor.  And now I'm stuck with these stupid gift cards.  (Yeah, first world problems, I realize.)
1	I paid for 8 yards of fabric, only received 6. I called in to speak to the manager & she told me she was too busy to help me. TERRIBLE service.
5	Staff is always pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
