3	After receiving our menus we were served a complimentary shrimp cocktail.  My wife ordered the Ono (wahoo) medium rare, but the waitress encouraged her to order it done medium which was unfortunate because the grilled fish was too dry even with the Thai peanut sauce.  I ordered pan seared sand dabs served with a fantastic green pepper sauce over garlic leek mashed potatoes and broccolini sauted in garlic and oil.  My wife was disappointed, but my meal was the best on this trip
3	My husband felt like some fish for dinner, but didn't feel like driving all the way to McCormick and Schmidt, so we tried this restaurant.  The menu is diverse, but as in many suburban restaurants, the reach may exceed their grasp.  He started with the smoked salmon collection -- smoked, peppered, and honey jalapeo.  The peppered and honey jalapeo were fine, but why mess around with a fine smoked fish?  The "plain" was very good.  None of them were dry.  I had the cup of lobster bisque.  It was excellent.  Maybe I should have gotten the bowl.  They also offered a chef's treat of salmon spread that was very good.  His Newcastle Ale on tap was excellent and my south Australian white wine was adequate.I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  The sand dabs with green peppercorn sauce, mashed potatoes, and broccolini was excellent.  Unfortunately it was my husband's meal.  I got the trout crusted with pecans, roasted baby potatoes and broccolini.  Fortunately the server put the heavy balsamic sauce on the side.  It was good, but way overpowering.  Unfortunately there were very few pecans on the trout and they were candied, an odd choice for a sweet fish.  Our meal was just over $100 without dessert.And the oddest thing happened when we were leaving.  We loved the smoked salmon so much that we wanted to buy some to take home.  Although they have a nice seafood selection in their attached market, there was no smoked salmon to be had.  The only thing they could offer us was an order of smoked salmon to go from their menu.  I really didn't want to pay $14 for tired red onion slivers and capers.  I just wanted to buy some smoked salmon.I wish this restaurant was a bit better, because the menu is intriguing.  But since their prices are comparable, next time we will take the time to drive all the way to McCormick and Schmidt's.
1	I don't understand the restaurant business these days. What's so difficult to figure out about the fact that if you want to open a fine dining establishment, you have to have fine food, and how can a place like this stay open? No, a stupid smokefish pate "compliments of the chef" does not count as an amuse bouche, especially if it's as uninteresting as this was with bought-in everything "flatbreads" (whatever you call those). No, you can't have a fine dining establishment with a menu designed so that any customer can pick any sauce with any available type of fish. That's one step up from a buffet. And no, you can't base your reputation on the freshness of your fish. If you're running a seafood restaurant, that's just a given.A chef designs fish dishes to work with each type of fish, and customizes the menu at least weekly based on what's available and in season. The specials should not be "this fish, that fish, and the other, prepared how you like it with your choice of the sauces on the menu". No, the specials should be individually designed to accentuate the wonderful, fresh, seasonal catch you got that morning (I doubt seasonal is in this restaurant's buyer's vocabulary anyway). What you have here is a kitchen full of cooks, and nothing more.The server was annoyingly enthusiastic about everything on the menu. I was perturbed from the moment we walked through the door, but my fiancee and I were far too hungry and cranky to walk out and find something else. Our mistake. All I wanted was a crisp, hoppy beer and I would have been OK. I'm not that hard to please, but all they had was imported piss lagers like Heineken, Amstel, the average selection of domestic piss lagers, and Bass was out. She had to go to the bar to find out that they had Anchor Steam; I was quite relieved. The wine list wasn't awful, but I wouldn't have found salvation there either, had they not come up with the beer I ordered.The paella was pretty lackluster. Not the worst I've had, but it would be pretty hard to stoop to Bahama Breeze's level. My mussels had not been de-bearded, and I bit into bits of sand in lots of my clams. Unacceptable at any restaurant, but at a seafood restaurant, just shameful.My fiancee's cajun pasta was near flavorless, although red. I don't know how they got that color in there without any flavor. The shrimp in her dish were hammered; grainy and cooked beyond recognition.I don't know if the waitress was vying for tips, lying, or simply didn't have any taste in food, telling us what wonderful choices we had made. I should have played it safe and gotten fish and chips or a steak. Or walked right out after first glance at the menu. I would have been more satisfied with a can of spaghetti-Os (and $81 and change richer).
1	We were visiting family friends in the 'burbs of Las Vegas and driving around the neighborhood, we thought that this spot might be a good place to try as we were all hankering for some good seafood.The menu was overpriced and tasteless.  The service was very very slow.  The salmon that came with the spicy salmon salad was overcooked and the lettuce was kinda brown.  The fried calamari was soggy.  The entrees (can't believe I paid $28 for that rubbery Chilean sea bass special) were pretty horrible as well.  Needless to say, we're not going back and none of you should ever try it.  I don't know how this place has stayed open this long.
