1	Wow, this place is overpriced.  I only stopped in because I was in the area, happened to see it, and someone actually recommended it.  A friend and I still spent a decent amount of time browsing and not once were we acknowledged by the salesclerk at the counter on what was clearly a personal call.  We were the only two customers in the store.  We were on our wait out before she even asked if we had any questions.  Of course she had concluded her phone call at that point.  If I'm going to overpay for supplements I might as well go to GNC, at least they are friendly.
2	This place kind of annoys me, and especially so with yesterdays visit.  I buy most of my vitamins and supplements from an online company since they have great prices and a wide selection of product.  I really only have come here into Freddie's in the past after a workout at neighboring LVAC for a post-workout protein drink.  They have a decent selection of ready-to-drink protein drinks here, I usually just stick with Muscle Milk, but there are fair amount to choose from here in the cooler by the door.  And they also a fair amount of protein, creatine, builder, etc powders to choose from.  They're pretty pricey thou, definitely more expensive that you will find online or even at GNC.  The protein bar selection here is pretty meh...you'll find more at Target or even Smith's right down the road.  And you basic selection of supplements on the shelves too.  My annoyance comes not only from the high prices they charge, but it seems like over half of the products here don't even have pricing stickers on them.  And it's pretty lame and annoying to continually ask the counter clerk "So how much is this?  And how much is this one?  What about this one?  What's this one priced?"  Save your clerks and customers some time and sanity and just price the inventory throughly!
3	I agree with the other posters that this place is over-priced.  I stopped here today to get some low carb products that I don't order when it's hot as shipping to the desert during the summer is not smart.The bars were priced better than they have been.  The young lady at the counter was quite nice, and the prices were there so I knew what I was paying.This is my go to place when the heat prevents me from buying online and having it shipped in.
5	The service is fantastic very friendly people and knowledgeable.  They by far have the best selection and prices in Vegas.
5	You will be very well received at Freddie's Nutrition. The staff is friendly and helpful. The products are quality products and fairly priced. Very good quality / price.I recommend this place for all your nutrition needs.
5	The staff here are great. They helped me plan out my monthly supplements and picked out the best one by quality not price. It is always great when I come here.
1	Worst place to buy anything!  Prices too high and they sold me Expired Creme that didn't work. The container didn't pump out the Creme.  I took it back with receipt and they blamed me for the whole problem. The manager and sales girl were accusing me of stealing another container because I asked to exchange it for one that worked.  What a joke!  They were just angry because I was right!  I will never go back there again.  Whole Foods is awesome, less expensive and fair people to deal with!  Done!
4	I agree they are a little pricey, but they have to pay overhead....that being said, they are always very nice. I would pay extra just to hear the one girls accent. :) it's hot. They always offer to order what I want if they don't have it. And that one girls accent is hot. Heh.
5	Although I normally buy my supplements online, I decided to stop in at this store and pickup a couple of things before my workout. The cool thing for me was that I was able to have a decent conversation with the person behind the counter who was totally friendly and knowledgeable and never rushed me. I saw some of the reviews knocking the price but let's be real online is always cheaper compared to brick and mortar retail so I'd have to say their prices were very reasonable. Overall I had a good experience and I'd go back.
5	Just visited Freddie's  for the first time today and I can honestly say this was the best nutrition store I have visited in a long time.  The staff were amazing and honest regarding their products and they carry a large variety of products that are all high quality.    I am vegan and buy organic and non GMO when ever possible-  there were tons of options for proteins, snacks and even skin care that catered to my lifestyle.  Did I mention the staff  where extremely nice and knowledge  :)    Two thumbs up and I will definitely be back!
5	Freddie's has the best prices in town! They are so helpful and will answer any questions and they are so honest! I asked if a certain supplement works and they told me it was popular, a good seller, but they haven't had anyone comeBack and say that it worked. They also have coupons under some of the products like the raw protein powder and along with that i got a discount for being an lvac member! I got free samples of a supplement and I even got a free protein bar for checking in on yelp!  I will always go back juts because they were honest with me and didn't want to just use me and my money!
5	It's not often I can walk into a store and find my favorite Coconut Water!!  Now I'm a fan of Freddie's.  And Freddie is a cool guy, too.
5	The staff is always super friendly and very informative
4	Great selection and seuper helpful, knowledgable staff. They offer to price match to! Great selection of Quest Bars!
5	I had visited this shop once before just to take a look at what brands they carried and had noticed they had a pretty cool check-in offer; One free Quest Bar of your choosing! After a couple months had passed, I had found myself eating lunch with some coworkers at the Zaba's right across from Freddie's. At home I was running dangerously low on creatine so I had decided to stop in, see what they had, and utilize my check-in offer. I couldn't find my usual brand, but the gentleman working behind the counter was super helpful and appeared to be knowledgeable and recommended a new one. Upon checking out, he hooked me up with my free bar (which turned out to be awesome) and he had asked me if I had a local gym membership. Upon confirming, he told me I qualified for a 5% off discount! Not bad at all. I could have gotten my product online for a bit cheaper, as with most things one can buy, but Freddie's Nutrition was not a disappointment.
5	Wide variety for any supplementation need,  sales staff extremely knowledgable and helpful in helping me find what I needed. The Just in Time bars located in the fridge Are a must try. Quest bars in every flavor, all brands/kinda of protein and pre-workouts!They will special order anything you can think of!
4	Slightly more expensive than Whole foods or  Sprouts for protein bars. The staff is friendly and helpful. The store is well organized and located close to LVAC. Basically, I am willing to pay a little more the convenience and better shopping experience. PS minimum debt/credit charge is $5.00
4	Yay!! A shop that always has quest bars in stock by the box loads! They carry a lot of flavors but the chocolate chip cookie dough is my favorite... chocolate brownie takes second. If happiness and skinny had a flavor, they would be in the form of a quest bar.Besides quest, Freddie's carries a huge variety for any supplements that you may need. Their prices are a bit higher than most but only by a few dollars. Conveniently located right by LVAC so you have no excuse to ever run out of supplements!
3	This place is convenient, being in the same shopping center as LVAC, and I do appreciate the 10% discount for LVAC members. However, I found it to be pretty darn overpriced. When I came in, I felt like the salesperson was pretty pushy and I was pressured into buying something that I wasn't sure if I really wanted.  I actually left it in my car, unopened, because I felt uneasy.The next day, I went to return it, and before walking in, saw that returns were only for store credit. I was all set to be super irritated, but the sales clerk was very nice and went ahead and refunded my money.  For that reason, Freddie's is okay by me.
2	I went into Freddies After my workout at LVAC because I saw a sign that said they had new internet prices well I can tell you that their prices are not internet prices they are quite higher their selection is poor compared to the other stores in town and their prices are higher .Overall I was not very impressed at all .I will not be coming Back!
3	The store is pretty small so the selection is limited unless you want vitamins then there's a lot to choose from. I wanted whey protein and that selection was tiny. I don't know why because protein seems like it would be in high demand. Prices were ok but you don't get the 10% discount anymore because I guess they just did a huge price slash on items. I picked up 5lbs of Allmax whey for $45 and it's normally $55 on Bodybuilding dot com so that was a deal but I don't ever use Allmax. I only grabbed it because their selection was so small and I needed something that day. Probably won't be back unless I need something ASAP again. I prefer the huge selections online to choose from. Sorry Freddie.
4	I love this place, its right in the LVAC shopping center, obviously a prime location for a supplement store.  I do usually get my supplements online, but if i run out freddie's has very close prices if i need it the day of.  Also their selection of quest bars is amazing!! boxes and boxes.  The guys are pretty cool, I don't talk to them too much as I usually know what I'm getting.
1	So disappointed today...went in...there's a guy at the register and what I thought was a customer, so I patiently waited a moment to ask questions when the guy at the register offered to help me...he said the other guy was working on their computers. I pull up a photo of the supplements I need and a girl walks up to the register, with a bagel, so he tells me the one thing I'm looking for is right there by the front, I walk near and then ask about another product and the girl who was eating at the register starts to follow like she's going to help me, but then turns to go back to the register and her food. The original guy was counting change in the register...needless to say, I was their ONLY customer and I felt as if I was bothering them so I left...without making a purchase. Seriously disappointed because I've never had rotten service here before. Bottom line, if you're not ready to open, don't open your doors, til your money is set and you've eaten your breakfast...UGH!
5	Freddie and the staff at Freddie's Nutrition are friendly and knowledgeable when it comes to recommending products you need and don't need.  I brought a list of supplements I felt I needed which Freddie personally walked me through on what was beneficial and what was a waste of my money.  He explained that many products I requested were not potent or had fillers and he recommended better alternatives.  The prices were also better than what I found online.  It is refreshing to meet someone who cares about providing service and satisfy the customers.  I will recommend everyone I know that Freddie's Nutrition is the only spot to visit for your vitamin and supplement needs.
5	Awesome place!!! Beautiful signs and graphics on the windows!!! I love Freddie's nutrition... The pricing is amazing too... It's like getting online pricing but in the store with a friendly staff to answer any of your questions! Made my shopping experience awesome and I will be back!!! Woohooooo! I highly recommend this store for anyone!!! Thanks Freddie!!!!
5	I have been going to Freddie's Nutrition for many years. They always have excellent customer service and have great knowledge of the products within the industry. I would highly recommend anyone seeking performance supplements to visit Freddie's. I recommend all my friends and patients to go to Freddie's for their honest advice and great selection.
5	My favorite nutrition store in Las Vegas hands down! Matt and Page are most helpful and always have an answer to my silly questions. They always have Quest bars in stock which is better than most other places around town can say. I have been coming here for four years because of the customer service. Now that they offer internet pricing on everything, its a no brainer why I shop here and nowhere else for my nutrition needs. If they didn't have a product, they would order it for me. They even carry Sunwarrior and Vega Sport products and their prices are way cheaper than Whole Foods and other stores on these. I refer all my co-workers and clients to Freddie's and they have never steered anybody wrong. I can rave on and on but just know if you have supplement or sports nutrition needs, do yourself a big favor and check out this store! The staff will do their best to take care of you and your pocket book will thank you!
5	We stop in nearly every week for our Quest bars as Freddie's is near LVAC.  They've also been helpful in recommendations for vitamins as I'm not sure which products are necessary or a waste of money.  I also found a less expensive alternative to one of my supplements.  Everyone we've dealt with has been helpful,  friendly and willing to help so we'll keep going back.
5	If they don't see my face every day there MIGHT be a slight problem. Love all the people, and they answer all my questions involving supplementation to the best of their knowledge. I trust each of them...PLUS the selection is huge and always in stock with my favorite items and treats (aka quests and isopure ;) ) definitely not going anywhere else!!
5	Love this Freddie's location! Everyone is extremely nice & informative if help is needed. They have all of my favorite products ranging from BCAA's, zero calorie condiments, all the protein supplementation possible & my favorite peanut butters! Great prices at an easily accessible location, next to my gym. I wouldn't dare go anywhere else!
