4	So The Gym in Glendale just opened about a week ago (Nov. 30th) and it's a great place. It's a decent size with a separate bar area and a Patio off the bar (coming soon). The other side is set up restaurant style and is open to families etc. They have tons of big screens TVs every where with all sorts of different events playing which is nice. Everyone at our table could see more than 1 TV from where they were sitting. The menu is HUGE with tons to choose from. Everything from sandwiches, burgers, wings, pizza, to traditional like pork chops etc. They also have a ton of different beers. Our party had the Ruben Sandwich, Cheeseburger, and Pork Chop with fruit salsa. We got sweet potato fries with the sandwich orders. All the food was really good and fresh. It all had great flavor as well. This location is managed (owned?) by two brothers. I would recommend to anyone it's a fun place and pretty busy when we went on Saturday night. They have most of the parking lot as the other businesses in the complex are 9-5 except for Gym ( a exercise one) and an In n Out that they are building. Definitely a great place, friendly staff, great food, and cool atmosphere.
4	This bar just opened and I am definitely a fan.  They have a great menu and I have been a few times and tried a few items.  Their chicken pot pie is delicious and they make a mean burger as well.  They also have the gym burgers which are pretty tasty sliders.  I've gotten the sweet potato fries as a side every time.  We went for the UFC fight and they put it up on the big screens as well as the numerous TV's around the place.  They have two giant projection screens which always have sports on.  Mondays and Wednesdays at 8pm they have a free poker league and everyone there plays pretty well.  I have found that some poker leagues are just an excuse for people to get drunk during the week, but here people actually play the game well (and still drink of course).  Overall I would recommend this place.
4	Good food and friendly staff. Price was reasonable too.
3	We got 2 $50 gift cards for half price for this place off knix.halfoffdeals dot com, so after my BF got done with his golf round, we meet here for some afternoon drinks.  I see this bar becoming my home away from home, if they would only do one thing:NTN!  With all those TVs it's football season, QB1 alone will get the place a good crowd, plus in the offseason it gives me something else to do.So the place is great, good location, tons of room, and plenty of tv's and views everywhere.  I love being able to see a TV in front of me while I'm all belly up!  I also love not having to look through belly up'ers to see the tv at the bar.  You do not have to do this at all at the Gym, there are TVs everywhere! I think they have 2 pool tables, Golden Tee (maybe 2), and I'm thinking darts.  A smokers patio with 4-5 tables.We went on a Sunday and they were serving PRIME RIB!  What!?!!??!  This is a sports bar right?  The bartender was really nice and personal, he immediately asked us our name and used it from then on.  They had $2.50 coors light bottles all day...score 2!  We knew by this point we wouldn't need our gift card for this trip, and decided to come back another time.  Their menu is like 5 pages deep, which is another plus if this going to be my home away from home.  They have appetizers, salads, sandwhiches, burgers, pizza, and then entree's.  We weren't that hungry, so we just had the fried WI cheese curds, and they were pretty good!  The other negative, and this is probably too much info, but it must be shared so they can fix!  It was a pretty slow day, I mean it was like 115 outside and there were only preseason games on.  There was no toilet paper or soap in the bathroom. ON the brighter side, I guess it was good there was no toilet paper if I couldn't wash my hands, but YIKES i hate when that happens.
4	Let me start by saying ive never physically been inside the place, but they cater to my work every so often and oh ... my ... god...So just take this as a food only review.  Holy crap do these folks know how to do pasta. They brought some sandwiches too but i seriously thought i was going to explode as the chicken carbonera (i cant spell) was so good i could not stop cramming it into my face. People at work know to clear a path for me when they see Gym people bringing in food.Love it.
3	Just went here for my first time with some friends.  Nice layout, pool tables in the back, couple dart boards up front, and a buck hunting game that didn't work (that's okay, don't need drunk people in THIS town shooting stuff up before they drive home) and a nice outdoor seating area to smoke, if nicotine is your thing!The bartenders were friendly and the prices were great compared to the local Westgate neighbors (tall beer was only $2 bucks).  Of course, for the location, there was a fair share of crooked hats "tough guy" mentalities, but it was fun.  The only weird thing was the dude holding down the bathroom.  The boombox in the Men's room was about as louder as the DJ booth.  It was one of those bathroom host-gigs where a guy expects you to tip him for using the sink or whatever.  He had little candies in baskets and blow pops but I just walked on by.  I guess, to Diego here, it's kind of weird to tip a guy a buck for handing you a free towel and a mint.  But hey, check this place out!  Can't go wrong with a strobe lit bathroom and a basket of Starburst on your way out to the dance floor!  If for nothing else, you can tell your wife when she asks what your lazy self did all day you can say "Honey, relax.  I went to 'The Gym'".
4	I really enjoy this place, and have visited it more than a few times with friends.  The bar is nicely separated, from dining, and dining again separated from the pool table area.  I have gone here to play pool, to watch sports, and to throw some darts.  The staff has always treated us excellent, and maintains some class.  This bar is a place you can go sit down at with your mom and dad, and not have to worry that a half naked girl will be jumping up on the bar.  The food also is VERY good.  And Gym sweat... is the only beer to drink!  Great prices, great staff, great food, and plenty of things to do... I may have to call this place my favorite local bar!
4	The Mr. and I love coming this local sports bar. The food and beer is always cheap. They had a really good menu with lots to chose from. Their buffalo shrimp and fried zucchinis are DELISH!! The buffalo chicken wrap is another favorite of mine. Service is always great and they have tons of screens to catch all the games. Definitely a favorite!
5	It was the husband's turn to pick the place to eat before a Coyote's game.  Oh goodie - he found yet ANOTHER sports bar.....My only question is HOW is this place not packed with a waiting list?  Good atmosphere (sports theme but not over the top). Nice servers, solid menu offerings, awesome buffalo chicken sauce and just for fun they added cheese curds to the appetizers,  yum-yum. We will be back before a Cardinals game next season - why tailgate when these guys will treat you Oh So Right?  Three Thumbs Up from a sports-wife who happens to love Coors and their $2 Coors Draft special earned them a special place in my heart!  GO ANTARS!
4	Food smells and looks fantastic. Coupon in the local mailer for food discounts. My roommate really liked his Chicken Parmesan Sliders. Bartenders are always friendly and they have an outdoor patio. Somehow we never seem to be able to get to the pool tables. Nights are complete with DJ, dancing, and shooter girls. Having enjoyed a few Saturday nights here I was extremely surprised to walk in on a Sunday around 8:30 and be surrounded by families with small children. They were also having a poker and pool table tournament that night.
5	I love antars! The food is excellent, the service is great, and if you check in on the mobile app, you get your first drink free! How, please tell me, can you beat that? Cheese curds are also pretty amazing!
3	I was a 4-5 star fan and a regular for quite some time and we would always drop in on a normal basis for some nice food and sports watching. That is till my wife ordered a salad that had molding tomatoes in it and since then she hasn't wanted to go back. Man I miss those sweet potato fries, they were the bomb!the menu is great with a wide selection, they have almost every base covered but simple slips can turn people away for life.
2	This would be a 3-star if I have ever received even remotely decent service.  I have been there twice, one time with almost no one there and one time during pre-season football and both times, I thought I was invisible, which is a shame because the food is actually pretty good.  When I was there when it was SLOW, we were at a table and we weren't really sure why we were getting ignored so badly.  The second time, we sat at the bar and maybe the bartender thought the groups of guys would tip better than my bf and I because she didn't give us the time of day .... come to think of it, NONE of the bartenders gave us the time of day.  I had to resort to putting my empty bottles on the edge of the bar for them to notice me and that was the only time they even looked our way. It's a shame too because like I said, the food is actually pretty decent.
1	This place is now closed. Apparently they lost their liquor license and those of us who purchased a Yelp Deal for that place are stuck with a certificate we cannot use. Shame, because I heard so many great things about the food. RIP Antars.
5	This place is not closed. They may have been for a short period of time but if they were, they reopened. The food is unbelievable.
