4	We went in at 8pm one night, the manager had left a teen girl by herself, and there were close to 20 people in line as we had found out it was a high school graduation night. The poor girl behind the counter was working as fast as she could, and handled it very well.
5	Went in for our 2nd visit, more people working, fast service, much better this time around!
5	I came in with my 1 year old and 3 year old daughter, who were both very antsy and hungry. Gory was the woman who served us, and she was very fast and efficient with her work. She talked to my girls, and was extremely friendly. What could have been an overwhelming experience with my 2 young girls, ended up being a great one! We'll definitely be back to visit again!
4	Really tasty ice cream and decent options.  Pricing is pretty good too.
1	I love baskin robins and today I had a bad experience so did my little sis We came in and the girl at the counter was complaining about her job. Then in my lil sisters ice cream she got rainbow sherbet And in halv of the scoop was some weird red ice cream she took it back and got a new good scoop of the same thing and it looked fine. Then I got bubble gum witch I get every time and it was discusting so I asked for a new scoop and she said I had to pay for it. I know that it's only like 2$ but still if you bought a computer and the you didn't like the color of the key bord you would probably take it back and get the one you want. Samo Samo
4	Delicious ice cream and great service. Love Baskin Robbins!
4	What's not to love about the original ice cream shop. It's clean, well maintained, and they provide excellent service. The manager, Jene, quickly offered samples while promoting their new flavor of the month. Even though I digged the samples, I can't help but not get my chocolate and peanut butter while the wifey resorts to her pistachio. Closest BR to our house so we'll def be back to get some mud pies for birthdays!
5	Always kind. Love that the ice Cream selections change regularly. Very clean and music is not too loud. Great kids table outside
