2	eh.....you gotta get money from ATM sometimes
1	Twenty years ago Silver State Schools Credit Union was a customer-friendly community business. Now it uses every sleazy trick that Big Banking uses to rip of their customers. . As it has very few branches and is inconvenient in other ways, you might as well go with Bank of america or Well Fargo, You won't be treated any better at Silver State.
1	I've been with this bank since I started my teaching career 16 years ago.  I regret to say that their practices, customer service, teller competence, and locations have significantly decreased in quality in recent years.  At the top of their game I would have only rated them with 3 or 4 stars.  We've always had a joint account at another credit union that my husband joined through the medical profession, so we've always had a comparison and SSSCU has always trailed behind.  Regardless, I kept our joint SSSCU open and continued having a portion of my pay deposited there every month.  I have finally submitted the paperwork to human resources to end the deposits and will close my account at SSSCU after our next pay period to make sure the deposits have transferred to our other bank.  I should have closed our accounts there ten years ago!!!  There were several deciding factors and I'm only listing a few of the most recent, but #4 was the final straw:1.  Several branches have closed, making it difficult to go in person.  2.  One teller was unable to answer basic questions regarding certificate accounts and rates.3.  There have been incorrect checking fees charged to our account in error on 3 occasions in the previous year.  The bank kindly reversed the charges each time, suggesting a computer error or oversight, but it still took time out of my day to contact them and get it sorted out.   4.  Some tellers are really pleasant, but those who are rude are horrible!  A teller (at a store location) was extremely rude when my husband went in to ask a question about college savings programs.  She told him that all of the information was on the website and wanted to know what questions he had about that information.  He said that he hadn't looked online and thought he'd just stop by to get information.  She told him that all he had to do was read through the information the bank provides online and THEN come back if he had questions.  Don't commit to a bank that doesn't respect its members!
