3	It's strange to be wandering down the strip at 11:30 having a hard time to find a decent bite to eat.  We kept being told that restaurants had just closed, which I guess is fine, but in a place as ridiculous as Las Vegas, where the nights don't end until the sun comes up, it was more than a little frustrating.I mean come on!  I hadn't been rejected so bad and so many times since High School!When it finally hit midnight, my desire for a giant hearty meal began to ebb, and I realized I just wanted something not psychotically greasy that will tide me over 'til morning.  I found myself back at the miserable food court in O'Shea's, this time forgoing the BK, and heading to my old chain standby of Subway.It was everything you'd expect from a subway.  And at that point, it delivered like no one else could have.Thank you Subway for actually bothering to be open 24 hours a day when the "real" restaurants in Vegas couldn't be bothered.
4	"Four stars, really? I mean it's a SUBWAY."But, hey, in a city where it might as well cost money to breathe, the 5 Dollar Footlong deal is clutch, especially since they're open 24/7.  It'll keep you on a budget without having to eat McChickens and Small Fries the whole time you're in town.
4	i love me some Tuna salad here. came on a friday during Lent so it's pretty much the only place that served anything remotely good for a God fearing Christian like myself. can't beat the $5 footlong anywhere. plus, i can get back to Oshea's beer ponging quick. observing Lent in Sin City is pretty much the definition of irony.
4	Vegas tends to be expensive to eat a meal, i get that.  If youre looking for a quick bite, i.e. $5 footlong, this is the perfect place.  Right on the Strip in O'Sheas.  Crowd tends to be on the younger side, college students, spring breakers, etc, so this is a great place to hang out if thats your crowd.If not, dont mind the loud music and beer pong.  They also offer $1 Beers... Who even does that anymore in Vegas?!?
4	almost daily..not losing weight lol
3	So, a footlong veggie is $6, plus $3 if you want a combo. Seriously, next time I come to Vegas I'm packing some meals! It was good, but I think for the price I'd rather have something else. At the time, this was the only option for quick breakfast.
4	Surrounded by buffets and $15 deli sandwiches on the strip this subway was welcome relief to my wallet.They service was quick and food was fresh. Exactly what I expect from a Subway.The food court tables were pretty dirty and the floor was pretty gross when we visited, but I don't think that's Subway's responsibility. But just a heads up, plan to take the food to go.
1	Worst Subway ever! Came here for breakfast and had an egg & cheese omelet in a 6" flatbread = $6. the price aside, it took 15 minutes to make, the egg was undercooked, I didn't get a chance to ask for any veggies in it or even salt & pepper! My wife got the same and boldly asked for veggies which the sandwich assembler reluctantly threw in (literally 1 slice tomato and 2 shreds of lettuce) and charged her extra for them!This franchise should be held to better standards!
