5	Best running store in PHX. So glad your back Lance!!!
5	Great running store; very friendly and helpful. I walked in on Saturday and Brooks was hosting a carnival-style event there with a double-decker bus. I had my running form assessed on video and was given personal attention (despite the crowds) to find my perfect fit. The store is also a good size: large enough to be well-stocked, but not so big that you get lost and confused. I will definitely be back here for all future running needs.
5	I happen to buy a groupon for this place because I needed new running shoes a few  months ago. The sales associate was super helpful. Asking me what I usually buy, which brand I tend to like. She told me how to get the best fit and I was able to go outside the store and run/walk around. I love this! How else do you test running shoes if you just stand there???She also taught me how to tie them correctly which I had no idea I'd been doing it wrong (it involves that extra lacing hole on the top that you think is too far up as it is). I bought myself a pair of Brooks and have been happy with them ever since. Although I haven't participted in any, they do offer free group runs also on a weekly basis.
4	I was in dire need of new tennis shoes and did not know where to go.  I was last fitted at my beloved Boulder Running Company in Colorado and was afraid that I wouldn't find a decent store around town.  Little did I know Sole Sports would be my new go-to for athletic shoes.  Sole Sports is a small shop tucked away in the corner of the Albertson's center, off Hayden and Indian Bend. I walked in and the sole employee was helping a couple by the treadmill.  Then Matt walked out, very apologetic that he didn't see me.  My perception changed quickly.  Both of the guys who work there are incredibly knowledgeable and very friendly and instead of waiting for one customer to be done before I could be helped, they worked with a couple patrons at a time.  I usually detest this sort of thing when it comes to this type of store, but both sales reps there weren't just "going through the motions"; they were genuinely concerned about our needs and they took the time to speak with each one of us.  Multitasking at its best (in a good way).  Matt helped me get some new Asics, and he brought out a couple other pairs that were comparable to the shoe I had my eye on.  I laced them up, and was encouraged to run around outside to see how they felt.  Sole Sports has a treadmill and video recording system for shoe fittings.  If you're not sure what shoe would be best, or even if you're looking for a new pair, they'll start with a neutral shoe, get you on the treadmill and record your stride.  Working off of this, they'll set you up with the proper shoe, each time recording a jog on the treadmill.Even as a sports/health junkie, I never knew what shoe was best or how it should feel.  The video recording solved my shoe woes; I now know exactly what type of athletic shoe is best for me.  This is definitely not a discount retail store, but if you're serious about running (or even being active), quality shoes are VERY important.  Whether you're looking for shoes just for the gym, or are a serious runner, Sole Sports will have the shoe for you.  Sole Sports even has group runs every weekend, and they invited me to join them.  Plus, I can donate my old tennis shoes to those who can't afford shoes.  Walking out of the store, I had a really good feeling about my purchase and the overall experience.
4	Like half of Scottsdale, I bought a Groupon to this place because I knew that someday I would need a new pair of running shoes.In a past life, I worked as a Podiatry and Marketing Coordinator for a small chain of running stores in Los Angeles. I know my way around the mechanics of the foot, and what shoes would work best for me. I also know which brands suit me the best.I walked in and the dude was very cool. I told him exactly what I needed and my exact size. He didn't sit there and ask me a bunch of questions. He could tell that I knew my stuff.He brought out a few pairs that I wanted to try and I made my decision within seconds. I was in and out of there within a few minutes.I'd come back in a heartbeat. This is the place where I want to spend my money because I don't have to deal with a "salesperson". There is nothing worse than having to deal with a pushy salesperson who knows nothing except how to operate a cash register.BUT.....if you don't know your way around a pair of running shoes, these guys will help. They have a treadmill, will do a gait analysis and measure you up properly.I took off just one star, because of their lack of sizes (in wides). Not a big deal though because they can special order.Also, check out their group runs. I know I will.
5	I first learned about Sole Sports when I was looking for local group runs. I purchased my first pair of "serious" running shoes from them. While I was there, they performed a gait analysis and put me into a pair of shoes that had been the second more comfortable pair that I have run in, before they introduced me to my new favorite pair. The staff are not just knowledgeable about shoes, most are seasoned runners and athletes. In addition to shoes, the staff knows a ton about nutrition, maintenance and injury prevention. They have group runs that leave the store that have helped me immensely with my long distance runs. Not only have they helped me with my purchases, they have had a large part to do with my training. The staff is always very friendly and they have some very informative clinics as well as an occasional weekend event. I can not think of enough ways to give back to these guys so I try to make all of my running gear purchases there. I owe a debt of gratitude to Lance the staff there... you know who you are. You all rock! See you at a race or the next group run.
5	i'm weary of speciality stores mostly because i don't have that much money and non-chain stores usually cost more.for years, i've gotten my shoes from the likes of sports authority, sports chalet, dicks, etc. yes, i usually get a shoe that is on clearance because it's going out of style. however, i had been looking into the 5-finger Vibrams, had a coupon for Sole Sports, and decided to check them out. as expected, all the employees are runners. some are also triathelets, cyclists, whatever distance sport you can think of. they seem very knowledgeable about the products they sell and if they don't know, they ask someone else. very patient and they ask alot of questions. so yes, i bought a pair of vibrams and since then, have bought another pair.fast forward to today. my first pair of vibrams started to tear at the toes after only a month. i took them back to sole sports and they replaced them right there on the spot. no haggling or fibbing, just "oh, that's too bad. let us get you another pair". i love it. great store, great employees. you have a new customer. thanks sole sports.
5	I'm a staunch advocate of supporting local business.  So when I needed new running shoes I didn't hop onto Zappos, but rather I went to Sole Sports because I wanted to tap into the wealth of expertise that the sales associates contain.  With their help, along with a treadmill analysis, I was able to find a better fitting pair of shoes that have helped me comfortably run longer distances that I had been able to do for many years.  If you're like me and you're not sure if your current pair of running shoes is the best option for you, Sole Sports is definitely one of the paramount retailers to go to.  They'll let you run around in the shoes before buying them.  I can hardly imagine Foot Locker doing that.  And I surely don't see how Zappos could  execute a treadmill analysis to determine which shoes may be best for your running style.
5	I was in Scottsdale on a business trip and I was looking for some light weight, compact shoes to take on trips, still bring my work tools and still work out. I went to the store try some Vibram shoes, not really intending to buy a pair. When I entered the store, I was immediately greeted by the staff. Ephraim (sp) and Jeremy answered all my questions, showed me multiple pairs and helped me get the right size. After I tried on multiple styles and sizes, I found a great pair. I asked Jeremy a few more questions, he provided me with answers and his opinions as well I decided to buy a pair. If you are a part-time runner, hard-core or just looking for minimalist shoes to take with you on business trips (like I was), you will not regret stopping by this fantastic store.
5	Just finished my first half marathon on cheap running shoes and needed real running shoes.  Went it today and was offered exceptional service as they watched me run on the treadmill to see what type of shoe i needed.   they brought out 6 pairs of shoes and spent plenty of time explaining what i should be looking for in a shoe.  i was able to test them outside running and see which ones were the best fit.they were all great and i would go back in the future for other running items and maybe even join their group runs.
5	This is a great, full-service running store.  I came into town for a week and joined Sole Sports' Thursday night group run.  The store offers everything you could want or need for running.  It even has showers.  The staff is amazingly helpful and friendly, particularly Emmett.  I look forward to coming back to Scottsdale for more runs and events with Sole Sports.
5	Great service!  The staff is very knowledgeable which make Sole Sports incomparable to the mass media stores, yet the $$$ is the same.  My only recommendation would be to show all colors of every shoe that you have in stock.  I did not know that they had Nike Free's in Blue in the back, and the only pair out on display was a boring grey color---I almost didn't make a purchase because of this....so ask if you are looking for a specific color that is online somewhere ;-)
5	This store is amazing.   I went in there with no clue about my running style before a half marathon a few weeks ago and was hooked up with the perfect shoe to my running style. now I am taking my buddy to check it out later tonight.   I highly recommend it the employees take care of the customers very much so and will make you want to come back!
5	What a great little store.  Little in square footage, and well hidden away, but I love it!Helpful staff who knows their stuff; Really friendly and knowledgebale and were really committed to finding just the right shoe for my running gait and budget.  I never felt like I was being sold or having anything pushed on me.  I've only been running for a little over a year, but I do my best to send everyone I know here.  I am totally impressed.
5	Great store experience!  This was my first time there and went in after winning a gift voucher from a fun run.  I spent a lot of time asking questions about the good variety of shoes there, and learned a lot about the nuances of the different brands.  Because all my questions were answered, I  found the perfect brand for my wide and surgically worked-on feet, and I was able to  purchase just the right running shoes for my daughter which was the best choice for her and even on sale.   I will be joining the free group runs and will definitely be coming back.I wanted to update. So I went to another larger chained running store after winning another pair of shoe from another fun run.  Boy, what a comparison-  the other store's staff did not have as much of the depth of knowledge in the running shoes they carried, and they were a heavy sell.  Sole Sports on the other hand again shined in my book as having a very knowledgable staff aimed to get just the right fit for me.   As an avid runner, this is the store for me.
5	Best experience ever shopping for running shoes! The staff were extremely helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. They spent their time offering options and answering questions. The store was a bit difficult to find, but definitely worth seeking out. I highly recommend Sole Sports!
5	My Chiropractor sent me here and recommend that I get some new shoes. He even gave me a 10% off coupon to get me motivated. I guess it was about time that my feet get the treatment they deserve. He said it will also help my knee and back problems as well.Normally on my feet all day while at work and the shoes that I have been buying at those generic foot places are blowing out. They just don't make shoes like they used to back in the days. Who would have known that your posture starts with how you stand and your shoes make all the difference.Went online and checked out their selection and was pleased. Called up and spoke to Sean and told him what brand I was looking for and my size. He was both very helpful and friendly and told me to come on in and he would get me fixed up.Picked up a pair of Hoka One One Stinson Trail Shoes for Men in a size 13 and used my coupon. Man are they comfortable and pretty stylish. I feel like Forest Gump when wearing these babies. Mama said these shoes are my magic shoes and they can take me anywhere. I think she was right.They have all sorts of specialty shoes and items to get you going. There is even a slow motion video camera that they can use to track the way your foot hits the ground while running on their treadmill. This is a free service they offer to make sure you get the right shoes. You can literally see the difference when watching the playback video.Store is located in the back corner section of the complex. Don't let your feet go to waste. You will not be disappointed. On Your Mark ... Get Set ... GO!5 STARS
5	I love sole sports! Been a long time customer for years! Nick was super helpful with my running shies today and Jeremy with my sock selection. Emmet runs a great club group in Saturdays! Danielle Wurth of Wurth Organizing
5	Great running store!  Anyplace with a treadmill to see how you run in the sneakers is a place I consider the right place to buy running shoes. They have all the top brands and also know how to fit you properly for shoes. Really really nice and knowledgeable staff. They have free group runs I'm excited to check out. Great running shoe shop!  I do not think you should go anywhere else in the area.
5	Extraordinary service.  After searching the Valley high and low for a specific size and color of Brooks to no avail, guess who had them?  Yep. These guys. Super friendly staff.  Knowledgeable.  Polite. Interested in me.  Glad I ended up here.  Will look no further for running needs moving forward. Shop here. You'll run happy!
5	I know that running stores have an upper hand in assessing your running style and needs as well as analyze your gait. Was looking for suggestions as I'm new to the sport and aiming to do my 1st 5k this year as a challenge. The store was not very busy when I went (middle of the day during the week) and I had a very patient and helpful salesperson Sean who was very patient and helpful. He asked me what my goals where and had me run on their treadmill to analyze my gait and make suggestions. I started out with a neutral pair Nike Pegasus shoes and filmed me running in them. Was very knowledgeable and patient with me. He then brought out several pairs for me to try on and what I appreciated is that he had me go back on the treadmill and filmed me in the shoes he showed me to show the difference between the initial shoe he brought out. and how I was pronated less in them.. Prices are really nothing different than what could you find elsewhere it seems and you'll find a lot of shoes you can't get at a Foot Locker or Sports Authority.  I would definitely recommend them for anyone who takes running seriously or who like myself wants to get into running and appreciates a little more help and service.
5	Love the new store!  ... my wife and I met at their previous Scottsdale location six years ago thanks to their fun and supportive running group.  The staff and mgmt are great.  Emmet is the best!  And Jeremy is helpful and extremely knowledgable about shoes, running, and taking care of the little aches and pains that we runners feel to often.Get professionally fitted here for your next pair of shoes.
5	My relationship with Sole Sports began when I trained for my first marathon. I actually had to double check that date like 10 times because I cannot believe it was 2004.  I guess time goes by really fast when you are having fun running. And that is why I am giving them a five-star review. Not only have they provided me the latest and greatest shoes to keep me running, they have provided an amazing community that has made running so much more than I ever thought possible.As mentioned by others, the group runs are incredibly welcoming and supportive - and seem to attract the friendliest, jolliest people. It probably partly has to do with the friendly, jolly staff...and then partly because runners are just plain awesome.Just like a good running store should, they will do a gait analysis (treadmill, video, and slow-motion playback) to ensure that your shoe purchase is the best purchase possible. The staff is very knowledgeable (and they are all runners themselves) so you can trust them.  This is a big deal, especially for newer runners, because the wrong shoe can result in injuries.They also have really cute clothing that I just try not to look at (which is hard, I admit).Lastly, Sole Sports supports the local running community to help make the smaller, local (and cheaper!) races possible.  These races are always so much fun and to me, just as important as my running shoes. Although don't get me wrong, I am also thankful for my shoes ;)
5	The bottomline: the staff of this small business know their products much more than any big chain competition. And they don't work on commission.
5	Amazing customer service here! I am extremely picky, and Jeremy brought me no less than 15 pairs of shoes to try on in the midst of a rush of other customers. He and the other staff member on hand (I didn't catch his name) were super friendly and helpful the entire time. I will be returning for any other running needs I have!
