3	I'd say more like 3 1/2 stars would be accurate.I wanted to watch my NY Football Giants on Monday at a bar, so I convinced my brother-in-law to meet me here as I thought it was 1/2 way between our respective homes.  It was not, 25 min trip for me, 15 for him.  No big deal, my sisters ended up joining us too for a little while, and us girls split 20 wings since they were $.45 each on Monday nights.  You can order them in any denominaton, the server said you could get 2 if you wanted, that's weird I would never order 2 wings.  They were decent, but they were fried and I haven't had wings that were deep fried in a while and I prefer them to be grilled or smoked now.Our server was pretty good for the majority of the night, but for the end of the 3rd quarter and most of the 4th she was no where to be seen.  And all I wanted as I nervously watched the game start to change, was one more delicious Guiness!!  She finally came around and I got my drink, but still, nobody likes to be kept waiting so long for beer.A while after my sisters had left and my BIL devoured his own order of wings, we got some more food.  He went with nachos, I went with the Black Forest sandwich, with no bacon or ham.  But I think they left off the cheese too, no big deal.  The pretzel roll was soooo good, it was soft and warm.  I could have ate it on its own, but the turkey, lettuce, tomato and honey mustard were all great on it.  I opted for no side as I wasn't really that hungry, so the sandwich alone hit the spot.Overall, besides the Cowboys fans that I was ready to jump after the beginning of the game, it was a solid option for a sports bar.  Plenty of TVs, good bar food, reasonable prices and plenty of drink specials daily.  I've been to the University and Uptown locations as well, and they seem to be pretty standard all around.
4	Fox and the Hound has a great, standard beer selection.  You're not going to find any crazy/cool beer on draft, but they do have a very wide selection. Food is standard bar selection, but generally good.  Try the pretzels - they are best thing on the menu.  I prefer the food for lunch, but happy hour works too.  Tuesday night is trivia night, which is very fun and pretty challenging.
2	I guess this is your new typical giant suburban sports bar. There is nothing about this place which is particularly interesting including the beer choices and the food choices. The service was good once we got past the ineptitude and confusion at the front door. They were trying to charge us a ten dollar cover charge because there was some kind of fight on the TV. As if i care.
4	This really isn't a bad place for for the price.  Their menu has a nice variety of items at reasonable prices.  My personal favorites are the pretzel bites (appetizer) the bavarian sandwich, and the black and bleu burger.  Nothing extravagant, but all of them have great flavor, and a good sized portion to them.  The wait staff is hit or miss lately... It's ranged from phenomenal service to very sub-par performance.  But the food is always top notch, and there is normally a manager floating around to ask if everything is going good with the meal.
3	Was there on a Saturday.  Waitress was Leann - she started great, then faded.  Wife ordered a burger (no problems).  I ordered a cup of chili & 10 med wings, lightly sauced.  Chili not delivered first.  Wings had no sauce!  I don't like them dripping in sauce, but I do want sauce.  Leann was terrible refilling drinks.  Temperature was extremely cold for August.  Would probably not return.
2	This place is way overrated. As a group of four, we ordered an appetizer that had mozzarella sticks, tater skins, pretzels, and wings. I will say, the pretzels were really yummy! That was the only good thing about the visit. The rest of the appetizer was average. I ordered the chicken Capri sandwich and found it very bland (what basil pesto?). In fact, I didn't even eat half of the sandwich. And the cheese on sweet potato fries was just weird. The service was AWFUL. We waited 15 minutes before the waitress took our drink order and that was pretty consistent throughout the meal. Even paying the bill was a hassle...she never asked us how we wanted to do the bill, so she spent 20 minutes fixing it. Then after we paid, she took another 20 minutes to come back with receipts or change. Also, I know it's a sports bar type restaurant, however, you don't need to turn up the volume so incredibly loud that I can't hear the person sitting directly beside me. I would definitely not go back.
4	Good place to watch the game. I had a friend from Virginia in town so we went to watch the Redskins game on Sunday afternoon. It gets crowded on gameday. About 40% of the place was Steelers fans and another 40% Packers fans, but we were able to get a TV switched to the Washington game (first come, first serve on TVs). I got the Ranch Hand (burger) and it was delicious. A few of the other customers were rude to us about the game. That put a damper on the overall experience, but I know it's not the restaurant's fault.
3	I've only been here one time since I'm not a huge fan of "sports bars". I came here around 10pm on a Friday night to get a quick drink and app. My friend and I had the some sort of girly concoction with strawberries and vodka. Not your normal drink at a sports bar, but it was good! We also shared the hot pretzels with cheese for an app. It was recommended by the waitress and it didn't take much to convince us that it would be worth it. It hit the spot and was exaclty what I needed after a stressful plane ride during the holiday rush. The crowd was the typical groups of men out drinking beer and watching sports. Nothing too exciting.
3	I stopped in to watch a game one Saturday afternoon. It was almost empty. The waitress was extremely nice.  The food was good for bar food though it was kind of pricey for bar food. The portion sizes were decent but not large. One thing that bothered me is they changed our TV with only a few seconds left in the game.  With only a few people in the bar and that many TVs, you think they would have asked us before changing anything.
2	Atomosphere was nice, menu selection was so-so.  Service at the bar was atrocious.  Girls spent more time strutting back and forth (nice, but not when you are waiting to order food) behind the bar.
5	The ULTIMATE BURGER is absolutely amazing!!! My experience at fox and hound Ballantyne was great!!!!
4	Our server was great, we received our first round of drinks quickly and she was sure to let us know all the specials before ordering. It was a while before we were ready to order our food because we were busy catching up and the server was great about coming by to check drinks during that time. Apparently after we ordered our food it took longer than normal because she said for some reason the order did no go through the computer and she took our meals off of our ticket without us even asking or complaining. And the food came out of the kitchen quickly in my opinion. Neat atmosphere, good food and beer and close by my place, I will be back!
3	This is a good bar to go to for a little sports and a few drinks, and the food isn't horrible. I simply would not come here with my main goal being to have dinner. It is your typical bar food, which is expected and the service is a hit-or-miss.
4	Was so pleasant with our party of 8 (including 3 kids). The food was good; the sausage dog with onions and peppers looked amazing! Would rec. this for casual dining with kids or a group of adults wanting to see every game on!!!
2	I went here last Friday with 8 other friends. Pending waiting on one more who arrived thirty minutes after us. We ordered drinks as soon as we got there and still didn't receive them until 10 mins. after the last person got there. All the servers were in a corner talking in the wide open where we could see them and  they were not looking after there customers. Then the food orders came and mine was fine. I ordered the pretzel and beer cheese that was good. But someone else ordered a Burger and said it was greasy and the bun was soggy. This person never complains about a burger. They better get their act together. The Bar seemed like it should be fine, with three bartenders working. Why do people at a table have to wait twenty mins for a beverage. That is not right.
4	Yes I am a fan of this particular restaurant. First they have plenty of TVs for game day and they will put on a game we request. The restaurant is usually half empty when we go in which is usually a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. Now that is in way a bad thing. We get better service, faster food, and like I said better game day viewing. They also have huge booths which are great for large parties or a typical family with kids.I have to say I can't review the menu because the only thing I ever get is the Black Forest sandwich and fries. I love, love, love that sandwich. I never get anything else. You just can't go wrong with a pretzel bread sandwich.
2	Really wouldn't come back here again. Service was awful. Waitress was nice but seemed new. She kept repeating our order wrong and after explaining what we wanted as appetizers and what we wanted as entrees she still brought everything out at once.I ordered the spicy garlic wings and sweet chili wings. They were below average to average at best.Chicken nachos were just ok as well.Wouldn't recommend it here.. There are better places in the area.
2	Went here with some colleagues for a drink after work. Seemed like a great place for 20 somethings looking to get drunk and have a night at the bar; however was a bit noisy and too much like college for us.
2	Once a great place to grab a beer, bar food, and a game but unfortunately that was long ago. Lots of TVs, which is very good,  but that's about all this bar can brag about.  The food is subpar and the service,  though nice, is slow.  With Bad Daddy's, Bradshaw's,  and other places close by you won't be missing anything by passing on The Fox & The Hound.
5	Service isn't terrible but could be worked on. Drink specials are good, they have lots of TV's for game day! Fox and Hound is much MUCH better than the sister CO. Bailey's.
1	Up to this week the place had very good lunch specials, I came in on Monday not knowing the menu and prices have totally changed. I ordered the burger as I always do and instead of fries do a salad and get a tea or coke. In the past was like a 7-8 dollar lunch. Well come to find out after I order and eat ofcourse all that has changed, now its a 2.00 upcharge for swapping for salad and the drink is almost 3.00 so my 8.00 luch now goes to 13.00 without tip. Thats almost double the price without notice. Screw this place i wont be back
