4	After the dive bar that was Filthy McNasties, came the completely forgettable and short lived Citizen Smith, comes the Black Cat - the latest incarnation of what must be the smallest bar on Rose Street.This time though, they could be on to a winner.  Rose street in not area are that I would normally go for a drink, partly as it caters too much for the stag/hen crown, party the fact that many of the bars are just tourist traps and party as there are quite a few which are just a bit rubbish.This bar is tucked away at the west end of rose street, no fanfare outside to entice you but purely out of curiosity as I walked past it i tried it out and was very pleasantly surprised by what was inside.  Its small, too small to bother the stags and hens which is an automatic winner, but while very reasonably priced, its not a cheap dive bar so has done a good job of getting rid of the former Filithy's crowd.  What you have instead is a low lit, quite quiet, mildly gothic place, that is superb for a drink and a chat. Lovely atmosphere, friendly staff and below average drink prices for the area means that I will go back.Not sure how well know it is, but as word spreads im sure there are loads of people like me who would like to have someone in that area to meet people for a quiet drink but not have to deal with the usual stress of rose streets patrons!
3	I am not a fan of Rose Street and had not been there in months but after lunch at Calistoga and a couple of drinks in Element Bar, we were looking for something more 'pubby' and a friend suggested the Black Cat.  I had never heard of it and have absolutely no idea what was there before.  As its name suggests, the inside of the place is dark.  Very dark.  A bit too much to my liking.  It is very small but we managed to squeeze in and had no trouble sitting down.  The selection of beers is not huge but it is good.  They had some Black Isle Red Kite on tap, which is quite tasty.  They also had some St Mungo Glasgow lager, a German-like lager, which was quite nice.It was fine for a while, but when they put up the music volume up so much that it became uncomfortable and we could get on with our chat, it was time for us to leave.  I guess they maybe want the place to be a bit more bar-like on a Saturday night but this was just not on.Definitely a place where I would go back to if I happen to be on Rose Street.
4	This is a lovely little bar. I'm sure it must be the smallest bar on Rose Street - it's really just a square room. Nice atmosphere, and an excellent choice of real beers. They have guest beers on tap, and a huge range of bottled ales, including some great American craft beers. Staff are lovely too. This was only my second visit, but I'll definitely be back. There are tables outside - I'm looking forward to relaxing with a good brew next summer when it's a bit warmer!
5	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh in September. The Black Cat became our home away from home as everything about it, minus the Scottish accents, reminds us of our home in Austin, TX. We found ourselves wandering into this bar at least once a day for the entire week we were there.Top 10 Reasons I Love(d) The Black Cat10. Austin-chic vibe9. Fried haggis balls and other tasty delights8. Free wi-fi7. Great mix of music, sattelite and live6. We were given a personalized whisky tasting and history lesson5. Clean and spacious womens toilet4. Convenient - one block off Prince's St.3. Near lots of eateries and other bars2. Friendly, engaged bartenders1. Made us feel at homeP.S. Shout out to Rob and Chris for making our last night in Edinburgh so special!!
5	Settled down in this nice little bar for a couple of beers before heading to the sushi joint a couple of doors down with a groupon voucher in hand. First impressions were nice decor, friendly professional staff and a great selection of spirits. The beers on tap was the aim this evening however and I was pleasantly surprised by the selection. The bar man listed a whole range of interesting choices and I opted for the St Mungo. My other half loves cider and the Addlessons got a thumbs up and a comment along the lines of one of the best kept ciders she has had. It actually smelt like apples and tasted great. We liked the place so much that we went back for a night cap after our meal. This will now be my watering hole of choice at this end of town.
4	Relax and unwindA whisky lovers delight Casual, refined
4	I'm going to let the cat out of the bag, The Black Cat is a good pub on Rose Street...Rose Street (much like the Grassmarket) serves as a pub crawl magnet, where all the pubs are essentially generic, well The Black Cat isn't one of those places, for one it isn't suited to the stag/hen pub crawls simply due to the fact it's fairly small.As this is a pub, lets get to the important part, Black Cat keeps a good lager (St Mungo), real ale (two rotating casks), Aspalls cider and a great selection of whisky alongside a choice of vodka, rum or gin. So a good selection of beverages (I don't drink wine so it will never appear in my reviews but it is available) for the more discerning palette...So to sum up this is one black cat that isn't ill luck should your paths cross.
4	Popped into The Black Cat for a pint on a recent sleety weekday evening. There is a cluster of pubs on Rose Street (most of which we haven't tried yet), but we chose this one based on its impressive reviews. Immediately loved the relaxed atmosphere and decor, marvelled at the impressive whisky selection. There were two tasty ales on tap which we happily drank down. The menu of little snacky things looked tempting - we'll have to give them a try on our next visit. We will definitely be back. I could see this place becoming a regular stop for us as we settle into our Edinburgh routine.
4	Great spot to stop in for a pint if shopping/wandering around Rose St. The bartenders were friendly and were happy to give us tourists the rundown on the pub grub they have to offer, like haggis balls and fish bait!! I was curious to try but had just eaten before going there so I cannot comment on the food, but they said it's delicious. Seating is limited so not recommended for groups, but had a great time and would go back.
5	Great place for whiskey or a pint. They serve cheap pub grub and has a nice pub feel. Staff is helpful and nice
