3	As a blond haired, blue eyed white girl I felt a little out of place, as my friends and I were the only non-asian people there at the time.  But that just added to the experience of trying something new.  I had never had true Korean food until then, and I'll tell you I was missing out.  If you haven't tried the real thing go out and see for your self.  Korean food is very different from the usual Japanese or Chinese,  very simple but also very good.  The restaurant itself is nothing fancy, but very welcoming, so give something different a try.
4	This place has been spiffed up a lot since last time I went (a year ago).  The banchan were good (mainly different kinds of kimchi).  The dol sot bi bim bab was everything you could ask of a bowl of blazing hot rice and veg.  The beer was cold.  The service was timely and not intrusive.  The menu has a lot of interesting things for which I will certainly return.  Yay for actual Korean food in Charlotte.
2	Don't let the shape of my eyes deceive you, this was the first time I have really tried Korean food. When my husband and I walked in we were greeted by happy faces. Two women were making what looked like pot stickers and one was eating off of a cob of corn. I'm not sure that would pass a health inspection, but we continued on anyway.We were directed to the back and there was no one else there except a karaoke machine. We ordered the Bi Bim Bop, which is a rice bowl. After picking at the items in the bowl, the server came around and taught us to mix the ingredients together. It tasted better that way. The food was good with a strong sesame flavor; however it did not win me over. I was more disappointed in the hidden fees. Because my husband and I were trying this for the first time, we wanted to share. Once we told the server, she gave a funny look. She brought us out two cups of soup. At the end, when we received the bill, she charged us $5 for one cup of miso soup, that we didn't ask for. Not a fan of that. I'm not sure we will be back for the food or for the hidden fees. In any case it was an interesting experience.
5	This was the restaurant that used to be located on Albemarle Road, but they moved to Windsor Square near Sam's Club on Highway 74. The place looks Great on the outside and on the inside. At first, I thought it was a Japanese restaurant until I saw the Korean lettering in smaller letters on the sign.I'm so grateful for this restaurant. Whenever I'm in a korean-food mood, I always have to go here. I try to limit myself because it is quite pricey, but so good!I always order the Yuk Gae Jang. I want to try others but this is what I crave! It's good to go in groups so you can try their dishes LOL. They have delicious side that comes with the meal and the ending dessert can vary from time to time. My favorite is the rice soup like thing, with a sweet taste.The staff is always SUPER friendly and I always tip them extra for the great service. I would go here everyday if I could.
4	Perfect Korean cuisine
4	I frequent here from LA about 6 times a year and I was happy to find a good Korean restraunt in Matthews.  I love their spicy noodle seafood soup. Must try.
1	Tragedy!  It's closed.  I was craving Korean food the other day and went over there and there's a for rent sign on the window.
1	GONE!Twice I stopped here to eat dinner.  Both times they should have been opened (Friday and Saturday after 5:30 pm).  Last Saturday was the second time, sign up for lease and the place is "cleaned" out.  I should have known the first time!UPDATE - April 2012 - New Korean Restaurant is in this Space... "Inter Korea"!
