5	My wife and teenage son have both gone to Foothills (at their old location) for physical therapy. When my work injury got to be more than I could handle my wife sent me straight to Foothills.Their new location is outstanding! Much larger and more user-friendly than the previous one. Every member of the staff is outstanding; from the front desk, to the technicians, to the therapists, to the owner!The environment is a lot of fun and very welcoming. All of their equipment is in great condition and everything from the waiting area to the restrooms, to the equipment is very clean. In the middle of your session the numerous ceiling fans are an outstanding addition!Everyone there genuinely seems happy to see you each time you show up and make a point of checking in with you throughout your session to make sure you're doing well.My first appointment lasted a full two hours (maybe more) and Melanie (my therapist) proved to really know her stuff as she asked me about my history, my needs, what hurts and when it hurts. Her assessment was based on her years of experience and what I shared with her.I have been attending several times per week for awhile now and am steadily improving. They push me a little more each visit, but make it very clear that if something is too much that I can ease off.The staff has experience with everything from post-surgery physical therapy to working with die-hard athletes who want to up their game and go to the next level. I've seen people from 10-80+ years old receiving therapy.I honestly can't say enough good things about Foothills!
5	My wife started going here for therapy as the second stage of her recovery from a horrific accident several years ago.  She was in pain and very limited.  She went through therapy with Carlos and is now working with the trainer Allen.  She is doing so well I decided to start going as well!  My arthritis is better, I'm more mobile and we are both is better shape than we have been in years!  The facility and staff are great!  We both highly recommend Foothills!
5	Excellent Therapy provided. The way the instructors helped me to regain my Hand was terrific. Number one location to prefer for quick recovery.
