3	Three words: Chedder Bay Biscuits. "You can put a color with any noun and make a restaurant," my youngest brother commented on the ride over. He sat in the very back of the Envoy. I was behind the driver, my father. It was a family affair - the first dinner together since my other brother had gotten in from leave. "Green French fry," the oldest of the two sons said. Ew. I understand that Red Lobster is a direct insult to anyone living on the coast - whether you're from Seattle or Boston. Trust me, I'm well aware how offensive this restaurant can be. Yet, consider the demographic of the diners - all of us from Kansas. Sure, I've been to the coast, eaten fresh fish in Boston and San Francisco. Red Lobster is not what I would consider "upscale dining." Yet, considering the alternatives, I was okay with the selection. After all, they had to have a decent beer, right? They did. I ordered a Blue Moon while my brothers chose mixed drinks. Our waiter, one gregarious Erock, was the life of the party... and he wasn't even family. I ordered his recommendation - the Cajun Salmon - and found myself barely picking at it. I had a few bites of broccoli, but mainly I was content munching on the biscuits and drinking my beer. My brother picked at his steak. I tried a bite. "Chew, chew, chew," he said as my teeth tried to tear the beef apart. "Bite 15 and you've lost all flavor." I nodded sympathetically. Most of my family enjoyed their meal, though I could tell there were a couple disappointed in parts of their entrees, like the rice. I boxed mine up to go, for my Dad had ordered the exact same thing and loved it. No reason in wasting food, you know? Besides, I like making sure mi padre is well fed. We all left full. I think my meal consisted of 75% beer, 15% biscuits and 10% "real" food.
4	This is your typical Red Lobster. I have always loved the food, and the reason it gets four stars is because I live in Arizona and not in Maine or California. Also, you can get just shrimp or crab, where as the higher end seafood places mix it into some monstrosity of a dinner. And, the biscuits. Amazing. I also like getting my salad on a cold plate, mentally it tells me it's crisp.
1	I like Red Lobster but not this location. I got some kinda food poisioning from the Shrimp alfredo from the Southern Ave. location. If you wanna know what kind of bathroom experience I had after Red Lobster, just pour yourself a big bowl of Cocoa Pebbles and let it sit for 2 hours and then throw it against the wall.  You then get the sight and sound.
5	Best Red Lobster we've been to.  Okay, okay, chill out, we're not massively huge Lobster Rojo junkies, but for (affordable) sea food in Arizona, there's slim pickings.Our waitress, Casey, really did a fantastic job.  We were in quick, got our food much faster than expected, and everything ran smoothly, like the common well-oiled machine metaphor.The food was actually really good, and I enjoyed my Peach Bourbon BBQ Chicken and Shrimp a lot.  Of course, the biscuits are amazing.  I would take off 1/2 a star for the pathetic salads they serve before the entrees, but that's a minor complaint.The location is older, and, being next to a ton of retirement neighborhoods, you're likely to encounter more aged folk than highschool or college riff raff.  The old-fashioned tubed televisions hanging from the ceiling need an update, and a lot of the wood needs a little resurfacing, but other than that, no complaints.
3	To be honest, I am thinking this Red Lobster needs a facelift and some new staff. The booth we sat in was busted in the seat - really need to do a modern update to the decor. Service was just OK, but I have had a lot better at other places. Nice but not going out of their way to please anyone.Food was good, I had the rainbow trout, blackened, very good. My son got 1 pound of Snow Crabs - I think for a child the portion size is huge along with the price of $18.99! My son had the all you can eat shrimp which ended last night, that might be a good thing. Price didn't pay for the quality of the shrimp.We will go back, but no time soon if I can help it.
2	The only excellent in this restaurants was the customer services. The restaurants need major makeover so plain and duck tape all over the places unless they are planning to do so. The food was not my favorite seem they can't keep up with standard. The onion rings was so terrible so oily ( not eatable ) eh mm BK make much better onion rings than what they served on us.  Grilled Salmon was so dry aka overcooked plus leave fresh strongly fishy smell.
4	Wow this location looks good inside and out since the renovations. It was looking bad. Had a early dinner with family and everything was really good.  Our waiter was excellent, drinks were refilled, the bread basket was kept full and the food came out hot.  The stuff mushrooms and shrimp cocktail was really good and our main entrees was also great..  We had the Rock Lobster / Sampler plate / Crab legs /  Broiled Trout / and the new Shrimp Sampler and a kids shrimp on the skewers.  Come check it out... The renovations made a BIG impact.
3	Typical "seafood" from Red Lobster. Tastes like frozen dinner but this is where my Dad wanted to go. I had the endless shrimp which was ok. I usually love the cheddar bay biscuits but this time they weren't cooked all the way. They were actually gooey in the center!!  Ewwww. However, the soup was good...and that's why I upgraded it to 3 stars instead of 2.
2	I'll go when I'm craving seafood... But it's really not good seafood. Everything is in some kind of butter sauce or deep fried. It smells fishy as soon as you walk in the door. The crowd is generally elderly folks and it's just a blah place. Shrimp Fest is the only time worth going... All you can eat for a great price!
3	Although, the decor is drab and in need of a thorough cleaning and replacement, this older Red Lobster delivers on what I call, "Fast-Food seafood" in that the taste is very good, and the meals are usually fresh, hot and the service is pretty darn good.  I have certainly been to newer Red Lobster locations; but, for the chain, this one delivers and is adequate.  The food is mid-range in price ( I believe a bit pricey) but one kinda understands this business before you step foot in any of their establishments.  No surprises to speak of on price.
3	Very disappointed that they would NOT sell their lobster and shrimp Mac and cheese separately at ANY price. Comes only with two selections! Food was good service good.
3	Food is good, service is slow.
3	Went to have lunch here this week.  I normally don't go to Red Lobster since I don't especially like their menu, but a friend wanted to have lunch here so I agreed.  I had the shrimp fettuccine and it was OK but the sauce was too thick and by the time I got towards the end of the meal, it congealed into a big gooey lump of sauce and noodles.  The Caesar salad was so-so at best and the cheese biscuits are not as good as they used to be.  All in all, it was OK but nothing that would draw me back again on my own accord.The only thing I did not like was that the server kept bugging us and checking on us.  I don't believe that he was being attentive, but rather, he wanted us to eat fast and leave so he could have another table ready for more customers and more tips.  So we left before we wanted to, and went across the street to McDonalds to have an ice tea and continue our discussion.
5	Excellent
1	Went there yesterday for their Seafood Feast which includes a lobster tail.  With all the food I asked for a box to take the xtra home.  Had not yet eaten all of the lobster.  When I scooped it into the box it smelled kind of fishy.  When I opened it up today, the odor almost bowled me over. I showed it  to my neighbor who is from the coast and eats a lot of seafood.  She said it was definitely off, not just fishy. I was going to save it to take it back to them, but it stunk up my fridge so bad I just threw it away.  My advice, IF you go and anything has even a slightly fishy smell, send it back. YUCK!!!
5	Dined here with my mother-in-law and husband the other night. It might smell fishy as soon as you walk in because they have a live lobster tank! We had great service from our waitress, Katie. They overcooked my steak and when Katie came back to check on us, we let her know. She notified her manager and I was personally delivered a fresh steak from the kitchen by the chef who asked me to cut into it while he was present. I showed him my old steak and he agreed that it was definitely medium, not medium rare. The manager was fantastic- we complimented our waitress and he was genuinely appreciative. My mother-in-law loves RL so I'm sure we'll be back and hopefully get seated in Katie's section again. Ask for Katie & you'll get great service! No- I'm not related to her at all. I promise!
5	Great food love the shrimp dishes
3	This particular Red Lobster holds a special place in my heart, as we've celebrated many special occasions here as a family. Of late however, it seems that the service has gone down hill. Unfriendly hostesses, a little too pushy servers, too high of prices for what you get, and decor desperately needs an update. We will continue to dine at RL, but probably at a different location from now on.
5	Best service I've EVER had here. Sat in the bar, had three servers more than attentive. There was never a moment I was looking for anything. The food was hot and delicious. Ordered the rock lobster (amazing!) with snow crab legs and shrimp scampi. I told my server I'm never able to effectively open crab legs and bless his heart he grabbed gloves and offered to do it for me. Biscuits are great as usual but I am more impressed with the exemplary customer service today.... Kudos to this location and the management for getting it right! I will be back....
5	Tonight was one of the best restaurant experiences I have had in my entire life.  I took my wife out for a date night here, and when we arrived, they said it would be about a 45 minute wait for a booth, but it ended up only being 20-25 minutes instead, so that was a plus.Brittany was our waitress (if you come here, ask for her), and she was very nice and extremely attentive, but wasn't at all pushy or invasive, like some servers tend to be.  She was very informative and knowledgeable on what menu items they had on special, as we'll as the 'Fresh Catch' menu, and was able to answer any questions I had (you might say I'm the problem customer; I like to know everything I can before making a decision), and was extremely patient with me as well.  Virtually anywhere my wife and i go, we order a larger meal and split it, as neither of us can really manage a full portion on our own, and i think some waiters or waitresses put us on the back burner because of it, sort of setting us in a corner and trying to forget about us, since they believe we won't tip very decently.  Well Brittany was absolutely lovely, and treated us worth exactly the same care as the party of ten she was serving a few tables away, and for that she truly earned her tip. (=On to the food:  We decided to go with the 'pick any three' appetizers, and so we got: fried clam strips, fried calamari and vegetables, and mozzarella sticksFor our meal: The Ultimate Feast (caesar salad, fried shrimp, shrimp scampi, lobster tail and snow crab legs)And, of course, an extra helping of Snow crab legs.The meal was quite appetizing, and absolutely everything (minus the shrimp scampi, which was about 8/10, for which Brittany apologized profusely, and she shouldn't have done this, but she knocked a sizeable bit off the bill) was top notch! Served with flair, and every bite filled with more flavor than it should sensibly be capable of containing. I also got to try fried broccoli for the first time, and it was good enough, I think I'll go home and try to copy it, and if I fail, I'll just come back here and eat again =P5/5 Stars, as long as you ask for Brittany as your server!!!
2	Service is good.. Food is terrible. Low quality, bad preparation....  If the quality to price was more in line I would've given it a higher rating because I don't generally have high expectations for chains but in this case I just don't think the value is there.
4	Tonight we went to RL for our Anniversary dinner... the Lobster fest was great.... I am a big fish eater from the east coast and the food was great and the service from Heather was the best... Great food and Service !!! The only thing I would change is their music, every time we go there the music is not Dinning music!!! Thank you RL for the wonderful experience once again!!! 2/22/2014
3	Typical chain restaurant experience.  A group was going, so I was forced to go along!  Otherwise, I prefer non-chain restaurants that food is custom flavored!  Call ahead seating told 20 minutes, we were there one hour 30  minutes before we got a table!  We had a larger party, 2 waiters,one was great, one was so,so.  Food was typical, nothing to write home about.
5	My husband and I love Red Lobster! If my husband picks the restaurant, Red Lobster is almost always his choice. The artichoke seafood dip is so yummy! Plus we love the biscuits and snow crab legs! They are even nice enough to make me a special virgin version of their triple berry sangria. Yum!
4	I was really happy with my experience at Red Lobster! First of all  getting good service these days is about as common as finding a person that still uses VHS tapes... few and far between. Our waiter was Tanner, he was exceptional. Tanner was respectful, attentive, and quick to hook us up with refills. The other staff was kind and full of positive energy! I was very impressed! Kudos to Tanner and the Red Lobster management team.The food was stellar! We had the blue cheese steak with a lobster tail on the side (it is Red LOBSTER after all). The steak was cooked to perfection, juicy and delicious, better than most steakhouses I've been to. The mashed potatoes were awesome and the green beans were too! Only negative was the biscuits were a bit over salted, but still really good. I have gone here during off hours and when they are busy and the service has been consistently above average.  Bottom Line: excellent service and the food is amazing. I would recommend Red Lobster to get your feast on any day! :)
2	We use to love Red Lobster, but our last visit was disappointing.   The service was very good and the staff attempted to make us happy, but the food was sub-par and overpriced.  Things were cold and not the quality we use to get there.  We had a large group and spent over $200 for a family birthday and were told they do not give birthday treats anymore.  Gees, a cup of ice cream with a candle would break you?  After many years, won't be back.
4	Service was great. Came on Father's Day, restaurant was packed so we sat at the bar. Ordered a few appetizers: the mussels and the combination seafood appetizer with coconut shrimp, stuffed mushrooms and cocktail shrimp. Mussels were over done, and the coconut shrimp wasn't anything to brag about. But the biscuits were amazing as always and the stuffed mushrooms and cocktail shrimp were good. I'd be back.
4	Surprisingly had a good experience at this Red Lobster today. The last couple of times I have been to a Red Lobster have been disappointing to say the least but this experience was much better. I feel as though this location has it together, from customer service to food quality, they get it.My sister and I arrived around 5:30 this evening. We were seated right away and needed a high chair as we had my baby niece with us as well. We were seated at a very nice table in the back and we were kindly given a high chair with no problem. Our waiter, while he seemed new and a bit nervous was very nice and he was very prompt with service. My sister and I both ended up ordering the same thing off of the crabfest menu which was a sirloin topped with lump crab meat and green beans. We both ordered our steaks medium rare. They came out perfectly cooked, juicy, and the crab gave them a great amount of flavor.Overall our visit today was very good. Service was good, food was very good, I was slightly shocked at how impressed I was with this Red Lobster. I had pretty much given up on them but we were both in the mood for seafood and there are not a lot of options in Mesa but I was pleasantly surprised tonight. Kudos Red Lobster, you might have won back a skeptic...
2	Terrible ceasar  salad dressing. Fish of day overcooked. Baked potato was fine. Broccoli just broccoli.  Malt was very good. Lobster bisque good but over salted.  Food was just ploppped on plate. Definitely wont be back. The coconut shrimp was very good.
1	Don't waste your time or money. Beyond dreadful. Not sure who was supposed to be in charge but the inmates run the asylum here.
4	We stopped going to Red Lobster a while back and after seeing the new menu we decided to try again. I am "tickled pink" to say it is better than ever and we now have a Friday seafood place back on our calendar. The service was excellent, The food fresh and cooked to perfection. This is the Red Lobster of old for sure. Good job, we are already looking forward to Friday.
