3	This small deli, located on Edinburghs Causeway side always seems to have somebody in, no matter what time you may be passing.There are, of course, some very good reasons for this - firstly the freshly prepared food is always high quality and has a vast range to choose from. Secondly, the sheer value of the food and drinks - both in price and promotions, such as free teas or coffee's with sandwiches and other snacks. There is a small seating area, but it's not quite a sit in cafe.The Grange Deli is a nice little place to grab a bite to eat and a coffee.
3	I agree with Johnathan here, don't come here expecting a seat unless you bring your own deck chair.The food is pretty good though, you're usual soup and sandwich establishment. Where they really shine is the coffee, specifically Lattes. So creamy and a good milk-to-coffee ratio too...what?......Thats important!!
4	Great for a quick bite or a monster sandwich.PRICE: The prices are great. You can get a good sized lunch for less than a fiver.SIZE: Only a wee place more suited to takeaways. Still a couple of seats about if you are alone.CHOICE: Plenty of choice here, and the ingredients are fresh. Loads of breads and fillings, plus drinks choices and so on...Grange Deli (or Grange Takeaway as it has been renamed recently) is a fine little breakfast and lunch sandwich stop, perfect for grabbing a bite to eat for lunch on the way to or from [the University of Edinburgh's] King's Buildings. The food is spread out behind the counter and is put together before your eyes. There are a few different breads, and a multitude of fillings.The staff are friendly (it is run by a couple of ladies who are quite cheerful and chatty), and if you pop in a few times they soon get to know you. The place has a pleasant feel as you wait for your sandwich to appear before you, and I once popped in to find [top class funk band] The Bamboos playing. All in all a great little spot.As a last note, if you are stuck for which sandwich to buy, I have but one suggestion for you: buy the Coronation Chicken. It is by far the best coronation chicken sandwich I have ever sunk my teeth into. My friends agree. Excellent. Once again an enthusiastic thumbs-up.
3	This place isn't called Grange TakeAWAY for nothing, so no complaints about the lack of seating.This is a nice wee sandwich/breakfast/hot drinks takeaway joint, perfect for grabbing a quick (big) bite. These are all made using fresh ingredients. This is no baguette express. They do also nice soup, usually a choice of two, and often both vegetarian.Also note that they offer free tea and coffee with breakfast orders before 11:30.
