4	Very good food. Meat off the grill has great flavor and service was very good. Old interior so watch out for the booth seats.Would very much go back.Price is right.
4	The Royal Cafe has good food at great prices. I have been here for dinner and breakfast and have not been disappointed either time.
4	I've only been here for breakfast, and they always have a good specials.Consistently good breakfast, some waitresses, more attentive than others.Popular neighborhood restaurant for sun city, will be going back again!
1	convenient location - often moved without notice or found ceilings falling or the restaurant flooded.  I quit going here because I don't feel they really value their customers.
5	I am NOT a Senior Citizen yet and I love this place.  NICE staff, generous portions, they do NOT gouge you with drink prices and the food is quite good.  Other places around could learn a lot from their friendly staff.  I have had everything from breakfast to Liver & Onions (which is GREAT here).  They do not break your wallet on ANY dish.  Wish all the other places were as fair as they are with menu prices.  Many thanks!
5	Great Food, Great Prices, and Great Service. If you want to eat a place where they treat you better than family, this is the place. It's been in business for years and it will be here to stay.Portions are large and food is great. You really can't go wrong with anything.
3	As snow birds we have eaten at the Royal many times over the last several years, but before I knew about yelping.  So, taking everything into consideration I can honestly say this is a great place for breakfast which is what we usually come for.  They do a bustling business and on Sundays you have to get there early or you will hit the 'after church' crowd and then you have a bit of a wait.  The staff is friendly and helpful and if it's not busy they are fine with letting you sip your coffee and finish the crossword puzzle.  We've eaten dinner there a few times too.  I've tried the chicken breast and fish of some sort and was pleased.  The baked potatoes are good, the salads are fresh and their dressings are great.  The times we have had dinner they have usually served fresh green beans as the veggie.  I have not tried their home made desserts but they look delicious.  So, this place is really a very high three in my yelpimation.
4	This humble-in-decor restaurant is one of our favorites for reliably good food, friendly staff, and an inexpensive outing.  It's family-owned, and pride-of-ownership comes through... especially in the home-made desserts they showcase near the front door.  Their soups are also home-made, and Sunday's Chicken Rice soup is so good we've frequently taken home extra containers for the next day and to freeze for when we desperately need a momma-love-comfort-food fix.Their menu is full of familiar standards, but their daily dinner specials show a talent for individuality and a flair for adventure.  I love their Chicken Mensajero (broiled chicken breast with freshly steamed onions, mushrooms, and green peppers)... the cooks in the kitchen understand flavors and how to bring out the best in food combining.Having worked as a waitress, I was also impressed by an overheard conversation as I passed by one of the dining booths.  One of the owners (the wife of the family), and the primary baker (the mother-in-law), and one of the waitresses were in discussion.  The owner asked the waitress, "So how do you think it would work better for the wait staff...?"  No wonder all the employees like working here - they're treated like people, and not machines!  And their happiness rolls downhill into treating customers as welcome members to the table.
4	This is one of those small, neighborhood places that is easy to pass up - I oughta know having done just that.  But tonight we stopped in and had dinner.  It was great!  We ordered the fish which (for $7.99) is a great value and ALL YOU CAN EAT!  This entree includes three sides.  Although the salad was a little watery, the soup was pretty good and the green beans - not bad.  The place looks small from the outside but inside it's huge. Lots of room, great lighting, pleasant music and the staff was awesome.  From our hostess to our waiter (Ruben) everything was smooth and easy.  We can't wait to go back for breakfast!  If you believe in supporting local businesses while trying to save a buck, try the Royal Cafe.  I think we've got a winner here!
1	The Mr & I used to frequent this place quite often.  However, after numerous complaints about the cart of dirty dishes parked next to our booth went unheard, we'd finally had it.  Who wants to see other people's dirty dishes while you're eating.  Plus, the food was just ok (not extraordinary), the price relatively cheap, the service a bit slow and the mgmt unfriendly.  I'll never go back!
4	Enjoyed breakfast here recently. It was our first visit but we'll be back. The food is basic but delicious. I had a breakfast special that included eggs, sausage and pancakes, all of which we're tasty. My husband ordered the breakfast burrito which was ample and filled with bacon, ham, onions and tomato. All that food and a pot of coffee cost only $12. I especially like that they leave your own pot of coffee at the table. The interior is dated but the table, dishes and utensils are clean and the service is friendly. The clientele is also dated so be prepared for some looks if you're nifty but under fifty.
3	Nice place for breakfast. Friendly staff, prompt service. Good prices.  Coffee snobs beware:  Coffee weak!
4	The place is....uh...a dump in a crap looking area, but the prime rib dinner for $11+ is a spectacular dinner, well cooked, tasty and a huge piece of meat!  Good deal!I've eaten here a few times with my neighbors, never been disappointed in the food or the service...just this ain't duh Ritz location or buildingwise.  My friend eats breakfast here alot with her volunteer group.  I think they have some $2.50 eggs, toast, coffee, hash brown deal then.  She says it's good, and being the superior cook she is I believe her.For a good, cheap dinner well done and good service, too...try Royal Cafe.They have TONS of regulars so they must be doing something right.
3	One of the oldest and most established eateries in Sun City.  The ambience is early truckstop, but the food has always been good and the service OK.  We don't go here often in the winter while the snowbirds are here because we typically would go Friday night or Sunday morning and there is usually a huge crowd (anywhere from 30-45 minute wait.  Even in the summer it is crowded.  The service is usually good but you can have  a 5-10 minute wait just in line to pay at the register.
4	Old school diner/coffee shop.  Food was very good.  Place needed a remodeling 20 years ago.....but if that doesnt bother you. ...... You will be happy.  Very elderly clientele.
1	Was my first time to try this place..... Was waiting for over 15 minutes until ANYONE will acknowledge you there.... So got up and walked to the front to get menu ... Then I asked casher ..... Can someone take order? Guess what? I just left!!!!! Obviously young people were not welcomed there! Not trying again !!!!!!
4	Solid diner with rock bottom prices. Kitschy atmosphere, elderly clientele. They know now to fry. The skillet dish is very good.  Stick with the diner classics and breakfast.  Old school menu choices like the Diet Plate. Delightfully authentic with zero pretension of being anything other than a solid diner.
1	absolutely disquisting!!!!!!!  we went with my husbands parents for breakfast, and his dad ordered a breakfast burrito, halfway thru it he found HALF A ROACH!!!! we called the manager over and showed the manager, he just looked at it and said "oh it happens..." we left right away and took a pic of the roach in the food, sent it to the health department, and they told us they had many reports against them.
1	we have been going there 4 years-it has really gone down hill badthe woman behind the counter are NOT friendlythe portions have shrunk in sizethe service is VERYslow-the lady at the register just ignores you when the waitress does not come by-she stares at you like you have 2 heads-I thought we were doing them a favor by spending money there. if we are they sure don't act like it, there used to be a great staff there a few years ago but not so anymore. the food is ok but not as good as a few years ago and the portions are very small-btw the French fries are awful
1	My husband and I have been going there for at least 8 years now. We are from back east and when we found this place it was great, service was great, food great, it was our Sunday brunch place. They recently opened up a new restaurant on Bell and ever since then this place has been totally neglected. Service has declined, cleanliness declined,  food has lacked and the owner could care less about keeping his clientele.  Don't even bother complaining he is the definition of apathy. It's almost as if he wants the business to fail. So sad! Fortunately my husband and I have found another diner that is what royal cafe used to be. :-) I wouldn't be surprised if they tank or get closed down soon.
