4	I was never a huge fan of In-n-Out til I discovered the secret menu (not so secret menu: http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp; super-secret menu: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-N-Out_Burger_menu_items ... on wikipedia. I love it). I don't even eat beef outside of Whole Foods (free range, baby). I'm all about the Animal Fries. I think Animal style would make anything good. I'd make my cat animal style and eat her. Everything here is fresh, blah blah blah. This is one of their main selling points. But who friggin' cares? Its fast food. Its not supposed to be healthy or anything. They're open late: 130a on the Vegas weekend. This is a Christian-owned franchise. Look on the bottom of the soda cups, its says John 3:16. I kind of feel like a hypocrite eating their food. Being a jezebel and all ... * off the strip, non-casino
5	This is the place if you want a delicious fast food burger!  I pity the constantly abandoned Arby's 20 yards away.  That Arby's is all, "Dang, why are you so delicious In 'n' Out, with your simple, yet always deliciously diverse menu?  Look at us, suffering and empty here."Even the wait times are lower than in California at this location!
5	I moved here from California and am glad In-N-Out can be found in Vegas as well. Food is always delicious and staff is friendly. Oh the shakes, they're so good! And the fries are the best fries in the world, they never get old. It's a popular place though and is absolutely busy at lunch and dinner hours. Even so the wait time is usually within an acceptable range, the staff definitely runs around working hard to get us on our way. Do try to eat here since the food tends to get a little too cold for comfort if you get take out.
5	This is the only place where waiting 10-15 minutes for fast good is WORTH it!! I'd never heard of in n out till about 6 months ago and never understood why people where willing to wait so long for burger and fries. But after one visit I understood!
4	In-n-out is the west cost king of burgers. Cooked to order fresh and never frozen. I had the double double with grilled onion. If you don't have alot of time on your hands come back another day because you will wait about 10-15 mins for this masterpiece
4	It's in-n-out burger. You can't go wrong!
5	C'mon...its In-N-Out...you really need a review? Its the bomb of course!!
4	the line can be 10 cars deep and i'll still wait because the staff and service is so fast, they will get you in and out in a jif. i don't eat the burgers there, but i do enjoy to occasional chocolate shake, delectable fries, and their animal style grilled cheese. SCRuMP! =)the menu is short, sweet, and simple. because there isn't much to chose from, it makes anyone's selection a breeze. if you want great all american fast food, in and out is the way to go.
4	Did you hear of Animal Style?  If you never have, you can thank me later.  I accept cash.  ^_^I always eat the Double-Double combo with fries, animal style.  Animal style is cheese, bacon and their special sauce.  You can also ask for your burger to be animal style but for me, it's overkill.  So fries can be the animal and my burger can be au natural.  Enjoy!
5	So good! In-N-Out is the best! Neapolitan shake and 3x3 animal style with normal fries is the best combo yo!
1	yuck!!! what a disgrace!!!! im from cali and when you go to in n out out there you get what you order you dont get some half a** excuse of your order like you get pretty  much any where in vegas...Im guessin there just livin up to the vegas life style get the money f*ck the customers but hey thats just my opinion! well done fries means not soggy limp fries it means golden crispy fries just in case the staff doesnt know and protien style!!!...dont get scared it just means wrap it in lettuce dont fu*k up the entire burger!!!!omg this company prides itself on customer service so please do try this place im just sayin if this one is your first dont judge!!!!! there are better!!!
2	After hearing how awesome in and out was, we finally decided to try it. We waited about 10 minutes to get our order, a cheeseburger with lettuce and tomato, and the special sauce, along with the fries.Yuck! The special sauce turned to be thousand island, and they just drenched the burger with it. The veggies were ice cold and soggy, which made the rest of the burger cold..and soggy... The fries were only luke warm and had no flavor whatsoever.I guess you get what you pay for.Update: Decided to try them again. Figured maybe it was just an off night. Fries were hot and freshish this time, but just bland. Not awful, but not something I'll bother paying for again. Got the burger with ketchup and mustard instead of the spread. It was actually a pretty good burger, but it was still cold and soggy. Upgrading it to two stars, simply for the good service and the fact that the burger COULD be good. Still, Smashburger and Five Guys and Fries have better burgers, no doubt.
5	One day I met a girl who said she'd never been to an In N Out, even though she's lived in LV for ever. I think she was lying and was just saying that so I'd get outraged and take her there. It worked. If you have not been to In N Out, then you need to go there right now. Seriously. Here's what you're going to get: a double-double with everything, animal-style fries, and a shake. If you don't know what animal-style means, then you need to get online and search for their "secret" menu! The actual menu only consists of a hamburger, a cheeseburger, and a double-double. Also, please don't be one of those people who goes there, waits in line for 5 minutes, then has no idea what you want when you're up. I'll probably be the guy behind you saying "Really? There are THREE things to pick from!"Everything about In N Out is fresh. The meat is delicious, the bread is super soft, and the vegetables are crisp. For whatever reason, even their ketchup tastes better. The only thing I dislike a little about In N Out, and I'm aware I'm about to commit sacrilege, is their fries. They're good, but I personally like the fries at Wendy's or Jack in the Box more. As reviewer Cathy L wrote, it's In N Out! Go there and eat!
5	Awesome Burgers! Not really down with their sauce so.. I prefer Ketchup and Mustard than the "spread" lol..
4	So I've written for In-N-Out before.. but not at this joint.So I came in around 11am looking for a snack hehe. More like EARLY lunch. My friend had already decided upon her order, & the cash reg' lady was quick on it. Good.I love In-N-Out. Everybody & your future kids know that.What irks me this time.. The cash register lady was becoming impatient with me.. waiting for me to take my order in the most nicest way possible.It's too bad I can read right through ya, sis. I mean, there's no one else behind me, and you probably just started your shift, so can you give me a minute to order?In-N-Out = 4 stars.Cash reg lady= No star.
5	Consistently a GREAT experience here. This In N Out carries what I call the element of success for any restaurant. Great food, service, and prices. The food is always delicious and the people who work here are the friendliest employees I have ever seen at any restaurant. They seem to truly enjoy their job and it's nice to see that considering at other fast food places the employees seem miserable. The managers are also very nice and seem to treat everyone great which may be what keeps the morale up. These little things just seem to make my visit that much more enjoyable. Keep up the amazing service In N Out.
5	Super packed and still pretty quick. Do I really need to do a review of this? Try a normal double double and if you dont like it... go somewhere else. You don't need to be waisting my time by standing in line in front of me.
4	Who doesn't like In and Out - except the lines.
3	I particularly prefer In-N-Out to any other burger joint that I have eaten at. This is a location that is generally busy, but not the fastest. I always ask for well done fries, because I do not like soggy potatoes, and this location used RECOOKS for my order. Be careful not to visit at lunch time on a school day. PARKING is difficult.
5	In-N-Out doesn't need much more praise than they probably already received, but here's my two cents about it:They make your burgers just the way you want it. But they even do it for your fries. You want them animal style? No salt? You got it. How many fast food burger places do that for you with no complaints? Their patties and potatoes are never frozen. And they're delicious. And they're cheaper than most burger stops. Can't ask for more than that...
4	Great service, great food and great location.Gets very back up at night though...and I love how simple the menu is.I don't eat there very often though.
4	you really can't go wrong for a fast food burger here!! always get the double-double and never been dissapointed. nothing else just burgers...no shakes...no fries...nothing but the burger... this is where i go when i don't want to spend $13-21 for a gourmet burger. best "first tier" burger..."second tier" 5 guys...after that its ted's homemade...really an $18++ burger...ok i'll try one...eventually.
4	The original menu? The secret menu?It really does not matter because these guys here will go to there utmost ability to get you the burger that you want and how you want it. I remember coming here after high school asking for a "three patty, no cheese, grilled onions, protein style with French fries, but put some grilled onions on the fries."Complicated, but they seem to know what is going on. I give a lot of credit to these folks for being able to put up with a bunch of high school kids who go to Cimarron High School. I can only imagine the disaster that comes with teenagers, yet the service and friendliness is still to par.
3	Crowded, as they usually are around lunch time. They were swamped and there wasa long lag between customers leaving and tables being cleaned.... but I 'm not goingto get too picky about that.The extra long wait time was a bit irksome. 15 to 20 minutes to receive our order. We should have went through the drive through.My burger ( a 3by3, animal style) was satisfying. My lunch companion was satisfied as well, so I know we 'll be back. Maybe just not at this location.
5	July 1, 2012 Sunday - lunch 11:00 AM2 adults & a kidAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 starsBackground - Originally we going to Babystacks for bunch but the hour wait was a deal breaker as we still have to drive back to Reno today.  We have never been to this In-N-Out Burger location before.Atmosphere - Cookie cutter layout with the retro feel.  The walls and counters are done in whites and reds.  It is early and the place was very clean and had no problem finding a spot to sit, but before we left another group was sitting in our spot before we made it out the door.Food  Appetizer - None, do they really have any?   Main Course - I was going to order whole grilled onions on my cheeseburger the next time I went to In-N-Out but I forgot, looking back I was glad.  I got my normal, cheeseburger animal style.  This had to be the thickest animal style burger I have ever had. So yummy!  Dessert - None, do they really have any?Service - We walked up and the cashier was doing something with a credit card and the till, just strange.  He indicated he would be right with us.  But with a few seconds another cashier got his till going and took our order.  Always fast friend service.  I saw one of the oldest employees I have ever seen at any In-N-Out Burger, probably a little order then me, he was also a Mets fan, and I had a Mets t-shirt and my 59fifty 50th anniversary hat on.  Future - Sure
5	The bomb. Get a Neapolitan shake.
4	I was so excited to try this place because now I can say I`ve tried all the big chain burger joints (5 guys, Smashburger, etc.). First, I couldn't believe the prices when I first walked in! It was like 5 bucks for cheeseburger, fries, and drink. I ordered mine ''animal style'' from the ''secret menu'' which is made with grilled onions. The burger was so simple but tasty for the price. Their lemonade is delicious. I wasn't crazy about the fries...our batch was kind of soggy. Also, the shake was a bit too heavy and creamy for my taste. I would go back for the burger if only they had locations in the Midwest but I think my favorite burger chain is still Five Guys...it is more pricier but worth it.
2	I haven't checked other reviews for In-N-Out, but I may be the only denizen of the U. S. who can't give it four or five stars.  I'm simply not impressed by the very limited menu, and its claim to fame, the burger itself.  Plain and simple, it's okay, but the single isn't much bigger than Mickey D's.  I like the minced onion in it, and the bun is good.  But I appreciate alternatives to fries, and here there just aren't any.Not being a regular, I wasn't familiar with the items that aren't on the posted menu, but I knew one existed, so I asked.  The kid at the register enumerated a few things, and when hubby heard him say "Veggie burger," he decided to go with a healthier alternative for a change.  When our food was ready, hubs dug in, only to discover that his veggie burger was nothing more than a lettuce and tomato sandwich!  The manager chided the clerk for not being more specific, and my husband ended up with an regular burger.We came here because we were hungry, it was late, and we knew it was open.  But I remain unimpressed, and will not be quick to return.
1	Just brought burgers and fries from 'in and out' at 95 and Lake mead. They increased the price and the fries are very bad. I don't know how to post picture here but all the fries are broken, brown and dark brown and 1 to 2 inches in size.
4	I havent eat a burger eversince i rmbr..This totally out of my diet...I told myself if im gona eat a burger again im goin to this place.....so here i come!!!Im excited to eat a burger with grilled onions and thier thousand island sauce is the best.....yayyyyy!!!!!!
4	Finally.   They don't have In & Out burger (yet) in Michigan.  This was my first time.  This is one of places that you hear people rave about all the time when talk of the best burgers comes up.  Pros:  Price.  Service (5 star).  Fries, thin and crisp.  Good burger.Cons:  No cons except it's not the best burger ever.  If I get another chance I'll have to order animal style.4.5 Stars
5	IN-N OUT rocks. What else can I say?There is always, always a super duper long line here in the drive thru and sometimes you wait for 10 minutes and sometimes up to 30. But you know that information going in. You always have to wait at IN-N-OUT and that is because it is all made to order. At least the wait is not as long as Fatburger.Employees are nice and it's a good location, you can drive in and out easily.
5	I'm sure you know In-N-Out burger. In case you're new here, they are a fantastic limited-menu old fashioned fast food burger joint. The burgers are of a much better quality than your average fast food. The fries are made right there on location using fresh potatoes. The milk shakes are made with real ice cream. The employees are super courteous, clean and efficient. It's everything you could ask for in a fast food chain and then some. This location is right up there with the best of them.
3	Ah, there glowing on the horizon, the famed In-N-Out Burger. Glorious the tales I've heard.Some things are better left as myth. It was A-OK, as the Yelp gods advise 3 stars should be. Nothing more, nothing less.[Yelp 30 Challenge: 26/30]
3	It is a good burger, but nothing so special about it.  It is just a very good home style burger.
2	Flavor Flav said it best: don't....don't, don't, don't believe the hype.Ordering from the Super Secret Menu makes for a decent burger (whole grilled onion slice is key), but they never read that it's impossible to cook good fries by frying the potato once. Lame, limp, and tasteless. Even ordering well done fries just makes sure they're not cold when you're done with the burger.At a place where they hype the freshness of the ingredients, the milkshakes are on tap from a machine.If you're from California, chances are that you OMG TOTALLY LOVE THIS PLACE. Put an In and Out Burger in the Midwest and you'll see it die a quick death because they're just NOT that good.The place is quite obviously a stripped down Steak 'n Shake since they opened 15 years later.In a prefect world, Fatburger would control every In and Out location since they are superior in every way.If you know what real food should be, then eating here will just make you doubt mankind's superiority as the dominant species on the planet. If you, like the majority of Las Vegas, think that Taco Bell makes the best tacos, you'll love this place. Mediocrity rules!
4	What can I say about In-N-Out that hasn't already been said.  It is my favorite fast food burger.  The staff is almost always friendly, the restaurant almost always busy and the store has some really cute stuff.  When in doubt, choose In-N-Out.  Don't forget the secret (not so secret) menu for protein style (lettuce instead of bun) or animal style (slathered with a chili type sauce) or multiple patties and cheese 2x2, 3x3, 4x4.  The fries are fresh cut and taste great while they are warm so eat them quickly.  Ando you can get your shake vanilla, chocolate or strawberry or ask for neopolitan (a littl e of each.)   Enjoy,we do.
4	Wow! This place was crazy!The food was great and the line moved really fast for how many people were in this little place at once.Look up the secret menu before you go! Ask for free stickers if you try something off it.I had a burger combo with animal style fries. Yes animal style!Animal style is this thousand island dressing with onions in it that they put over the fries and even on burgers I think.I didn't like it..But the burger was really good!Don't go in the bathrooms, it was a wreck in there and one was broken!
3	On a recent trip to Vegas and desperate for a quick bite while out on a shopping day we stopped for the old standby......burgers and fries at In-N-Out.You can surely find a better burger if you're willing to sit down and shell out $12 - $15. But bang for the buck....I'd come here way before I'd drive through one of the traditional fast food chains.Enjoy!
5	Can't go wrong with in-n-out! :)
5	I dream in burgers!
5	It's really not fair of me to review another In N Out Burger. I think the entire world now knows that I am head over heels in love with this place. We visit every single Sunday after church, and even when we don't make it to service, we still find a way to get to an In N Out. The burgers are RIDICULOUSLY delicious. I get mine mustard fried and it comes with a pickle. There's something about the small crunch on the bun that makes everything right in the world. The fries - OHHHH THE FRIES! They aren't your typical french fries - no - they are like over-sized potato stix. So yummy, so potatoey, absolute perfection. Dang, i LOVE me some In N Out Burger.
2	I ordered the cheeseburger and fries.  I was really eagerly hoping that the meat on the burger would be reallly tasty but I couldn't even distinguish it from all the lettuce and tomatoe....seriously, it tasted like a lettuce sandwich which is truly disappointing after hearing all the great things about this place.  The fries were thin and crispy but somebody unfortunately went WAYYYY overboard with the salt.  They were the saltiest fries I've ever tasted and wish I'd ordered a drink because I sure needed it after all the salt.  The bun on the burger was okay, just average.  I prefer a sesame seed bun. Maybe I should try one of the "off the menu" variations and find my sweet spot.  But for this first visit, I was totally underwhelmed and the price was too high - $2.25 for a burger.  That's too high for fast food which isn't even "fast" in that you do have to wait for a few minutes while they prepare the food.  I may try again....I may not.  Wish I could have tasted the beef!!
5	I eat here at least once a week. I am lucky to have been eating IN&OB my whole life while people who grew up here in Vegas like my wife have not been. IN&OB first expanded outside of California to Las Vegas in 1992. Kids today wont know what it was like to not have a IN&OB as it should be! The employees at this location are always friendly and my order is never wrong. Depending on my appetite I will get a 3x3 or a 4x4 with chopped chilies. Today it was a 3x3 with grilled onions and mustard and a side of fries. the inside and bathrooms are always clean. I'm impressed that a place with such a limited menu can make a burger so many ways but IN&OB manages like a champ.
5	This has to one of my all time favorite fast food spots hands down. The food is so fresh. Double-double w/ grilled onions and Animal Fries..
5	I have reviewed other In-N-Out Burger locations, so it seemed strange I didn't have a review for this location since it is the one I most frequent (at least once a week). Seems more like "creeper fishy" to me, but anyways. This location is my favorite. I have been eating here since it opened and have never once had an issue. Consistency is clearly something In-N-Out Burger focuses on. The inside is always very clean as well the restrooms. The line inside as well the drive-thru can be crazy, but it's worth it. If eating inside it is best to go in with others so you have someone to order and get drinks so the other can scout out a spot to sit. The booths are hard to come by at peak times. The parking can fill up too, but recently they have added orange cones so there isn't as much congestion between the parking area and the drive-thru. Everybody pretty much knows the secret menu at In-N-Out Burger isn't so secret anymore. I love that the menu is so simple. When you know how to make something right, you don't need a large menu. Hamburgers, cheeseburgers, fries, shakes and drinks are what you will find here! For me this last visit (and pretty much every visit) I had a "Grilled Cheese W/Grilled Onions" (no lettuce) and it was perfect. Sometimes I get extra tomato, extra grilled onions or even ask that they add mustard. I also ordered "Animal Style Fries" and was glad hubby helped me eat them because it was a decent size. The chilies here are good and you can get them chopped on your burger or just on the side to munch on.  If you like to spoil your pooch then order a "Flying Dutchman" for them and they will thank you :) Hours:Sunday - Thursday 10:30 am-1:00 amFriday 10:30 am - 1:30 am Saturday 10:30 am - 1:30 am
3	Far from the CA headquarters, this particular location tries but misses the mark of the usual standard.  Unattended bathrooms and a harried, albeit friendly staff don't quite give the same great in-n-out experience, but you can't blame them for trying.
5	Tati started it all, with a big smiling welcome. I got the double double, protein style with onions off the secret online menu.  That means no bun, just wrapped up in fresh iceberg lettuce leafs with tomatoes and loads of flavor but no Gluten.  Wow.  When are we going to have In and Out Burgers in the Seattle area,  when???
5	The staff is super nice and friendly and they make the food super fast and they're open late so that's great too :)
5	In-N Out protein style is when they do a lettuce wrap instead of the bun.  Omgoodess, that is so awesome for me since I don't do gluten (I'm on a modified paleo lifestyle).I scrape a lot of the processed American cheese off and if you ask for sauce on the side, they will give you the packages of their special sauce so you can put as little (or as much) as you want.  My sister likes to put more and I like a little.  They have fresh fries using fresh potatoes and I appreciate that.We go to this one since it's closer to my aunt's place and we get to go to Whole Foods as well (since it's a couple of blocks away).This location has been consistently clean, the teens working there have all been trained very well; they are polite, efficient and accommodating as much as they can be.  They smile, they greet and it's welcoming.  This location has always been busy, either the drive-thru or sit in but they work fast in the kitchen so the wait usually isn't really that long.Their milk shakes from from a machine so it's not made to order (with milk and ice cream) so it's concentrated stuff which I'm not fond of.  So there's no way for you to ask for it to be thicker or thinner if you have a preference in your milkshake texture.  I hope that is something they will look into, having an ice cream and milk blender (I thought they did before hence the milkshakes always taking long to make) so that it goes with their motto of cooking food "the old fashion way".
3	Ok I have been to a couple, few in AZ and Cali. Honestly its ok the staff is nice, and place is always clean. I had double double fries and shake. The Double double bread had a weird texture sort of frozen but not. The fries normally I get them cause there really great however I was really shocked no flavor places I have been to sometimes but a spice rub, this was just overly salt and pepper and lightly cooked. the shake was good. There are other really good burger joint out there but worth checking out. While I do admit this was first time being left kinda disappointed in a in and out burger place.
5	I've been going to this In-N-Out for 8 years now! This is the place where I first discovered the deliciously fresh double-double burger. And let me tell you, it was definitely love at first sight! Staff here is wonderful. They're really nice (but then again, what In-N-Out staff ISN'T nice?!)! Bottom line? Fresh and delicious food. And probably a bit tad healthier than your local McDonald's. Plus affordable prices? Definitely not a deal that I could pass up.
5	OMG....  Here's what you need to get:-4x4-make it animal style-then go ahead and make it protein style-while you're at it you're at it you should get some fries and throw some animal style it's way too!!!
5	Really people it's in n out burger do I really have to say anymore except. Fresh and yummy.
5	Best burgers you can get! I always get a Double-Double with my favorite toppings, along with fries and a drink (sometimes adding a shake). Everything is freshly prepared and you can taste the difference. Such a wonderful change from other burger chains (you know who you are). The staff is so friendly and helpful as well--I come in so often they know my order by heart! In-N-Out gets my highest recommendation (and most of my burger business!).
5	Always the best place to eat when your hungry and don't know where to go. Always the best. A DOUBLE DOUBLE WITH CHEESE, extra sauce and lots of napkins...
5	I've only had In-N-Out Burger a handful of times now since I didn't have it growing up nor do I have one close to where I live now.  I get it anytime I can as I love this place too much.The menu is simple, yet fresh, affordable, and oh so good.  This location is particular was extremely busy when I visited, but the staff was friendly and quick to keep the line moving and customers happy.  My parents and I ordered the cheeseburger and fries combo.  Personally, I make my burger and fries animal style, so do yourself a favor and do the same. :)Yeah, it's not the BEST burger I've ever had, but for the quality and price, you can't beat this place.
3	I have been here several times and this time was a little disappointing. The Double-double was good but the fries felt undercooked and the waiting time was long at 13 minutes for my order. I will go back there again to hopefully better fries and shorter wait times next time.
4	I don't see the hype!   I'd go to smash burger before in n out if I wanted a quick burger!  The cus service however is AMAZING, always accurate and speedy!
4	Very yummy!!  I always make a special trip so I can ear this food. 4 stars because it isn't fast; average time (they make it fresh) is at least 15 min, at this location, from in the door to eating.
4	First time to this location. Ordered two double doubles with everything doubled including the onions & lettuce. Protein style. It was juicy in all the right spots & thevwait staff spot on.
4	My first time at an In-n-Out burger!! Being an east coast guy, and NY in specific, i never saw any in-n-out, steak-n-shake, or any of those type of places. I was in Vegas for a few days and had FatBurger several times. Then, while driving around killing time, i see In-n-Out. The tales of this place are legendary (up there with White Castle), so it was a must that i stop by. The first thing i noticed was the insane line. I was determined to wait though, and shockingly it dissipated in about 3 minutes. Next thing i see is the most basic menu i had ever seen: Burgers /Hot Dogs/ Fries.. is that it? I ordered a couple double cheeseburgers and fries, then jealously saw some people getting fries with sauces and cheese. That wasn't on the menu but i guess if you go there frequently, you know.
