4	The Morning Cup & More is a cute little coffee shop in the bottom floor of an apartment complex in Urbana, across the street from Courier Cafe.  The space opened on Dec 29, and you can tell the owners take pride in the establishment.  It's well-lit, the staff is friendly, and the coffee drinks are delightful.Best of all, however, is the gelato.  TMC makes its own gelato on the premises, and has flavors ranging from the predictable chocolate to coconut to rum raisin or pink guava.  They're quite good.The look of the coffee shop isn't very inspiring, but it does strike mas a nice place to sit, get work done, and read.  That said, they're brand new, have delightful free WiFi, could use the business, and you certainly should give them a try.The only reason why I'm giving the place a 4 instead of 5 stars would be its early closing hours.  They close at 7pm Mon-Thurs, and 8[m on Fridays.  Sundays has them closing at 3pm (Eek.)  Morning Cup, I'll come to you far more often, if you stay open past 9pm.  Please.That said, give them a chance.  They deserve your coin more than Starbucks, and will have to work for it even harder than ERC.  Go get a drink.
3	I love me a good coffee shop, so when I heard this was opening in downtown Urbana (walking distance from me) I was thrilled! The cafes on campus can get way overclogged for me.. I like to spread out! On Friday afternoon, TMC was pretty empty, which I hope changes. It is very cute and has a lot to offer. There is free wi-fi, sandwiches (with Boar's head meats and bread made in house), homemade soups, annnndddd homemade gelato! I tried one of their teas (magic moon?) which was tasty. My companion had a macchiato which looked fantastic. The music was pretty bad (some kind of smooth listening radio?) but it was quiet enough to read and my friend tapped away at his laptop. As we were leaving, the man behind the counter (my guess is the owner) asked if we'd like to try some gelato. He gave us each a large spoonful of each of the three flavors that day: strawberry, vanilla chai latte, and chocolate almond fudge. The strawberry was a bit tart for me (think less real strawberry flavor and more strawberry lemonade.. it will be perfect in the summer), but the two cream-based gelatos were perfect. Real flavors (not obviously artificial tasting like at the former Cafe Giuliani) and the right texture. This is some of the best gelato I've had in the states! I can't wait to try their food. Be warned: they have strange hours as mentioned before... so don't plan on staying late!Also: keep your receipt.. save 10 and get a free gelato or fruit smoothie (I almost didn't notice.. this is printed on the receipt and the owner didn't mention it)
4	I went to a knitting night here and had some of the most delicious gelato i've ever had! Seriously, try the pistachio because it's delicious! My friend had a sandwich with really good quality meats and cheeses on what appeared to be a homemade roll. Another lady in the group had the soup (pea soup) and said it was very tasty! Interior is nice and light with some artwork on the walls, as well as free wi-fi. Will definitely be back to try the food and more of that yummy gelato!
5	The Morning Cup is now my go-to coffeeshop, particularly after getting a bit tired of all of the crowding at Kopi and Aroma.  This one is still small enough to be friendly and accommodating, the staff knows you by name after awhile, and the gelato is always delicious.  Ann, one of the owners, is extra sweet, and fantastically personable.  I've already told them that they're not allowed to close until at least 2013 when I get my PhD.  But that involves you supporting them so that they stay open!  GO!
5	There are only a handful of things in this world that I do not play games with, and latte is one of them. The first time I went to MC the owner, Ron, asked me my name. For the last 50 times that I've been there he calls out my lovely name to me and then makes me the most perfectly-deliciouso latte that I have found in C-U. Ron and his wife Ann are now officially "my people". If you've only seen latte art on a poster, then go see it at the Morning Cup, because Ron has mad latte skillz. You will hate Espresso Royale after you taste it.
4	Ah, Morning Cup, how I love thee.  This place is hands-down my favorite coffee shop in the Chambana area.  The decor is lovely, very springy and open and well-lit without being garish, the staff friendly, and oh, the coffee.  One sip of their Dancing Elephants house brew (black, btw, which I usually never drink because I love my cream and sugar) and I am in caffeinated heaven.  And the homemade gelato is fantastic (and cutely named, ie "sometimes you feel like a nut," along with "and sometimes you don't").  They also have some real food (soups, sandwiches, salads, etc) if you want to get a real meal there.Great place to study because it's nicely lit, spacey, and much quieter and less crowded than anything you'll find on campus/downtown Champaign.  Only downside is their relatively limited hours, but seeing as this is literally a mom and pop staffed shop, it's hard to blame them.
4	I am so productive at this place. Seriously, the amount of work I get done here is just mind boggling. It's due to the open, bright space, free WiFi, solid breakfast and the yummy coffee. I like their Mexican organic, which I drink probably like 7 cups of (free refills)--and so also, their bathroom is nice too. Their gelato is not too bad. I really enjoyed their pistachio and I am just waiting for it to come back. The first time I was here, the female owner piled it so high on the little cup she had to wrap foil around it and it took two people + an hour to finish. The male owner, not so generous or smiley. (Plus, he gave free gelato samples to the table next to ours, but not to anyone else in the place. What's that all about?)The one thing I have started to notice are little fruit flies around. Hm.
4	Closed as of 12/5/09 =(  Really tragic, as this was by far the best coffee shop in town...sigh
5	5 December 2009 was the last day for the Morning Cup.  It breaks my heart to write this, because Ron and Ann managed to make a welcoming space that made me happy to work most days.  I got through two full semesters and wrote at least seven papers at Morning Cup, and they became my friends.  I am going to miss it a lot, and there's no ready replacement in sight. :(
