1	I have finally thrown in the towel with this place.  Horrible, incompetent staff.  Can't even call in a prescription correctly to the pharmacy.   A 15 minute wait to speak to anyone on the phone, a 25 minute wait in the waiting room w/ no other patients anywhere to be found.  This place is a mess.  I have been with this place since they opened.  I have realized that this is the worst doctors office EVER!  On to someplace new.  And rude service over the phone.   One star is too many for this place.  Stay away!!!
1	This place should be shut down, the staff is very irresponsible. If you, as the patient, don't call to get test results, they don't call you to tell you if everything is okay or not. They mess up test results, one staff member will tell you one thing and then another staff member will tell you another thing. This place makes me think that their staff is not properly educated for their jobs. Also, if you want the doctor to explain your test results, there is a fee just to speak with them. I'm done with this place, after messing up 3 test results. No stars for this place would be nice.
1	I am trying to figure when they are ever open.  I went once (will be my last) and was very sick.  They took blood and told me not to expect a call for at LEAST 2 weeks!!  WHAT?  I have never heard of this - EVER.  I am still sick and its been over 2 weeks and no call.  Every time I call - its after hours.  Not sure how they stay in business.
1	Been with them for 6 years and the quality of care has gone down. APPARENTLY calling a patient back with results is not a concern for them and they don't respond when you leave messages. No follow through with patient care, and the new staff acts like your a bother when you call. IMO a receptionist should not be giving me feedback from Dr. Finally jumping ship.
1	This is the WORST doctor's office I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with! The unfortunate part is that Dr. John Monroe himself seems like a decent primary care physician, but working with his incompetent, rude and nasty staff is a complete nightmare. My first appointment was to establish myself as a new patient. I got to the office 15 minutes before my appointment time so I could fill out paperwork and didn't get to see the doctor until an hour and 45 minutes AFTER my appointment time. The nurses and staff seemed very grumpy and rude. It took me 4 months to get a referral filled out correctly and to the correct physical therapy facility. They don't return any calls from patients or other healthcare providers. I had to go to the office in person several times to put pressure on them to get my referral done and to get signatures since they won't call anyone back. The staff is so rude and the lady in the referral department is downright nasty! You can't get an appointment to see a doctor within a reasonable time span, even in an emergency situation. I had gone to urgent care several times already and wanted to see an M.D. (not a physician's assistant) because I have health issues. When I called and explained the situation to Healthy Life Family Medicine (after being on hold for half an hour!) they said they can't fit me in and it would be 3 and a half weeks before I can get an appointment!  Plus they are rude, snotty, and act like you are bothering them. Save yourself the stress and headaches and go to a different practice!
