2	wowo, cant believe im the first one to review this place!(well judge by its popular location and countless franchises)  i was here for lunch couple days ago, around 3 or 4 o'clock maybe? and there was nobody here! (its summer so not too many students i get it) then i ordered my food, a 2 combo plater for carry out. $6.79 or something plus tax. okay price, not too cheap, but i got so little food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the server use that little spoon, barely gave me anything(not to mention there are not many food left in the wok --- maybe its because its not during lunch hour or watever, the food all looks cold, dont know how long its been sitting there) So i got some Chow mein (noodle stir fry with some sort veggies), a orange chicken (cold and chewy, mostly batter, tiny piece of chicken inside) and a kung pao chicken (which has the best flavor among all these dishes, it was spicy, the diced chicken was cooked well) Overall, I may come back to this place, just because its fast and convenient location. But I really wish next time they could give me more food!!! (speaking for all customer, i believe we all want the same thing) MORE FOOD PLEASE! I HAVE A HUGE STOMACH TO SATISFY!
4	usually the go-to place for me and my boyfriend. with the free entree coupon got from last visit, we share one 3 entree box for $7.22...pretty good deal at college level when you don't have much $$ haha
5	I love love love Panda's chicken teriyaki, the BEST chicken teriyaki iv ever had!!!! the chicken is so tender and juicy, and the sauce!! i perfer to have the sauce on side, so you can dip the chicken in. it goes very well with rice too. but i normally chose the chow mein as my side since i love their noodle, hehe. The staff who work here are super nice too. Last week i ordered the party trays (4 entrees, 4 sides, the biggest they got) since i don't have a car, they actually delivered to us! and the food was awesome!!!! everything is hot and fresh, and they brought us the serving spoons (nice touch!) Thank you so much Panda for your excellent food and service! I will definitely order from you again! (and again, and again, and again.... :))))
