5	A friend introduced me to this place a couple of weeks ago. Excellent atmosphere! It's an art gallery with a coffee shop embedded in it. The bakery is awesome, and I had a great soup and sandwich lunch, too. Super easy access to and from I-94 Eastbound. What really sets this place apart is the friendly staff - they really make you feel welcome and important, without being over the top perky. I'll be back - A LOT!
5	I'm here about once a week.  It's an old school house that's a coffee shop/art gallery.  It's a good place for me to work out of the office.  There's three levels so I can always find a good place to sit and work.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Bake goods are extra yummy.  They make them themselves.  Oh, and yes, the coffee is very good.  I've also enjoyed their tea a couple of times. So glad they are here.
5	Wonderful espresso, Eric has it perfected.  The ham sandwich was @ cucumber salad were very tasty.  This place is a hidden gem.
5	They do everything right.  The beefy leafy sandwich was most excellent.   Great coffee, great service while listening to live music.  My wife enjoyed her Cuban sandwich too.
5	Charming little place, run by staff who are all happy to be there. Different pastries daily and outstanding coffee. The lunch offerings - mostly sandwiches - are also well worth exploring. The objets d'art prominently displayed (and for sale) add to the charm. There's even live music on Friday and Saturday nights.
5	I would give this place 10  stars. Incredible coffee. Attention to detail and the best ingredients. They have imported coffee syrups from France. The sandwiches are better than what's available at nice restaurants. Their baked goods are phenomenal. Great macarons and scones.
5	Coffee, scones, atmosphere and service are all top notch. Multiple visits and never less than a great experience.
4	I'm disappointed in their new hours.  They now close at 3:30 pm every week day which is not convenient to me and when normally frequented the place.  I'm hoping they will reconsider and extend their hours until 4:30 or 5 PM.I'm dropping the rating from 5 stars to 4 only because of this.  The coffee and food is still fantastic.
5	Spectacular cappuccino, phenomenal baked goods and a such warm, inviting, and genuine atmosphere. A+
5	We love this coffee shop. The service is amazing. Gluten free items are not always available.
