4	I would argue that you can't find a better central location for most of your tourist activities than this.  Away from the crowds of Royal Mile, here is a good valued, quiet hotel that offers the right amount of amenities for those travelers that plan on being out and about more than at the hotel.  From this location, any direction you head out in and you're a nice walk from something: Leith, The Castle, Holyrood, Calton Hill, New Town, ( the train station) - thus far we haven't seen a hotel location we would rather of stayed at.I can't speak for all rooms, just ours, but "efficient" best describes the two-single bed, non-smoking room we got.  Enough room to dump all your bags without tripping over them, a modest desk to work at, and a shower (no tub).  The single window only opened a little and without any air conditioning, circulation and keeping things cool did require the in-room fan to be on 24/7.  The halls and stairwells were also stuffy and humid, but the central lobby and lounge were very comfortable.  Full bar in the lounge with good prices on drinks, although your front-desk staff is doing the double duty of bartending so you may have a slight wait.  Pay Wi-Fi available throughout the hotel.  Rooms included breakfast, which included about 60% of the Full English Breakfast components.  No actual hotel restaurant, no hotel car park.  I do not believe there is a fitness room.We have enjoyed the city, and we both left really liking the hotel - of which, next time we're in town, we'll be staying at again.
3	I have to say from the start, I never have super high hopes for Holiday Inn. This Express branch DOES have an excellent location for all the Edinburgh sights, with plenty of shopping, culture and restaurants nearby. Staff was friendly enough, and rooms were clean.On the other hand, we had a pretty smelly smoking room on the top floor, a strange shape too. It was fine for a short stay, not planning to spend time in it, but as a business or longer stay traveler I would ask for more. WiFi should NOT be paid at this level hotel, though it's free for Priority Club members. Breakfast was kind of a paddle up to the trough affair, and WAY crowded. This was March too! I shudder to think of summer.Bottom line: it's fine if they've got a good promo price, but not somewhere to seek out and insist upon.
1	Terrible customer service. Very unaccommodating staff. I wish I hadn't prepaid 3 nights, because I don't want to spend another minute here. Certainly will not be returning.
