4	Great service. Sydney chicken Milanese and baklava cheesecake were awesome. The chicken was cooked perfectly with an amazing favor. We never imagined how delicious baklava and cheesecake taste when combined. Our group also tried the linguini carbonara and braciole, both had excellent flavor.
5	Lawrenceville finally has a nice date restaurant! The space is roomy- no sitting on top of the next table here. The lighting was suitably dim, but not too dark to read a menu. Overall, very cozy atmosphere. The service was impeccable- we never felt hovered over, but our waters stayed full and every need was anticipated. As for the food, there was not a bad bite on a plate. The bread was delicious, served with a side of fresh ricotta and olive oil. For appetizers, we ordered the artichokes and calamari. The artichokes were so tender and creamy. The calamari, fresh and in a phenomenal sauce with capers and olives. For entrees, we had the mushroom gnocchi in truffle oil and artichoke rigatoni. Both were savory and large servings- we had plenty to take home.  I almost hope that no one reads this review- the service and food was so good that I want to keep it to myself.
5	My husband & I ate here for the first time last night. It was awesome!! The waitress was attentive & knowledgeable. The food came out quick & was delicious! We will def be going back. A quiet dinner date spot.
4	I stopped by here this past Tuesday night with my fiance and another couple for dinner.  After looking up the location on the internet I was surprised that I had never noticed this place before as it is located right on Butler Street and I had parked right across the street from it the week before.  However once I did notice it I realized that it was a pretty cute location.  The inside of the place was tastefully decorated but we all also thought that the temperature was a bit cold although that was probably due to the summer cold front that had just come through.  It was also a fairly small establishment and I would guess that it would probably max out at around 40 people or so.The week that we attended happened to be restaurant week and so a house salad and a dessert were included in the price of our entrees.  For my entree I decided to go with the rabbit gnocchi while my fiance went with the linguine pescatore.  The first thing out on our table happened to be bread and a dipping sauce.  The bread was a pretty good Italian bread and then the dipping sauce was EVOO and some herbs.  After that came our salads which seemed to be pretty standard except for the sunflower seeds on them.  While I couldn't see myself purchasing it as a stand alone item, I was happy to have it as part of my meal. The next items to come to our table were our entrees.  My gnocchi was a ricotta gnocchi with a rabbit ragu that was topped with some pickled cherries.  After placing it in front of me our server then asked if I would like some freshly grated pecorino romano on top of it which I did.  Overall I was pleased with my meal and thought the gnocchi had a nice and light texture while also having a good taste. The rabbit was also good and cooked nicely but my favorite addition was the pickled cherries which gave a the dish a nice little acidity.  Finally for dessert we were given the option of a number of different cakes: a shortcake, a limoncello cake, a chocolate cake and an oreo cake.  Since I am not able to eat chocolate, I ended up going with the Limoncello cake and was happy with my decision.  The cake had a really good flavor of Limoncello to it and was also moist.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  I love that this place is BYOB and I thought the food was good for the price as well.
4	After seeing their restaurant week special, I couldn't resist and made reservations for four. When we arrived, there were only a few other tables with customers. The rest of the small (40ish seats) restaurant was empty. Our server quickly opened our wine (BYOB) and asked if we had any questions about the menu. She explained that the restaurant week menu included a side salad and dessert. I went with the pork chop for my main entree while hubs opted for the rabbit gnocchi. Soon we were presented with a bread basket and EVOO dip. We gladly munched on it until our salads arrived. The house dressing was the best part of this course. Soon after, our entrees arrived. My pork chop was cooked perfectly, very moist and tender. However, the fruit it was topped with (what appeared to be figs and plums) seemed to be tossed on top in very large chunks albeit whole pieces. I would have enjoyed this much more had the fruit been chopped into smaller pieces. I also did not care for the accompaning peppers. I was able to sneak in a few bites of hub's gnocchi and was much more impressed with his dish. Next course was our option of dessert. Hubs and I split the oreo mouse cake and took home the strawberry shortcake. The oreo mouse cake was definitely my favorite part of the meal. Overall, I would definitely go back to SL in the future if the opportunity presented itself.
4	By far the best Italian in Lawrenceville!  Our service was fabulous, Ashley was attentive, truly knew and obviously enjoyed the menu. I ordered a linguini with shrimp, scallions and chives, it was very good, I did have to lightly salt it.  My husband ordered chicken casalinga, a nice sized portion and very good - I did salt his lightly also.  We will go back!
3	THIS PLACE IS BYOB.  I always want to specify that up front for my fellow winos. The menu is carefully curated, and relatively limited, so you may want to check it out before dining.  That said, my meals there have been hit or miss.  Hits include a caprese salad with cedar plank-roasted tomatoes and house-made burrata.  Misses include an amatriciana sauce with so many banana peppers in it that my eyes were watering before I even took a bite.  The wait and host staff are very friendly.  This is not the best Italian I've had in Pittsburgh but it's a great addition to Lawrenceville.
