5	One of the many things I love about Arizona compared to the Midwest is the clothing style.  I love the bright colors, thin fabrics, and fun prints.  Everything I love about the fashion is at Pitaya.  Compared to other shops on Mill Ave, this store is very clean and very bright.  It is one of those places that you instantly feel happy when you walk in the doors.  The clothes are very cute and affordable.  They have cute dresses, fun accessories, 'going out' clothes and lots of color.  The dressing rooms are roomy and the girls working at Pitaya were very friendly and attentive.  Once I had two tops in my hand, one of the cute girls asked to start a fitting room for me...thanks!I bought an adorable dress and you can too!  I will be back!
5	Oh was I desperate yesterday and Pitaya came to my rescue.I went to the Blackout Party last night, and yes, of course, I decide at the last minute to buy my dress.  After going to 2 malls, buying things I wasn't satisfied with at Nordstrom, I was about to give up.  I was getting my hair done at Mood Swings, and I had some time to kill, so I went next door to Pitaya.These clothes were so adorable, and I was scared that I wasn't able to fit into anything.  This adorable girl helped me pick out some black dresses and even waited for me to model the dresses.  We picked out this great black sun dress that I could totally bling up.  And the price!  $34!!!!  And they also had great accessories to boot.  I will be there again...especially if I have a blue or pink party to go to.  I love it how they have everything in the store organized by color.  Made finding things so much easier.LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
5	What a gem!  I came here while visiting Arizona from CA and the store did not disappoint!  There were tons of fun colors to choose from and the prices were incredibly reasonable.  I got some chic summery shawls for $12 each (while similar items in Barney's could go up to over $150), and regret not getting this cute bag that was only $36!  I will definitely go back if I visit again!
5	Pitaya is a relatively new store that I absolutely love! It is organized by color which makes it very pleasing to the eye as well as easy to locate certain items of clothes. The best part about the store is the customer service! I have never been helped so well--the girls there made sure I was never lugging around my clothing that I wanted to try on and gave genuine, honest opinions. Definitely is a place to check out if you are on Mill Ave.
4	I'd been meaning to check in Pitaya for awhile especially since everytime I'm on Mill, I see it and remind myself that I need to go there. Last night on my way home from work, I decided to stop and see what it was all about. My quick summary is that it's pretty much Mill's version of H&M only organized and neatly arranged. Everything is seperated by color which I actually like. The prices are very much on par with H&M and some of the clothes have that H&M quality feel to them. So basically don't be surprised when the $12 shirt you bought falls apart in the washing machine after a few washes. But really, when you walk away with a cute shirt for a fraction of what you would have paid at a department store, you have to be happy! The salesgirls are friendly and willing to help, but also give you space to just peruse the merchandise and make your choices.My only two negatives about Pitaya are: 1) They have a "no bags" policy for the dressing rooms which includes purses. I felt really funny giving the salesgirl my purse to hold while I tried on a shirt. But I guess they are on Mill and people might want to shoplift...and 2) They don't carry extra smalls!!! In anything!!! Seriously? No extra smalls? They are lucky the shirt I tried on works on me as a small, but I would have appreciated an extra small to give it a more snug fit.I feel like Pitaya is one of those hit or miss stores...sometimes you walk in and come out a winner (like I did last night) and sometimes you don't find anything. But since it's close, I know I'll be stopping in again to try my luck.
4	Realizing I had to head straight the Yelp Event at Finnegan's from work tonight I was in a dilemma. I didn't bring clothes and didn't want to show up in my monkey suit, so I yelped some spots and decided to check out Pitaya. Like the other reviewers I love that it is organized by color, it makes everything so much easier to find and helps you to pick out an outfit much faster. I wouldn't go quite as far as to compare it to H&M, I didn't see any $10 shirts or 10 year old sales clerks.. I did find a top for under $30 and although the material does seem flimsy it was cute enough to buy (at least I'll get don a  few outfits out of it). I wasn't looking for classy, long term wear - just cute and fun..The girls working there were extremely helpful without being pushy which is always nice. They also had a lot of cute accessories and good music playing while I was there (big plus).Considering all the clothing stores to shop on Mill this one wins my vote and I will certainly return.
5	I really love this place.  The clothes are sooo cute and the prices are great.  I got two sun dresses the other day for $30 dollars each. The sales staff is nice and helpful.  They gave me honest opinions on the clothes I tried on, which was nice.  I've been jonesin to go back.
4	This place really surprised me, from the outside it looks very boutique-y and overpriced... but when I went inside I found that every thing was very reasonably priced and I didn't see one thing I didn't like!  I ended up getting one of the cutest unique dresses I've ever seen and I'm really excited about it!  The employees were helpful and nice (always a plus) and I will definitely be back... I can't wait in fact!
3	cute oasis of a boutique on Mill - Pitaya is a fantastic wardrobe save - perfect for last-minute change of plans, easily can assemble a range of looks from Pitaya w/o hurting your wallet.  decent selection of accessoriessome eye-catching finds:pale aqua lace leggingsred sailor-esque sheath w/brass buttons, exposed zipper, pocketsbillowy skirt, full waist Lush ballerina frocks in magenta and indigo4-star overall easy to browse, great staff/vibe, reasonably priced3-star labels/quality - decent but not life-altering
4	I never left Pitaya without a bag in my hand. This place has some great accessories, tops, and dresses at a reasonable price.   The selections are mostly casual clothes and some stuff for a night out.  What I like about Pitaya is they have limited inventory of all their clothes, so unlike forever 21 or the Gap, it isn't likely that there will be 100 clones out there in the same outfit!  I've never made a special trip to go to Pitaya, but always make a point to stop if I'm on Mill Avenue.
3	I think I was a little hasty with my first review as I have fallen out of love with Pitaya. Don't get me wrong, I still like the place. I always hit it up when shopping on Mill but sometimes I find some of the pieces I've bought aren't great quality. Like I said, I don't hate it, it's fine, I just don't love it.
2	This place has a cute selection and is pretty affordable compared to the other meager shopping options currently on Mill, but if I'm in the mood to shop Pitaya wouldn't be one of my first choices. Maybe it was because I visited during the middle of a weekday, but I got the vibe that the salesgirl wished I would leave, because she was talking to a friend when I came in and I guess that my presence made her feel the need to talk in whispers. And when she did help me, she seemed annoyed about it.I did end up buying a couple of things from there, only to find the SAME EXACT SKIRT for maybe $8 cheaper at LoveCulture in Scottsdale Mall. I kid you not. If I can get the same clothes for cheaper elsewhere, then I don't think I'll be going back.
3	Cute selection of clothes, somewhat reminiscent of clothes you would find at Forever 21.  However, they don't get a lot of sizes in stock very often (especially S or XS), as a result, I saw a few things I liked, but they were all out of my size.  Staff is friendly and helpful, but since I was very limited in what clothes I could actually try on, I'll give it a 3.
5	My favorite boutique on Mill Ave.  The prices are very reasonable wtih a huge sale section.  I can always find something that I love and can't live without.  The store is clean and easy to navigate.  Very friendly and helpful staff as well!
2	Their clothes are okay. Some of the stuff is tacky, but some is pretty cute. The problem is the quality of the merchandise. I had browsed here a few times, but it wasn't until my most recent visit that I tried stuff on. Everything felt like burlap, and made me feel like I was having an allergic reaction. Although the prices are cheap-ish, they are still too high for the quality of the clothes. I can't imagine wearing such uncomfortable stuff!
1	Clothes were okay. I hate clothing stores like forever 21 who have poor quality clothes thrown everywhere. Pitaya was at least organized. If it weren't for the employees i may go back. They were very unhelpful, rude, and there look didn't help the store. Too bad because i went two stores down to Diva's. Somewhat similar cloth (id prefer diva's) and the sales girls were great. Probably should have noticed the amount of people in Pitaya (0) vs the other stored in the area.
1	I was in AZ visiting a friend and she was showing me around a cool area called The Mill. It was such a great area with cool shops, restaurants, quaint area.. I loved it! I unfortunately walked into this store. This little boutique looked cute from the outside but once you were inside it was pretty commercial and didn't have any charm. Selection was average to sub- par, as we're the sales associates. They were the worst. I was not welcome at all, I felt like I was being asked to leave without them even saying anything. My friend and I were the only ones in the store and still when I asked to try one thing on she told me I needed to leave my small purse with my friend. I am an upstanding citizen and I DO NOT expect to be treated like a thief. If you cannot handle one customer, with one item in the fitting room than you are not fit to work in retail. I am never going back to be treated like dirt in a mediocre boutique. Signed, A Ralph Lauren Women's Department Manager
4	Cute clothes!  My friend and I stumbled upon this place while walking down Mill Ave this weekend. They had a holiday sale going on. 50% off already marked down dresses, tops & bottoms! Yay!It's a cute little boutique, lots of cute clothes, shoes, & accessories. The staff was super friendly. And the place was nicely kept and organized. Enough dressing rooms so you didn't have to wait  long either.I left the store with 3 dresses... less that $40! Woohoo! Love sales!  I'll definitely stop by every time I'm back on town!
