4	Colonel Beatty is a humongous park in Matthews that has plenty of soccer fields, baseball fields, trails, and a huge lake as well.  I can kill hours here sitting alongside the lake with a book catching some sun rays.  I used to like to take my nephews and nieces here to play on the playground, but they have grown a little to old for that now.  The trails are pretty peaceful and they aren't really treacherous or anything.  It really good wholesome fun for the whole family.
4	Now this is what a suburban park ought to be!  Loaded with tennis courts, soccer fields, baseball fields, pleasant walking paths, picnic tables with adjacent grilles, and even paddle boats in the warm weather.  Stop by!
4	The park is probably better known for its 6.5 miles of single track mountain biking trails.  It has a little something for all skill levels, but it's very rooty.
3	Col Francis Beatty Park is another highlight in the Parks & Rec system that Charlotte has to offer.  It's a rather large park with lots of trails for bikes, 6 tennis courts, 2 basketball courts, soccer fields, indoor and outdoor picnic shelter spots, there is even a conference center to rent out for functions.The park is located on the outskirts of the southern part of town, but well worth the drive.  A great place to relax on the weekend or during the week.
4	I love this park especially for trail running and mountain biking. You can make the distances longer or shorter based on the signs they have posted around the trail. For instance if you want to stay on the beginners path I believe its about 3.5 miles or so but if you add in the advanced loops its about 6.5 miles total which makes for quite a nice trail run. Just be sure to run in the opposite direction the mountain bikers go and for goodness sake if you wear earphones only put it in one ear so you can hear what is going on around you. Now as for mountain biking I think its a great trail for beginners because there is not much elevation change and no crazy downhills or uphills involved. Yes the single track is tight and rooty in many sections but it is a great option if you are just learning to ride.
4	The park is much bigger than I thought. Plenty grill for people to use. The lake view is so pretty on a nice day. The hiking trail is very long but doesn't have good signs..... Easy to get lost.
4	Hiking, biking, tennis, basketball, people gazing, and grilling out is all you could possibly need in a park.  I recently discovered Colonel Beatty Park despite living in Matthews for several years and I'm sorry I didn't find this place sooner.  Unlike other parks that seem to get crowded despite acres and acres of space, I found this park to be a pleasant destination for a Sunday afternoon.  I have a mountain bike (it would be a stretch to say that I 'mountain bike' however) and I found the trails rewarding but challenging. These are trails for serious mountain bikers-tree roots that stick up about 6 inches from the ground, hairpin turns, narrow bridges, and people who don't understand the one-way signs for pedestrians and bikers respectively.  Other than that, the bike trail weaves through a 16 acre lake that is absolutely stunning and is mostly covered by a green canopy.  Even if mountain biking isn't your schtick, there's always gravel trails around the lake.  Unlike parks located near the center of Charlotte, you can stake your own spot around the lake and have a large swath of land for socializing, romanticizing, or other G-rated activities.  Enjoy!
4	This is a great park for walking, hiking, biking, kite flying, tennis, paddle boating and etc. There are also fields for soccer and other team sports.  I have even heard that you can rent  space for events such as weddings or other parties!  It is probably my favorite park in the Charlotte area because there is something for everyone here.
5	Beautiful and very large park!!!  We went with a group of friends and grilled out at a picnic spot overlooking the small lake.  They have green and blue level hiking and mountain biking trails, soccer fields, playgrounds, and fishing!  AND their restroom facilities are amazingly nice!!!  I will definitely be visiting again, but this time with my mountain bike!
5	I've been here five years and have 2 pups and i've never even heard of this park what?  I was really excited that a friend of mine asked me to go hiking last weekend like I just mentioned I didn't even know this park existed.  I assume by all the bikers this park is well known for it's mountain biking trails but for a beautiful Sat. afternoon the park was fairly empty and my dogs had a great time hiking all the trails and swimming in the lake ("large pond") not sure what they refer it too.  I can't wait to go back this will be my new hangout on the weekends.
5	My favorite running and biking park. Lots of trail options allow you to vary the runs. I ran yesterday over lunch and didn't run into a single person. That doesn't happen often. Weekend mornings are the busiest.This is a loop course and you should be able to get in anywhere from 3-6 miles depending upon your route. If you're running/walking make sure to go in the opposite direction of the bikers and give them the right-of-way. Also, please, please, please keep your dog on a leash and pick up their poop. As a dog owner, it ticks me off to see people willfully ignoring basic rules of courtesy.
4	This is a great local park. The mountain bike trails are well maintained and fun for beginner to intermediate riders. The trails also make for a nice hike, as long as you're going the opposite way of the bikers! The tennis and basketball courts are in good condition and often packed. There are also plenty of soccer fields, a big playground for the kids and a fishing pond. All in all, a nice way to spend a summer day.
5	This place could be really awesome, but Unfortunately there are a lot of stupid birds, a few really dumb deer and one or two of those shitty squirrels really just ruining this place. Without the animals totally destroying my experience, this place is super cool.I saw one or two amazing empty water bottles along the trail, some beautiful food wrappers stuck in some bushes too. Thank the Gods that there are people who are considerate enough to leave their garbage in the woods, or it would be a total waste of time to go here.The trails are great, if you don't mind having to deal with some really annoying fallen trees, mushrooms, rocks and having to walk or ride your bike really far, surrounded by stupid nature stuff.
