4	Thus far, I've had nothing but good service from these guys.  They've gotten me in for oil changes on a moments notice (a far cry from even being able to schedule pre-paid oil changes at Fletcher's) and not only corrected a bad alignment from Fletcher's, but also adjusted to a proper manual setting for better tire wear (at my request).  They've been good every time I've dealt with them and have had no issues with me watching over their shoulders sometimes as they do their work.
1	My wife had a flat tire when she was in an appointment in Laveen. A coworker put on the donut spare and I looked up. Firestone on the website so she could get it replaced instead of driving all the way to Chandler. She arrived at this store at 5:56 pm. Their website says they are open until 7 pm, but the workers insist they are only open until 6 pm. They then told my wife they didn't have time to help her before closing and locking the door at 6:58 pm. We will only go to our regular location here in Chandler from now on.
3	Felt a bit ripped off and spent 4 hrs waiting for the work to be done. Saw at least 7 people come and go after I got there.
4	Prices weren't nearly as high as I thought they'd be. Service was slow, but everyone was super nice.
1	I took my truck to this place few months ago for the first time to get an oil change and to get my a/c fix, prices are very high but at the time I needed my a/c fix, after dropping almost 800 I was happy with the work even that the price was little to high, after few days later my a/c start making a noise but was still working so I didn't think it was a big deal so I let it slide, now that it's  been cold and I try to use my heater I just find out it doesn't work, so today I took my truck to get an oil change and I told the a guy name john about the issue with my heater and that I never had a issue until they took my truck apart few months ago to work on the a/c, I was not looking for a handout I was looking more for a let me check it out and see what's going on, but instead I got , it's no way it was us we didn't touch your heater we just work on your a/c, and I cant keep discussing this with you because I have to answer the phones, I guess I was not that important because I wasn't drooping the same amount of cash that I did last time and it was just an oil change, I guess now I'm not a value customer for sure won't come back or refer anyone here.
