1	We hired Gary Ceci to list my father's home after his passing. It was a difficult time for us and my brother had remembered him from transactions when he was a realtor himself. He gave my brother an excelent marketing presentation which got him the listing. I took over from there as the one with the power to sign things. He had told my brother he would do the following, among regular things:Help get the furniture removed and consigned.  FAILEDGet bids for the painting -LATEGet bids for the carpet LATEGet the HOA documents FAILEDMy brother specificly asked him this important question about this two bedroom house: "Should we add the third bedroom in order to make it more marketable and get better offers?" He said no, it was going to be a bidding war even with it being a two bedroom home.I called and spoke to him about the listing. I asked how we get the work done in time for him to get it on the MLS without being in violation of any of the MLS rules. He said there was leeway. He wasn't goinhg to get the bids set up on our behalf without knowing we would sign with him. That was reasonable. But the first oreder of business was to get the bids and work done so we could hit the market. I signed the listing and then things got pretty quiet from him. I think it was approaching the two week mark and no bids. We had been working to get items out of the house and never saw him even when he said he was going to stop by. My brother was in the house boxing some books when he came in with a contractor. But that was not a person to bid the jobs we needd done, it was a contractor to ADD BID ADDING THE THIRD ROOM FOR HIS BUYER!!!!! Yes, he was our realtor, showing the house when we explicitly did not want it shown, to his own buyer, who looked as though he was going to add that third room and flip it! This is absolutley a violation of his duty to us to represent our best interests. Sure enough, he brings an offer (low) and it had yet to see the MLS. Clearly this guy was considering this a pocket listing that he would make out on both sides of and in our sale and a flip. I had told him we would not entertain any offers until it was on the open market. We rejected the offer and he completely stopped doing anything for us. It would take several emails to get a response from him. We finally got the contractors in and the work done and nearly a month after the listing was signed, he put it on the market. There was a little bidding war and we had three offers to choose from. He imediatley said take the high one. No other discussions about anything to do with marketing or what each offers strong points were. But clearly, the high offer was not the best offer. The other two were a little lower but the buyers had more money up front and waived reliance on an apraisal. The high one was scrawled out by an agent who seemed to not understand that a contract needs a time to reposn, only one price on it and accurate details. It was a mess and any buyer could use that as an excuse to walk. But ut was more money to him if it closed so that is the one he pushed. We took the actual strong one which also closed quickly. that had become a big concern since he had delayed by not getting bids and only showing his invester his POCKET LISTNIG to the point where now interest rates were beginning to go up and the little bid war bubble was at risk of ending soon. Once we entered escrow, he was to get the HOA docs, (which he had told us he was getting so we thought that was under way), and he was to get us the report of the inspection. But he never did anything with any snse of urgency. We were fearful that if the buyer lost her loan lock, this deal would fall, yet he didn't bother to proactively try to get the report from the buyer quickly. Didn't get it to me until tuesday night after the Saturday it had been conducted. This meant that all weekend days off were gone and my brothers days off were over. How were we to get workers in there? Plus, he was supposed to get the painter back in to touch up and replace the disconnected dryer hose. He later told me all was done and it wasn't. he said the paint co. owner told him he was. My question was why hadn't he gone to the hosue himself to ensure these things are etting done? What was he getting $5,000.00 dollars for? He put a sign up, delayed the things we wanted in order to try to push his own agenda, then abandoned actually marketing the house....never was on his web page, no adds of any kind. At this point I called the Title. They actually did the rest of his work. never did get us consignment...he gave us a list of three numbers I could have looked up myself. Never helped get things moved out. He marketed himself  specializing in these sorts of estate type sales. He lied about what he would do.
5	Professional and caring. Gary was always available to answer our questions and took extra time to explain in detail what was happening to our family. He managed the cleaning and repairs required to complete the transaction in a timely and professional manner. Even after the sale he continued to assist us, I highly recommend Gary and his company and will be using him again in the future.  Thanks again Gary for a job well done.
5	I highly recommend Ceci Realty. They are very kind, professional and understanding. They are very quick to respond. I live outside of the state and as I traveled looking for a home in Henderson, they were very flexible and always able to accommodate my schedule every time. They made me feel very comfortable while looking for a home. They were very thorough and provided with me with great information and insight. It was a pleasurable experience being able to work with them! I would definitely work with them again whenever I decide to move onto another home!
