4	This is a good pub located in the heart of Polwarth and is one of the few pubs in the area making it very popular with the locals in the area. The pub's decor is very much in the traditional British pub theme and the atmosphere is great and really friendly. The Golden Rule attracts a very mixed crowd from students to bus drivers who have just finished their shift to couples have a drink before heading to the nearby cinema.The pub is relatively small and takes up two levels- the higher level is where the bar is and is quite quiet and an ideal area to enjoy a read of the newspaper or a book over a drink. Downstairs however is a bit livelier and there is a pool table and juke box available.The pub has a great range of beers and largers and even offers one of my favourites- Fruli, which is a delicious strawberry flavoured beer! They also sell a good selection of pub snacks too. Although the pub is quite well hidden down the back streets, this is definitely a place to bear in mind the next time you are looking for a night out.
3	This pub offers a good selection of true Scottish ales on tap which in my books at least is the first sign of a good pub. My most recent visit, aside from tonight, was over 18 months ago, so I reserve the right to retract my statements after my next visit. The pub is divided into two sections: despite plenty of young patrons the upper bar struggles to shake its "old-manish-pub" ambience, however this somehow manages to be an endearing quality; the lower bar is more intimate and you are likely to find a bunch of mid-twenty somethings huddled round the tables engrossed in conversation. The beer on tap ranges from Brew Dog Thirsty Blonde to Kelbun Goldihops, your trusty Deuchers IPA and much more. The bar stuff are chatty but not intrusive and a couple of pints won't set you back much more than a fiver. I couldn't possibly comment on the food... so I'll leave that one up to you.
5	The Golden Rule is more of an occasional haunt rather than a regular watering hole but that is not down to the quality (more my somewhat quiet social life of late). I have been visiting this pub for more than 10 years now and I always leave thinking I must come here more often. I am really rather picky about my beer but The Golden Rule generally doesn't disappoint. I've just come away after 2 superb pints of Ossian (served with a smile). I really must go back more regularly.
4	The Golden Rule is located close to the Fountain Park complex and is one of the best pubs in the area. Certainly it stocks a diverse range of beverages, with something for almost everyone; Staropramen and a guest lager (along with more standard lager fair), Hoegaarden, real ales, cider on tap that isn't Strongbow and a decent selection of spirits, what's not to like?This is a comfortable pub to sit in and read the paper or have a few drinks with friends and ideal for a pre or post cinema drink.One thing, as it is a good pub in a residential area on a match day it is likely to get busy, to the point it feels crowded. Overall though good drink well served, my sort of pub.
4	My new local pub being all of 250 yds from my front door. Good beers, malts and a cracker of a pub quiz all add to a place I plan to frequent for a long time. To be avoided on a Hearts matchday but otherwise ideal.They dont do food but have a fair selection of bar snacks :) hmmm scampi fries!!!
4	Sometimes I just want to go to a pub. Not a fancy pub, but just with good beers, decent prices, local, pub. Golden Rule is that pub in my area. The staff are friendly, the clientele are mixed, it is always warm and I like the atmosphere! The last few times I've been here I've also seen the CUTEST dogs. So... I tend to "go to the bathroom" often just so I can pass by the dogs and play with them.... at this pub. They always have guest ales and lagers, and stock all the bottles that one needs such as Innis and Gunn and Crabbies. However if you're looking for food, look elsewhere. They only have nuts and crisps at this joint!So, if you want a pint in a pubosphere, and you live in the Polwarth/Bruntsfield area, and you have a canine friend, bring it over. I'd like to hang out with your dog (Imissmineok?)
4	Another proper pub in these days of cocktail bars and Edison light bulbs. Lots of really nice real ales, interesting lagers and a good cider or two. The Spirit selection isn't bad either. There are two areas to the establishment - downstairs and upstairs both have a similar feel and the bar's are connected. Service is always quick and personable. The guys in here really know their ales, so don't be afraid to ask them about the selection they offer. Another ideal place to read a paper or meet some friends for a few drinks. They have a few screens showing the latest sports of the moment, but these don't really over power the bar as a whole. This is definitely an old man's type pub, but that is my sort of place for meet pals and setting the world to rights of an evening. Thumbs up here.
5	The Golden Rule is my ideal pub for chilling out and watching the football in peace. Even when the pub is busy, it is never to rowdy. Great selection of beers (I'd recommend the St Mungos in a chilled tankard). There's also the nice touch of board games and puzzles to help kill some time! Live Music/Open Mic Nights are put on quite often as well. The staff are always polite and friendly, as well as being dog friendly which a lot of people love!
