2	I tried this place out rather randomly after noticing its existence near Schnucks. The restaurant is a very typical eat-in/take-out joint, with a nice lady coordinating the kitchen and taking the orders. As always, my order was the classic American-Chinese takeout standby of General Tso's Chicken. The food was ready in the promised 10 minutes, and I was happy to see that its container was practically bursting with chicken, broccoli, and fried rice. A good start!Once home, I eagerly unloaded a mix of victuals onto a plate and began to chow down. Unfortunately, the experience from here on was a bit of a disappointment. The meat was not at all spicy (despite the cute little chili pepper next to its name on the menu), and the flavor was more bitter than I'm used to. Maybe that's what they're shooting for, but the peculiar bitter/salty aftertaste didn't jibe too well with my taste buds.Granted, my opinion here is based entirely on one experience with one style of food. That being said, I've definitely had better. I'll see how the leftovers are after a night of sitting in the fridge, but the next time I have a craving for the good general's fried nuggets of fowl, I'll probably be looking elsewhere.
5	This place is great.  Great service and food is made fresh.  Other places have food sitting in warming pots for hours.This place is so fun and super cute!
5	Fine dining?  No.  Good, hearty Americanized Chinese food?  Yes!  I've always had excellent food and service at China Garden.  The location next to Schnuck's is super convenient, easy to stop by on the way home or for a quick run on weekends.  I almost always get mine to go, which must be the case for most of their business.  Food is cooked to order and is super fast (about 10 min).  Portions are large; I get two meals from a single order.  Unlike many Chinese restaurants, the flavor of the food isn't overwhelmed by generic seasoning or MSG.  The egg drop soup (the large is a quart!!) has nursed me through many colds and it's ridiculously cheap.  I appreciate their vegetarian options and they've always accommodated special requests.  Their vegetarian spring rolls are gigantic.  It's Chinese fast food, but it's fresh, tasty, and a bargain.
3	Why do all fast Chinese joints have the same exact menu?  Seriously.  It's the placemat sized paper one.  Red and black, meal specials and the same food.  You know what I'm talkin' bout, right?  Everywhere across the nation!My Tso's Chicken here was sub-par.  Especially biting the nugget in half, and realizing there was a microscopic shred, literally a shred, of actual chicken surrounded by two inches of chicken flavored dough.  Yikes.That being said, all the vegetarian meals ordered were pretty tasty.  Special request Tso's Tofu looked rockin' and tasted better.The Ma Po Tofu was a bit on the slimy side, and our party noticed some flavor balance issues in certain dishes.It's very basic american-ized Chinese food, fairly cheap and large portions, hella quick.
4	Seems like they have all the food that every other Chinese restaurants has. But this place must really care more. I have ate at others and so far none have been able to match the quality of the food. Be ready for a HOT meal. I have never had a cold one at this restaurant. It must be family owned as I always see the husband, wife, two daughters and the same cook in there..
4	Affordable, above average Chinese takeout fair can be found here.There isn't anything really unique on the menu, but they do have really good Angel Hair and Lo Mein dishes.I've never been disappointed with their food, and the prices are right on par if not slightly better than some of the other Chinese places in town.
4	A decent storefront Chinese place.  Portion sizes can be large, so we almost always end up with too much food!
3	I'm not a big fan of Chinese food but my vote was unheard among the family.  The food over all was very unflavorful.  The egg drop soup had near zero taste, the egg foo young was oily and the sweet and sour pork was plain (no veggies, fruit, etc).  I did like the BBQ pork was good.  My fam thought it was too chewy but I liked it the best.
2	This place has reasonable prices, generous portions, fast service, and is very conveniently located (for me!).  That said, convenience isn't quite enough to make me want to come back here.I ordered the Ma Po Tofu and some vegetable lo mein.  Granted, I have never had Ma Po Tofu.  I'm not really sure what it's "supposed" to taste like.  But what I got from China Garden was SALTY.  So very salty, to the point where I could barely taste any other flavor.  BLEH.  Also, there was a piece of shrimp shell in my Ma Po Tofu....weird.The vegetable lo mein was pretty good, but honestly that's kind of hard to completely mess up.My boyfriend had the boneless spare ribs combo.  His eggroll was downright gross.  The insides were a uniform gray.  He asked me to take a bite of it to confirm how weird it was.  I sunk my teeth in and didn't even go any further...the texture and flavor was so disgusting.I'm disappointed by this place, especially since our food SMELLED so good (well, except for that eggroll...)
4	This place has everything you could want from a Chinese take-out. Cheap, delicious, and fast.The combination plates are excellent for the price, getting you a choice from a dozen or so entrees, fried rice, and an egg roll for about $8. It's so much food that I normally get two meals out of it, which is a hell of a deal. Try it!
5	China Garden does simple standards well and for a great price...my favorites are Hunan chicken and anything from "special diet menu"
1	Similar to other reviews, I came for cheap and fast Chinese. Be careful - when they say "steamed" they mean "not seasoned". Unfortunately the food is flat and rather boring.  There is an insane amount of variety on the menu to be overwhelming - this is typical of smaller Chinese places in my experience, but still disappointing.  Why not feature several things you do well, instead of an innumerable amount of things you do dreadfully?Had mixed steamed vegetables with a brown sauce over white rice.  Everything was absolutely scary - I had chicken, but it was absolutely unidentifiable as chicken.  Scary.
2	I didnt like the szechuan beef it had baby corn in it which is nasty also had a lot of veggies which i didnt like mushroom and cucumber. The sauce tasted too watery and i felt the beef was cheaper than panda and much more pricey it was 4.80 for a small lunch special which is basically just a small entree and rice.
