3	This outpost of the NDG original is definitely an A-Ok option in the neighborhood. Kind of white and chic for St Viateur, but the burger is $6 and the sweet potato fries are heaping and delicious. The pickles need some serous work - c'mon. A tiny mangled gherkin just hurts my heart. Don't even say there will be a pickle if that's what you mean by pickle. I don't think that word means what you think it means. Le sigh. Aside from that, friendly service, attentive with the water and napkins, not bad at all.
4	Great brunch on the weekend. Arrive early to avoid the line-ups2 eggs, bacon, ham & salami with two slices of french toast along with potatoes, toast and fruit for 11 bucks....you can't beat that
5	Excellent breakfast spot. You can get French toast made with challah bread. The waffles are excellent too. Friendly staff and great prices. Plus you don't have many hipsters going in the resto like L'Avenue which I find is overpriced, slow and has bad tasting food.
4	Come here often for breakfast/lunch. It's very popular in the mornings and the wait can be long as turnover is a little slow. Probably because its popular with young families with kids. The food is pretty good with good specials. I always leave full and satisfied. The staff is friendly but they do get overwhelmed and orders back up so during peak, expect delays.
5	Wifi zone, coffee is cheap, only 1.25 dollar you can grab a fresh brewed coffee . The decor ian white and clean, simple and concise. A good place to take a rest
3	To start, The breakfast portions are substantial and the price is reasonable.  The reason I gave 3 stars is because they have all tv's on at all times.  I go with my kids and the place is kid friendly, but there are at least 2 huge tvs going that my kids just zone out and I have to fight to get their attention.   My big issue is they charge 2 dollars for a tiny dollop of maple syrup.  Though the portions are awesome,  they use the cheap syrup for the breakfast menu..How am i supposed to enjoy my pancakes or french toast with cheap crap.    Come-on B&M,  we live in the maple syrup capital of the world and the syrup you offer is garbage from IGA.  Coffee is good, service is good, the layout is good, but  the atmosphere is quite nice.   The mile end is renowned for flavourful food, high quality ingredients,  and funky hangouts.  Going cheap on maple syrup during breakfast time makes my pancakes suck and the cheapo stuff makes them soggy.  Though I never go in because of the tvs,  the place is quite nice.  Turn off the tv's at least between 7 and noon, and upgrade your syrupN.BI have only gone in the morning and I have only ordered from the breakfast menu so I know nothing about the lunch menu.
5	Excellent at the price point, great service, comfortable and fast. Free WiFi. Go B&M!
3	The food was great, but I was disappointed with the service - we had some mix ups with our orders and on our bill and our waiter was really unfriendly. The place is always crowded during brunch time, but we were seated really fast. Apart from that, the food was really good - had the American pancakes, definitely a recommodation!The place would be my go-to-brunch-place if the service would be better.
5	A memorable breakfast experience.  My frittata, featuring guacamole and bacon, was splendid, and my wife's omelet was delicious. The home fries were fantastic, the best I've had in a while.  The service was warm and responsive.
1	They are not nice. I asked that half of my sub be wrapped to take home.  The server then informed me that they threw it in the garbage by mistake.  Did they try to compensate us in any way by maybe not charging us for the pie dessert? No.  Not even an apology.
