4	I had lunch here with my parents and had a wonderful dining experience. Something I've come to expect from Ben Thanh's in Waterloo, not Mississauga. Being a newer location than the Waterloo restaurant the atmosphere in here was very nice. Its a bit dark, but it's quiet and there is lots of seating. Unlike the Waterloo location there was no lineup when we arrived and we were seated right away. Their menu items were the same as the Waterloo locations, which I was pleased to see. I ordered my usual Thai dish, a vermicelli bowl with a spring roll. I also enjoyed a mango shake with my meal. I've become accustomed to getting my mango shake after my meal arrives (because they make the meals so quickly) but this time I was presently surprised to receive my shake before my meal. I was very impressed with the entire experience here. All our meals came together and each were up to par with what I have come to expect from Ben Thanh's. With it's proximity to the movie theatre this restaurant would be a good choice if you were looking for a good meal before seeing a show. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Kitchener or Waterloo.
4	I love Ben Than! The food is amazing. The prices are reasonable. The decor (in the Kitchener location) is gorgeous, and the vegetarian options are endless!BUT the service is terrible. Despite that, I do eat here quite frequently, because i love the food and the locations close to my house. There is often a long wait for food, and if the resturant is busy, there is no doubt you will wait. I've waited up to 30 minutes on a fast day. Sometimes, they can be fast. I have never seen my parties food all come at once. I often order a soup with noodles on the side, and i will always receive one way before another. I've had my appetizer come at the end of my meal and my partners meal come 10 minutes after mine. I've been to both the Cambridge and Waterloo locations and the service is impeccable. So if this location isn't convenient for you i would go to another location. Its sad, because bad service can always take away from the amazing taste of the Viet-Thai cuisine. Again, i must state the food is amazing. It's what keeps me coming back. The spring rolls are to die for, and its great if you have a vegetarian in the family or vice-versa. The food is always hot, and always tastes great. The price is about 25$ for a meal with appetizer for two people without tip. The Kitchener location's decor is very demure and high class. The alcohol is expensive, around 7$ for a mixed drink.I urge you to try this resturant, just not this location. Luckily its a chain!
5	Amazing place. Fantastic food. Great modern decor. Friendly service.We got a great sampling of the menu. We sorted with the calamari with a creamy wasabi dipping sauce, which was great. Next, we had beef fresh rolls, which were tasty and refreshing. For a main, we shared a mango salad, which was so very satisfying.On the drink side, they have a great variety of Asian beers, which we got, along with a mango shake. All were great.Prices were very reasonable. For everything, it worked out to $40ish. I really like this place. If I'm in the area, I'll definitely be coming back here! Check this place out!
3	This place is definitely a hit or miss when it comes to food and service. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere pleasant.
3	My first experience here was very much a 1-star. If I could have given it negative stars, I would have. Sticky drink glasses, the stuff in our curry looked old, the meat had a bad texture, the soup tasted like soap, and the shrimp smelled rotten. We had to send a dish back. We wanted to send them ALL back, but we paid anyways.But then we went again. We got smoothies, stir fries, and some of the crunchy fried stuff, no meat and no soup. Oh SO much better!!! I wanted to order dozens and dozens of wontons. Mmmmm... This place is excellent, but there is too much menu choice (I can't help but think of kitchen nightmares lol, too much menu choice = disgusting food... this was the case here!!). I think they should cut their menu down and remove some unpopular dishes. Their menu feels like a novel, and half of the stuff doesn't even taste fresh.
4	Service:Very good service. It is rare to walk in and get an unpleasant waitress. Going at night, there is usually a line: which is good! Food doesn't take too long to come out the kitchen, and waitresses are always smiling.Food:Could say they're the best in KW for pho. Always good quality pho. Up to par with downtown Toronto. A large bowl of pho will you run ~$11Decor: Modern decor, everything in the restaurant is clean. Not much else you can say.Edit: I wrote this a few months ago and things have changed since then. It appears that they are always over staffed. Often times you'll see random waitresses standing around doing nothing. The service you get is on and off.. sometimes you'll get a nice waiter who is polite, but if you're unlucky you'll get stuck with a waiter who doesnt care at all and is untrained.
4	Friends of my wife came to visit from out of town, and they were staying at the nearby Radisson hotel.  When they wanted to go our for Vietnamese food, we knew exactly where to take them: Ben Thanh.The Fairway Road Ben Thanh is the latest incarnation of the Ben Thanh restaurant in Kitchener.  They used to be located in the downtown Kitchener area at Cedar and King Streets, but the land and restaurant was expropriated to make way for the new Kitchener Market, and Ben Thanh disappeared for a time from Kitchener.  But Ben Thanh is back now and is here with a somewhat more upscale concept of Pho establishment, and with a very complete menu that covers not just Pho and Vietnamese dishes, but also borrows from the cuisines of Thailand, Singapore, and various regions of China as well.Our meal started with the Fresh Rice Paper Shrimp Rolls (504), which were delicious and came quickly.  Three of us ordered a selection of the Vietnamese Vermicelli Bowls (300, 303 and 304.... My preference is for the 303, which includes Grilled Pork Meat Balls, BBQ Pork and a Spring Roll) and one of us ordered the Cantonese Chow Mein.  All the dishes were fantastic, and the portions were quite large, especially the Cantonese Chow Mein!  Service was attentive and efficient, which is a big plus, but the entrees took a lot longer to arrive than we expected.If you're in the area and looking for a nice place to eat that won't break the bank, you owe it to yourself to give Ben Thanh a try!
4	I went there with a friend who enjoys Pho.   The food is very good here.  At times, the wait staff did not hear us say no onions in the Pho or no peanuts in the 501.   The  Vietnamese Deep Fried Spring Rolls (501) and Thai Green Curry Shrimp On Rice (215) are my regular meal.   I do wish they would leave a jug of water on the table.  Sometimes things are hot!
1	Service sucks.  So slow.  Waitress didn't come by once.  Took ten minutes just to come by. I could see her messing up other people's orders.  I won't ever come back
3	The food here is always fantastic.     I highly recommend any of their bubble teas or fruit drinks. Presentation is fantastic and they taste great.      The staff here are very friendly, and willing to explain the menus and choices in detail. However, it is a little slow. But the atmosphere is great to relax, sip your drinks and take your time. The interior is very nice as well. It's a old fav to come here. Tom yum soup is the best !!
2	Service was ok. My wife and I had the dim sum quite disappointing!  The Gyoza did not taste fresh.  Prices were average. Would not recommend!
4	Classic Thai & Vietnamese cuisine. Very extensive menu with lots of choice. It was my goal at one time to try every single menu item, but i never reached it. Food was always good. Spring rolls were awesome, and the grilled meatballs excellent. The banana smoothie was also good.  I go back to this place once in a while when im in kitchener. It never disappoints.
