4	***UPDATE***After my experience was brought to the attention of Happy Dental, I must say they worked hard to make changes. I did leave and go to another office but it was financially easier to stay.. I had went back to them and I have to say the improvement was amazing.  Everyone was very friendly including the staff, and not just towards me but to all of their customers.  I do appreciate their ability to improve and it hasnt gone unnoticed!  Now I have no problems reffering anyone to this office! So done with this place! I have been coming here for about 9 months- I had a routine check up and then some fills before I got braces. Everything was just "okay" until my wait times started getting longer and the front desk staff started getting more rude. Im all about time management- so if I have an appointment at 430pm I dont appreciate when at 5pm im asking  how much longer and im being told I have 2 people ahead of me! Unacceptable!  And everytime I go in the girls are bullshi**ing and laughing and having full blown personal conversations on the office phone about their baby daddy drama and how so and so is in jail!I hope I can switch desntists in the middle of having my braces on
5	I have been going to Happy Dental for a few months now having major dental work done. This office was actually referred to me by a few people.  What I really like and appreciate is the friendly staff. When you walk in for an appointment they remember who you are. They make you feel good and relaxed. My dentist, Kelvin Simmons is awesome, very caring. The staff also takes the time with each patient , your not just a number being rushed out the door so they can get to the next one. I would highly recommend this office for all your dental needs.
5	Great experience the staff is so sweet and welcoming I had to have laser cleaning and both times they were interested in making my teeth healthy and were very gentle in the process. I even brought my mom in and she made an appointment...best experience I've had at the dentist by far
