5	Very good taste for food. Nice environment, good place for dating. Love here so much. Ordered yellow curry, one of the most dilicious Thai food for me.
5	Friendly service, classy atmosphere, great food.  I look forward to going back!
5	I know what you are thinking. Does squirrel hill need another Asian restaurant? One always needs great restaurants.   And this is delicious  perhaps the best pad Thai I have had.  And I eat a lot of Thai.  Service is great and the people care.  Bravo
4	I can't believe there is yet another Thai place in Squirrel Hill...but I had to try  it. Sukhothai stands up well in comparison to the other Thai establishments! Service was good, the atmosphere was slightly nicer than the others (white tablecloths, excellent presentation of food).We had: -fresh rolls (VERY good, especially the flavorful sauce)-papaya salad (good, but on the limey-side and a slightly small portion for $7)-dumplings (fine, as dumplings go, but a fantastic sauce elevated these)-drunken noodles (great flavor; we got the American spice level which wasn't especially spicy to us)-spicy fried rice (maybe the least exciting entree--nothing wrong with it, just not nearly as good as the noodles) - note: we ordered this Thai hot and it still wasn't overly spicy. The waitress brought out extra spicy sauces for us, which was nice.Overall: Not the best Thai I've ever had in my life, but a solidly enjoyable experience. I liked it better than the other Thai in Squirrel Hill.
4	Sukhothai is a new addition to Squirrel Hill. Being my first time here, I asked the waitress what dish she would recommend from the chef. Without pause she immediately suggested any of the curries. I settled on the Mango Tango Curry with chicken and shrimp with the highest Thai spice level (Thai Hot 3) and my friend ordered the Penang curry with chicken. Both meals were very flavoursome and, for once, the shrimp in my dish was cooked perfectly.I love extremely spicy food so I was a little disappointed that "Thai Hot 3" was not hot enough for my preference. However, when I mentioned this to the waitress she immediately brought me over a set of 3 pots. Each contained a different chilli condiment. There was a samba oelek-type paste, ground chili powder and straight-up chopped green chilli, with the later being my favorite! This little set of pots completely redeemed my experience and I happily improved the spice level of my dish.Although there are quite a few well-established Thai restaurants in Squirrel Hill, Sukhothai is a fresh addition worthily of a try. It definitely won me over with the genius chili pots. Also, special bonus points for our waitress who was exceptionally helpful!
4	One thing that distinguishes Sukhothai from other similar priced Thai restaurants in Squirrel Hill is it knows how to present their dish. This quality really gets me. The food is also very good. I ordered Penang Curry and love it!!! My boyfriend had yellow curry said it's OK yet can be more strong flavored. Also loved vegetable crispy rolls. Above all, I enjoyed everything including the service. There is not too many options around Forbes if I want to have an around $30 meal with my boyfriend and at the same time enjoy a little elegant style. Sukhothai totally made it.
5	Delicious. We had the Love Salmon with sweet, sour, spicy sauce and the vegetable Thai fried rice. The spices in the salmon were perfectly balanced, and the notes of pineapple and chili were refreshing. I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness of the fried rice; I've had my share of bland and oily fried rice at other restaurants, but the rice here was just right. Alongside a bottle of wine (it's BYOB with no corkage fee), Sukhothai Bistro makes for a perfect night out! The staff was very friendly and accommodating, and the owner made sure we were satisfied with our experience. A pleasant ambience, stellar food, and welcoming workers. Very pleased!
3	Went here tonight with two others for a late dinner. What we sampled: Fresh Rolls (very good)Fried Tofu (even better, delicious)Tom Kha Shrimp (good, not great) Pad Thai Chicken (very good)Red Curry Chicken (not good at all. the consistency was all wrong).Overall the appetizers out-shined the main courses and I was particularly disappointed by the granular texture of the red curry.  This is my litmus test for all Thai restaurants and this did not measure up. In a neighborhood with great Thai Sukhothai needs to step it up.
4	My friends and I were hungry and decided we would try this new Thai place.  While very unassuming from the street, the atmosphere was very classy but casual.  Each of us ordered different meals--a curry, fried rice, and pad thai--all were excellent.  All of us enjoy spicy foods, but with the warm weather, we just wanted something with a little kick.  The fried rice and pad thai were medium spicy (spice level 2), while the curry was ordered to be hot (spice level 3).  The levels did vary among each dish.  The pad thai was a little mild, while the fried rice definitely had a kick.  I was worried about the curry, but the coconut milk lessened the heat, so it was a pleasant heat.  Overall, the food and service was great.  We will definitely be back.
5	The head chef came out and talked with us about our meal / the area and what he could do to get the word out (maybe he was the owner too?) and it impressed me so much I had to add my review from urban spoon to yelp. Anyway the review: Amazing. Out of all the Thai places in pittsburgh, this place hits the spot. It has no MSG and you can tell all of it is fresh. The staff is so nice and willing to bend over backwards to accommodate you in every way possible. When I went there, I tried the drunken noodles and the spicy Thai rice (as those are the dishes I've had at most of the Thai places in pittsburgh) and both were streets ahead of my expectations. The deserts are fantastic and not what you would expect on a Thai menu (in the best way possible). In an area and city where Asian food dominates, this place is by far my favorite and I will be coming back week after week as long as they can keep up the quick, personal service and amazing food. 10/10
3	I tried this for lunch. The prices were reasonable for the area. I got Thai fried rice with chicken. The spiciness was right on and it was tasty, BUT, the Thai fried rice I've had at other restaurants has had lots of great veggies in it and this was pretty much just rice, chicken, and onions. Pretty boring as a main dish. I'll try the other items since it was pretty good still, but I like food with a little more color and variety.
5	From the beginning to the end....yum! The Thai iced tea is terrific..not too sweet. Fresh rolls, curries, noodle dishes...all awesome. We've been there several times and I have not been disappointed AT ALL. We can't wait to go back again!!The owner is very helpful and personable. The wait staff equally as helpful and personable!!Welcome to the neighborhood!!!
1	The previous reviews made this restaurant sound like a slam dunk. My experience is that Sukhothai is good ideas gone bad. The restaurant has a very attractive dining room. We started off with vegetable tempura. The batter was too thick and chewy. The sweety and spicy dipping sauce was more sweet and salty. Next we had the wings. They were the smallest wings I was ever served and were mostly skin and bones. The little meat that was available was dry and the sauce was spicy but tasteless.Our entrees included ginger beef and the duck salad. The beef was pretty good but nothing special. The duck salad had a really good dressing but the rest of the salad fell flat. The duck lacked flavor and there was too much fatty skin on it. There were numerous large pieces pieces of raw onion in the salad...way too much.I was really looking forward to eating at Sukhothai given the previous reviews. The execution was so poor on the few dishes that we ordered that I can't imagine anything else on the menu could be that special. I was really disappointed.
4	Quite nice. Small, casual, and reasonably priced. I'd recommend the Tom Yum Soup, Spicy Basil, and fresh rolls! BYOB. This amount of food was about right for two people of moderate hunger.
5	Try the Mango Tango Curry. You will not regret it. It was just the right amount of sweet and savory with good size chunks of meat. The portions of these meals are also very reasonable. This place is a bit small so if you're planning to go with a large group, I recommend you make a reservation if possible. BYOB. And they also give you a piece of candy when you receive the bill which is a great touch.
2	Of the many Thai places in squirrel hill, this would be toward the bottom of the list. Went here for dinner and the place smelled moldy and musty. My water and the water of my two dining partners had some type of debris floating around in it. After three attempts at clean water, we gave up and decided not to drink any water. One of my dining partners had an issue with her meal, requested to order something different. Our server had difficulty understanding what we wanted due to a language barrier. The server eventually asked the chef to come out to speak with us. The chef immediately became irate with my dining partner without fully understanding the issue and refused to accommodate. Eventually we were able to explain our needs to the chef and she  begrudgingly obliged. Overall, the food was mediocre. Our server was nice. The only good part of the whole experience was that they are able to accommodate for vegan needs.
1	Ordered at 8:12pm.  It is now 10:02pm and no food. Awful. Do not order.  Unless you want to wait for 2 hours and not get your food.
4	This restaurant is new to Squirrel Hill, where it opened about 5 months ago. The staff is warm and courteous. The food is prepared fresh in an authentic Thai style. I started with their Silver Soup, a simple mix of chicken, vegetables and simple broth, with mild spices they popped more and more with each spoonful. My entree was a noodle dish entitled Se Ew. I had it with duck. As I'm not a spice Fan, I had it mild. It's savory flavor really hit the spot. My wife had the Kaw Soi, a noodle curry soup, which she enjoyed immensely. The owner came out to say hi, and he was extremely gracious. I would recommend this small little gem. But get there early, it fills up fast!
