4	Don't waste your time going to your primary care doctor for skin problems (or anything else for which there is a specialist). After being told by my family doctor that he didn't know what was causing my skin to break out, I scheduled an appointment at Phoenix Skin. Unlike my experience with most specialists, I was able to make an appointment with one of the PAs the next day.I was a little apprehensive because their on-hold music and most of the rest of the marketing materials for the practice seemed pretty heavy on cosmetic procedures. I was afraid I would go in because of hives and end up with a lift and a chemical peel.Nothing of the sort happened, though.The front desk people and medical assistants were great, and they were running on time. Michael, the PA, was awesome. Very personable, knowledgeable, helpful, and empathetic.Best of all, he knew what was going on and we got everything taken care of. Thankfully, the place wasn't crawling with pharma reps (it seems like every time I go to my primary care doctor, the valtrex rep is chatting up the front desk---maybe a hint?)
5	All I can say is Michael Richard PA-C is a ROCK STAR!!!!! After two mis diagnosis and eight weeks of pain and frustration this man saved my sanity - four day before Christmas!  He provided me a shot that gave me quick relief and percriped meds (the correct ones this time) that had my condition under control within 48 hours. The office staff in awesome, prompt, do not keep you waiting, efficient in calling in meds and just a sheer joy - I never ever have that with any medical facility. Thank you Michael and staff. I will recommend you!
4	I like the fact the entire process of getting an appointment and filling out paperwork was done online. They got me in the waiting room right on time and were friendly. Although I had to wait a little time to see Dr. Mike he was very nice as was his assistant and hopefully I am on the way to clearing up the problem.
5	PA Mike Richards is fantastic.I had heard a lot of great things about Phoenix Skin, primarily the Camelback and Central location. The north location was more convenient for me, so I made an appointment.I had a weird rash, and booked an appointment at a different doctor's office for. After the NP came in, google image searched what she thought I had, and provided me with a diagnosis of ringworm, I was pretty skeptical. I should have pushed back at the time, but decided to get a second opinion.The entire office at Phoenix Skin was amazing. Booking the appointment was super easy and I was able to get in very quickly. I filled out all the paperwork before hand on line on their mobile friendly site. The receptionist was pleasant and the tech/nurse took me back right on time. She was very sweet and my actual exam with Mike was a breeze. He was super thorough, but didn't make me wait or waste any time. Excellent bed side manor. Mike took one look at my rash and explained that it wasn't ring worm but a weird virus that crops up during season changes. I would highly recommend!
5	Stumbled on Phoenix Skin when I developed a rash...  And wanted to have it dealt with.  My other dermatologist says they can see me in two weeks-at that point I will have scratched my arm off.  I call Phoenix Skin that afternoon and they were pretty full but said they could see me the next day!  Fast efficient checkin and  almost zero wait to time see Dr. Mike made it even better.They gave me a sample to get the itching to stop ASAP,  and call in a prescription.  I was in, seen, and out in no time, but certainly felt like I was looked after and received a proper diagnosis.I can't say enough good things about them... I wish all medical providers were this good.
5	Short and sweet--I had a minor skin problem that turned into a gigantic annoyance/pain. Incessant itching to the point of me breaking the skin. My legs looked like battlegrounds from my claws :( Boyfriend all but forced me to head to a derm. I'm glad I finally took the leap, because I was quite miserable.I, like many other reviews it seems, saw Mike Richards. The assistant that came in before him was so completely pleasant and nice, and she stuck around to take notes while he examined me as well. He immediately figured out what I should do (I'd developed a random form of eczema that wasn't visible to the eye but left me miserable), had her write me a Rx for medicine and since I first applied it the next night, I've been 100% cured. They insisted I schedule a followup appointment for a month later in case I needed anything, and said I was free to cancel it if my problem vanished like they said it would. Just called two days ago to happily cancel it. Quality of life: Plus 48302 happy points!
5	Very clean, very friendly, very knowledgable, very thorough, and very patient with answering all my questions!  I went in to Phoenix Skin and had a list of skin concerns for them to evaluate. Mike Richards PA was very knowledgable and professional!  So was the medical assistant that took care of me. The front desk greeted me with a smile at check-in and check out. First class operation run by Dr Lee Laris and his team!  I wish more businesses knew how to provide this type of experience!
