5	This place is the cleanest Asian-grocery in the East Valley.  It's mostly Korean food items with some Chinese and Japanese stuff thrown in the mix.  You CANNOT beat the meat section; they specialize in Korean and Asian-cuts you cannot find anywhere else.  This is because they will cut anything for you fresh on the spot.  L.A. Galbi (Ribs), Wang Galbi, Sam GyupSal (Pork Belly), and more all cut to your liking.  They also have a Korean snack-bar/food stand where they specialize in Korean fast food.  I've tried their Kimbap (Korean roll similar to sushi but nothing raw) and DdukBokkee (Sweet Rice sticks in spicy sauce), and it's really really good.  Oh, and they have a relationship with the Liquor store that's in the same plaza where they sell Soju (Korean rice wine)!!!!!!!!!!Fresh or marinated meats, fresh vegetables, and Soju!?!?!?!  Time for a Korean bbq!
5	I forgot to mention their meat is so fresh you can get Steak Tartare!  You can also have the lady at the food counter prepare it for you.  OMG  If you haven't tried Korean Steak Tartare(Yook Hwae), you're missing out!
5	Paldo Market is extremely clean, and boasts fresh products at cheap prices!  The market itself has a great selection of traditional Korean products, along with a variety of fish / seafood / meat.  There is a small counter in the back corner of the store where you can order extremely reasonably priced entrees as well.  Super friendly workers, you really can't beat this place for the combination of service, price, and quality.  Highly recommend.
2	A small Korean grocery store, a bit more pricey than others.Friendly owner and fresh/moderately priced beef is all that bring me back.If I lived near ASU, I would probably go a lot more often, but as it stands, there are more moderately-priced Asian grocery stores to choose from (like Lee Lee, Mekong, Asiana).
4	I discovered this little Korean Market the other day after leaving LA Fitness, as they share a parking lot. I was drenched in sweat and tired as a Cuban refugee who'd just swam to Florida. I shuffled into the market, dragging my feet searching for some form of sustenance. Paldo Market is choc full of imported food stuffs, all kinds of Asian foods, processed and fresh. You could spend hours in the spice section, hell the whole store if you dont know what you're looking for; which is exactly what nearly happened to me. I was entering the void, drifting off into that daydream space where your eyes glaze over and you dont even realize that you're staring off into the distance slack jawwed and drooling at the thought of kimchi fried rice, just then one of the owners? clerks? came up to me and asked me 'how my day was going' or something along those lines, i feebly looked at her and had to concentrate on just what she'd said she smiled hesitantly, scanning me quickly with her dark eyes, (probably wondering why i was drenched in sweat and dressed in hobo workout clothes) i smiled at her unable to really formulate a response.I looked around and wondered if i was brave enough to order any of the chilled salads they'd had in the freezer area, the spinach salad looked fairly good but for one reason or another all i ended up buying was some extra dark soy sauce, sriracha, and jasmine green tea, all for around $7. I noticed on the way out however that during the day you can order a meal and they'll cook it there, however no one was back near the kitchen when i was there and it looked closed.Next time i come here i will try and hydrate myself a little better so that im not ready to faint on the employees.
4	This grocery store reminds me of the nice specialty Asian grocery stores in San Francisco you might find around Japantown (except this is the Korean version of course).  It is very well kept, with fresh produce and items neatly arranged.  They have various specialty Korean and Japanese items, such as shiso leaf, and kimchi.  In fact, they have a pretty good selection of kimchi to choose from- freshly made in-house, jars from a local producer in Arizona, 2 types from L.A., and they even have some kimchi that is straight from Korea (you have to buy 5 kg of it though, so I had to pass on trying it).  The freshly prepared food selection is very good.  They have marinated beef bulgogi that is delicious when grilled or pan-seared, marinated pork, and various types of panchan.  The only thing that I couldn't find here that would have made it a 5 star experience for me was a certain brand of kimchi potsticker that I love to get, but that is asking a bit much I know.  I will definitely be going back here again for groceries, and I'd like to try the small restaurant in the back as well.
4	Got kimchi?  Got bulgogi?  Got mochi?  Well... Paldo's Market does!  It's a super clean and well-organized Korean (and a bit Japanese) market that's fun to go and buy things randomly from.  There are tons of treats for the people who don't cook Asian food or high-quality imported needs for those who do.  As for me... I love to go and get treats, some basic ingredients (like meats or seafood) and... cruise around looking at all the cute Korean guys. keke  It's even better when they've just come from the LA Fitness that's next door.  *sigh*See ya there!!!
5	This place is great! If you need anything Korean this is the place to go. They have pretty much everything that you might need to make your average Korean dish. The only thing they don't have is soju, unfortunately, but there is a place nearby that has it. I will definitely keep going for the kimbab.
5	This store is bright and clean, the prices are comparable to others with a just right selection. Their banchan are very good and well priced. Love that they always have some good kpop playing in the store as well.
5	My husband and I stopped here today for a quick lunch...  This is my go-to Korean market when I am in need of those basic items that every Korean should have: green onions, ginger, garlic, onions, soy sauce, red chili paste, fermented soy paste, spicy ramen, shrimp chips, dumplings and don't forget the kimchi.  That's the niche this store fills.  So even if its small, it's invaluable to people like me in the Tempe area. The store also has a great little cafe in the back by the prepared foods.  It is a small counter cafe, that is attached to the kitchen.  As you can see from the photos, it doesn't seem like much.  But you will not regret ordering from here.  You can have your meal to go or eat it at the counter.  I like to eat it at the counter.  It's not the same as eating at one of those street-stall cafes in Seoul, but it's a suitable substitution given the circumstances.  The menu is limited, but they serve many of the good old Korean comfort foods. My husband had the beef BBQ plate, I had the spicy pork BBQ plate, and we both split a pot of Kimchi Jigae.  They were all very good.  I might even say they were better than the same served at any of the three Korean restaurants I had listed as my top three:  Chodang, Hadori, and Takamatsu.  My spicy pork BBQ was flavorful.  The perfect balance of sweetness, saltiness, and spiciness that you should expect in such a dish.  My husband also enjoyed his beef BBQ.  One of the best he has ever had, he said.  Our kimchi jjgae was also very good.  Served piping hot with loads of kimchi, beef, and tofu.  We didn't get an egg, but I think they will add one for you if you ask for it.  We also received a complimentary serving of japche.  I was told that they usually serve some banchan to their guests but they ran out, so we got japche instead.  Although it was good, with a nice amount of veggies and beef, it was the least favorite of the dishes we had.  I'm not a big fan of japche in general and the noodles were a bit hard, which is what happens when it gets too cold or is undercooked.  Our total came out to around $34, including drinks.  So, the prices are a couple of bucks or so cheaper than similar items from Chodang, Hadori, and Takamatsu. Which is pretty good considering the quality and flavor is, in my opinion, a bit better.The process of ordering and paying for your meal is a bit confusing if you're a first-timer.  So, here's a step-by-step breakdown:1) When you get to the counter, it might look closed even if it is not.  I think it's the curtains that might throw people off.  They are always closed (hanging), even when the cafe is open.  The purpose I think is to cover some of the view of the kitchen from the outside.  So, just look for the lady or gentleman that works there or ask the person at the front check-out when you come in if the cafe is open.    2)You order with the lady or gentleman working in the kitchen that the counter is attached to.  If they are busy, just take a seat and get their attention.  Dont worry about being rude.  Koreans are pretty straight forward people.  If you need something, you just ask for it.  I know it's very counter intuitive for Americans regarding service, but if you can get over that, then you 'll be fine.  Get your own chopsticks from the container on the counter, but you will be provided with a spoon.3) There are cups on the counter and cold water is off to the right of the counter.  The water is self serve.  If you want a different kind of beverage (soda, tea, etc.) or even some of their prepared foods that are off to the side, you just go and grab what you want from the store.  You can pay for it then (keep your receipt) or you can pay for it at the end of your meal.  Just don't forget to pay for it. 4) The servings are huge.  So, if you need to-go boxes, ask for them.  They will happily provide you with what you need.   5) Towards the middle or end of your meal you will be given a ticket with your order on it.  It will be written in Korean so unless you know how to read Korean you won't have a clue what it states.  But the number of things on this list should be the same as the number of things you ordered, not including your drinks.  6) Take the ticket along with your drinks (empty cans if you are done drinking them) to the front check out.  That's where they will ring everything up and you pay for it.All-in-all, this is a great little store and the a great little cafe for a quick and delicious Korean meal.
5	Stopped by again for  another quick, late lunch.Had the spicy squid with some banchan (soy beef, radish kimchi, and seasoned bean sprouts).  Sooooooo good.  Totally hit the spot.  Also, spoons are available in the container on the counter top and the cafe is open from 7:30 am to 5 pm, daily, except on Sundays (closed).  Sometimes they close early if it's slow.  So, best thing to do is either call in advance to see if they are open or just stop in and ask if you are already near by.
4	It seems that I can't get enough of this place.  I recently went back for another helping of the Spicy Squid.  It was good but this time we didn't get as much and it was made a bit differently.  Not like last time and not as fresh this time around.  So, I had to update my rating from a 5 to 4 stars.  I'm still a fan but I wish they were more consistent.  That's a problem with many Korean restaurants in the Valley--consistency.  If they could fix this, I would happily give it 5 stars again.
5	They have some great unique spices at this place. The store is always nice and clean and the staff are very friendly
4	I can't quite give Paldo 5 stars as it could never compare to the mega korean marts in California...but for such a small store, it packs surprisingly large variety of Korean goods, plus a food stand!Paldo and Asiana are the only 2 korean markets I've been to in the whole Phoenix area, but between the 2 of them, I have all my korean needs provided. For Paldo, the produce always looks fresh and the prices seem reasonable...they are probably more expensive than say Lee lee's, but korean markets are always a little higher priced. They have all the requisite korean fruits and veggies for authentic cuisine. Occasionally some of the pre-packed fruits (like peaches) and veggies (like cucumbers) might be alittle old and have some mold on them, so I always try to inspect what I buy. I feel like it's more a problem with being wrapped up tight in plastic and styrofoam b/c the items that are freestanding always appear very fresh.The meat department is small but serviceable. You won't find a large variety of cuts here, but for standard korean bbq items, and for making soups you can find what you want. Again, probably a little pricier than at other asian markets. The dry, refrigerated, and frozen goods are pretty standard and you can find all the things you could possibly need for making korean food from scratch, or a lot of instant/premade foods that just need heating up or minimal preparation. The only thing that selection seems a little week on are beverages. Kimchi is always plentiful and offer a good variety of types of jarred kimchi, or kimchi in bagsThe food stand serves up truly homemade Korean food, like what you would get at home..certainly homier than what you would get in a standard Korean restaurant. No bells and whistles, just hot tasty food straight up. But to me the real strength of this market is their premade banchan - or those freebie side dishes you're always offered at Korean restaurants that act as appetizers? There's a really wide variety of ban chan available, and although the small packages seems a little expensive ($3-5 each), if you know how much time it takes to prepare each individual side dish...it's well worth the price to buy them already made. Sides like soy sauced beef & egg are usually hard to find in korean markets, so it's a huge bonus this place does it well. In the pre-prepared section are also huge packs of pre-marinated bulgogi, and other kimchi preparations. Also, you can find freshly made kimbap (korean sushi rolls), and occasionally other warm items like savory korean pancakes. Even if you don't cook korean food, you can buy a bunch of these items and have a full korean meal at home, and some of it is actually better than my mom's.
5	They have kimchi potstickers now!  Upgrade 1 star!
5	I recently discovered this market and it's  absolutely  amazing!! The fruit and vegetables are incredibly fresh as well as their meat section.  The banchan section has a wide variety and it hasn't been sitting on the shelf for days as what you see in asiana market in Mesa.  The lunch counter in the back is delicious!!!!! I love the kalbi stew and spicy octopus.  I will be back weekly!
4	Finally! An excellent Korean Market with a cafe in back. I love their kimchi selections and the cafe. This is well needed in the Phoenix metro area and I am happy it is close here in Tempe. A great addition to the city!!
4	When I drove by this place, I thought this place was a Mexican grocery. Imagine my surprise when I parked and saw the Korean writing :).A great find. From the outside it may not look that big, but inside I was a bit blown away. The market has plenty of isles that have provided me with some excellent access to Korean goods. Every Asian market should have a snacks isle;Asians love to munch and I've been able to munch away on all kinds of Korean snacks. Granted not all of of the snacks have been worth my money but I've found some favorites.The section that I like the most is the produce section. Sometimes the goods are competitively prices but the produce is always fresh and some things that can't be found at other Asian markets like Lee Lee, can be found here-- and example is perilla leaves.There are other great things I can say, but over all it's a great place.The only reason it's three stars is because the prices aren't competitive.
5	There is a new cook in the kitchen and the menu has changed a little bit.  But the food is still very good.  Still one of the best places in the Valley to get Korean food.
4	For an Asian market of modest size, this place has a lot of good-quality stuff - sweet-potato noodles, fresh produce, dried seaweed, salted shrimp paste, Asian condiments galore ... too many things to list. They have a refrigerated section that has an assortment of banchan as well as marinated meats ready to grill; my friend Jan who happened to be in the market at the same time that I was shopping there was able to grab the last of the marinated ready-to-cook beef short ribs ahead of me, so I'll have to come back another day for that. Tucked in a corner of the store is a small eatery - a table for 4 and a counter that seats about 6 - that serves a short list of Korean entrees. I was hoping to try the spicy squid which the other reviewers were raving about but it was no longer in the menu, so I tried the spicy beef instead; it was a tasty stick-to-the-ribs meal, especially with the kimchi and spicy beansprout sides that came with it.  Apparently they had shortened the menu and raised the prices a buck since the last reviews that mentioned the eatery, so that the meat entrees cost a penny short of 10 bucks. In all, I find this a pleasant place to buy Asian groceries and grab a quick and hearty Korean meal.
4	Great food in the little kitchen in the back. I had the kimchee soup. Very good.
4	This is more of an epitaph than a review. Having explored korean supermarkets in and around the Valley, I have found no better than this place. In terms of quality and cleanliness this place just simply cannot be beat. Went there today to stock up and found that the place is closing down. There is very little left, but of what there is, you get 50% off if you pay cash. Its a sad day for korean food lovers in Arizona.
1	very sad!!! this store went out of business!!!!
1	they closed!nooooooooo...where will i get kimchi from now  :(
5	Closed for good. So sad. :'(
