4	Fantastic food.Fantastic service.Fantastic ambience.A bit pricey
3	This place smells like an airplane and unpleasant smells are a pretty big restaurant no-no. But as Renoir is inside a hotel maybe they think guests accustomed to airplane smell won't notice. The food, though not bad, is not remarkable in any way, and you're paying hotel prices The redeeming and absolutey best part about this place is the terrasse - totally ideal for summertime drinks. Too bad that only lasts 3 months. You can sit outside in these comfy wicker couches under a canopy and it's semi-enclosed so you feel a little less downtowny.A pretty sweet perk - addictive nuts, olives and cracks show up at the table  with your drinks, and if you go in the evening they bring around some good-looking amuse bouches to taste.
3	Le Renoir is an interesting spot located in the Sofitel hotel. In the summer or on warm days, they open up a patio area that looks right on to Sherbrooke street and offers some good summertime people watching. This review however is about brunch. But not really brunch as they don't really serve a special brunch menu, it is really just a breakfast menu extended past lunchtime on weekends.This weekend was my first date in months and I wanted to start the day out as early as possible. Within moments of our arrival we were seated, had fresh OJ and French pressed coffee on the table, seconds later came some croissants and fresh baguette.I ordered the Le Montrealais and he ordered the Stuffed French Toast. both delicious and were a good start to a great day. Though I enjoyed our breakfast, I did find it quite pricey at 72$ for breakfast with no alcohol. It wasn't terribly innovative as a menu and nothing really stood out as special. The service was good, but once we were finished, it seemed that the waitress and the support staff didn't pay any mind. We sat with our plates for about 10 minutes before someone finally removed them. I am eager to return, not for brunch, but for the market fresh 3 course menu the chef Olivier Perret offers Thursdays thru Sunday for 45$.
4	Great little place for breakfast. They have a nice outdoor patio that I highly recommend in the summer and definitely order the Crepes... You'll thank me.A fresh pressed cafe is always delicious and being in Montreal at the Sofitel the atmosphere is multi-cultural and everyone is dressed to impress. Be prepared to pay however, this is a costly restaurant.
4	Over the last few days, Sofitel Montreal hosted the head chefs from Sofitel Legend Metropole Hanoi for a week of Vietnamese cuisine at Renoir restaurant.The event's Vietnamese menu consisted of five courses, with two mains to choose from.  At $45 per person, there is no denying the bang you are getting for your buck at a place of this standing.We were delighted by the experience tonight.  Aside from the great dining room and service, it was refreshing to eat Vietnamese gastronomy in a posh setting like Renoir's.
4	Drinks are on expensive side. Beautiful patio! Fratellini with lobster were delicious.
4	have only been @ Le Renoir for afternoon tea service.The ambiance & service are great. The afternoon tea service has gone through several incarnations & I honestly don't know what they are serving presently. That being said given past experience here; I know I will be back as the chef is always innovative.It is expensive but you get what you pay for.
5	Loved the Lobster Risotto. Great restaurant!
4	This is a nice sophisticated restaurant with an "international" cuisine, meaning that it is good for business entertaining.  You can bring arbitrary guests here and be pretty sure they will find something appropriate (which is pretty typical for a good hotel restaurant).  There is always a vegetarian dish and a fish dish, both of which are typically very good.The place has a very nice ambiance, excellent service, and provides a pretty quick turn-around at lunch time, or even dinner time.  There is also an express menu  at lunch time that has a nice variety of items, an interesting collection of tastes, and which comes quite fast, including a selection of small desserts.
5	Great place for business lunch or dinner.  Favorite was the swordfish topped with crush almonds and sliced red grapes (served with rapini and black tiger rice). Best patio in the downtown core.
1	Stayed at Sofitel, excellent hotel.  Booked at Renoir for V-day (strangely had rsvps available only 3 days before hand).  Now I know why they had space.  Oysters were fishy, food was bland tastying, though serving sizes were typically french which I like.  Went to another place after to eat something tasty as my wife wasnt so happy with her vdays din dins.
4	I & mom enjoyed Brunch here today.As always we are never disappointed. Mom loves the Belgian waffles as do I, love the  chocolate sauce and the vanilla cream, I tried the apple/strawberry puree for the 1st time.The duck legs confit were tasty & lean as was the roast beef. I enjoyed the novel service of the poached salmon made with star anise & cinnamon. The snow crab leg was so fresh it was sweet.For me the star of the meal is often the dessert - it was today I tried all six; lemon meringue tart, mille-feuille made with both custard & cream, choux pastry filled with cream, a chocolate mousse creation with caramel & passion fruit, a fruit mousse verrine a composite of raspberry, blood orange mandarin and pistachio; accompanied by the french pressed coffee.I kid you not when I say I short of rolled out of there.The service as always was professional and attentive.
5	A+ on all fronts. Attentive service, elegant surroundings, excellent food. And for the general level of the place the price was not exorbitant.
4	When it comes to restaurants within hotels, I am not usually a huge fan. Unless we are talking palace and hi end cuisine.Somehow it is hard for me to judge the Renoir as I have only had a brunch there. But I must admit, what a brunch. This is probably one of the best brunch Montreal has. And if you still have room for desert, well they have the best "millefeuilles" you will ever encounter. And trust me as I am usually not a big fan of them. You will find an array of amazing deserts, but not only as the buffet grants you the possibility of a healthy brunch as much as a decadent one.So basically, if you are in need of a nice brunch, be assured that you have. A nice spot right here at the Renoir.The only thing that could be improved is probably the setting of the restaurant. Indeed more than the setting, it's mainly the furniture that kind of makes me not over excited.  This is true for not only for the Sofitel hotels, but for most hotels that tend to rely on furnitures that are really of average quality, and that brings a spirit of "cheapness" to the places. Unfortunately, over affordable solutions, often from China, seduces way to many hotels around the globe, and in the end it shows.
5	My husband & I had checked in late in the evening to the Sofitel after a full day of travel.  Le Renoir was the first place we dined at in Montreal and our experience was outstanding. The food was amazing. I had the rabbit dish and he had the lamb. Both meals were cooked to perfection. For dessert, we enjoyed a banana pudding encased  a rich dark chocolate shell. The staff was attentive and warm. The help to make our stay in Montreal a truly memorable one.
4	Very nice for a hotel !!!! Excellent food , excellent service , the staff are very accommodating , the food is fresh , high quality and tasty ...a bit on the pricey side but the conventicle factor of eating n hitting the town running is priceless ....
4	Great tasting food.   The staff is very nice and the service is great. We stayed at the hotel Sofitel where the restaurant is during our vacation and dined here multiple times during our stay.   The buffet brunch is excellent with lots selection.
