5	Peak Mart is a convenience store. Not your ordinary convenience store mind you. This establishment doesn't smell like moldy cigarette smoke and old hot dogs  like the 7-11 across the street. It's clean, well stocked and did I mention clean? Yes, it's clean. The employees are NICE. Yes, folks, I said nice. And they also don't smell like moldy cigarette smoke and old hot dogs, like the 7-11 does across the street. These guys sell bulk propane and propane accessories (King of the HIll anyone?), prices are good, good on beer, good on soda, good on just about everything. The coffee is fresh too. Add to that a car wash (hand dry) and better gas prices then the 7-11 across the street. This place is never an inconvenience to stop by, in fact it's quite the opposite.
1	I purchased a six pack of beer from this convenience store/gas station. After returning home and drinking a couple beers I looked at the expiration date on them because the beers tasted a bit funny.  That's when I realized that the beers had expired almost 2 months ago.   I would never go back to this place ever again.  Having beers on the shelf that is that expired is an embarrassment and a complete disgrace.
4	fuel and washGrabbed a car wash with my fuel up. Besides the unorganized wait behind a car with a full-service wash.... The guys did an excellent job with my 4.99 wash!
4	Besides the wait at the wash, always satisfied on how clean they get the car.
1	Apparently, under new management - FAIL!!!! Gas and inside store OK and friendly. Stay away from the unprofessional and lazy car wash area. Left me sitting in hot car while chatting with car in front of me. Took my prepaid ticket, but left me standing next to car so there was no conversation about what I expected to have done. I paid to have car washed, inside and out. Been going there for about 4 years and expected excellent job as usual. Gave guy $5 tip and wasn't until I was driving down the road that I realized they never did the inside of the car. I wasn't going back, because they were backed up busy, since they're so disorganized. I'll take the $150 that I spend a month there on gas, snacks and car washes to some place else.
5	REDEMPTION! After several months to let the car wash guys get their act together, I recently returned to fill my tank, get a drink and get my car washed. I am so very happy to say that they did a fantastic job on the car and were friendly. The inside of the Mart was always well managed and the people friendly and helpful. Now the car wash area is meeting that same standard. YEA! I can now return to my neighborhood Mart. Thank you so much for getting so much better!!
