5	Great piano movers. they were right on time and very professional. Moved a baby grand from one side of vegas to the other and had everything done in about an hour and a half. I would refer anyone to use him. Great price too! Thank you Advanced Piano Movers.
5	This company was HIGHLY recommended by a CONCERT PIANIST friend in Las Vegas. She said to call them and ask for Joe. We needed to move a piano from Las Vegas to Santa Clarita. I was searching for movers, but only found companies that went from Los Angeles to Los Angeles. Then I got this recommendation. I called and spoke with Joe. He explained what he has to do to move a piano (remove legs, pad the piano, shrink wrap the piano, etc.). He spent quite a bit of time with me on the phone, answering questions with thoughtful responses. He gave me a price over the phone based on several very detailed questions about the type and size of piano, where it was coming from and where it was going (steps, etc.). I was not present when he packed up the piano the night before delivery, but I was told it was VERY obvious he knew what he was doing. He delivered the piano the next morning (couldn't have had much sleep!) arriving bright, cheerful, and ready to work. I couldn't agree more. It WAS very obvious he knew what he was doing. The piano was well wrapped and padded. It was delivered in excellent condition. He set it up and didn't leave until we told him we were satisfied.
5	Excellent!!!   Picked up from a person I bought it from on Craig's List.  He was right on time!  Super courteous! . Very professional.  I felt like my baby grand was absolutely in great hands from the moment I met Joe and his helper.  Terrific experience.  I would recommend Advanced to anyone looking to move a piano.   AND HE WORKED ON SUNDAY!Thanks Joe!
5	We needed a piano moved... and fast. I call Joe on the 4th of July, surprised that my call was answered, and was able to schedule the move for the very next morning. Being that it was such short notice, I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to get this scheduled.We met Joe at the home where we purchased the piano. Joe really has piano moving down to a science. He had it out of the house and loaded into his trailer within 10 minutes. At our home, he had it unloaded and in our home in about 5 minutes.Joe was very professional and friendly... and efficient. All at a price that I was very happy paying. I highly recommend Advanced Piano Moving. He really knows what he's doing.
5	Thank you Joe for moving my piano!  He was quick and got the job done with very reasonable rates.  He also helped me move my bike at no charge.  I would definitely recommend Joe for piano moves!
1	This company is garbage. They no showed us. Then when we called, the owner blamed us and told us to get someone else. I would never recommend this company.
5	I needed a piano moved on Christmas Eve for a surprise gift and Joe made it happen for me. He was great to work with and we will use him again in the future.
