5	This place is like a little Italian grocery and a prepared foods shop.  They have the best fresh pasta (I love how it takes like 2 minutes to cook)- they have a bunch of different kinds of ravioli, spaghetti, and other classic Italian dishes.  If you want to try something a little different the sweet potato ravioli is awesome!  I also highly reccomend their sauces and breads.  This place also has a pretty decent wine selction.  This is the perfect to stop and pick-up something that you can prepare at home in minutes.
5	Taste the difference with the fresh pasta from this place!Yes,. you can buy "fresh" pasta in the grocery store, but don't. IT ain't so fresh.The lobster and crab ravioli was outstanding when combined with my own recipe for vodka sauce, i added shrimp and viola my guests were impressed. I love it because although I enjoy cooking,ravioli is last on my list to whip up in the kitchen.I've also purchased the cavatelli in the past and was fantastic along with my simple broccoli and garlic sauce.based on the taste and freshness of the  Pasta I give five stars , skip the chicken dishes in IMO.Also love the wine selection.Oh and they have Cannolis!
4	Pasta & Provisions is very popular with the Yankees that have migrated to Charlotte.  I usually stopped at P & P to pickup fresh cheese and pasta on a regular basis.
5	This place is amazing. I lived in Rome Italy for 6 months and this is as close as it comes in Charlotte. They have make to order fresh pasta that is fabulous. Great rosemary focaccia, over 15 different types of ravioli, lots of Italian wine and groceries as well. Yum!
4	A hidden gem for Italian lovers in the area.  My wife and I have had a few good trips to Italy and when we get back we are usually able to find our new favorite wines of the region in this shop.  While we're there I'll probably pick up some semolina for our own fresh pasta and I'll definitely pick up some cracked pepper gnocchi to save me the headache (along with some sweet potato gnocchi for another dish).The service is spot on and friendly, the selection of imports very thorough, and from a quick already made meal to picking up components that you might be missing it's awesome.Another secret of the store is they supply fresh pasta to a lot of the local restaurants.  The owners are also big Slow Food supporters and couldn't be nicer.
5	Is the amazing array of Italian imported oils, pastas, cheeses, wines, canned and jarred veggies and such more expensive than your average high-end grocery store? Yeah.Does it cost more to buy their made-in-house spaghettini or ravioli than HT's failed attempts? Of course.But who cares. Everyone that works here is awesome, you can taste almost anything in the cold case before purchasing, open kitchen in the back so you can watch, if you tire of shopping...it's an impressive little store that deserves the extra buck or two. Or three. Hell, maybe even four.Lately (for you meaters) they've branched out and have started stocking Grateful Grower's sausage and some other hard-to-find NC fine meats, as well as their standard Italian selection.There's also a fridge with sauces, pastas, etc in the P/M Common Market, if you don't feel like making the drive down Providence, and the parking kinda sucks... but go at least once. Rad little store.
2	I have no complaints about their food items. My two-star review has to do with the fact that I emailed this establishment over a week ago asking for assistance in catering a party at my home...silence. No reply. Guess they don't need my business.
5	Pasta & Provisions is amazing!  You really should go there, now.  Right now.  Everything from the homemade pasta, ready to eat salads and grilled veggies, the sauces, the meatballs, the wine selection and the focaccia.  It's pretty hard not to get wrapped up into buying every item they sell.  It's all so fresh and local, it's like a dream!  And let me tell you a little something about the focaccia.  On a recent trip to Asheville my uncle asked if I could pick him up two rounds of focaccia.  He said, "they just don't make focaccia like that up here."  You know it's good when you're taking out of town requests.  The entire entity is where it's at!  Owner, Tommy George has really created a family atmosphere in this authentic shop.  I always walk away, with a pep in my step, feeling great about supporting this local business and of course, hungry.  The pasta literally melts in your mouth and the meatballs are the best I've ever had.  This food is perfect for dinner parties, big family meals and/or a quiet date night at home.  And, of course it's good for you!  Eat Pasta Run Fasta!
5	*Advanced apologies for this being so long! :)"Sono nell'amore" - I'm in love!  I wanted to burst into a child-like conniption right on the floor because I couldn't buy one (or more) of everything...someone hold me.  But I digress!  This is a FANTASTIC little shop - a lotta stuff packed in a small space & it seems to be quite popular.  Parking was a smidge daunting, but there is more in the back...but be careful since the tiny ally only allows for one car & you might get in the "I'm trying to leave but no I'M trying to come in" face-off!  The rear lot is shared with Providence Sundries & was pretty full when I was there around 12:30ish on a Thursday.Found the staff to be SUPER helpful, friendly & knowledgeable, especially as to which sauce would pair well with what pasta (all homemade in house btw)- one girl (didn't catch her name) offered to show me around the store & explain things when she learned it was my first time in, which was a huge help (although the shop is relatively small it's still kind of overwhelming at first).  Once the tour was over I wandered about on my own to soak it all in.  The atmosphere is easy with music playing in the background at juuust the right volume and a view to the kitchen in the back.  One cool thing they do is whenever someone orders any of their fresh pasta, they send it sailing from the kitchen to the register up front down a long wire attached to a clip (watch your head!) - FUN!   PS - you choose how you want your pasta cut: Angel Hair, Spaghetti, Linguine or Fettuccine.They have a huge menu board up front that spells out exactly what's in each pasta, ravioli and sauce, so you know just what you're getting.  Plus you see how NATURAL everything is.I walked away with THE most delicious Greek White Bean Spread & loaf of Rosemary Focaccia bread (which I am munching on as we speak)...just marvelous.  Also picked up a pound of fresh garlic/rosemary pasta cut fettuccini style (only 2 mins to cook!), house-made alfredo and pomodoro sauces, and a pound of shrimp ravioli (prebagged).  They even gave me a treat just b/c it was my first time there - how awesome is THAT?!   They're my new bestest friends :)For those SIX, local, house-made items, my total came to $30 and change.   Taking into account I was supporting a local business and getting true FRESH items, made BY those locals, I don't think that was half bad.  One other thing I like about P&P is that their prices are fixed & do not fluctuate as they see fit any given day like many other places of this type, and from what I could gather (didn't ask, so..) everything is always available - they even give you a "menu" when you check out.  This is especially handy if you're trying to plan for a special dinner or get-together.  True, you are gonna pay more than you would at the grocery store, and at times quite a bit more, but it really IS worth it (especially for many of the "provisions").  Once we've munched on the pastas & sauces I'll update this.  But as of this moment in time I'm drooling over my newfound love.  Everyone should visit P&P at least once, especially if you love to cook, play in the kitchen, or even just browse & get ideas for a simple meal for two since they're more they happy to help.  OH...and they have very reasonable hours, including Saturday AND Sunday!!!  See you there :)
4	This is an excellent little Italian grocery, giving my old favorite in Chicago a run for its money.  Delicious fresh made pastas, a generous selection of wines, and of course all of your favorite Italian store go-tos like the Limonata, the Italian cookies, the fresh meats and cheeses.  Plus the whole aesthetic of the place is just plain charming.  I'm putting this in my grocery rotation, at least monthly.
5	Yup, I am in love with Pasta & Provisions. Not just because they have freshly piped cannolis, but also because they have such a great selection of fresh Italian fare and ingredients. Plus, the employees are ridiculously nice and helpful.Their fridge selection has all sorts of delicious traditional, home-made Italian goodies: meatballs & marinara, stuffed jumbo shells, lasagna, tiramisu, fresh pasta, etc. If your seeking specialty Italian items - this is the place to go. They have special canned tomatoes, imported pastas, wines, cheeses, etc. that will elevate your dish to the next level. They also offer large scale meals and catering for the "I'm pretending I can cook Italian" dinner parties. :)And back the cannolis...holy yum, this is the first place in Charlotte where I've found fresh cannolis...if only I could convince them to make them with pistachios! Mmmm thanks, Pasta & Provisions! I'll be back soon!
4	Pasta, wine, cheese, meat, desserts, frozen, fresh...you name it, this place has it. Small place right next to the Sundries on Providence. I hard to pass this place and not hit it up for a visit on the way back home. I don't think I've ever spent more than $20 here, but it's a fun place to walk around and walk out with a couple items you think you need. Either way, I'm making Italian in the next few days due to a visit here...not a bad thing! Do yourself a favor and visit soon. Tip...Parking is usually full in front, but there's a back lot with extra parking.
5	pasta and provisions is the best place to get italian food and supplies.  every nook and cranny of the place shows how much care they put into creating and sustaining a place where customers can find a taste of italy.the staff is amazing as well.  they are extremely knowledgeable about ingredients and are just nice to chat with as well.if you love italian, or want to try something new, p&p is the place to go!!eat pasta, run fasta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I came here on a trip with a few other girls. We had all never been there before and seeked pasta and sauce for a pasta dinner. The staff was incredibly helpful and told us exactly how much pasta and sauce we needed. We had the garlic and rosemary linguini with their homemade pomodoro and marinara sauce (mix 1 part pomodoro, 2 parts marinara). It was incredible! We also had meatballs which I highly recommend. For $20, we fed 5 hungry runners! You only have to boil the fresh pasta for 60-90 seconds so it was really fast too.They have these little chocolates on a shelf called "liquid coffee" for $.75 that I got on a whim-SO amazing and now I have to find out where else I could find them!
5	Fresh pasta, sauce, ravioli, and bread.  Nice joint but it is a market not a restaurant so you can impress someone at home.
4	Ciao! Great selection of Italian treats, sweets, meats, and ...cheese (tried to think of a way to make cheese rhyme). Walking in I felt a bit overwhelmed with the delicious options everywhere! You can walk in without a clue to what to make for dinner and leave with an entire meal, plus a bottle of wine. It's perfect for those weeks when you know are going to be killer and you're going to be exhausted...pick up a ready-to-eat meal and just pop it in the oven or grab some fresh pasta!The staff were really helpful and friendly! The only downfall was the cannoli. Now I know Nicole W. sang praises about this pastry, but I must have gone on a not fresh day. It was small, didn't taste fresh, and pricey for the size & quality. Perhaps my expectations are high since my only experience with cannoli's are from Little Italy in the Boston area where the cannoli's are so big they require two hands to eat them. This cannoli issue can be easily forgiven since the rest of the place was impressive!Go, explore, and enjoy! Grazie, Pasta & Provisions!
4	Never knew this place existed till the past weekend.  So glad I found it (well my fab g/f found it and brought me to it ;)).  It's like a traditional Italian deli/pasta shop right here in Charlotte.  Too cool!  So many fresh ingredients from all the fresh cut deli meats, to the freshly made pasta as well as roasted veggies, sauce and of course the deserts!  I will definitely be visiting this place more often in an attempt to expand my culinary horizons!Note:  For the single guys out there that might not know how to prepare a great romantic dinner....this is your one stop shop!  Come by here and you can find every ingredient you need already made up so all you have to do is throw it together and BAM! You'll look like a superstar!
5	Fresh pastas and Italian goods. This is the place were all top restaurants in Charlotte buys their fresh pastas.
1	Excellent cheese selection.Beautiful homemade pasta and sauces...I can't say enough about how good every single sauce I have tried is, served with their perfect pasta. I've had to edit my review of Pasta & Provisions for one simple reason. Their store is so unorganized, and their staff so lazy and unmotivated that it is a chore to try to shop there.I can't remember the last time I went to their store that all of the items that I purchased made it home in my bag. They will randomly leave out at least one item every trip.I don't know if this is an effort to increase their profits by stealing from their customers, or if their front counter staff are just that incompetent. But, even with a concerted effort, I still end up at home unpacking my bag, wondering how exactly that I don't have the bread I purchased, or the cheeses, or the ham... or whatever it is that they have charged me for that they didn't put in the bag.Don't try to call to complain either! There is NEVER any management or owner there, and you will talk with a high school aged person, who doesn't know and doesn't care.
4	Eat pasta, run fasta.  At least that's the logo at this local Italian specialty grocer and pasta maker.  No doubt pastabilities (ha!) abound for carb loading here, whether for your latest endurance run or for your Sunday dinner food coma.This is an old-school grocery with a small but amble selection of Italian meats, cheeses, oils, and sweets.  They also have a small selection of wines , but the show stoppers are their fresh pastas and sauces.  In other words, everything you need for your Italian feast can be had here.Rather than peruse the cooler and the freezer, I encourage you to check out the large blackboard behind the counter.  All the pasta options and sauces are clearly laid out and explained.  Just make your selections and tell the staff how much you need or how many are eating.  For fresh pasta, the register staff sends your order back to the kitchen staff on a little zip line, who fills the order and zips it back to the register in just a minute.  Raviolis are pre-made and frozen.  Sauces are either frozen or fresh and in the cooler.  No worries, they all taste great.Fresh salad greens and focaccia breads are also usually available, and located near the register.  Do check out the wide selection of olive oils and other jarred goodness located pin the tiny aisles to the right.  Pricey?  A little; but you'll find things here not available at any other mega-grocery in town.This is a local gem that any foodie will put on their must-see list.  Luckily, they are just as accessible for those looking for a quick mid-week meal to make back home.  Buon cibo!
5	LOVE CARBS! Get the pesto spreads- all of them.  The fresh pastas and fresh breads too.  This is the place where happiness is born and bred.Granted the price is a little on the high side for their products, their products are top notch.
4	Now that I've made a full Pasta and Provisions meal, I feel fully prepared to give an educated review.  Service: Rockin'. The little shop was packed (mostly with Myers Park-esque women who seemed to be staring at me, but I can ignore them) but there was always a friendly and knowledgeable staff ready to help. I asked what I should make for dinner since I haven't tried their fresh pastas.  A mushroom one, and a garlic rosemary was recommended.  The person helping me said the linguine should only be boiled for 45 seconds.  She got me the right amount, and went to the back where the pasta is cut and prepared, to get the portion.  It's nifty to see the pasta come zipping into the cashier area on a wire, hung near the ceiling. Foccacia (sp?) bread comes in an ENORMOUS wheel, almost the size of a large pizza of car wheel.  You can get it cut in half.  To go with it, I got a $2.50 bag of spring mix and a container of Greek (I know, it's Greek in an Italian store, but it's fantastic) white bean spread. The bread was light and fresh, the spread so savory and delicious...I ate half the container before dinner.  Oops!There's a freezer section, a few of them full of frozen filled pastas like ravioli in different varieties (seafood, squash, mushroom, crab, cheese, etc.) and frozen sauces.  There are freshly refrigerated ones too, like the popular marinara and pomodoro sauces.  I chose the pomodoro with 12 meatballs. I also got some peach soda for bellinis for a New Year's party, and some house cheese blend (parm and a couple other cheeses blended together in a plastic baggie), block of imported fontina cheese, and a small bottle of house dressing. Everything was delicious.  The cooking directions of 45 seconds is spot on for al-dente pasta.  Compared to dried stuff, you'll never want to go back.  Just the right amount of chew and nice garlicky flavor.  The sauce too was super flavorful and blows the jarred Ragu stuff from the grocery store out of the water.  I forgot to pick up a canoli or one of the pie things at the front.  Oh well, next time. PS: The prices are higher than the grocery store, but you really get what you pay for here.  Can't wait to plan out another meal here!
5	It was my first time there. A friend of mine had recommended it and it was much more than what I expected. The guy working there helped me out, explained everything to me. Gave me great advice on what to get exactly, the amount and what to mix it with. Even though I walked in 20 minutes before they closed, I never felt rushed or anything. He really took the time to help us out. I will definitely be coming back. Amazing store with great customer service. Thank you!
4	I bought a good bottle of wine for a very decent price.  But, my main reason for visiting was lasagna supplies.  They had everything I needed (I did have to get mozzarella instead of my preferred scamorza but not a big deal).  They have fresh, ready to bake lasagna noodles that were out of this world. I was told that the brownie I bought was the best ever, and they were right!
4	So this one time, I applied for a job at P&P and I never got called back... However! Once I got over my grudge, I went back and was just plain giggly. The food is so darn artful. All of their imported products have the fancist Italian labels and I'm just a sucker for their Italian deli meats.. O the pepperoni! The staff is casual and friendly and always ready to make a recommendation. This is the place I go when I really want to make a Christmas-present good sandwich. The breads are little beauties and they don't get upset when I ask for 5 slices of three different meats! They also have nice weekly deals, especially on Fridays - bring your own container and get some free sauce! Haven't done that yet.. I try to throw down a little cash when I leave a store with something.
4	So glad we found this great little store! Not only do they have homemade pasta (memories of my grandma's tortellini!) but they have homemade sauces, a great selection of wine and cheeses! I will be frequenting this place to stock up on the homemade gnocchi and cavatelli!  (you can keep them frozen and cook in 5 minutes... Dump some of the homemade pesto on it and u got a meal!) Buon Appetito!
5	I just realized I never wrote a review on Pasta & Provisions.  I think I secretly wanted to keep this gem to myself.  I don't want anyone to know why when I make pasta it always tastes so much better then theirs.  That's right the secret is fresh pasta but who has the time to make it themselves these days.  I frequently stop by Pasta & Provisions to pick up all kinds of yummy stuff.  I love that I can get everything I need in one place for a great Italian meal and don't have to hassle with a large grocery store.The garlic and parsley pasta is amazing.  They import a lot of food items I can't find anywhere else.  In fact they carry a sausage that I've never been able to find in twelve years of living in North Carolina.  Grab a loaf of their fresh baked bread and one of their homemade sauces and you have a great meal in no time.  You can also pickup a prepackaged meal like lasagna, chicken parmesan etc. & don't forget to check out the wine selection.  If you eat Italian food like I do then this is the place for you.Besides the great food the staff  is incredibly friendly and helpful which  keeps me coming back for more!
4	As soon as I pulled into the parking lot I knew my dinner was going to be delicious. Wonderful smells wafted out- tomato, garlic, Italian spices...mmmmm.I have driven past this place for years been too intimated to go inside. This was a mistake. I tried the garlic and parsley hand cut pasta (the recommend garlic and rosemary was out) paired with the ammmaazzzing Pomodoro sauce- HIGHLY RECOMMEND. It has just the right amount of zing.The next time I have to bring a side or dish for a party I can't wait to grab their prepared mac and cheese and other tasty treats. If you are willing to pay a bit more for local and fresh then this is the place to score your next dinner. You will be rewarded. PS- Parking can be tricky don't even try for the spaces in the front head straight for the parking lot in the back.
5	This is a great place to pick up every thing you need for a quick Italian dinner for yourself or even if you find yourself with an unexpected dinner party in an hour!    Fresh focaccia and breads, cheeses and antipasti, salads dressings, and pasta of course.  You can put together a very impressive dinner for your family or guests in a matter of minutes.  Fresh pasta in all sorts of colors and favors - you pick the cut and how much you want.  Lots of frozen and prepared raviolis and lasagna etc.    Sauces of different kinds.   I love the sun dried tomato sauce on pasta and I always keep it on hand to use either as a nice spread on fresh baguettes or quick crostini appetizer base.   Plus all the extras you need from wine, oils, risotto, polenta, seasonings, tomato sauces and such.   Great specialty store.
5	I'm not even sure where to start with P&P. This place excels on a level of Italian procurement that hasn't accurately or sufficiently been defined by the culinary world. Located off of Providence (and a bit difficult to squeeze in and out of their faux parking lot) it's the neighborhood shop for all those seeking to attain the level of "savant" in preparing their pasta-laden meal(s).First of all, the staff is so friendly it hurts. They genuinely are interested in what you are preparing. They aren't trying to shove a $200 wheel of Parmigiano into your shopping bag. They want to help you acquire the flavors that you're looking for and, without a doubt, they'll have what you're looking for. Have no idea what to prepare? They do. Ask one of the staff members for a recommendation and they'll hook you up with the starch, protein or mise en place to pull off a meal like Mario Batali in a super hero cape. One of my favorite things about this place is the smell. Breath deeply, newbie shoppers. You'll breathe in the fresh garlic, herbs and fresh pasta being prepped in the back. What a treat and right in your Myers Park backyard. I've ventured in on several occasions for dried pasta and other canned goods (pepperoncini peppers, olives, tomatoes, etc) but you can't beat their fresh pasta. They have over 10 different kinds in-house. My favorites are the garlic rosemary or the wild mushroom. Sampled a few of the others and they are all wonderful as well. All are ideal for preparing ravioli, lasagna, spaghetti or any other pasta dish you're looking to make. This place is a market titan for its class. Wonderful selection, staff and overall presentation. Look forward to visiting every single time!
5	Amazing store -  found a great fresh pasta selection and all found a cheese with black truffles. We bought 4 kinds of pasta - all fantasticad fresh !!!
5	This place is badass.  They've got all kinds of homemade Italian goodies.  Some of my favorites include the fresh pasta, freshly frozen gnocchi & ravioli, all the sauces, fresh focaccia breads, and the cannolis!!  I've never been disappointed with anything.  Sometimes I ask the dude that always wears Red Wings gear for recommendations and he is continually spot on.  The staff in general is really helpful.  I love supporting this local Italian grocery store.It's now a Sunday tradition to stop here and then grab a couple bottles of wine from Trader Joe's (They have a nice selection here, but TJ's is so cheap...).  It usually costs under $25 for 2 people.  Sweeeeet deal.
5	When I go to Pasta & Provisions it's like I've died and gone to carb heaven. Seriously, this place makes me so happy. If I have more $, I'd stock my fridge and freezer full of their goods.If nothing else, you HAVE to grab a bag of BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI and and round of fresh FOCACCIA.  The bags of pasta are fresh made and then frozen, all you have to do is drop them in a pot of boiling water for 6-8 minutes and VOILA! you have a perfectly easy, delicious lunch or dinner with local, fresh, simple ingredients. Let's get back to the bread. The rosemary focaccia that they have everyday is to die for and you can even buy half a round if you're not as carb crazy as I am. Just make sure you buy the focaccia the day you're going to eat it, because since it's not made with preservatives, it doesn't stay fresh for longer than a few days. Even then, when it's stale but still good, it makes a wonderful french toast.IF they have it, make sure you try the focaccia with feta, sun dried tomatoes and olives. I'm salivating just thinking about it. It's really sharp and rich, but amazing. I wanna do a happy dance every time I take a bite. Only complaint is that parking is crazy limited.
1	I am sorry.. I would like to buy food from your establishment.... The whole idea of it appeals to me.  That is the good news.  The bad news is... I have bought several of your prepared food items.   They have all been VERY disappointing.  Tonight we ate Baked Ziti.. IMy husband and i both agree that it was so pasty.. and we ended up throwing the most of it away.   honestly you could go to Food Lion and get a better dish.. We expected so much more..I am soorry.  ..... Such a great location
5	My wife is italian and from NY..... enough said... haha she went down memory lane at this place. we found this place by typing in "best canoli in charlotte" well yup its the best.  bought some pasta for Nanny... yup its approved!
4	I have lived in Charlotte a long time and have never been here, I have been missing out. Great little shop with amazing pasta and sauces... I was eyeing the pizza which I will definately pick up on another visit. Everybody was so friendly and helpful... I even got a free pound of pasta since it was my first visit!
4	Vast selection of Italian foods.
5	Wonderful!!!!!!!!!  I just had fresh pasta and pomodoro sauce and it was out of this world!  I cannot wait to come back and try other things :-)  I think this is my new fav place!!!
4	This is one of the coolest places you will set foot in. The most difficult part is getting there. Actually that isn't even true. Getting in is not the hard part. Getting out is the hard part, because the lot is so, so small, and you have to back out onto Providence Road when you leave. Let's skip that for now.The good part is when you're inside it's like an old-time grocery, but instead of just about everything, it's focused on Italian food. Specifically pasta. You can get just about anything, and you place your order up front, and many times - though not all - they will zip your pasta from the back along a pasta zip line to the front. That alone is the price of admission (which to be fair, is free).Though fresh pasta may not be worth the drive - or the maneuvering of the parking lot - it is definitely worth checking out the place. They also have all sorts of oils, wines, cheeses and the like. If you haven't gone, you owe it to yourself to visit at least once.
5	I feel like we've barely scratched the surface at Pasta & Provisions, and can't wait to try more! Everything we've had from Pasta & Provisions has been perfect. The first time we went on a Friday to take advantage of the current meal deal where if you bring your own container you receive pomodoro or marinara sauce at a discounted per oz. price PLUS a free pound of pasta. We picked spaghetti and pomodoro sauce on this particular night. We couldn't resist picking up a few mini cannoli which were piped fresh right in front of us. The pasta was enough for 4 servings, and we got 32 oz of sauce, so that went a long way too. I think we ended up paying about $16 for the sauce, 6 frozen meatballs, 4 mini cannoli, and the pound of pasta. NOT BAD especially considering it was 4 servings! And, the speed at which the dinner came together once we were home made it even better.The next time we visited we picked up frozen tortellini and the frozen pizza meal deal, which included a bag of salad and cannoli. We chose the Italian Cold Cut pizza, which was great. It's also worth mentioning that I'm not typically crazy about tortellini, but theirs was delicious.We also typically park in the back, and more times than not get tired of waiting for a chance to turn left and just go right instead. It's all worth it though!
5	Love P&P! They offer fresh pasta & sauces, along with so many other food options. One thing I love, they offer Boars Head deli meat, sliced to your choice..great for sandwiches. A true Italian gem in Charlotte.
5	This is a dangerous place.  I could eat so much of the food.  I had a mission though.  Use a coupon for buy sauce, get a pound of free fresh pasta.  Picking out the flavor of pasta was a tough choice, but the little lightning bolts denoting a favorite flavor made it a bit easier.  The final choice was garlic & rosemary linguini.  I made a quick decision on the sauce and went with the pomodoro to try something different then my normal marinara.  I couldn't resist a baguette.  The pasta, sauce and bread totaled to around $8 - a great price for an amazing dinner.The pasta was just as delicious as I was expecting, the sauce was fun with a little kick and the bread was gone quickly.  Glad I decided to expand my bubble and check out Pasta & Provisions.  I definitely will be returning.
5	Can't beat fresh pasta and sauce.  I only entered their store/grocery on the left side,but my experience was great.  We got some fresh take home and cook yourself  pasta and sauce. All of which was amazingly tasty.  They have lots of different premade Italian food that your can purchase and take home with you.    Breads, cheeses, and meats all looked like a quality selection. I'll be back to try more of their selection.
5	We drive all the way from Atlanta to stock up; lugging dry ice and a huge cooler; pasta + sauces + pizza + t-shirts.  Varieties you cannot get anywhere else.  Freshest possible, cut exactly the way you want, rich in flavor.  Only issues I have are my ignorance of Italian wines they stock, and their website won't work on my iPad.
4	A small shop that contains everything you need for the ultimate gourmet pasta dinner! You'll find brands and varieties of pasta and pasta dinner ingredients that will probably be difficult to find elsewhere. They also sell pre-made entrees, some cheeses, and other interesting locally made goods. A bit on the pricey side, but that's to be expected for gourmet ingredients :)
5	Love the vibe!  Love the space!  The breads are to die for and good god the take away pizzas are legit!!  This is the kind of place that made me glad I moved here.  Place has a soul and is packed with 100% awesome foods and provisions!
1	I was so excited about finding a place in Charlotte that sells fresh pasta and sauces.   We were greated with questions about where we parked our car and if we were coming in the store or restaurant next door.  Walked inside to be greated with head banging music that made me want to stab my ears out.  Found a freezer full of sausage with the sell as date of 4/24 (three days ago) frightening.   Go to the counter to find no fresh ravioli (all frozen) also all frozen Capavetti and Gnocchi.  All types of sauces are also frozen, except one. The kid at the counter is explaining to be how frozen ravioli is better.  Whatever.  The display had a sign for three types of Focacci,  I asked for 2 of the 3 no luck.   I bought the rosemary Focacci and it's sold warm and it's not bad.   I also decided to try a frozen Florantine ravioli and frozen Gnocchi.   They packed the warm bread in the bag on top of the frozen pasta.   Unbelievable.   I will report back on the quality of the half defrosted pasta after I cook it.  Very disappointed in this place.
5	Constantly have great experiences at this place. A great place in Charlotte to get your homemade pasta, sauces, and pizzas. If you haven't been to this place (in the heart of Charlotte) give it a shot. You won't be disappointed!
5	I had been wanting to come here and was next door having lunch. I went in and was a little overwhelmed by all of the great stuff, but the 2 guys at the counter were super friendly and told me what was their favorites.  I bought some EXCELLENT homemade ravioli and they guys said since it was my 1st visit I could pick out a bag of any fresh pasta! I was so excited & I chose the rosemary fettuccine.  It was so so good!  If I ever need to make a special dinner or have guests over, I know just where to go to get the best ingredients.  If you like Italian, I would recommend stopping in there just to try something you normally wouldnt with the help/recommendations of the staff. They know just what to pick!
5	This is one of Charlotte's food gems. The smell of good olive oil and fresh pasta that permeates the space is worth the visit. Smartly chosen wines (most from a NC importing and distribution company), delicious house made treats like raviolis and focaccia, and a friendly staff...quite the trifecta. You can also pick up amazing Balsamics, Olive oils and CHEESES! The cheese (outside of Ormann's) is the best in town! Try the truffle cheese with the DeForville Chardonnay (from the Piedmont region of Italy) and then thank me. Or, more appropriately, thank Tommy, the owner.This place rocks.
4	I was tempted to simply give this place 5 stars becuase it's one of the only of its kind in the Charlotte area and is right outside of uptown. But the food was great and the staff is very friendly. You have an assortment of meats, cheeses, canned goods and prepared meals at your disposal. There's also a bunch of traditional Italian deserts and packaged goods, as well as wine. Worth a visit if you appreciate typical italian food/cooking and live in the area.
5	Outstanding food, had several different varieties of ravioli and sauce. Very fresh with great flavor. Great value and service
