5	Brown Bear BBQ-is so good! I first encountered the dry rub BBQ at the Scottsdale Barrett Jackson car auction. It was so good that I had to make the trip to try it again! The Brown Bear BBQ joint is inside the Chevron gas station at the corner of Ironwood and Baseline-or you just may see the big school bus yellow BBQ trailer somewhere at an event. If you see it stop to eat!The portion was very generous-I had the rib tips as well as the ribs with a wee side of brisket and pulled pork on a telero roll. I also ordered small sides of potato salad and coleslaw. The price is low for the large portion.The BBQ is cooked slow and low-it has 3 levels of  flavor from the beginning bite on the bark ( that dry rub spice crust) to the smoke ring just below the bark and finally into the tender fall off the bone meat.There were a variety of sauces to  try-I tried them all and find that the Ironwood Special is the best in my opinion-spicy hot!Its very clean inside, there are a few tables to eat at, and Brown Bear BBQ serves breakfast, lunch and dinner starting at 4 a.m.!If you ride a Harley-this is a great trip east of Mesa to have a good meal. p.s. if you like hot-I mean really hot, hot sauce-make sure and have some of the Extreme Hot African Ghost Pepper BBQ sauce-and have a telero roll on hand to help soak up the heat!
1	We came here because of the 5 star feedback and they were nearly walking distance from where we live. We were very excited to see a BBQ joint nearby but were highly disappointed with the food. Being from KC I know what good BBQ taste like and some of the best places are set up like this one but this wasn't even close when it came to good or even acceptable BBQ. They had a huge smoker in back but it wasn't used for the BBQ we had. Since we live very close we really wanted to like this place because the closest decent BBQ place is 20 miles away. We bought a sample plate because we love BBQ and wanted to get a good idea of what their's was like. The food tasted old, like it was warmed up from days before and it had a lot of grease on it. The beans had a weird aftertaste to them and also had an old burnt taste. The smoker in back was for show only because the food tasted like it was done in an oven a week before. Like I said very disappointed... don't waste your money.
4	Great stuff , give it a try!  Go to their website for current location, they move around,brownbearbbq.comOh ya, they cater and its awesome !
