3	Service is hit-or-miss, many teenage employees with little customer service skills.  They've never botched a drink order or over-charged, so I guess I'm content with it.
4	I love you Dunky!!!  This is a great location just outside of uptown, you can hit it up Saturday mornings before or after your trip to the Kings St Farmers Market or the Mecklenburg County Market on Harding.  The service here has always been stellar and quick for me.  They do get jammed between 8:30am and 9am weekdays so be aware the drive-thru line may backup onto Kings.
4	Very convenient location, generally nice service.  I think they are probably a little quicker with the drive-through but I personally like to go in and see my cheddar bagel twist before I buy it.  Oh, and they understand EXACTLY what I mean when I say "just a little cream and sugar" in my coffee.  Its a difficult art to master.  Now if only it weren't so treacherous turning back onto Kings...
4	So my girlfriend has converted me...it's true.  I use to be solely and totally sold out to Starbucks but Dunkin has changed me.  Their coffee is cheaper, the place is less pretentious IMO, and I don't need to know another language in order to request a cup of coffee.  Not only are the stores coffee great but the ground coffee you can buy to brew at home is fantastic too.  This particular location is not exactly great for getting in and out as the traffic can back out into the road but that's never stopped me from going.As with all Dunkin locations they also have great food.  It takes all my will power to stave off the desire to devour all the donuts they have but somehow I make it out of there most times.  In the event I can't make it, my absolute favorite food item is the little munchkins....little balls of heaven!
4	Growing up, almost all the donuts I had came from DD.  We never had an Krispy Kremes up north.  To this day, the benchmark  of donut quality, for me, is a fresh chocolate frosted cake donut from DD.  Everybody makes such a big deal about the KK "hot light," but if you get to DD at the right time, their donuts are fresh and warm too.  The maple donuts are super as well.At any rate, this location on Kings Drive is conveniently close to my work, and I've always had decent experiences with the staff there.  Never used the drive through.Long live the northern donut war of aggression.
3	Dunkin Donuts is just your kind of run-of-the-mill sweets restaurant trying-to-turn-fast-food. It's kinda like a Dairy Queen selling chili cheese dogs and burgers. Their stuff sounds so delicious and they tout their coffee like it's the best thing in town. But I don't even like coffee and their sandwiches were just standard greasy messes. Perhaps I'd have more respect for them if they had been in the business of making food for longer. Sure Mickey Dee's stuff is no better for you but they've got enough experience and it shows.Again, not reviewing the coffee so it could be the best. The doughnuts are easily beat out by Krispy Kreme in most instances. The only ones I've actually liked at Dunkin are the creme or berry filled doughnuts. But their standard stuff just doesn't melt in your mouth the same way. Anyways this location was good for a quick stop while walking around in the area shopping and shooting photos.
3	The location is super convenient.... the parking situation, not so...  I've run in here for a time or two to get my afternoon coffee fix, one where I attempted to park and almost got hit by 2 cars... the other through the drive through, when it was less busy, but still managed to have a close call with one of the cars trying to leave the parking lot at the same time.It's on Kings so everything is sort of crammed into the area.  It would be nice to be walking on the newly constructed/(still under construction) green-way and then stop in (take the cars out of the equation).  Eh.... near death experiences aside, it's definitely worth the risk for coffee.
2	The product of DD's is consistently good (if you are a dunkin person, which I am). However, in recent months I have found it difficult to leave this location without being disappointed with the service. It is always extremely slow at the drive thru and when  inside. I cannot get through the line outside in less than 15 minutes, which is well above the average time it takes for any fast food. I usually don't go until 9am or a little before and the line is not into the street anymore at that point.Last time, I waited inside for a breakfast sandwich for 15 minutes and was told that it was given away to someone in the drive thru line. There was one employee in charge of all the hot sandwiches and another employee who was actually just standing there next to the one attending the drive thru. There was obvious communication issues and hostility among the employees.I now have been forced to drink gas station coffee bc I don't have the 20 mins to kill each morning waiting at my precious Dunkin Donuts. Step it up, I want to come back!
1	Since I woke up this morning, I daydreamed about a pumpkin spice coffee and croissant. I went to this location through the drive thru. It took them 5 minutes before they even acknowledged I was at the speaker, and when I finally places my order - a sausage, egg and cheese on a croissant with hash browns and pumpkin spice coffee - they gave me a regular coffee, no hash browns and someone else's sandwich. Of course their location is not conducive to parking, so I didn't realize my order was wrong until I got home. When I called to complain to the manager, he barely spoke loud enough to be heard, said "I'm sorry that happened to you, ma'am," and nothing else. I don't even trust that I was actually speaking to a manager.
1	I can deal with a lot except poor service and that is what I had gotten all times I go there.  Coffee is something that needs to be made the way a customer  wants it.  I went back each time hoping the service was going to get better but each time I was more disappointed. First of all no one acknowledges you when you come in.  The wait is long even while no one is in front of you.  Secondly I like my coffee light with cream and 2 splendas. When I leave there is no place to add more cream and I don't like dark coffee.  This last time I asked for my coffee and checked it before I left and it was dark so I asked for more cream. He put another dab in but it was still dark so again I asked for more cream and he said I put in as much as we are allowed. I couldn't believe it. His next suggestion was to give me a couple small creams to take with me and put it in myself. So I asked him am I supposed to do this in the car on my lap?Well. I have decided as much as I love their coffee and spend money for the k cups and bring donuts to the office staff it's time to walk away. The last poor service visit has made me so angry that I decided to write a review..  Time for the manager to retrain his staff.  Poor service equals poor sales.
2	If you're looking for a friendly, customer-oriented experience, this is NOT the place for you; although, if they got rid of the girl with the big hair, I'd probably give this place a four; she's just rude and impatient and needs to go.The food is what you'd expect.
