4	Since I had a free night with the Hilton hotels, we decided to use this as our home base in Vegas (it isn't like you stay in Vegas to stay in the room).  The suites are a little small for an Embassy Suites and resembled a typical Vegas hotel room with a little living room/dining table added to the side.  Seemed a little cramped.  The interior/atrium space was definitely remodeled from an older typical-Embassy suites design (think of a rectangular Luxor and you are pretty close).But there were many benefits, on top of the typical Embassy Suites' free breakfast (which is damn good:  homemade omelets, pancakes, eggs, etc.) and free happy hour.  They had a 24 hour business center with free printing (great for those boarding passes at 4 am), a no-frills pool and hot-tub...and the best benefit was there was that there were no screaming slot machines in the building.  Considering that the gas stations and airport have slot machines, this is amazing.  Instead they have this fountain at the entrance which was a nice respite from all the chaos typical of the casinos in Vegas.  Last plus was that parking was plentiful, we always had a spot right at the front.
4	This is a clean well maintained  hotel.   Be forewarned that this Embassy Suites has the two double beds and not two queen beds like other Embassy Suites.Breakfast is still great where you can order your own type of omlette or eggs in the morning.   The happy hour is great where you have a selection of wine, beer or mixed drinks plus a hot appetizer.A solid 4 star hotel.
5	This was my first time staying at an Embassy Suites, but not the first time I've been to Vegas and other hotels. So I do have some background to compare to. Staff was very friendly and new exactly what they were doing. Check in was not until 3PM, but we were able to check in early at 9AM. This will vary depending on how busy they are and the turnarounds of guest departures obviously. Obviously not as extravagant as the many other hotels, but this has both its ups and downs.This hotel is more suited for business travelers. If you are looking to be amazed this is not quite the place you want to be at. On the upside however, it keeps for a very quiet not so busy atmosphere. The atrium setup of this Hotel however is very nice. The elevators are prompt and not gruelingly slow. We drove here, and if you are driving to Vegas, this is a very nice location. It is close to the strip, about 3-5mins. The Wynn is the closest hotel I believe. Now being part of the Hilton brand, you get a lot for your dollar staying here. Breakfast is included from 6AM-9AM.  Food is plentiful with various choices. The cook to order omelet is the first thing I went for. Very delicious and salsa available on the side. Other choices include scrambled eggs, sausages, small potato pieces (forgot the name), pancakes, french toast, bacon, bagels, donuts, yogurt, fruits (bananas, oranges, other types), english muffin, and other pastries. You can also request the person who makes the omlette to prepare eggs sunnyside up if desired. Several kinds of cereal is also available. You better believe there are many beverage options to pick from, including soda if that is your desire for breakfast. And you can go back for 2nds and 3rds if you want. I was very impressed that the complementary breakfast was of such high standards.Next is the manager's reception. I believe it was from 5-7PM. On the 3rd floor there is a bar and this is where it is held. Who can say no to free alcohol and drinks. And YES you can go back as much as you can.The bartenders were friendly and prompt. Also included with the free drinks are several snacks. Popcorn, taquitos, etc. The rooms were very cozy and spacious. They were clean at my arrival. It is a suite, which consist of the living area and another room which is where the bed is located. There are 2 TVs, one in the living area, and another in the bedroom. Internet access IS INCLUDED, and is available wireless. For those who have obsolete laptops, it might be possible to ask for a wired connection because I saw the port in the wall. Each room I believe comes with a microwave, coffee maker, and fridge. Blow dryer, Iron board and iron is also in the rooms. Bathroom was average. Single tub/shower. Found the toilets to flush a bit weak. Not a lot of pressure so watch what you excrete. Another nice touch is every morning, you will be presented with a USA Today in front of your door. Another nice touches were the first day we were there, they had left me a note in an envelope welcoming me to the hotel. Also 2 bottles of water were given to me. Other hotel amenities include an indoor pool, and a fitness center. The fitness center has an eliptical, treadmills, bikes, free weights, machines. So your above average fitness center that you would expect from a hotel. And its included. The Luxor requires that guest pay per day use. Also if you forgot hygiene products such as your toothbrush/toothpaste, razor, etc-- you can just ask the front desk and they will gladly provide them for you free of charge!Check out was fast and simple, with my bill under my door. I will definitely stay here again if the opportunity arises. You get a lot for your buck compared to other extravagant hotels on the strip. But thats where it has its ups and downs. But being so close to the strip, it's a good trade off for those who have already experienced staying on the strip.
3	We were in Vegas for a wedding at Planet Hollywood.  We decided to save some money and go to Embassy Suites. The staff was very friendly on arriving and when asked about shuttle service, they said every 1/2 hour the bus took you where you wanted to go.  Our suite was small for an Embassy suites but clean.  What was weird, though was a table in the living room looked like it was missing its glass top.  I suppose this if to kid-proof it.  Just rubber lining. There was no cable guide, no Embassy Suites Menu.  When we complained, they sent some up. When we came back from the wedding, we had a nightcap at the bar.  One of the most charming bartenders that we have ever talked to! If you want to sleep in, this is NOT the hotel for you.  The planes roar overhead every 10 minutes from the airport.  Ouch.  Try that with a hangover.  I loved the atrium with the swans crusing around bowing their heads for the kids and the adults.  Breakfast was average.  You have to wait in line.  Some Embassy Suites just lay out the food buffet style.  So if you're in a hurry, forget about it.
4	This is one of the better Embassy Suites in the chain. It is right near the Convention Center (walking distance) and a short walk to the monorail that goes to The Strip. It is on Paradise, about 2 long blocks from Las Vegas Blvd (the Strip). The good thing is that it is a business oriented hotel with large 2 room suites at reasonable rates. In the summertime, you can get under $100, even on weekends (if there isn't a big show, which there usually isn't in the dead of summer). The reason this is a good thing, is if you come to Las Vegas for business like I do, the last thing I want to do is have to walk 20 minutes through a huge casino and another 20 minutes around a huge parking lot just to get to my car. That's worse if you are lugging stuff each way. Here, you just step outside and there is your car.  Now if you are just coming to Vegas for your once a year get drunk and wild party, then maybe this isn't for you. On the other hand, if you are staying for a few days and want to save some money for the casinos or shows, this is a good choice. It has free hot breakfast and free happy hour during the week, like all Embassy Suites. There is also free WiFi in you suite and throughout the Atrium..The hotel itself is a little hard to get to off Paradise, but is nicely kept, with 12 stories, a great atrium, the signature glass elevators and greenery, a mezzanine third floor lounge, indoor pool and outdoor jacuzzi. The rooms are 2 room suites with vanity and armoir in the bedroom with 2 doubles or a king, and the front room has a sofabed, lounge chair, table for 4, wetbar, microwave, and minifridge.The decor is simple elegance in contemporary colors, with marble tiling in the bathroom and minibar. The lobby fountain is a soothing interplay of water jets, programmed in playful arrays, like a mini Bellagio fountain show. If you want more money to spend on food, shows, and gambling, don't want to walk into a smokey casino every time you want to go to your car half a mile a way or take a dip in the pool, and don't mind getting free breakfast and happy hour and quick in and out to your car without walking or waiting for 20 minutes, stay here, particularly if you have a trade show to attend at the convention center, or you are on a sensible budget and been to Vegas many times before.
3	Rooms are nothing special Gym is smallFree Drinks and Breakfast is only reason to stay here
2	Stayed here with my younger sister and parents earlier this week and was not overly impressed, especially compared to other Embassy stays in my  pastHere are some highlights (and lowlights) from my 3 day stay here:--  Fold out bed was more uncomfortable than most (as older brother, I was the one relegated to the fold out bed)--  No fan or vent in the bathroom + 4 occupants = steamy, stinky mess--  Omelets made to order were amazing; the fresh fruit at brunch was discolored and gross looking.--  Happy hour was a godsend (free beer, nachos, popcorn), only there was nowhere near enough seating -- so be sure to get there right at 5:30 --  Not close enough to the Strip or Monorail for it to be convenient.  --  The sarcastically named town of "Paradise" has some fairly sketchy looking characters and very little to do--  The lobby has a kinda cool fountain that reminded me of a poor man's Bellagio water show--  Furniture, wallpaper, and bathroom all looked a bit outdated -- could use a major faceliftWhile we didn't spend a ton of time in the hotel, I'll have my mom splurge a few extra bucks to stay on the Strip.
4	We were fortunate to stay here via my husband's Diamond VIP hotel points so perhaps we got treated a little better than the average guest, but our stay was really very nice. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable. The breakfast was excellent. The service was very polite and helpful. It's about 1/2 mile from the monorail which is nice.If you are looking for an off-the-strip getaway, this hotel is just right.
5	Great Stay! We stayed here one night due to the close proximity to the Convention Center, we then moved to the Bellagio, and immediately moved back to Embassy Suites.What a wonderful experience. The staff went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable. Having the option of an evening cocktail at the Manager's special is a nice benefit, and the breakfast each morning was steaming hot and fresh, making it so convienent when needing to get to an event at the Convention Hall.The workout room was clean, equipment is updated and it is included with your stay. If you are a Hilton Honors member, the wireless internet is provided at no charge, a nice added benefit. The hotel was quiet and clean. You don't have to schlepp your luggage for miles into the hotel, parking is plentiful and free. We didn't mind being off the strip, it was a welcome respite from the craziness. You can easily drive to the strip, or walk to the monorail station for an evening of fun.When in Vegas again, the Embassy Suites gets my business!
4	we couldnt get our usual suite at the marriott grand chateau for this trip so we ventured down the unbeaten path. my friend got us a discount on 2 suites for the weekend and what sold us was the perks..free breakfast buffet with made to order omelet station. free happy hour from 5-7pm. and shuttle servicethe rooms were small. the bathrooms lacked that "strip" pizazz you might be used to, and they put is on the highest floor on the very very back. the staff was really helpful for anything we needed and we were in need of muchthere was a shuttle from the hotel to the convetion center and also to the wynn which helped save money; taxi service racks up fast. There was a gas station that sold beer right next door, tons of couches to lounge out in the lobby, and a neat little fountain that had these confusing air bubbles that made it seem like fish were being pumped directly into the fountain.I cant remember the name of the latina bartender but she made these amazing bloody marys. everyone loved them and were sure to get ordered a few more times throughout the night. they had complimentary snacks too. popcorn, nachos and trail mix.there was a cool african american dude at the front desk too, i think his name was kevin. he helped out alot since i didnt want to put the $500 authorization on my Debit Card. also there was petite pinay chick at the gift shop who took reservations on her downtime. really pretty and very helpful. we didnt use the pool much but it was indoors and kinda small. all in all it was a success. the stay was legit.
4	Went here for an overnight stay to attend a friend's wedding. Having stayed in one of the hotels in the Strip before, we opted for a quieter and more family friendly atmosphere and with this economy, we also minded our budget. After reading some reviews here, we made the gamble and I believe it paid off. Yes it is a small hotel compared from the rest but here it is were the value came in :1) rooms have their own sep living room with an LCD TV, there is also an LCD TV inside the bedroom so my child was watching his cartoons in the living room while I watch my show in the bedroom. They have a microwave, mini ref and coffee maker. For a standard room, you can't find these things in those larger hotels. Rooms are relatively clean also.2) Free Breakfast, buffet style..eggs, bacon, french toast, fruits, yogurt, cereals, sodas, juices, doughnuts..etc and omelet cooked to your liking...yum3) Manager's reception between 5:30 to 7:30 pm..meaning complimentary drinks, cocktails...my wife and I got glasses of wine and margaritas.they also serve some snacks. no need to spent a lot of cash drinking booze outside...the downside is it's only until 7:30...they should have made it 9-11 pm. :P4) Well If you have kids, you will like their non-smoking policy.It's also nice not to see a casino here.I found a lot of children playing5) since it's a smaller hotel, the parking is just close to it. I don't have to walk for miles compared with the previous hotel that I went to. The downside is, it's not covered.6) cozy atmosphere..i like the atrium and fountain of the hotel...my kid loved the glass elevators too.7) wonderful service...front desk personnel are very friendly and accomodating.8) affordable...I tried checking other websites and their website. I found out that their website is still cheaper plus my AAA membership also helped.9) Another downside is it's off location from the Strip, 1-2 blocks away. It was not really a problem for us because we brought our car. But that's why you have rentals, right? and you can also ride the tram.10) Their pools are small. One pool is indoor. It was cold when we came, around 45F so we were not really in the mood for a swim.They also have a 24H gym.So if you are looking for alternative places to stay in. I suggest you try this place out. We will definitely be back in this hotel next time we visit Vegas.
5	Stayed at the Embassy Suites for two nights for a business trip. Upon checking in - the front desk upgraded me (no charge and with no request from me) to a business suite - due to my status with Hilton.My room consisted of a dedicated meeting/conference room with a large stone table, HD TV wall mounted in one corner, and a counter area with coffee maker, fridge, and dedicated bathroom.The room itself was three rooms: living room, bedroom, and bathroom. Both rooms had a HD TV, the bed and pillows were pretty comfy. I prefer a firm mattress and this one fit the bill. Pillows were somewhat substantial, room was clean and fresh.Free Wifi was provided with a guest code. Two complimentary bottles of water were waiting for me in the fridge.Free breakfast downstairs in the Fountain Grille restaurant - and free drinks in the Terrace Bar at the Manager's Reception!The hotel runs a free shuttle hourly to and from the Fashion Show Mall - contact the front desk to let them know you want to go. I utilized this to get my afternoon Starbucks fix - and to get some supplies that were not within walking distance of the hotel.Only con I can ding them for is that there were no HD channels. But enough else was good that I can overlook that.Good hotel!
3	I came for training for work, so my stay for 5 nights was free. The breakfast was good! Lots of variety! They even had hot chocolate and about 10 different types of teas! They offer a free shuttle to Fashion Show Mall. It runs once an hour at the half hour & the last one picks you up at 10:30pm, I think it was. The last day I was there, I had many hours to spare before my flight, so I decided to take advantage of the shuttle. When I was ready to get back to the hotel, I called the shuttle at 1pm, meaning they should pick me up by 1:30pm. They did not come until 2:05pm. -_- I called them around 1:45 to see where they were, and the clerk said "Oh there must be traffic because they left a while ago." Being 35 minutes late... I highly doubt there was traffic! It's less than 5 miles away! When they finally picked me up, they had to pick up other residents from the other Embassy because they were dropped off at the wrong hotel. So I finally got back to the hotel around 2:20pm. I was suppose to checkout at 2pm since I requested late checkout. But the driver was nice enough to push back my checkout time to 4pm, without a charge (they usually charge 1.2 day rate for any checkout after 2pm). Good thing I had many hours to spare! Overall, a relatively good experience.
3	Went here for 3 day conference in April, this is a nice Embassy Suites located not too far from the strip of Las Vegas. This is a corporate hotel rather than a gambling hotel. Thank goodness because work and gambling does not go well together. The suites were spacious and some of the amenities included; refrigerator, microwave, working desk, separate living area and bedroom. What I love about Embassy Suites hotels is that your stay comes with complimentary cooked to order breakfast buffet and evening manager's reception with complimentary alcohol beverages and light hors d' oeuvres. The breakfast here is my favorite...not the type of complimentary continental breakfast where you get some fruits, bagel and muffins...this is the real thing. Bacon, sausages, amazing cut potatoes, French toast, waffles, and pancake (depending on the day) and everything else you can think of. Of course you can't forget the famous cooked-to-order omelet station...you tell the chef what you want in your omelet and chef makes it for you right there. What's what I call excellent services. Where else do you get an awesome breakfast and drinks for free? Not anywhere in Vegas that I know of. Complimentary internet access is offered in the business center for all guests of the hotel, this includes printing, faxing and etc. really great for business travelers. Staffs here are all very friendly and accommodating, the banquet captain was excellent and the event food was great. This is my second time staying at an Embassy Suites property and I would not mind staying here again in the future for business and not so much for leisure. The one thing that threw me off about this place was the palm tree in the living room of the suite...it did not belong there and does not look good. I am confused as to what theme they were going for and I still haven't figured it out yet. The other thing that I had a problem with was my hair dryer was not working as a hair dryer...more like a vibrator with the sound of a jackhammer. I called the front desk to have it replaced and the new one worked just fine. I guess my problem was....did housekeeping not check to make sure the hair dryer worked before checking someone in? Maybe the last guest did not complain...at least now the next guest will have a hair dyer instead of a vibrating jackhammer. Overall I had a nice experience and the hotel offered everything I needed during my stay for the conference. My review on this hotel is based on business travel and not leisure travel since I did not even get to leave the hotel to do any Vegas type of fun for entire week I was there! Maybe next time...
4	Great happy hour (530-700) it's free for guest.  Rooms are ok but it is very family friendly. The free breakfast it a plus and they do eggs to order.  Have stayed here a number of times.
1	During our most recent stay, 10-22-2010 bedding was not changed out when we turned  down for the night. Long Black hairs found thru-out our sheets. Called downstairs to get housekeeping to change bedding, they sent a Maintenance man, WE ARE TOLD BY HIM,NO HOUSEKEEPING STAFF @ NIGHT ??? The MAN DIDN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT SIZE BED WE HAD TO CHANGE THE LINENS."IS THAT A TWIN OR QUEEN HESTATED" NO- SORRY KING SIZE.New sheets brought up and handed to us. Had to change bed ourselves.The front desk stated no other rooms available @ which point I started looking for new accomodations. The only thing the staff @ Front desk could offer was a 25.00 credit. Can't wait to post reviews on the internet about this one !I'm sorry , but this WILL BE THE LAST STAY AT AN EMBASSY SUITES  FACILITY IN LAS VEGAS. My wife wouldn't allow me to leave at 11:30pm / midnight on a Friday night to get another hotel. I feel as if nobody cared and nobody offered any help in this matter. $25.00 refund was a joke, and makes me think about dropping HONORS program and possibly close my account, and discuss this with my Hilton American Express Card also. I certainly would love to hear from THE hotel manager for that facility and wonder why if your hotel is booked 100% , why a housekeeping staff member wasn't on the premises ? Especially at 100% occupancy ?
4	Stayed here during a recent weekend trip and was pleasantly surprised. Normally I stay on the strip but all the prices at the main casino hotels were higher than normal. Despite being off the beaten path, it was a relief to be away from a smoking hotel. Enjoyed the comp breakfast buffet cuz of the made to order eggs/omellete. Missed out on the Manager's reception. Will have to try that next time!
5	Good parking, clean, good bed, QUIET, fun happy hour bar, good breakfast.  Best Embassy Ive ever stayed in.- remote from strip, but Monorail is close!
4	AAA rate was $179 AND it was on NYE weekend too.  Great price, free breakfast, free cocktails at 530pm. about a mile away from Wynn and Venetian but the walk is nice along the Wynn golf course. Get a room facing south and you will be rewarded with a view of the strip. One more thing avoid rooms near the elevators because they may bother you.
4	Stayed here for NYE to avoid getting raked over the coals for high hotel rates on the Strip.Location...6.5 out of 10. It's a 5 minute walk to the monorail. The walk to/from isn't  scary as it's near the Renaissance hotel and through an open parking lot near the Convention Center. It's also a $10-$15 cab ride back to the Strip, be warned, cabs are hard to come by going to the hotel from that area. I mostly got one when someone else was getting dropped off.Our room was on the elevator near the floor where the manager's reception is (nice way to get the evening started btw), which can get a bit noisy but not too bad.The bed is comfy enough but nothing to write home about, nice bathroom but not amazing toiletries. The sofa OTOH, might save it for the guest who pitched in the least amount of money for the hotel room, it's not all that comfy.Complimentary breakfast was tasty and has an omelette bar. They have onsite laundry machines which is helpful and super convenient.It's SMOKE FREE. Good on the lungs and for airing out your clothes at the end of an evening in Vegas. It's also casino free so that saves you from getting into trouble :)
4	Having stayed at various interesting downtown hotels / Sahara on the strip for CES, it was a nice change to find  the Embassy Suites in Las Vegas. The location, at least for CES, was top notch and the rooms were far cleaner and less smoky smelling than at most hotels / resorts in Las Vegas.I enjoyed the simple amenities, plush towels, nice beds, ROBES! and a good bar for a place that isn't loud and obnoxious. The staff can be rude at times, but then again its Vegas, I'm not coming here expecting top notch service since I've received similar treatment at "5 star" resorts elsewhere in Vegas.Rates are extremely expensive nearing CES, but if you book well, well, WELL in advance, this is the place to be if you don't want to be amidst the drunken stupor that is the strip.
2	This is a review of the meeting facilities, and NOT the rooms.  I have no experience of the guest rooms at this location.I attended a two-day training here and was largely disappointed by the meeting facilities lack of power outlets in the space we were using.  The training was a computer-related course and all of the attendees were forced to fight over probably five power outlets. Additionally, the first day of our training there was some sort of awful plumbing problem occurring in the building that caused the entire place to smell of sewer gas and sewage.   The property was not able to combat the smell and we all just had to endure it until the cause was resolved.  Gross.
4	This is a great place to stay if you are not looking to party too hard. The rooms are great, the bedroom is separate from the living room. The living room has two couches one folds out into a bed, and there is a sink microwave and mini fridge.  This place offers shuttle service, but it only drops you off at the very end of the strip. We went to there happy hour and it was pretty lame, I had about 10 drinks and no buzz just a full stomach of sugar.They do offer complimentary breakfast and it kicks ass, I had a really great omelet and they something for everybody. I of course took some orange juice to my room and made mimosas.  If you do go to the happy hour stick to beer and wine... happy hour is free just tip.  Staff was very friendly.
4	EDC 2011 Las VegasHotel: really good service and comphy beds!!
4	I've stayed here a couple of times and enjoyed the place. The service is very good. It's a full-service hotel, which means I can grab a meal there if I'm working. A nice room, comfortable bed and the breakfast cooked to order is a great feature. The place is clean for the most part. The happy hour works, but for some reason, I never really have enough time to partake. It is relatively close to a Monorail station, which I consistently use. Next time in Vegas, I'll be back. It's a good place to work out of.
4	I recently stayed here and was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, large and stocked with a mini fridge and a microwave. I took off one star because even though you got free buffet everyday the options were low and coffee was basically brown water! Other than that the staff was nice, the atmosphere was nice, happy hour was a plus and most of all the hotel was clean. That's a big one in my book! If your in Vegas and want to stay off the strip- try this hotel!
4	This is a very good hotel. Nice room, nice everything. Clean, nice decor, great bed, just a pleasant place. And every single staff person I encountered was pleasant and courteous. Every single one. And that free breakfast? Wow. Omelets made to order (really good!) and quite the breakfast bar. I will say the coffee could have been a little less thin, but that was the only flaw. I didn't try the fitness center, but did have need for the business center and I will say, for a hotel this size, only two PCs? Really? I mean, sure, most folks these days bring their iPads or laptops or use their smart phones, but many - as we who waited for use of the PCs can attest - need to use one attached to a printer. But hey, use of it was free, so I guess I can stop complaining. It would be nice though, since they do put a 15 min limit on them, for them to put some form of timer. Many people ignore the 15 min limit, which would be fine if a bunch of people weren't waiting. Over all, I highly recommend this hotel, it has a very nice pool and spa, as well. Oh, and the happy hour is great - the drinks are very good.
5	This place was pretty sweet. When I stayed there, there were swans in the building. Swans! They have free drinks and snacks, which is great.The rooms are clean, spacious, and smell free. I like that you get a separate living room. I have seen dorm rooms and apartments that are smaller with fewer amenities. So this place ain't too shabby. The people who work here are nice and very chill. The only thing missing is a fountain view of the Bellagio fountains. And if you really want to nit pick, then then it would be great if they improved the quality of the rooms to match that of Bellagio. But hey, it's good enough for me. No complaints.
1	Horrible experience with their staff here on 11/11/11 weekend. We booked a room and when we got there, a little bit late, they had given it away. Claiming they had walk ins and they were booked up. Lady working there claimed we never made a reservation when two days later, there was a charge on our card from Embassy suites. How is there a charge when we didnt even stay there and you claimed we never had a reservation??? Went back on sunday to try and get our money back and the lady was rude and couldnt do anything about it and we had to talk to her manager who was not available.  She gave us the manager's number and when we called, no apology or compensation for wasting my time at this hotel, but we did get our credit back for NOT staying there. I never had any trouble here before and it's disappointing that this hotel will now lose my business for some incompetent and rude employees that cant even look up a name right. I hope this was not some sort of discrimination thing either but either way beware busy weekends and good for nothing people behind the desk.
3	came here for an interview. it's outside the strip, with taxi--about 10 minute drive. total cost was 13 bucks. The lobby people were nice to help me find my room. The elevators are cool; transparent windows and its in the center of the embassy suites. It's quiet..different change from the strip feel.  couches on the 1st floor and tables.
1	Horrible front desk. Utterly clueless and slow. They called us (family of 5 with three kids) a cab which took 30 minutes. The cabbie (Nellis Company) told us that their company does NOT take kids (The front desk should have known). Then they try again and come back to me and say that "sorry the cab companies require a child seat in the State of Nevada and here is a loaner car seat that you have to return." This was FALSE info again because we called on our own another cab and they took us with no problem. In fact for the duration of our trip (another 5 days) not ONCE did cabbies have a problem and they all stated that in the State of Nevada a child seat is NOT required in a taxi.They (Front desk) also did not call us after our checkout to let us know that they found my Mrs boots in the room. I had to catch a cab from the other side of town on the eve of our departure to come pick them up.Jacuzzi was out of order during our stay and the typical award winning Embassy Suites Breakfast was severely disappointing because it did not have all the items that we are accustomed to such as french toast on one day and pancakes another.......
4	I am a business traveler and stayed here 4/15-4/20/2012. I have to say this is the  nicest Embassy suites I've ever stayed in. I didn't want to be on the strip and my show was at the convention center (a very convenient walk).  I don't travel much with kids and I like a quiet stress free environment. The full american breakfast and free drinks from 5:30 to 7:30pm was a nice treat.I tend to stay in Sheraton and Double Trees (more than 40 nights per year). I was pleasantly surprised by this property and would definitely stay here again.
5	Why would you want to go to Vegas and NOT stay on the strip? Well because they have a complimentary, cooked to order breakfast as good as any buffet I've been to. Because they are the only hotel in Vegas that has a heated indoor pool for the kids to play in even in January. Because the rooms are huge and ours had a sofa bed for the kids to sleep on (and a door separating our room from where they were sleeping). Because the monorail system goes from very close to the hotel (2 blocks away) to the strip. If it were just my husband and I on a trip, we would probably stay on the strip, but with our 6 year old girls it was absolutely perfect. One of the nicest hotels I've stayed at.
5	Based solely on Customer Service: Kelsey, Kelsey, Kelsey. You, my friend, were so very helpful, polite and professional to my daughter and me today. Thank you so very much for your outstanding customer service!! Your help saved my evening!! :)
5	I love this place, every time I pass through Las Vegas for work I always stay here. They have always honored the federal government per diem rate which is huge for me. I love the nightly managers reception, free alcohol for 2 hours, can't really beat that. The cooked to order free omelet breakfast is also a big selling point for me before those days of long driving. The rooms are nicely set up with 2 flat screen televisions and a nice comfortable  bed. I'll be staying here on personal trips to Vegas as well for, now on.
3	I stayed here for a business meeting which was located at the hotel. It's away from the strip so I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you had to or want to be away from the strip.Pros - great happy hour with lots of snack options which changes every day.  One day there was pita, hummus and vegetables.  The next day fresh potato chips.  One thing that is standard is the fresh popped popcorn - yum! Adequate staff.  Some concerns: the hotel is in bad need of a design update.  It looks like the furniture and decor are all original since the hotel first opened. The shuttle is never on time and even when you request it with the front desk - be prepared to wait.
4	This is a popular hotel stay location for convention attendees, as both Sands Expo and LV Convention Center are within walking distance.  In comparison to other Embassy Suites I stayed at, the rooms seem newer here with the same two room setup.  Access to the strip is relatively close as well via monorail.For non-gamblers, it can be a good thing they do not have a casino in the lobby.  The pool is indoor here.  The breakfast area seems smaller than other Embassy Suites.  The staffs are super friendly here and they comp-ed my Wi-Fi even though I was not gold status yet.  For government affiliates, the rate is always the same year around when rooms are available.
2	I'm not sure if this is a review of Vegas or the hotel in Vegas.First, Vegas...its a crap hole.  Doesn't matter where you go its a crap hole.  I expect there are nice parts, I just didn't find them.  I was here for 8 nights and 9 days (about 6 more than you should ever spend) on business.  The place is a crap hole.Ok about the hotel.  First its off the strip (that's  good thing) but it is easily accessible to the strip (I guess that's a good thing).  That being said, the neighborhood its in is extra SKETCHY (on the other hand, as best as I can tell, all of Vegas is SKETCHY).  Wouldn't recommend taking a midnight stroll.Sun thru Thursday, the hotel is quiet.  Friday and Saturday it starts to get crowded...but I guess that's to be expected.For the most part the people who work in the hotel are friendly, so that's a good thing.  On the other hand, if I were from Hilton corporate, I'd fire most of the management staff.  Front desk manager...gone.  Someone tells you (at night) they don't have sheets for the pull out bed and your staff tells them they'll have to wait until the morning when housekeeping comes in before they can have any.  Really???  Is that the truth or were they lying?   Housekeeping manager...gone.  Rooms are "clean" but lots of deep cleaning has gone unattended (i.e., the black mold growing in the shower).  Food service manger...gone.  You know darn good and well there will be a crowd at breakfast on the weekends...why can't you keep the food stocked and the area clean???  Maintenance manager...gone.  I called about the dripping facet in the bathroom my first day here and you told me you'd have to turn off the water to the building to fix it??? YGTBSM!!!!  It's not my job to fix your leaking facet, but jeeze I could have done it with a screw driver and a pair of pliers...WTF can't you???  Do you think I showed up to your hotel in a turnip truck??  And finally...general manger...gone.  You can't seem ride herd on your staff.  Thanks for playing and I hope your next career choice works out better for you.  I travel a lot for business so stuff like this tends to really irritate me.  But maybe I'm just being critical here.Did I mention Vegas is a crap hole?PS...one final note...as I was loading up getting ready to leave, the guy parked a few cars over from me discovered his rear window had been smashed out and things were missing from his vehicle.  As mentioned earlier...SKETCHY neighborhood.I did mention that Vegas was a crap hole didn't I?
3	Debauchery. Gambling. Unforgettable Food. Sleeplessness.All the things above usually apply to an expected Las Vegas experience, however do not apply when traveling with children and staying at this particular Embassy Suites. We were in town for a wedding and decided to keep it low key, this is a non gambling institution. non smoking. non fun. It is acceptable to stay here. Clean place, Hilton family usually ensures no bedbugs. Very dated hotel though. They have breakfast included, and an indoor pool big bonuses when staying with little ones.  If you want to avoid chaos, and want to show your kids what responsible adults do on vacation this is the place for you.
1	Maybe the worst business hotel / "service"/value ever. Booked because I thought it was adjacent to Convention Center where I had to be for a couple of days, its not, its a long block or two away. Its a long block or two away from civilization.What didn't work-dated look and feel of common spaces and room-neighborhood (super skeevy)-staff was inept...see below no customer service no recognition/adjustment in cost etc-no cabs out front, and van only takes you to a mall (WTF really?), :20 for a cab to show up is ridiculous-skeevy people at "free" cocktail hour, how about you just put a couple of beers in a tub of ice so I can enjoy in my room (wait that would mean I could enjoy hanging in my $170/night skeevy room w skeevy carpet and backed up plumbing/smell of backed up plumbing.-pool is indoors and tiny What works-omlette bar was great-HHonors points to spend elsewhere-bosu balls in work out area-Staff stocked waters / snacks in fridge thanking me for HHonors statusThis place looks and feels like 1990, atrium entrance screams I should have stayed at the Wynn. My room had poor lighting/burned out bulbs  w bright brass colored plumbing fixtures in the bathroom and ratty carpet. Beds not great. Key was de-magnetized 4/5 times which then had me return to idiots at front desk again (and again and again).  Had 5 min plus conversation with idiot at front desk about wifi I wasn't able to access by checking in as Hilton Honors member.   Morning one my shower wasn't draining had engineer come up to room, black water in my tub during his repair, worse asked him to come back as i had to be at work at Conv. Center and my entire room smelled like crap (had a conference call I had to make). Told the front desk about the stench, they actually fixed it and if someone had apologized and subtracted something from my bill for the inconvenience, I probably would have forgotten about my miserable experience but no that didn't happen. Save yourself the pain of being constantly underwhelmed and stay down the street  I will
4	I love staying here, I like the fact that is about a mile away from the strip, and had no machine slots.  it was very quiet.  staff was extremely friendly. the assistant manager was very accomodating. she let me check out at 2:00 pm instead of 12:00pm so we got to enjoy the pool w the kiddos before we made the long 8 hr trip to san francisco.I didnt like the set up they had to get breakfast.   unlike the lake tahoe embassy suites this one was much smaller and they had someone serving you the eggs, potatos and bacon, instead of you self serving yourself like tahoe.  the lines were long, but moved fairly quick.  our tub was clogged, and they sent someone up within 5 minutes.  then sent a room attendant right away to clean the tub after he was done. great customer service!
4	We usually stay on the strip.  This was a nice break from the valet, bell hop, eternal elevator rides, and marathon distances to your hotel room.  Friendly staff, nice rooms, space, and quiet.  During our stay there was not a convention nearby so the hotel was not full.  I liked the gym facility.  Beware that the pool is currently closed for a few weeks for re-plastering.  Breakfast was nice however we showed at 8:30 and the donut offering was minimal.  If possible show up early for best selection.  I would definitely stay here again and will in approx. 1 week.
4	We usually stay on the strip.  This was a nice break from the valet, bell hop, eternal elevator rides, and marathon distances to your hotel room.  Friendly staff, nice rooms, space, and quiet.  During our stay there was not a convention nearby so the hotel was not full.  I liked the gym facility.  Beware that the pool is currently closed for a few weeks for re-plastering.  Breakfast was nice however we showed at 8:30 and the donut offering was minimal.  If possible show up early for best selection.  I would definitely stay here again and will in approx. 1 week.
3	Decent.  Room was clean and staff was mostly friendly.  The bar closes way to early!  Breakfast bar in the morning is nice.  With so many other choices around, I'm not sure if I'd stay here again though.
5	We use to stay on the strip all the time but since we were staying for 3 to 4 days all the time, we needed a value room with a fridge, microwave and we found the embassy suites, we stay there all the time now, the hotel offers a free made to order breakfast and drinks and snacks in the afternoon, no parking or resort fee! I don't know why people complain about the food me and my husband always enjoy it!  and if they got a crappy room first thing is to call the front desk and complain they should be able to give you another room specially if you are a Hilton member, I am a Hilton member  and I have not had any problems. ( been going there since 2010) I recommend this place if you want peace of quiet, free breakfast, don't want to pay resort fee or parking fee.
5	Great hotel. Not far from the strip. We walked to the strip everyday from here... They also have a shuttle that runs every hour to take you to the strip. Breakfast was good. We were in a suite - it was very big we had plenty of room for 4 girls and all our stuff. The gentleman at the front from Abilene, TX was awesome!!!!!! So friendly!!! I wish I remembered his name though.
1	If I could give this place a negative 5 stars I would.. This place was sooo old, rundown and disgusting we ended up leaving after just 1 night because we couldn't take the constant filth of this place. iv never stayed at a Motel6 but i imagine its similar or equivalent to this place. Take a look at the pictures I posted, they'll speak for themselves.. YUCK!!
2	I was here for a one day conference. I live locally and wasn't renting a room. When I arrived the morning of the conference, I explained to hotel staff that I needed a private place with an electrical outlet to breast pump intermittently throughout the day. Morning staff were accommodating, and I was allowed to use an empty board room on morning break and during my lunch break. During my 15 minute afternoon break, the board room was being used and shift change had occurred, so I had to explain my situation to a new staff member. She was polite but unhelpful. She told me there was nowhere in the building for me to pump. I suggested someone's office, and she said no. I had previously been informed all of the hotel rooms were booked, so I suggested they allow me to use one that was between guests. She allowed me to use a smoking room. The room was a cloud of smoke. By the time I was allowed access to the room, found it, and pumped, I was late returning to my conference. I also reeked like cigarettes the rest of the day.
4	We had a great stay at this hotel. Many many positives and just a couple negatives. The good:1. There is no casino in this hotel and the whole facility is smoke free. 2. Free breakfast buffet. Add $10 per person to the price of the room to figure what that's worth. 3. Free managers reception; free drinks (including alcohol), free snacks from 5:30-7:30pm. 4. Fold out bed for the kids. 5. Indoor pool with a super large whirlpool hot tub outside. 6. My step daughter had a math question she asked me "How many people do you think this hotel could hold?" We worked it out for a minute and then walked over to the front desk to check how we did. The lady at the desk was very friendly and helpful!The bad:1. Overly chlorinated pool on Friday night. Our eyes still hurt the next morning2. The wifi is very slow.
2	A little below par for a Hilton property.  The restaurant and bar could not take credit cards.  This would be tolerable if a short term problem, but it is apparently a conscious decision by management that has lingered for weeks.  We asked for an early checkout due to a coworker needing to rush home for a funeral and the management refused and said there was a $75 per room penalty.  This was in spite of the fact we were making the request at 8 am after having been there 2 nights and not having been subject to a minimum stay.  This made no sense at all.  That being said, the management is horrible but the help is very friendly and competent.
5	Great Embassy Suites waling distance from the Vegas convention center tram station. Great hotel if you plan to stay off the strip. Very nice rooms and views of the city. Hotel staff was very friendly and no problems at all.
3	My flight was delayed so instead of arriving at 5 PM I arrived at 9 PM. Got to the hotel at 9:30 and was really tired. I went into the bathroom and notice that I do not have a tub or an enclosed shower stall. I think I got the handicap room because there was bench in the shower area with a movable hand held shower head. I was too tired to ask for a different room, however if I was there for more than two nights then I would've probably change the room.The room was decent size, kinda clean.  I did notice a white spot in the carpet (see my picture) and stain in my clean towel.  The free breakfast was gross but it was free.
5	We had a wonderful week-long stay. From the minute we could check in early, I felt the staff was taking care of us above and beyond. We loved our suite. It was very private, clean, and comfortable. Had a minor issue with the faucet dripping, it was fixed in 1/2 hour. Wow! The breakfasts were lovely. We thought the omelets were great. Maybe a different chef than Sans S. had? The ingredients were very fresh. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to stay near the Convention Center, or just stay off the strip.
5	I really love the people here. Everyone is very nice. The breakfast is made fresh every day.  Omelet bar made fresh every morning. Free drinks here from 530 - 730 pm.Both main bartenders have been here for 17 years. They are great. Exercise room is available.  Treadmill and elliptical machines are a hit.
3	Bathtub clogged on first night. Shuttle bus us Extremely late! Pick up is at half the hour at request only, they don't arrive until at least :45 after the hour. Pickup at the fashion district is beyond late! I've been waiting here since 5:20pm for the 5:30 pick up. It's now 6:40pm. I called the front desk, they said it'll be here in 15 mins. Times a wasting! The drop off/pickup location at the fashion district is 1 mile away .
3	It's an older hotel, off the strip heading to the wrong part of town so a lot of local color nearby.  The rooms are adequate, beds comfy and its cheap.  We got suites with a separate meeting room and kitchen to the bedroom and lounge and for $159 a night that is a bargain if you need meeting space.  We were on a recruitment mission and people enjoyed not having to go the strip.  Parking was free and there was a convenience store right next door.  We did not eat in the hotel.  Definitely not for you if you want glitz and glamor.  Staff were friendly.
3	When we first arrived , we were supper early , I asked if there were any rooms available now and there was, thank god it was so hot ! We got to our rooms n started unpacking . I pulled the sheets back and to my surprise the sheets had not been cleaned ! There was hair and crumbs all over the bed . I grabbed the room phone to call front desk but our phones were not working smh. I called from my phone and the supervisor came right up and had someone change the sheets.The carpet was stained , bathtub somewhat dirty, the walls had some red dye on it . Later on around 3 am I came back to my room , I called front desk to ask about vending machines because I was thirsty , she told me where they were so I went . I arrived at the vending machine and it did not take dollars nor did I have change . I went to the next floor and the machines were out if order . I went up 6 freeking floors and they were all out if order ! WTF! I gave up and went to complain to the front desk , the nice lady gave me a bottle of water from the back. This is not like other embassy suites , this is by far the worst one I have ever been too. However the staff is awesome , but I would never stay here again
2	Over the years I have been a huge Embassy Suites fan, but as of late I haven't had much luck with them.  I booked a night stay at this one a few days ago and I was very disappointed.  When I came in and went to use the toilet, I noticed the water was not running.  I turned it on and it appeared there was a small leak.  I watched it and it didn't seem to be a problem, but when I flushed the toilet it wouldn't stop running.  The stopper in the toilet was broke.  Every time I used the toilet I had to remove the lid and fix the stopper.  Very annoying.  I mentioned to the desk and they said to remind them when I checked out.  Really!  Remind them!  The place just appeared to be dirty over all and every one was a grouch.  Never again at this place and as far as the Embassy Suite chain, 2 out of last 3 were bad bad stays!
4	For the first time in the 20 years I have been going to Vegas, I stayed off strip... here at the Embassy Suites. Two things drove my decision. One, I am sick of the "resort fees" charged by the hotels, and I get comped on my rooms (MLife) so that oughta tell you something. Two, I am an HHonors member and thought I would use some of my points. I had read the reviews on some of the Hilton brand properties and chose this one based on the positive things I had read.SO, the stay was fantastic - not a thing was negative about the stay. The hotel itself is very lovely and located not far off strip. My husband and I are walkers and could have walked to the strip (or taken the Monorail up strip which was super close) but we had a rental, so it was easy to get around. The staff was really nice, particularly at the front desk. Our room was on the eighth floor and we actually had a nice view towards the strip which lights up at night. The room was very comfortable, including the beds. LOVED the bathroom, it was super big. My only negative about the room was it seemed a smidgen outdated, or maybe needed a little upgrade in terms of decor... but not enough to make it a deal breaker at all.There are two bonuses too in staying here - the full breakfast and afternoon happy hour/reception. We did not take advantage of the reception in the afternoon as we were never around long enough but we peeked at it. Lots of snack type foods to munch on (lovely big veggie tray) and it appeared they were serving complimentary wine and beer as long as you had your room key (3rd floor). The breakfast was really good -- its free, remember that folks who like to complain. They make eggs to order (omelet, fried, you name it) and had bacon, sausage, potatoes and french toast. They also have hot oatmeal and cold cereals available, a full toast/bread station, fresh fruit and yogurt and a pastry section. There was a coffee, soda and juice station as well. TIP, on the weekends the breakfast line was NUTS - most were waiting for their 'made to order' eggs... SO move up the line to where the first person is still waiting on those eggs and if you like scrambled, they have a nice big batch pre-made and you don't have to wait in the LONG line.I would totally stay here again, hands down.
3	My stay this time was a little better, they didn't put me in a handicap room.  However I saw foot prints in my bathroom floor so I don't know if the room was cleaned or not.  So who knows.  Unfortunately when I book travel through my company, I don't really have options of where I can stay.
4	i had an unfortunate stay back on labor weekend 2014 and was provided with a discount on my next stay.  denise and bruce were extremely helpful in assisting up with this matter.
4	the hotel and the rooms are clean.but, when we first arrived at our room, it was hot-100 DEGREES!! an employee kindly came and fixed the thermostat and heat.the free breakfast- make sure to be there early, because of the huge line. everything tastes real & fresh.we asked for a bottle of water and they politely gave one to us.overall, i would recommend this hotel.
4	I had a nice stay at The Embassy Suites last weekend. It's located off the strip on Paradise road, but only about 10 minutes or less from the Wynn. Our suite was clean and comfortable and the staff was great with providing extra towels and toiletries. The complimentary breakfast was also great, but it got pretty crowded at certain times so I'd recommend going earlier rather than later to avoid having to wait in the omelet station line.
