3	They have some crazy stuff here.. pigs blood congee.. pigs liver congee.. with the exception of the egg drop soup and the lemon chicken (American style) this place has one of the coolest Asian menu's Ive seen in a long time. The Hot and Sour Soup has shredded pork, nice touch.. chow fun with beef and XO sauce, dried style.. Real deal menu here folks! However the flavors aren't bold enough to be a great Chinese restaurant.. especially with places like Wahsun and ACE that do it way better at lower prices.
4	Decided to stop at Lee Lee today since we were in the neighborhood. The restaurant was open this time so we thought why not try it.The sign at the arch under which you enter says, please wait to be seated. We did and when seated it seemed as though we were dumb for waiting. This sign I assume means nothing since all who came after waited until the wait person waved them on and said sit anywhere. I love the menu as it has a bunch of foods one does not find on other Chinese menus around town. It is also missing a lot of that you do find in all other restaurants.The wait person who was taking our order first came over and asked if there were any questions. I do appreciate this as I am not always familiar and it is nice to be asked rather than seeming stupid.We ordered off of the lunch menu. Both Gus and I got the same thing which in it self is very unusual. We had the L8 BBQ Dual Rice Plate. You get a choice of two selections from the BBQ list. We chose Roast Duck and BBQ Pork. Both were very tasty with very crispy skin. The quantity of meat was much more than I had expected. I also enjoyed the crispy pickled veggies on the side. All in all I was very satisfied with the food and will be back to try some of the more exotic dishes.
5	My lord. The barbequed meats are to die for. We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and sadly, they were sold out of the pork ribs. We went for just the pork. So glad we did. Sweet, spicy, smoky -- everyone was there. We were seated near the pick up counter for bbq, and they were doing brisk business with the local Asian population. Every few minutes, someone would come by and order a duck, or a piece of pork. I am not at all surprised.To follow, we ordered a medium egg drop soup. It was humungous! The fish bowl sized serving could have easily served four. It was also quite delicious. Good and eggy, without being goopy.Finally, we enjoyed some beef chow fun with XO sauce. Oh my. It kind of reminded me of my beloved pad kee mao, without the Thai flavors of basil and anise. The dish consisted of broad rice noodles in a spicy brown sauce, with thin, tender slices of beef, and green onions. I wished I had more room in my belly in which to fit it.In addition to our delicious entrees, the little things were just right too. The rice was perfectly sticky. The tea, warm and toasty. I think it might had been hoji-cha. The icing on the cake was the bill. For such wonderful food, served in such generous portions, our bill was $31 for two people. Not only that, it's about 2 miles from my house. I am truly on cloud nine.
4	Roast pig ftw! Crab puffs and bbq duck are happiness in mouth. Never want to leave Lee x2. Pickled veggies, so good. I am not original : - (
2	I go to Lee Lee's every week. I've taken food to go twice from this place. Today, I decided to eat in for business meeting. Lunch special was $7~10. It took few minutes for them to take our drink order even though there weren't that many people. My partner ordered pork cutlet, I ordered seafood and chicken in white creamy sauce and singapore noodle. The waiter was very pushy and rushed us to order. He took my menu before I finished ordering. (after I ordered seafood, he took menu before I ordered noodle...) I wish lunch special came with soup or something, but it didn't come with anything else but white rice and cup of entree. Portion wasn't that big either. I was bit disappointed with the sauce. It tasted like alfredo sauce. Not what I wanted in a chinese restaurant. Maybe it's just me. If someone who's reading this review like creamy white sauce, the sauce itself wasn't bad. It just isn't my favorite. I guess I didn't read the "creamy" part of description. I wanted white garlic sauce, which is more clear sauce with chunks of garlic in it. Singapore noodle was good. Veggies were crispy, not too overcooked. (I hate mushy bean sprouts) Good amount of curry seasoning. After reading some of the reviews here, I'll try BBQ pork next time. One more thing before I wrap this up. They auto-grat 15% in our tab. Party of 2. That gives them 2 star, not 4. It goes back to tip talk few weeks back. I, as a customer should decide how much, not a server. I peeked the table next to us as I was walking out, their tab also had tip included, party of 3. Food was decent. Auto-grat for party of 2 turned me off. I'll go back to takeout option.
1	This is the third time I eat here. We came here because my wife like to shop at Lee Lee.the first time was good authentic Chinese food. Small portion for the price, but I accept it, I figure they have hi overhead. The second time, less authentic ...but still Chinese food, small portion as compare to other Chinese place.Last week, they probably have a janitor cooking in the kitchen.  No wonder they have empty dinning room.I won't be eating here again,...not anytime soon.
4	Taste: 5 stars.  The food here is delicious.  I have only eaten here once, but I went with a group of four, each of us ordering a separate dish.  We ordered the honey walnut shrimp, baby bok choy, some kind of chow mein (the name of it escapes me now), and a fish dish.  I opted out of the fish dish but everything else was exquisite and came in decent sized portions.  The honey walnut shrimp had decent sized pieces of shrimp that were cooked nicely.  They were a little tough for my preference now that I think back, but in no way did that impede my enjoyment of the dish.  The sauce spread over the shrimp was sweet but not too heavy and the walnuts were toasted to give an amazing counter balance to the texture of the shrimp.  The baby bok choy was made to perfection, and as a lover of garlic, the dish touched close to my heart with bits of friend garlic sprinkled on top, bursting with flavor that complimented the bok choy perfectly once mastication started in my mouth.  The chow mein was definitely something I was not used to.  The noodles were thinner, fried, and the vegetables on it were in a little bit of what looked like a starchy cream sauce.  A little bland to taste at first, I wasn't sure what to think of the dish, but the more I ate it, the more the "blandness" turned into an appreciation for the different and simple components of the dish.  Everyone at my table was extremely happy and when we gave our compliments to our waiter, he informed us proudly that their chef was straight from Hong Kong.  He even told us a story about how the chef shakes his head in disappointment when people come in, requesting beef and broccoli and other dishes of the like.  Their response to these requests?  "There's a Panda Express down the street but if you want real Chinese food, then stay."  Service:  3.5 stars.  I'm kind of conflicted trying to score this.  The staff was very nice, the hostess and waiter were extremely polite and both were attentive and very helpful, but nothing seemed extraordinary.  Nothing really seemed to stand out as either good or bad.  They did their job and they did it well, but other than that, there was little interaction.  The best part about the service was the story our waiter told us at the end of our meal.  I really appreciated the interaction he finally gave us but it was after we had already paid.Environment:  3.5 stars.  The restaurant is very clean and is separated from the rest of the market enough that you feel like you are actually eating at a restaurant.  They did a great job making a restaurant in the corner of a supermarket but with the cooks tucked away in a room where you can't see them and only two people working the floor, I didn't get much from the environment of the place.  Maybe it was also because when we went, the restaurant was dead.  Lee Lee's restaurant is a great place to grab a bite with friends.  I highly recommend going with friends so you can do what I did and split up dishes and taste multiple ones.  I hope that this place picks up in popularity.  The vast population of Caucasians in the greater Phoenix area should add a bit of culture into their lives and give this place a try.  All of the Americanized Asians (such as myself) and all other ethnicities should do the same. Because the food was so great and that, quite frankly, is what is most important, I am going to round up for my final star total.  4 stars.Oh one more note, they only accept Visa!
4	Great little restaurant! The waitstaff is always pleasant.  Service is fast. And food is YUMMY! Our favorite dishes here are the Yang Chow Fried Rice, Beef Chow Fun and Baby Bok Choy.
3	This is a restaurant inside of Lee Lee Oriental Market.  You can usually get a table pretty quickly as it's not always packed.The food is average, not the greatest, but still decent.  Most things on the menu is pretty standard to what you commonly see on other Chinese menus.  You do get a good selection. I would presume that the food is prepared fresh every time since it's located in a market. I would come back considering I'm 2 minutes away. Hehe. =)
4	The food is good there. We ordered a ton of food like usual: wonton noodle soup - wontons were perfectly firm not too soft, noodles were the Chinese version of al dente, and a good soup base. bbq pork noodle soup - the bbq pork was pretty good, the noodles and soup base is the same as above. beef stew noodle soup - the flavor of the beef stew was disappointing not enough of the earthy flavor you expect to get, the noodles and soup base is the the same as above. the peking spare ribs; roast duck and roast pork - the flavors was right on! reminded me of Hong Kong. The only thing against this place is that is in in Lee Lee. The smells of the seafood is not too pleasant and the flies drove me nuts.
2	Lee Lee's supermarket is pretty amazing it's really huge and with all the varieties of groceries and produce meats seafood, you could really spend an entire evening there shopping in amazed confusion and delight, this review is NOT however for LEE LEE the market this is for "Hope Kee" the little restaurant inside the market.as far as Chinese restaurants go this place was really just nothing special. Big portions for entrees hovering around $10 all a tad greasy but not in a bad way.I happened to order some Yu Shan Eggplant that came in a bubbling clay pot, my grandmother ordered some Baby Bok Choy in Garlic Sauce, My sister the lettuce wraps, and brother got the bbq chicken and duck, my mom decides on some pot stickers.All in all the food was tasty, and i enjoyed myself. As far as chinese restaurants go it wasnt really bad but nothing stellar.Here's where the real problem came in. The bill arrives, and there is an automatic 15% gratuity already deducted, we were told for parties of 4 or more, however nowhere on the menu was this listed. My mom flips and spends the next 30 minutes arguing with the waitress, requesting her card's transaction reversed, and the automatic gratuity taken off. At this point i was shopping in the supermarket looking at cookies and room temperature mochi. After a few minutes of shopping w/ my little sister, a few more minutes sitting in the car w/ my brother my matriarchs return triumphant in their war of tipping etiquette w/ the waitress and they vow never to return again.Personally i had no problem with the place, but ooh do not cross my mother or grandmother when it comes to a restaurant bill, cause they will cut a bitch's throat for $2I probably wont be coming back here for fear my mom will disown me
4	Tried 2 years ago and forgot about it.  Recently been visiting family in the West valley, and all the sudden, I've gotten to try many dishes from here.  The Chinese roasted white pork and Singapore noodles are particularly good.Especially for $1 more than the pho joint across the street, I'm getting alot tastier food and heartier helping.
4	I frequently shop at the great Lee Lee market and have often eyed this restaurant, I thankfully had some time while waiting for some watch batteries to be replaced at the adjacent jewelers to eat lunch at Hop Kee.Now, first off I am (as they say) a woman with certain endowments who should know better than to wear a white shirt to an Asian restaurant but I really did not plan it out correctly...usually this ruins my experience 'cuz I'm such a dummy but not this time.Singapore noodles are sort of a hard dish-it's either oily and flavorless flourescent yellow with shoe-leather pork or an incredible marriage of char siu and curry.  Hop Kee was certainly leaning toward the latter.  I really liked this dish, so much so I wore some home without shame!!
5	Best authentic chinese food you are going to find in AZ. I am chinese so I would know first hand what good chinese food consists of. Their roast duck and bbq pork rivals even the best sam woo bbq dishes from LA.Hope Kee's chefs are actually from Hong Kong so they know the cuisine like the back of their hands. Try their BBQ or garlic chicken and prepare your taste buds for a crazy ride!
3	This place is authentic, but the food is just average.  We often stop in here for lunch because it is convenient when shopping at Lee Lee's (the restaurant is located inside Lee Lee's).  Usually, we just order the soup noodle dishes; the beef brisket soup noodle or the wonton soup noodle.  The beef brisket soup noodle is served with wide rice noodles.  The flavor is good, but the dish is inconsistent from trip to trip; sometimes the tendons are a bit tough (probably wasn't stewed long enough).  The wonton noodle soup is served with thin egg noodles and is okay.  On our most recent trip (2011-05-01), we tried the duck soup noodle; we were not impressed; it was with slivers of duck meat instead of full slices of duck pieces.  We've tried other main dishes (chow mein, chow fun, fried rice, Singapore noodles, clay pots, etc.); good, but nothing really stands out.  One nice thing here is you can order from the BBQ counter to take home chinese roast pork, roast duck, roast pork, etc.  Price-wise, it is reasonable for what you get.  Service is what you'd expect in a chinese restaurant.  Overall, it's just a solid but average authentic chinese restaurant.
5	"If you buy half a duck, you don't get to pick which duck."I lived in China, mainly Guangdong, for three years, and all it really took was a look at this sign, along of course with all the wonderful roasted ducks and pork, to know I had come across a place with bona fides. Hope Kee has some of the very best Chinese food in town, in my opinion, and is worth the trip from wherever it is in the valley that you live. I don't know anywhere else in town you can get such good congee, which is actually called "zhou" or "jook," and which is a soupy, delicious rice porridge.  They're also one of the only places you can get dried scallop soup, which they do an excellent job of. Dried scallops, a specialty of HK/Guangdong, are one of the most delicious things in the world. Everything that they make is delicious, and sitting in there listening to the customers and staff talk in Chinese and Cantonese can really take you back to China, if you've had the pleasure of spending time there. Otherwise it's just about as close as you can get. If you want to eat some real Chinese food that is both delicious and approachable, and very reasonably priced, you can't beat Hope Kee. Get some soup or some congee, some clams with black bean sauce, some greens and some BBQ, and you'll see why China and Hope Kee are such hard places to stay away from. If you do decide to try your hand at duck-picking and buy a whole duck, fear not for wasted leftovers, because roasted duck makes for a very tasty soup.
1	I completely forgot about my experience 2 years ago and went back to eat  again...This time, they didn't list the auto-grat in bill. Instead, they just added to the credit card bill after wards!!My bill was $26.04, I put $28.00 in total, my statement says $30.04. They didn't like what I wrote for tip, so they gave themselves a little more. I left little for a reason. They didn't do anything to serve us! All they did was took the order, brought the food (not even at the same time. 3 meals came in 3 different times.) And the bill. No refill, no checking on how we're doing, or how the food tasted, or need anything else! Keep your receipt and check your account to make sure they don't add more amount than you wrote in.I'm not concerned about $2 they added more, it's the principle of the fact that they did it. Very bad way to do business. A scam.
5	I love this place!!!This is a hidden gem inside an Asian market place. One of the things that surprised me was their workers spoke English very well (in my experience, this isn't common). The service I received from this place was Super Excellent. The food and the service makes me want to come back.The best thing I ate from this place is their Fried Pork with Seasoned Salt and Jalapeno (perfectly cooked and so tasty!)...broccoli with garlic sauce (you just can't go wrong with this mix)...and I had their combination of roasted duck, pork, and BBQ pork (I thought this was just okay). I would definitely recommend this place and will come back again!
3	They have some of the best roast duck in the West Valley.Ambiance is average and could be cleaner.  Meals are good comfort food and on-par value wise.  Staff is nice, though they can forget you for extended periods.  Mind you, they appear busy and are around.  They just go past.  Don't be shy and do what you do in Taipei or Hong Kong and call+gesture them over if needed.  Also, note that they do auto-tip themselves even if your group consists of two adults and four kids for the total of six.  Their pho is good, but not great.  Broth and vegetables just don't have a lot f taste to make the meal memorable.Kids can do fine here.  Our little girl just commented a few times how they needed to clean up more.  This coming from a three year-old... lol
3	We've been here several times and the food is good.  However, I just kind of noticed this time around their variety on the menu wasn't a whole lot.  I guess in the past I never noticed b'c there was always something new to try but this time around I just felt like there wasn't a good variety.  If you are thinking about coming here for the first time though, it's a good place to check out.  Yummy flavor.4 stars for the yummy food 2 stars for the customer service-the waiter just had a "I don't care" type attitude and I felt like I was trying really hard to be nice to him!  What?!3 stars for the variety of food on the menu
3	They are indeed closed and the space is now a Vietnamese restaurant.
1	Pricey food+ unflavored =disaster!!!Pls go ahead and just eat on mcdo.,.ull thank me later.
