5	I cannot recommend Dr. Dembicer highly enough.  I've never met a chiropractor also trained in massage, so just imagine.  I am a massage therapist of 25 years so I know chiropractors AND massage therapists..  Not only are his hands incredibly strong and gifted, but I've never quite had an adjustment like his.  He is so thorough and determined to make you feel your absolute best.  He can find things out of line I didn't even know could happen.  He is a true diamond in the rough.  But the best part is, he comes to you!  What chiropractor does that?  I threw my back out before I drove to vegas so by the time I arrived, I was already a mess and came to town to WORK, so I was desperate! Doctor Josh took charge and really is a master.  He even gave me a great mini massage on my low back which was really killing me.  Wow is all I can say.  I predict he will be phenomenally successful in Las Vegas since the number one reason people end up in their offices is because of freaks in the bedroom.  True story.  He will even go to hotels and for that service his rates are so reasonable!
5	Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.  If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.  He takes a holistic approach to your good health.  So glad to find in vegas!
5	Josh is a great chiropractor. He takes the time necessary to consult about your specific alignment issues and to adjust. The best part is he goes to your home or work, very convenient too! And, he doesn't just talk the talk, he walks the walk too -  living a healthy lifestyle.
5	Simply the best!Saw Josh for years going back to when he was in Florida. Really knows what he's doing and can't recommend him enough.
5	Ahhh, I feel So much better now! I've been following Dr. Josh for Years and so happy he's mobile now!I hurt my back so i called Dr. J right away. We were scheduled to meet at my house at 6 but my car battery died 30 min before our appointment.  He waited an extra hour for me tonight.  His 20 + years experience really shows
5	Dr. Dembicer is a great chiropractor. He is excellent at pinpointing there areas that cause chronic pain and addressing them immediately. He cares about his patients, and is precise and effective in his manipulations. I have bounced on and off with chiropractors in the past, but I must say I have no plans of going anywhere else. Dr. Dembicer, you are the best!
5	I've seen several chiropractors in the Las Vegas area over the last 16 years and various results. In the past, I haven't really seen the results I've hope for (feeling good and pain free!), so I haven't gone on a regular basis. I was feeling out of alignment a few weeks ago and decided to give Dr. Dembicer a try. First of all, he takes a very precise medical history and listens and asks questions to discover the possible source of any pain. Then, during the adjustment, you can just tell that he is analyzing every part in order to find what needs to be realigned. This wasn't the five second assembly line adjustment I was used to. He pressed against my neck/shoulders and I could feel the epicenter of the pain. After he adjusted my neck, the pain and tenderness was completely gone. I didn't even know that things like wrists could need adjusting. After my adjustment, I felt great, and I still do today, a few weeks later. This was the best adjustment I've ever had.  I will be seeing Dr. Dembicer on a regular basis because I did finally get the results I was hoping for.Oh yes, and his rates are very reasonable and he makes house calls! You really can't beat that!
5	I have known josh for over 25 years.  He is a caring warm individual and has always been in tune to physical needs and ailments.  Highly recommended.
5	Dr. Dembicer is a great chiropractor.He is one of the few mobile chiropractors in the state. He will come to your location. In a relatively short period of time, I have had significant improvement. I have greater flexibility in almost all areas of movement. I have gone from some pain and discomfort to no pain or discomfort. My energy and stamina are improved. I am very pleased with the progress I have made.Dr. Dembicer is very gentile and knowledgeable. I highly recommend him.
5	Really enjoyed my adjustment with Dr. Josh. He is very knowledgeable and spends a lot of time with his patients. I have worked professionally as a stuntwoman for the last 20 years and have been to many chiropractors for adjustments. Dr Josh Dembicer is definitely one of the best. Thanks so much Dr. Josh! Please let me know when you travel into the Los Angeles area again. : )
5	This was my first time having an adjustment by Josh and he was amazing!  I have lower back issues and neck issues so I have gone over the years to chiropractors and have had various results.  I loved the fact he sat and talked first to find out what problems I was having and then based his treatment on my input instead of just doing a very generic alignment.  He aligned parts I didn't know could be aligned that no one had ever adjusted before!  I feel soo much better and plan on getting alignments more regularly!
5	I had a very sore neck and lower back, after travelling around the US for over a month.  I stopped in at Las Vegas for a week, and booked 3 appointments with Dr Dembicer.Conveniently Dr Dembicer makes house calls, so each appointment was held in my hotel room.  Very handy for working in with my holiday plans.  I am impressed with Dr Dembicer's techniques and results.  He is very attentive, precise and knows what he is doing.  I am pleased to say that my neck and back pain have subsided and my range of motion in my neck has greatly improved.The sessions were in depth and thorough. A range of stretching, mobility exercises and adjustments were incorporated.Dr Dembicer also taught me some basic exercises to do while travelling.  To avoid getting myself into this state again.I have had neck and back pain before, which was aggravated by travelling.  My Chiro back home would have had to perform at least 6 sessions to get me back to normal.  However I noticed large improvement after the first session.  After the 3 sessions, I am  truly impressed at the results.
5	Dr. Dembicer is one of a kind. How many Doctors do you know that will travel to your location? He is very knowledgeable and really takes his time to make sure you feel better. I highly recommend him and his services.
5	Went in for an adjustment and came out with such an amazing experience. Dr. Josh was very professional. He was very attentive to my injuries and did several different types of adjustments on me. Some, I had never experienced before.I highly recommend this service.
5	Dr Josh is THE BEST!! Not just the best in Vegas but the best on the West Coast, I just wish I could fly Josh with me everywhere. Josh will also travel to you! What more could you ask for, he's also a great genuine guy to boot. Highly recommended!!
5	Dr. Josh is awesome! He takes the time to talk to you about the issues you're having, gives you insights into why you might be having them, teaches you exercises to help strengthen the muscles in your problem areas, an all-around total health practitioner! Highly recommend, I feel relaxed and completely mobile after his adjustments.
5	Dr. Josh saved my trip to vegas! I've had back issues for years and had 5 ribs go out of place while on vacation in Vegas. I couldn't move my arm or breathe properly. I called Dr. Josh in tears and he was able to squeeze me in within the hour. He took proper time to diagnose me and make sure I felt comfortable. After treating me, all of my ribs were in place and my back felt amazing!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Dembicer for about 5 months.  I injured my back many years ago and about 4 years ago I started experiencing pain in my left hip and leg which was traced back to the back injury.  My Dr. prescribed a medication which was good for nerve pain, and it helped.  I also started seeing a Chiropractor, and it helped things stay stable.  I switch to Dr. Dembicer because of his approach and his program which combines stretching with Chiropractic adjustments.  It has helped a lot.  I still have a ways to go to get the flexibility I would like, but the pain has diminished and I stopped taking the medication after the 2nd session with Dr. Dembicer, and the pain is no worse, actually less, than when I was on the medication and seeing the other Chiropractor.
5	Thank you for the very thorough adjustments! Very personalized care. I have been enjoying the benefits of Chiropractic care for over 30 years now and Josh is GREAT.
5	I have been to chiropractors on four different continents. Some of them have literally been at the top of their field in the countries they were in. I've been a frequent chiropractic patient since 2000. Josh is the very best chiropractor I have ever experienced. He was the most attentive, the most thorough, and applied  techniques that I've never had performed before, such as resetting rib heads.On this trip to Las Vegas my back felt so flaky that I actually traveled with crutches. Not only did Josh put me fully back in place, he also taught me some critical exercises to help stabilize me going forward.I'm going to be back in Vegas in mid October and I plan to hire him again to teach me some of the other exercises. I only wish this guy was in Florida where I live. He has my highest recommendation.
5	I recently had some lower back spasms that were followed by neck and hip pain. I'd never seen a chiropractor before, but I found Dr. Dembicer here on Yelp and went to his website. After I filled out the contact form, he called me back the next day and set up an appointment for the day after that.Immediately after my appointment I felt mostly better, moving around was comfortable again, and my neck and hip just felt like they had some residual swelling and minor pain that is going away as I type this.I am definitely going to be seeing Dr. Dembicer again (my next appointment is in 2 weeks), and I am likely to start seeing him regularly. Couldn't be happier with my first-ever experience with chiropractic care.
5	I came to Vegas on vacation and a lower back issue was so bad I looked for help online. I found Dr Josh on Yelp and read the reviews. He came to my room after I called at 8:30 am. He was here by 10:30 to address a lower back and hip problem that started 3 weeks ago. I already feel better already and i usually don't write reviews unless I am thoroughly impressed, which I was. Very professional and knows what he is doing! I highly recommend him. Tom
5	Let me start off by saying I was very skeptical about chiropractors as I've been told once you see one you would have to always continue to see one, but not with Dr. Josh. He educates you on the factors leading to your pain and discomfort as well as teaches you exercises to strengthen and relieve you. I had lower back pain for years from bad posture and 8 years of sitting in my work vehicle for long periods of time. It was to the point that I stopped all the physical things I enjoyed like going to the gym or even taking on jobs that dealt with manual labor. Once my back started acting up during the day, I would pretty much not want to do anything in fear of getting sharp shooting pains across my whole lower back. After my first adjustment with Dr. Josh things started to get better. The first one started the healing process it was slow but the pain was slightly less. Once the second and third adjustments were made, there was a big difference. I can now go on through out my day without having to think about my pain. I would heavily recommend his services. The fact that he comes to you is a big plus and works around your schedule. What more could you ask for? You will not regret it and the only thing you have to lose is the pain.
5	Wow, good job.. Dad took a fall and dislocated some ribs.  He was in a lot of pain.  Dr josh came over to the flamingo hotel room and popped the ribs back into place.  Very efficient...highly recommend.  Walked thru the whole process describing every step.
