2	They helped me but not really. I was asking about my a/c unit and they kinda were confused or something. Or maybe I was either way i did not get the right answers or products.
5	I recently went to this Autozone because my check engine light was on.  While I was waiting to be helped, I had noticed one of the employees outside helping an older gentleman replace something, maybe a headlight.  When they were finished, I noticed they shook hands and the customer left very happy.  Then, it was my turn.  I told the employee, Randy, why I was in and he immediately came out to check the codes.  While we were out there, I mentioned to him that I wanted to address this issue so I could then fix the whistling sound I was hearing from the engine. Randy immediately asked me to pop the engine so he could take a look.  Within a minute, he identified the problem.  Without my asking, he said he'd be back & returned with a replacement hose, installing it for me.  It was then that I realized this type of service was just protocol for Randy.  He truly enjoys helping others.  A side benefit is he is the reason why customers will return.Many times when visiting autoparts stores, it seems to me that the employees are disinterested in helping their customers really understand and resolve their concerns.  Their role is to solely identify the correct replacement part and sell it to you.  After this, you are on your own.  If you are lucky enough to visit this Autozone while Randy is working, I am confident you will leave a more informed & satisfied customer.  Thanks, Randy, for putting in the little extra effort that makes a big difference!!
3	It's an auto parts store.  Duh.  This particular location is fairly small, but they seem to have many of the basics.  Anything you need for oil changes, radiators, etc.  Plus some extras like license plate frames and covers, headlight lens cleaners, etc.  The few times I've been here the staff has been pleasant and helpful.  No complaints.
4	The guy got me exactly what I needed and had me on my way.
1	Was very unhappy after just going yesterday. My husband dropped off our battery to see if it needed recharged and we said we would be back in a couple hours. "we are trying to see if we had a bad battery or alternator" ..... so I come back to get battery the guy goes what kind of battery you have... i say I dont know my husband brought it in. I asked do you guys put a name on them, he goes usually then brings me a battery thinking it's mine.... i then asked how do you know if its mine .. he goes it must be ... I then called my husband and he said we had a walmart battery... this one was but just the attitude and not caring wether they gave me the right battery or not made me never want to go there again... even the manager on duty did not seem to care .. like well here is a battery and its good so be on .. like I was annoying him .... long story short always loved auto zone .......but not this one .....
5	I have purchased from this location several times and have always got great service.  This past Sunday, they were spot on in their price for the fan clutch and new radiator I purchased and really helped with the tools I borrowed.I have seen the employees out in the parking lot performing free diagnostic checks on multiple occasions and even performing repairs.
3	I received GREAT customer service over the phone, but that's where it stopped.  I came in to get my $5 part, and was informed over the phone they could install for me, seeing as I am car illiterate. They started to help, and then just seemed to vanish back into the store. 45 min later I was good to go.  I left with a 50/50 shot that I will ever use this location again.  Sucks because it is so close to home, but... I might drive an extra 3-5 miles to another location and hope for better results.
5	I had an excellent experience at this AutoZone store this evening and felt I should share it. My wife and I stopped there to buy a replacement headlight bulb for her car just as it was getting dark. The person behind the counter tried to look up our car in their system by both model and VIN to see what type of bulb it takes. It was unclear because we have an unusual station-wagon model that shares few parts with the much more common sedan. Although AutoZone's system should have differentiated this model from the sedan, we run into this issue frequently.I returned to the car and tried to remove the bulb so that I could read the number on it. The instructions in the owner's manual were worthless, and it was clear this was not a straightforward situation. I went back into the store, explained what had happened, apologized, and said I would probably have to take the car to the dealer.Immediately, another AutoZone employee named Randy volunteered to come out and remove the bulb himself. It was clear that he had replaced many light bulbs in the past, but our car was a challenge for him too. It required the use of a Phillips screwdriver and socket wrench, and even then the headlight assembly, which was supposed to come out, barely budged. I kept telling him that he didn't need to torture himself in this manner and that I would take the car to the dealer the next morning. But he persisted--at least 15 minutes, I would guess--until the bulb finally came out. After I bought the correct new bulb, Randy came back out and replaced the bulb for me and ensured that it was working.As he was getting ready to close the hood, Randy found another surprise: Our engine was leaking antifreeze. He showed me the dried antifreeze that covered the front of the engine. It wasn't clear whether the leak was sudden or slow, but the radiator fluid reservoir was completely empty and then some. So I bought some antifreeze and topped off the reservoir so we could get home without risking further damage to the engine. Several people have worked on our car lately and hadn't mentioned it, and we have seen no stains on our garage floor. So we might have driven the car a long time before noticing the problem had it not been for Randy.As I write this review, we have not yet had the opportunity to schedule an appointment with a mechanic to troubleshoot the leak. We may never know whether the leak shortened the life of the engine. But you can bet we are grateful that Randy noticed it. Needless to say, he went way above and beyond the call of duty to help us.One thing worth adding: Although I know next to nothing about cars, a friend of mine is a part-time mechanic who works on cars when he's not in the office doing things that pay far better. My friend has told me more than once that the people who work at this AutoZone really know their stuff and that he buys most of his parts from them.
