5	In this world of automotive repair shop scammers, it's refreshing to find a car repair shop & automotive technicians that pride themselves on being fair, ethical, honest and professional.Andre with Toyoworks is awesome. He's a certified, officially trained Toyota technician that used to work for a Toyota dealership.He's always honest and upfront about everything, including what options you have regarding maintenance and repairs on your car.If you have a problem that doesn't necessarily require immediate attention or repair, he'll let you know that. Most other shops would tell you that all problems need repair immediately, even if they don't.If you need a new part that's very expensive direct from Toyota, he'll tell you that you can get it on the cheap at a junkyard if you want that option.His service is always superb, friendly and professional. All of my experiences (including multiple repairs & maintenance) have been superb with Toyoworks. If you've got a Toyota, you should make them your go-to automotive shop.
5	Integrity = Repeat Business I took my '08 Toyota Highlander to the dealership. The pre-paid service I got with the car had expired. After the warranty repairs were complete I was told my brakes needed replacing because they were running low. (3.5) To repair the front and rear brakes at Power Toyota in Tempe would cost something close to $600.00 and they wanted to know if I wanted to OK the repair. I told them no and got on Yelp to find someone other than a dealer to work on my SUV. Toyoworks was recommended to me by Tate at Hon-Man. Andre was great in accommodating my appointment. His shop was clean and orderly. I asked for him to also look into doing a 60,000 mile service since he was going to be working on the brakes anyway. I also told him i was going on a road trip and wanted to make sure the SUV was good to go for the trip. I gave him my keys and got a ride back to work. Only a couple hours later he called me back. He said the brakes still had several thousand miles left to go and about a 1000 more miles to go before needing a 60 K service. He said, if the car was his, he would just wait on the repairs and service and the SUV was fine for the Vegas road trip. When I picked up the car he said there was no charge. Andre could have easily hit me for $400 and I would have been happy to pay for it figuring I was getting a deal compared to the Toyota dealership. Instead, he was honest and I'm definitely taking my Toyota to him from now on. He's earned my trust and respect which is hard to come by in regards to my vehicle. I'm planning on having Toyoworks take care of my brakes when I get back and do the 60 K service. If you have a Toyota that is out of warranty, definitely take it to Toyoworks for service and repairs.
5	One word- AWESOME!Very honest and knowledgeable. Great prices, excellent work & excellent customer service. Very clean shop, nice waiting area (much appreciated)Took my Lexus IS in for brakes, was told by Lexus dealership that I needed rotars and it would cost  $775. They told me I had a few hundred miles to go and I would grinding metal. After deciding their prices were ridiculous I found Toyoworks.Andre took a look at my car, he said the rotars were good to for another 30-60K!I found my new mechanic!
5	I needed some work done on my '01 Lexus GS430 and stumbled upon this shop on Yelp. Set up an appointment with Andre, he was super nice and found what another shop had already told me was wrong with the car (needed lower control arm no. 2 replaced on passenger and driver side). He did this at no charge and quoted me about $75 lower than the other shop which was supposedly giving me a "deal" with their price for being a repeat customer.I wasn't done trying to get a better price on the work, so I took to the internet to find the parts needed and found them cheaper online.. Scheduled another appointment to have the work done only to find out I bought 2 of the SAME part! Luckily for me Andre ordered the part AND gave me a 15% discount on it AND still had the work done by the time he said he would!Andre was very professional, the price was affordable and the shop was very clean.. I will DEFINITELY be taking my car into Toyoworks for all my maintenance!
5	First off, know that I'm a skeptical guy by nature.  I sort out attorneys for a living as a lawsuit funder so have developed a keen sense of when someone is trying to pull the wool over my eyes .  I met Andre (the owner of Toyoworks) in 2006 when I brought him my 2002 Land Cruiser after getting two separate quotes both over $2,000 to fix stripped spark plugs stuck in my engine.  The others said they'd need to replace part of my engine when Andre took the time to problem solve and removed all my spark plugs damage free for just over $200.  Since then I've exclusively taken my car to Andre countless times.  Not too long ago. Andre said that my car needed some expensive repairs.  I trust Andre, but know he knows that... so I decided to play it safe and get an opinion from another mechanic.  He diagnosed my car with the same issues that Andre did and was going to charge me more for the same repair.   Andre has come though for me every time throughout the years.  His integrity and moral code are rare to find in a mechanic and any man in general.
5	This is my favorite auto repair shop ever. I have a 2003 Corolla with 160K plus miles and really don't aspire to spend a lot of money to keep it going. Andre has very patiently and inexpensively nursed it along without going out of his way to find excuses to bill me for repairs. I am a cynic by nature and consider going to an auto repair shop akin to visiting a dentist, so Toyoworks has been an incredibly pleasant surprise. I may just keep the Corolla to 200K miles simply because I trust these guys. I highly recommend this business.
5	I had previously owned a Toyota Tacoma which I loved, but I never had a good mechanic.  Then my last car was a BMW which I referred to as break my wallet until I found Scott's Motor Werks.  Scott was the most honest shop I ever went to and after 248,000 miles on my BMW, I decided it was time to retire it.  I didn't want another BMW due to the many little things that seem to go wrong with them.  So I decided to go back to my old trusted Toyota and bought a used 4Runner with 89,000 miles.  My biggest concern was were I was going to go for service.  When I bought the 4Runner, I knew it had an antifreeze leak, but I wasn't sure if it was the obvious hose which looked like it had signs of seepage or the water pump which often goes out around 90,000 miles.After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decide to take my new used vehicle to Andre.  Andre was very honest and his pricing was very good compared to the other places I checked.  Andrew discovered the previous owner had installed a generic hose which he said often have issues.  So I had him replace it because I figured at the price he was going to do it, it wasn't worth my time and effort.  I am very happy with the service, price, and expertise at Toyoworks.  I'm happy to say that I found a repair shop that make's me feel as confortable as I did at Scott's.  Having been to many bad shops in Phoenix and dealerships, it's great to find someone like Andre.
5	I can't say enough good things about Toyoworks!  I was having issues with my front brakes as well as the air conditioner in my 2003 Highlander.  I was worried it was going to cost a fortune to fix but couldn't bear to spend another day in a hot car in Phoenix.  Andre charged less than half of what I was charged to fix the back brakes and pads (just a month before at Sun Devil Auto).  Also, instead of completely overhauling the A/C, he made a simple fix that completely took care of the problem and saved me a huge expense.  He took the time to listen to my concerns and addressed them all.  I feel like I am driving a new car, now!  Not only did he fix the brakes and air, I can tell that he also worked on the alignment (but without mentioning it or charging me for it).  My car drives like a dream.  I have never had such an experience with auto repair.  I'm so impressed that I have been telling all my friends to bring their cars to Andre.  You can be confident that he will be attentive, honest and do QUALITY work on your car!
5	Had a great experience with this mechanic. He is honest and reliable and he did exactly what he said he would do. I would recommend him very highly! He is very trustworthy! I went to him based on the reviews on Yelp and I am glad I did.
5	Very honest and trustworthy mechanic! As a female I know how mechanics can take advantage of us but Andre is such an honest mechanic! I've taken my car, a 2002 Toyota Camry in on multiple occasions and he only does what is needed. Back in 2012 my engine light went off and 2 solenoid panels needed to be repaired. Andre was not comfortable with repairing this part of the transmission so he recommended me to go to a transmission specific shop AND he never charged me for the diagnostic check to boot!! Seriously, this shop rocks!
5	My Lexus was leaking a fluid.  Called Andre and he gave me a time to bring it in later that morning.  He did a test drive and put it up on the rack and diagnosed the problem as shock fluid.  He could not tell me why it happened however suggested to monitor it and see if it happens again and if so bring it in to get the shocks replaced.  Andre took the time to spray down the shock to remove the residue.  I asked him how much he would charge for today and said "no charge."  It is hard to find an honest mechanic these days but I know one when I meet one.  I will only bring my Lexus to Andre going forwards!
5	Suggestions :Book an Appointment. Have a lowered car?  Definetely book an appointment in advance. Andre was honest when I got in. He said he would try to squeeze me into their time slot. Dealership quality service at a small shop location. Will probably do my major work at this location.
5	The folks at Toyoworks have been very fair, courteous, honest and most importantly haven't tried to "up sell" services to me. I highly recommend them for service at a fair and reasonable price.
5	Andre and team are fantastic.  Totally honest, no BS, and efficient.  The waiting area is clean, nice, and has wifi.  It's worth the drive if you aren't near them.  They service a Lexus and a Toyota for me and have never tried to scam me or sell me unneeded service, unlike Right Toyota.  If I could give them 10 stars, I would.
5	What a great shop! Our 2001 lexus failed the emission test this year, the estimate from lexus was close to $1k, toyoworks was half that. Unfortunately another problem developed during that repair, (not their fault, age of vehicle)  Andre went way out of his way to fix it at a very minimal cost. Can't say enough good things about how we were treated.
5	Andre did a great job on my vintage Land Cruiser. Work done as promised and on time for a very reasonable price. Couldn't be happier, and my truck drives great.
5	At 90,000 miles, other than oil changes and filters, I had not had any work done on my '08 Tacoma thinking, "I really don't want to go to the dealership, but... "  Found Toyoworks via Yelp.  Here is a locally-owned shop specializing in Toyota and Lexus.  They do quality work at a very reasonable price.  Andre, the owner, is a nice guy who returns phone calls and explains things well, not pushy at all.  The customer - as a person - is important to him.  What a relief to find a good shop with people like Andre.
5	I brought my Lexus to Toyoworks as a result of the preceding Yelp reviews, and can see why they are all 5 stars.   In a business in which trust is often at issue, Andre and his entire crew go the extra mile to demonstrate the work that they did (in my case they even took photos and showed me on an iPad the existing damage and resulting repair), and communicated throughout the process so that I knew what work was being done and why. On top of that, they could have taken advantage of a check engine light by proposing that it was a more significant problem, when it was in fact an inexpensive gas cap that resolved the issue. Great work, on time, and with comfort and trust, all at a reasonable rate... what more could you ask for from a mechanic.
5	I'm very protective of my 04 MR-2 and would not trust my car with anyone, but I'd just about trust my first born here! Highly recommend this shop!
5	Got my tC in and got it fixed and ready the next day! I thought I had a big issue going on with my tC but after having them do a diagnostic everything was fine even got a few other things that needed future repairs done to avoid later.Their customer service was awesome and friendly as well, their communication is a plus! It's good to know there is a great shop around you can trust and know where to come back again. Thanks to Andre and your crew. Thank you TOYOWORKS!!
