5	Project: Install or Replace a Water HeaterComments: I'm so impressed! I was on the Service Magic website no more than 5 minutes when I received a phone call from Water Heater Pros! I had been waiting all day for another company to call me back. They offered me the best price. The techs showed up right on time, completed the work, cleaned up and hauled off my old water heater! I couldn't be more pleased. Another company had given me an estimate which was $165 more! This company has no hidden charges, no b.s. I already have four friends requesting their phone number for future reference. You guys ROCK!!
5	Replaced leaking water heater.  Call at 5:30 pm, they scheduled and were out at 8:30 am next day.  Work took just over an hour.  Great price, great service!
5	Great service, very professional, and surprisingly cheap! My water heater was having a minor malfunction and I called them out with the intention of having the entire unit replaced since it's 10 years old. Turns out that I have a non-standard unit that's like $1700 to replace; their tech, Shane, was able to instead fix the minor malfunction for $55 total. Definitely recommend!
5	They were on time and fast. Charlie came and looked at the water heater and told me it needed to be replaced. An hour and a half later a tech was out with a new water heater.  40 minutes later the water heater was installed. Friendly, professional and efficient.
5	Extremely prompt response and professional and efficient service!  Water Heater Pros went to our rental home within an hour of our evening phone call, diagnosed the problem and replaced the leaking water heater the following morning.  Thank you!
5	I found Water Heater Pros through service magic and I was super pleased. My water heater was leaking gas so it was more cost effective to replace the water heater than replace the leaky part. The Water Heater Pros were very prompt and were able to come to my home the very next morning after I called. They were super professional and completed the replacement within an hour. The price was affordable and I was extremely pleased. There is a 2 year warrantee on the labor and a 6 year warrantee on the actual water heater. I believe I have a 40 gallon water heater and they quoted me appox $675 to replace. (This is an amazing deal since I called a different company which quoted me $994!)
5	Same day service, professional and friendly technician, price quoted on phone was the price paid, a painless transaction, one phone call and a few hours later I had a new hot water heater.  I am very pleased with their service and if I ever have the need for service will contact them and will recommend them to anyone that is need of service or replacement for their hot water heater.
5	Thank you Yelpers!!! You gave me a great tip with these guys. Called the company at 8 am. Tech Shane was here on time at 11 am. He explained the process for a new water heater. Finished on time and I was able to use the $50 for $25 coupon on Yelp coupon. New 40 gallon water tank installed with a six year warranty out the door for $625 w/coupon. Awesome service! Thanks Water Heater Pros and please give kudos to Shane from us.
5	After playing a rousing game of "Wtf is that noise?" I discovered it was the river running from my water heater to the outside drain (ALWAYS get a pan installed, best $30 you'll ever spend).Jumped on Yelp because I had no idea who I had install the pan 4 years ago when I moved in.  Luckily I was steered to WHPs.Discovered the problem at 7:30am and had a noon appointment scheduled by 10am.  Pulled into my driveway at 11:50, they pulled in at 11:52.  I was on my way back to work by 1pm.Just over $700 for heater, pan, and earthquake gibberish (req'd by code).  Everyone I know said it would be $800-$1000 minimum.  In your face non-Yelping coworkers!2 year warranty on labor, 9 year on the unit (think I got a slightly upgraded unit).Really pleasant guys too - unfortunately I didn't get their names.Highly, highly recommended.
5	Great experience!  When I called I had to leave a voicemail and I thought here we go.  Surprise...I heard back 5 minutes later.  I was quoted $705 for everything including hauling the old water heater away.  They showed up an hour and a half later and have everything installed in about an hour.  Our techs were Shane and Kevin.  Both were really nice and very professional.  I highly recommend this company!  WHP keep hiring techs like Shane and Kevin!  They are making you shine.
5	Recently realized my Water Heater was dying. Called these guys and planned to have the water replaced a month later. They kept the appointment and arrived on time. Answered all my questions. Had an issue a day or two later and they immediately returned to fix it. Then they gave a follow up call the next day to make sure I as happy with service. Would recommend!
5	Incredible! Water Heater Pros were not only the best deal in town, but also the most professional. Charlie and Shane were fantastic! After shopping around town and being quoted DOUBLE from other competitors, I knew from the initial phone call to Charlie that they were hands down the best in the city. They arrived within two hours of my initial call and were done within an hour from that. Very friendly, very knowledgeable, and overall a great experience. This is the third time in my life I have had to replace a water heater (yay vegas), and I wish I had known of their service the first time. I highly recommend Water Heater Pros! Thank you again to Charlie and Shane!
5	I strongly recommend this company for your water heater issues. I don't really recommend a lot of companies but this one I do... After calling three companies based on yelp, I decided to use Water Heater Pros because they were more than $100 cheaper than any of the other companies listed. At first I was leery because of price difference so I asked if they were licensed, bonded and insured - they said yes. I asked if I was getting the same specs and water heater as the other companies I called - they said yes. I asked if they could do it today - they said yes. I asked if they were going to pull the license on the water heater - they said yes...  I spoke with  Justin and he was great and informative. Their plumber Shane was on time, explained what he was doing, showed me why I needed to replace my hose, etc.  He got it done under an hour and half and was just extremely friendly, etc.  The price they quoted me is what I paid with no hidden fees or agenda.... Hope this helps you on your search for a plumber for your water heater :)
5	This is true sincere customer is important business!!! From Charlie's initial visit to Shane's great care, these folks are GREAT and to be trusted!!! I will use this business over and over. Thank you Justin, Charlie and Shane for taking care of me step by step :)
5	I appreciate your advice fellow yelpers. I called Water Heater Pros this morning, left a message. I got a call back with in 5 minutes and had an appointment set for 1:00pm same day. Shane called me 1 hour prior to arriving as I requested, so it gave me time to come back home. Shane got it done in 45 minutes as promised, even with me talking to him and getting very helpful and honest tips that was slowing him down. I'd highly recommend Water Heater Pros to anyone, only if you want honest and trustworthy work. My only issue is I can't give more than 5 stars. Thank you, Shane and Water Heater Pros!
5	My water heater broke when I was on vacation in the Caribbean. I had my phone off when I return back to Miami I had several messages on my phone from my HOA letting me know there was water running everywhere into the street. I started reading reviews on yelp while waiting for my flight and book marked Water Heater Pros since they specialized in water heaters and had great reviews. What a nightmare to come home to. When I returned home I shut off the valve. Thankfully my water heater is outside and the water didn't come inside.I called Water Heater Pros the next morning left a message they called me back in two minutes. I let him know I had a 40 gallon electric water heater he quoted me the same price I was charged. He told me they could set the appointment for the next day between 8:30 to 9:00am, which is understandable since Las Vegas got so cold this week. The next morning they showed up on time. Shane introduced himself. He started by draining and sweeping the water off my patio. Took out the old one and replaced it with the new water heater. He gave me tips on how to maintain my water heater for a longer life.He gave me my invoice with my warranty and let me know if I needed anything don't hesitate to call.I like to give a big thank you to Water Heater Pros and Shane for being a honest, friendly and professional company.
5	So, it's New Year's Eve.  It's been one heck of a year, and I'm glad it's almost over.  I wake up, ready to start my day and go get my hair done, grab lunch with my girlfriend and then party the night away.  And then I discover the pool that is my garage.Apparently, my water heater decided to die sometime in the middle of the night and drain the contents of it's body all over the floor.  RIP Heaty.  It's nine in the morning on new year's eve, and I'm panic stricken, trying to find a plumber to come out and either fix or replace it.  Thank gosh for Yelp and Water Heater Pros.I gave them a call and left a voicemail, and promptly got called back within ten or so minutes.  They asked me basic questions about my unit, assessed that it needed to be replaced and quoted me a price.  A great price in my opinion, given that the first company I had talked to wanted $300 more for the exact same thing.  He gave me a time of between 11:30-12:30, which was even better.  Same day service on a (almost) holiday?  Then to top it off, there was a knock at my door about 15 minutes before the time window - yay!  Not just on time, but early.I got to have Charlie work on my heater.  He confirmed it needed replacing, and after we talked briefly about the heater and what all needed to be done, I let him alone to work in peace.  Within about ninety minutes, he was all wrapped up and I still have time to make my hair appointment today.  I am amazingly pleased all around.  With Charlie's nice demeanor, his service, showing up early, and the pricing.  I'll definitely recommend Water Heating Pros to any friends that might get in a similar situation in the future.
5	The five star reviews are for the most part right on point. My decision to pick Water Heater Pros out of the 2 others I was considering  were based  mostly on Yelp reviews from reliable Elite Yelpers I knew.  Mr. B. noticed our 13 year old water heater starting to leak and asked me to find someone for him to replace and install a water heater. After researching, we called Water Pros, which gave us a quote on the phone for a new water heater plus installation.  It was pretty reasonable.  So the appointment was made for the next morning for them to come out.Our installer showed up the next morning. Shane was very courteous and friendly.  Explained what needed to be done, also said he would clean up the area and also haul off our old water heater.  It took approx 45 minutes for the the whole process. He did the work as promised, there was no upselling, unexpected charges and we were charged the quoted price. In fact, there was a Yelp deal, but I chose to use the $25 off coupon I found on their website instead.  We're very much satisfied by the installation work done on our new water heater by these guys. In fact the water heater they installed was more energy efficient than our original one!  I feel I made the right choice and we are very pleased with Water Heater Pros. I would definitely  recommend them!
5	After dealing with 3 different plumbers all quoting prices I knew as a contractors daughter (unfortunately who lives out of state) were WAY overpriced, my dad referred me to Water Heater Pros and I was pleasantly surprised when I called them at 5:30 pm on a weekday to get a quick response back after leaving a message. He had someone come out the next day, and by 11 am I had a new water heater installed. Quick, courteous, no hassle professionals if I could give them 10 stars I would. Thank you so much Charlie!
5	A coworker had her water heater crap out on Christmas week and texted me while I was out of town to find out who I used since she knew I was so happy with their service.As soon as I got back to the office she was at my desk "They're just so nice!  And they set up the appointment so fast!"  She couldn't be at the house so her boyfriend went over to be there for guys.  He called while they were stilll there to tell her how much he liked them and how sorry he was that he didn't know about this company last year when his water heater went out.   They both were impressed and will be referring WHP's to anyone in need of a repair.
5	They were great!  Straight forward.  I called around and they definitely had the best price.  Around $200  less then what most places quoted me.  Very friendly and courteous installers.
5	They were fast and the price was fair.  Called and they came out right away and installed a new water heater.
5	I chose Water Heater Pros due to all the positive reviews and they didn't disappoint. They didn't up sell me. They were on time and quick with installation. Plus they charged me close to $250 less then Home Depot or Lowes. I would recommend them for everyone. Glad I trusted all the reviews
5	Its nice to get service with a smile.  Very professional honest people.  They had my hot water heater replaced in less than an hour.  I highly recommend.  675 for the water heater installed.  Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Not going to write a very educated review here - Basically we called on a Sunday afternoon.  They quoted us a rate and agreed upon a time to arrive the following morning.  They showed up ON TIME, not a minute late.   They did everything they told us over the phone and didn't charge us a single dollar more.  In fact we threw a little tip just because they didn't try to stick it to us.   And they were in and out within an hour.  And our water heater is back up and running.I called several other services and they all couldn't even give a ball park range quote and it would cost a 50 dollar visit fee.  Water Heater Pro's went above and beyond - thanks to yelp and a friend I wouldn't have known about this place.  Very honest, professional service - highly recommended.
5	Water heater went out this weekend when I was away.   Called another company "Hawthorne"  who came out and quoted me a ridiculous $1900 to replace my tank.   Called Water Heater Pros who gave me a quote over the phone for under half of their competitors price with the same warranty.  They showed up promptly with three technicians and had it swapped out in around an hour.   It's great to meet honest businessmen,  so if your water heater goes south,  save some time and call these guys...  You'll be glad you did.
5	Shane was AWESOME! We called Yes Plumbing late in the evening yesterday because water heater wasn't operable. They came out to diagnose problem for $49 to quote me a new 40 gal./6 year water heater would be $1,236! In the mean time called a friend who recommended Water Heater Pros. Called Water Heater Pros and they quoted me $700. I decided to use them, came on-time today and accomplished everything in a professional manner. Shane even upgraded the plumbing on water heater up to code specs. Thank you Shane! Now I can finally take a nice, hot shower!!!
5	I could not say enough good things about Water Heater Pros!  They are timely, efficient, friendly, honest --- you name it!   There is no competition for them here is Vegas--- they are the ONE!  Stop looking,  call them!
5	These people came out free of charge, fixed the problem in ten minutes (just a loose thermocouple that I actually caused)....Charlie fixed it immediately and did not even charge me. Everyone else I called was telling me on the phone that my model was out dated and would need replacing and I could see the dishonest sales pitch right away. I've been had by the carpet cleaners, the YES man plumbers, and it is a true pleasure to see honest people and qualified technicians still exist. Forget the rest...these guys are the best.
5	We bought a water heater from Water Heater Pros in Oct. 2012.  Recently we noticed the pipe that leads up and out of our garage had become disconnected.  We called them and the same morning they came out and fixed it at NO CHARGE!  Warranties for the water heater is good for 2 years and the parts are under warranty for 6 years. We will definitely contact them again when this water heater needs to be replaced.
5	We had another issue just come up the other day with the pilot light going off.  My boyfriend and I tried to relight it with no success.  We called Water Heater Pros and they came out the same day and fixed it.  They came out at the time they indicated between 1-3pm and the transaction was done in 10 minutes.  Again at NO CHARGE.
5	I called water heater pros on Monday, explained my issue and they more or less did an over the phone assessment and gave me an estimate of the job. They said they would be out at 2:00 the following day. Let me tell you these guys know how to run a business. Not only were they there on time but a few minutes early. The estimate they gave me on the phone was right on target. They even did a few extra things and the price stayed the same. I would recommend this company over and over again. These guys should teach other companies on how to keep customers and gain more. Well done WHP well done. I will call again without hesitation. If you read this save yourself the headache of calling around and just call water heater pros. Thanks guys!!
5	These guys exceeded my expectations with their customer service.  If you knew me you would realize how high of praise this actually is.They showed up earlier than promised because the tech was in the neighborhood.  Turns out my issue which they had informally suspected to be a Bradford White warranty issue was a simple fix.  It was 107 plus in the garage yesterday and this caused a heat related safety switch to trip.  This reset switch is not referenced in the manual so I had no way of knowing it existed.  A quick reset on each of my units and they fired back up via the normal start up procedure.So I ask the tech what I owe.  Nothing, just give us a call if it continues to be an issue and we will still fix it under warrant.I really appreciated the way the do business.From first phone call to fix was less than 2 hours.
5	I called 3 places on Yelp and got 3 quotes on the water heater not heating the water. This model does not have a pilot lite but an electronic ignition.  The first plumber came out and told me the water heater was busted and had to be replaced.  The water heater is 7 years old and just fell out of warranty so I would have to pay completely out of pocket.When I called Water Heater Pros, I spoke with Charlie and he told me if it's not leaking and the issue is just no heat, then it could be the electronic switch needs to be reset.  If that didn't work then it would have to be replaced. He gave me separate quotes on the resetting and the parts replacement over the phone.They came out the following Monday and Charlie reset the  switch.  Took less than 5 minutes and the water heater was working again.  I couldn't believe it but was hoping that it would be the cheapest option.  Lucky for me it was and I only paid what was quoted over the phone.Charlie was polite and professional and obviously knew more than the other plumbers that I spoke with.  I highly recommend them.  I can see why they have only 5 star reviews.  They simply provide excellent service.
5	This review is a few months overdue but Water Heater Pros are extremely professional. I purchased a deal on Yelp but it only applied for new installations of water heaters. I only needed a fix but the guy gave me the deal that I purchased anyway since it wasn't clearly stated. Definitely recommend!
5	I am recommending Water heater pros to anyone who has problems with there tank...Shane the service guy was very informative about the warranty,,and service. Installation took about an hour...would've been less but I did ask a lot of questions on tips on how to up keep with the maintenance of the water heater...
5	awesome service!!!i called them around 9:30am and by 11am Shane was here replacing the boiler.they charged the exact amount and he was a great person!!!kuddos to this company!!
5	Wow!! So no warm water on Sunday, do a google search and these guys come up. I call, they ask a couple questions, diagnose, give me a 2 hour window and quote for the following day. Next day comes, 15 mins into window they show up, test the heater, confirm the problem, replace the part. Bill me what they quoted the day before and done. As someone who is clueless on things like this you know you can be taken advantage of. These guys are honest and genuine. Highly recommend them. Awesome job.
5	Our water heater took a dump last night and I began my search on google. One company called me and quoted $2200 sight unseen. I panicked... no way were we spending that $ on a water heater. So I turned to YELP. Found a bunch of 5 star reviews for Water Heater Pros. I left a message and I got a call first thing in the morning. They set a  two-hour window for later in the day. Charlie was early and the crew was on-time and they completed the work in about 1.5hours. They quoted a great price- a really great price!!! and came through exactly as stated. Amazing knowledge and professionalism. It is nice to know there are service professionals out there that are honest and uphold great work ethics. Thank you to Water Heater Pros. I will be happy to recommend them in the future.
5	My water heater just stopped working one weekend. I called Water Heater Pros who was able to make an appointment very soon after. They arrived in the (small) time window they gave me. And after inspecting the heater and asking me questions, gave me a very simple breakdown of what could be the problem, the different approaches I had to try and fix it, and the cost of each. I never once felt pressured to pay for more than what made sense, there was no upsell. After agreeing on an option, the serviceman cleaned out my heater and replaced my burner unit. It was a fast response, a fair price and an effective fix performed professionally. When my heater finally goes for good, I'll be calling them for the replacement.
5	We had a leak from our old water heater in the garage, so I did a little online research, then checked the unit to see where it was leaking from. I could see that it was from the bottom and as with our old garbage disposal, when that happens it's usually because the bottom of the unit has rusted out and must be replaced. After checking reviews here and on Angie's List I decided to call these guys. They were able to come out the next day with a new water heater comparable to the one we had. The price was right although we did have to pay extra for some parts that we hadn't counted on. Nevertheless, the work was done efficiently and we were up and running again in about an hour or so. Heads up regarding the maintenance on these water heaters. They have an anode rod inside which attracts hard minerals to it rather than to the inner tank. If you have these replaced every couple of years, your water heater will last much longer.
5	I had them fix issues with my water heater that the previous installer made. They were able to fix the problem the same day with great customer service and a fair price.  This is the second time I have used them and I will continue to use them!
5	Our water heater started leaking yesterday morning. After getting all the logistical problems worked out, Water Heater Pros said they would be out between 11 & noon on Memorial Day. At 10:59, Shane pulled up, went over everything he was going to do, & was done right at noon. He was a pro from start to finish. Your company is lucky to have a knowledgeable, friendly guy out in the field.
