5	I found Experts on Sight on the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce website (if possible I always use a Chamber member for any services I need). I am so glad I called them. From the get go the service was superb. Lorraine at the front desk was kind, thorough, and not bothered by my gazillion questions. She managed to get me in today because of a cancellation.The office is clean and inviting. I filled out the necessary paperwork and was called back fairly quickly.  Dr. Jody  L Dagan was hands down the best optometrist I have ever seen. I've worn glasses and contacts for over 20 years now so that's significant. She took the time to talk to me and really took into consideration what I was saying. So many times in the past I've been hurried through the process. After getting my prescription as close as possible (I have some damage that needs to heal before I can get my final prescription) she fitted me with a new set of contacts. We came up with a game plan that would allow my eyes to heal before I order contacts and she assured me that we'd follow it for as long as necessary. After my exam I sat with Gayle who helped me look at  what would work best for me with my insurance and available rebates. She made sure to look at every possible option. So now I'm all set for my new contacts.   From start to finish, my experience at Experts on Sight was exceptional. I highly recommend them.
5	My husband and I were both in the market for new frames, and this was the only non private practioner that my insurance covered.SO glad we went here. Theyre located just south of Pecos on Lindsey Rd, out of the way but worth it. We walked in around 5:15 for our 5:30 appts and were greeted immediately. After filling out the standard paperwork we were excorted into our exams. The staff here is awesome! So so nice. Jody (our doc) was so kind and gentle. The kind of doctor everyone should have.After our quick an painless exams, we went out to their showroom to look at frames. They have some NICE choices here. Brands include Guess, OP, Ray Ban, 7 for All Mankind, Juicy Couture, Eon, Versace, Michael Kors, Fendi, Prada, and a few more I cant remember. Im excited for my new glasses to come in!If you need an exam or a new pair of frames and dont already have a doc, or are looking for a new one, you should seriously consider this place (especially if your go to is Eyemasters, Americas Best, etc).
1	I've been going here for 3 years and this will be my last. The service has been absolutely terrible for the entire time. For example, I ordered new frames in November and they messed up my prescription 3 times. It's the end of February and I'm still waiting for my glasses.  The doctors are great, but the support staff makes it hard to want to go back.
5	My family has used this office for a couple of years for both contacts and glasses.  We've always found the doctors and staff very friendly and helpful, and their service is prompt.  You won't be sorry if you make Experts on Sight your family provider--always a pleasant experience!
5	We have been going here to see both Dr. Jody and Dr. Josh for several years now.  They were so patient with my son when he transitioned from glasses to contacts and really took the time to teach him. I usually spend a little more when I buy glasses so once I tried to skimp and didn't get my glasses here but from Costco. I'll never do that again. The customer service here, as well as the selection is awesome.  Thank you for truly taking care of my family and our vision needs over the years.
5	Dr. Meharry is the absolute best. It's difficult to find precision, accuracy -and- someone who puts you at ease immediately with a great laugh and rapport. Dr. Meharry has nailed all-of-the-above, and she makes a the normally mundane and painfully routine process of eye exams enjoyable. I'm always impressed by Dr. Meharry's ability to offer solutions personalized to each of her patients. I have a stronger astigmatism, making it harder to fit me for contacts, but she always has a great solution that's comfortable, smart and affordable. She is extremely patient and always makes time for my questions about eye wear and care, (and there are many).Dr. Meharry is an all-around pro and an expert in her field. You won't be disappointed!!
5	Main Points:-Friendly and knowledgeable-Late hours available for scheduling convenienceReview:When my husband needed to see an optometrist ASAP, I called several different optometrist offices to get him in right away.  Many places couldn't accommodate a new patient or squeeze him in despite the circumstances until much later in the day. However, the friendly receptionist at Experts On Sight got in touch with the doctor (before normal office hours) and was able to get us in within 15 minutes of the place opening.  They were efficient and professional with their care, and we were both very satisfied with our experience.  The follow up went just as well, the place was full of business - people getting glasses and several customers were in and out, yet it looked like everyone's appointment was pretty much right on time including ours.  We didn't have to wait long, and we were never rushed when we asked our millions of questions to the doctor.  They are also open until 8pm on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, so they can accommodate most work schedules.  I'm so glad I found Experts On Sight, I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for an optometrist!
5	I scheduled visits for my family of five because they took our insurance, however the deals they had on frames and lenses were better than my insurance.  The office is beautiful, the staff over-the-top friendly, and the doctors are excellent. My son saw Dr. Jody and my daughter and I saw Dr. Josh - we all came away with the same experience. Knowledgeable, thorough and friendly doctors. A++
5	Let me start by saying I had not had positive experiences with Optometrist offices since moving to AZ.  That has changed since going to "Experts on Sight".  Everything about my recent experience was professional yet friendly.  I saw Dr Meharry, who was very thorough.  She encouraged questions and answered them in a way that was easy to understand.James was very helpful in working with me to select new frames.  He clearly understood his business, explaining different types of lenses.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this office for your vision care.  You will not be disappointed.
