5	I don't know how this place can have no reviews yet. It was packed and pretty good. I went here because we were looking for south Indian food. They have north Indian food as well for those that are in the mood for that food, but I didn't try it so I can't comment on it. Anyways, we ordered channa samosa, veg samosa, paneer dosa and masala dosa. All of the food was good and we definitely ordered too much for just two people. The masala and paneer dosas are very rich and very filling.The paneer dosa was a hit with me. I was absolutely delicious. It might become a new staple with me. I highly recommend it. The servers were friendly and efficient workers. The price was also right. Basically you can't go wrong. It is a little walk, but not too far and definitely worth it, from Park Station.
5	I've been to a few Indian Restaurants in Montreal, but when I found this one, I looked no further, when I could make it out towards Jean Talon.I've been here about 15 times, and it has never disappointed me.  It's authentic, and the prices are outstanding (I ate here often when I was a student).  They accommodate to spices (mild to burn your esophagus), they are efficient, fast, and of all the people I have brought here, everyone is always shocked at how great and cheap it is. A few of my friends swear on the lamb curry, the butter chicken, pakora, samosa, for me its all about the eggplant bhaji! Their garlic naan is fresh and perfect consistency, and their roti is top notch too. If you ever crave indian food, and willing to do a small trek, this is worth every penny, and every minute getting there.
5	This place was awesome and they had the best thing I've ever tried, Samosa's with Channa Masala, it was spicy and just wonderful.The servers were fast and efficient and they had a huge variety on the Menu, not just north indian foods but south indian as well which isn't too common in indian restaurants in Canada.People sitting behind us were annoyingly loud, other than that I have no complaints about my experience at this restaurant.If you are in Montreal and in the area, this is a cheap place to eat and has amazing food.
5	Best Indian food! They just renovated and have made it bigger and more comfortable! The food is amazing, really well priced- Thali plates for $6. Great for vegetarians. This is my go to place for really great Indian food.
5	I must say that the food was AWESOME! I've been to more than a handful of Indian restaurants that were more expensive and none have been as tasty. I had the non-vegi Thali pictured below and although the portions are moderate, the butter chicken sauce was the best I've ever tasted. I'm not a saucy type of guy but I actually scraped it up with my Naan bread at the end. The iceberg lettuce was really bad though (and the baby carrots straight from the bag) but you don't come here for the salad anyways.The best part is that it's $6. You can barely even get 1/3 of a movie ticket for that price nowadays. I will go back.
5	I live in that area and i almost never tried any other indian restaurant on Jean-Talon, that place is too good.The palao rice is the best around, the butter chicken is perfectly balanced, the lamb curry's really good and the stewed eggplant is really awesome.
4	So this place wasnt really that bad at all. My friend took me here after they had done their renovations. I was pretty impressed. Like most indian restaurants I have been to, this lamb biryani too was just mixed plain rice with curry. It was a bit dissapointing, but i enjoyed their lassi, along witht heir butter chicken and channa bhatura (chickpea something.) Aside from that service nice and prompt. The decor with the new renovations clean and modern and left nice desi touch overall too. Even though prices were moderate, my friend admitted that the portion sizes compared to their prices earlier had gone up a notch. Oh well as long as the quality of the food is not compromised its all good for me.Last tip of the day: stay away from biryanis here except the veggie one, Stick to non veg and regular veg/non veg curries you'll be fine.
4	I am always in the mood for Indian food and was thrilled to find a place with good reviews while visiting Montreal. The food was delicious, filling and priced extremely reasonably. I had a Mysore Masala Dosa and it was incredibly spicy (as it should be) and was pleased since I am used to dumb Indian restaurants in the U.S. serving 'spicy' food that ends up being closer to 'mild.' My friends had the Non-Veg Thali (chicken curry for one, lamb curry for the other). They said the food tasted very good; however, there were literally 3 pieces of chicken and lamb in each of their respective dishes. The restaurant was clean and seemed like a popular lunch spot. The service was pretty good as well. I would definitely recommend eating here if you're in the mood for some yummy Indian food!
4	amazing foods, amazing value.I would say It's the best in the town!better go to the restaurant earlier and try that real indian samosa.it's pretty loud and busy at dinner.
2	Maison Indian Curry has a few things going for it. Nice mango shakes, Indian beer and vast quantities of cheap eats dished up on shiny Thalis, in a newly-renovated environment. I went there for a Masalah dosa, having heard that this was the place to go. What I got looked like a dosa, acted like a dosa, and almost tasted like a dosa. The potato filling was good, although not particularly flavorful. The dosa itself was too crispy to use as a scoop for the filling. The flavors in the sambar were muddy and over-cooked. The coconut chutney was bland and utterly nondescript. I have eaten excellent Masalah dosas in other North American cities (Pittsburgh, Chicago, Berkeley) and know how good they can taste. By comparison, this one was disappointingly generic.
5	This restaurant is pretty much equivalent to Punjab Palace... Great Indian food at a great price! If you order a thali, you get the best bang for your buck!
4	I am so glad this place renovated, it looks out of place in Parc Ex.It used to be so cold in the winter here, I would have to put on my jacket while eating.They specialize in south Indian Cuisine, so typically much spicier. That was the only downside, it was not spicy enough.I had the butter chicken thali, I know it's not supposed to be spicy, but it should not be sweet either.The rice was a bit under-cooked and the potato dish was a bit too sour.My friend had the lamb curry thali and he said the same thing.The dosa was really good though, I get it every time I come here, The sambar really warmed me up on a cold day and the potato filling was a delight. Chand Palace was better last time, thali wise.If I go back, i'll explore the menu a bit more and get other stuff, I rarely get thali since it seems to be cooked for people that don't like spicy foods.The service was quick and efficient and the restaurant was full on dec 23, when the whole city seemed dead.The decor is quite nice and the prices are pretty good (they did not really jack up the prices for the renovations)
5	Excellante nourriture indienne, un peu trop  piquant pour certaines personnes! Rapport qualite prix incroyable.
5	Amazing thali :)
5	Has to be one of the best Indian restaurants in Montreal without costing you a fortune.  Let's see... in terms of bang for the buck... it blows away restaurant Gandhi which is no slouch but way to pricey for the food.  I love this place when I'm in the mood for a little Indian however, go early cause I think half of Parc Ex knows it's one of the best out there, so the place gets packed.Channa Samosa.... drool.....
3	i like the mango juice,and the bread nam ...but the food was normal.....
5	Wow, this has to be the best Indian food I've had in the last 5 years. I've tried several new places since then and this is so amazing. It was spicier than I am used to, but I got used to it, I am even craving it the day after eating the left-overs. Our party tried a number of dishes, and everything was really good. There was enough food to feed 6 people for under $ 15 per person. I think in terms of food quality to price ratio, I have to go with 5 stars. I'm not a vegetarian but the chana masala is amazing, I could probably eat an order of it on my own. Yep, I will be back for sure!
4	It's better  restaurant in terms of  quality food and also the price.  Better than the thali restaurant and Punjab palace in terms of taste  and pricing ..Dont miss the  Chana samosa and the  sweet -gulab jamun here ..   Awesome ..  Thali is good and moderately priced ..  overall good food. Even the chaats  r good and  nice hospitality .  it's a visit  again  restaurant for sure ..!!   Thumbs up.
4	Over the past year I've tried several Indian restaurants in the city. All have been underwhelming, suffering from one or more of the following: painfully slow service,a lack of fresh ingredients or tasting more like a fusion of Indian inspired dishes and missing the mark. I'd heard that a mecca of Indian restaurant offerings was available in Parc-Extension.So when I finally did some online research to see what restaurants had received good reviews in the area I was optimistic when I happened upon Maison Indian Curry. I was especially excited that they offered some South Indian dishes. This restaurant exceeded any preconceptions that I had about what Montreal had to offer when it came to Indian cuisine.We started with Vegetable Samosa. Far from the overly greasy or dry versions that I've had this rendition was crispy, light and flavorful. As a vegetarian I'm always happy to see Paneer Tikka Masala on the menu, a preparation usually reserved for poultry. This dish was a little spicy as we had requested, but not not overly so.In the south Indian department we ordered a Masala Dosa. In addition we had a Dal Tarka and vegetable Korma. The Dal Tarka, a preparation of yellow lentils was unlike anything I've had before and was really quite good.The Vegetable Korma consisted of in season fresh vegetables, principally cauliflower in this case. It was a pleasant departure from the frozen pea and carrot mix often guilty parties here. The Masala Dosa was a bit too crisp for my taste, but it was served with the traditional coconut curry and sambar which in combination with the Dosa were satisfying. Overall I really enjoyed the food here and will be back in the future. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for tasty, fresh Indian food and with a very reasonable tab to boot.
3	This place is known for their amazing Butter Chicken, so I had to try it. I know that Butter Chicken only represent a very little part of the Indian cuisine, but since it is present in every Indian restaurants, it makes a nice standard for me to see how good the place is.To be quite honest, I was pretty disappointed with their famous Butter Chicken. The chicken was moist and tender, which was nice, however the sauce was way too sweet and had too much coconut milk in it. The lamb curry was very watery and salty, and had just a slight taste of cumin. The side salad consisted of few leaves of sloppy lettuce leaves and a slice of cucumber. The portions were very mediocre (at least the one we had) comparing to other places I've been to.On the other hand, the lamb soup was quite nice, it was hearty and hot, perfect for a cold winter day.I like how they serve their water in a bronze jug along with bronze cups, the decors were very nice and the ambience was great.Maybe I went during an off-day, but I have to give the edge to Chand Palace across the street.
4	Great food and real inexpensive. ServiceIs a little slow. It is always busy but worth the wait!
4	I've had cravings for Indian food so after a bit of research and recommendation from a friend, I had to try this place. I've been twice in the past week now and can definitely see myself as a regular. Tasty, affordable, lots of choices in a low key setting, although it does get loud and cramped. Maison Indian Curry is very popular, people stroll in for take out and meals by the minute it seems.I've tried their chicken saag, butter chicken, kabab naan rolls, shrimp biryani, dal makhni (lentils in a creamy sauce) and vegetable samosas which were all delicious. I love that their currys aren't watered down, sauces are always rich and great for dipping.The mango lassi is a must, especially for someone like me who doesn't tolerate spicy food very well, this thick yogourt drink helps cool me down instantly.My only concern was that service can be a little slow and the prices advertised aren't always what you end up paying as servers are prone to making mistakes. All their orders are written on paper and then they add up the final price manually on a calculator, there were some disparities. Samosas are listed as 2$ on menu, I paid 1.50$ no complaint there, and they even forgot to charge me for another order of it, but then the kabab roll cost me a dollar extra.Everything is pretty cheap but if you're ordering a multitude of things, be careful of inaccurate orders!Note, this place takes debit and cash only. And it is NOT a BYOW restaurant. We saw a couple people show up with bottles, probably confusing Indian Curry with another Indian competitor from across the street.
4	Nice foods & beer. Affordable price.FYI, I had a chicken curry, a lamb curry & butter nan.But servers were too busy to handle all of customer's need. They were all kind though.
5	One of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been too which says a lot because Indian food is my all time favorite.  Went there for lunch on a Saturday and the place was packed.  Great prices and large portion sizes with a pretty large menu.  Try the tali lunch special which is a great bang for your buck.  Options include their famous butter chicken, curry lamb, or a vegetarian option.  Had plenty of leftovers and although the service was a little slow I could not be mad because there were only two waiters working and since it was so crowded they were running around the whole time.  They were very polite and continuously apologized (but like I said I couldn't be mad they were doing the best they could) Cash/debit card only FYI.
5	I am a regular at this restaurant and the service and the food is always consistent.  The food is always fresh, hot and delicious. I'm from beautiful Vancouver, B.C., where there's a largely populated Indo-Canadian community, and the food is up to par with Vancouver standards. I encourage you to ignore all the other restaurants around this establishment and please come enjoy this hidden gem of a restaurant in the Parc Extention.
5	Good quality indian food, tried kabab platter, channa bhattura & butter chicken thali. I was not impressed with tandoori chicken piece & butter chicken was too sweet for my taste. Kababs were really good though
5	This is the best indian place i've tried in MTL  the indian style butter chicken was an orgasm in my mouth the pakoras were extremely good and the service was impeccable. a great restaurant in NDG area.
