4	Service here is surprisingly good. These guys make sure you get your food in a timely manner. One time they messed up my order. As soon as I pointed it out, they apologized and quickly fixed the problem. The only thing that kinda irks me is that just about every time I use their bathroom, it seems that they never have any paper towels to dry my hands. As for the food, if you didnt already know, 90 percent of their food is fried. Which means it tastes really good while at the same time its kinda actually bad for you. Oh well, you know what they say. All in moderation! They do have some grilled items available which is quite tasty. But come on, thats not what you really came here for, right?
5	I've always been treated just fine here, but on Tuesday, May 29, 2012, I had the HONOR of meeting GINA.I had a rather LARGE order of chicken planks to pick up for myself and some friends, and GINA went out of her way to not only give me the chicken, but ALSO to give me a few additional "goodies" to apologize for my having to wait so long for my food.I tried to explain that, "the longer it takes, the FRESHER and HOTTER it will be," and that I really didn't mind waiting as long as I did (in my car, after ordering at the drive-through), but GINA wouldn't hear of it.  She insisted (in a most pleasant, friendly and polite way) that I accept the "extras," so I did.GINA (an African-American girl, in case there is more than one GINA there), is an excellent example why I will ALWAYS go to that specific LJS location, when given a choice.Dedication to complete customer service is what GINA is all about, and I bet that one day, she will be the General Manager of her own LJS location.She's certainly got MY VOTE!
3	The good news:  Big Catch is the best thing these folks have done in a long time!The bad news:  As soon as we made it a habit to pick up a Big Catch -- they killed it.The good news.  The staff here is very pleasant and have to say "I'm sorry" a lot, but they do it with aplomb.  The bad news.  They have to say "I'm sorry" so much because of a lousy ordering system where they are always out of something.  Soft drinks one day, shrimp another day, onion rings another day.But, since I seem to know what they are out of so often, I must like it enough to keep coming back.I miss the Big Catch!!
