3	If you love Country Western music and wagon wheel chandeliers, I've found the place for you.  If not, I've found a place you'll want to avoid.  I'm not really a big country music fan.  Yea, I grew up watching Hee Haw, Grand Ole Oprey and listening to tons of KNIX with my Grandma.  And I'll admit to dating a cowboy during the Garth Brooks era.  But country western bars usually push it a bit too far for me.  It just feels like most folks are pushing way too hard to be something they want to be, but aren't.  The one thing I'll give this place is that I'm guessing a lot of these folks still work the land.  It's up near South Mountain, in Phoenix but just down the road from Laveen where farming is still a big part of life.  Some of these folks wouldn't know a hoe from a ho, but they just like the music.  Or the tight jeans.  Or both.  It's a neighborhood bar for sure, but it's pretty good sized.  Really large bar, 2 pool tables, a stage area for live music and a dance floor surrounded by high top tables that seat about 5.  No sawdust on the floor or anything like that.  Pretty good mix of folks - aged 25-70, white and Hispanic folks mostly - but what else do you expect at a Cowboy bar?Their live music was pretty good and interacted well w/ the crowd.  They also do Karaoke 2x a week (Thurs & Sun) and have pool tournaments.  If you've been itching to do a little two step, you'll definitely want to stroll by.
4	If you live close by, this is a great spot for some good old-fashioned karaoke (on Thursdays and Sundays) and really, really cheap drinks. We went for the first time last night and had a great time. Staff and patrons were all very friendly.
4	Nice place. could use some diferent type country bands, I think 13 to the gallows would go over great here!!!
4	A few friends and I went to this place for karaoke since it's nearby my new house. It was bustling on a Thursday night. Even though it seemed very much like a neighborhood bar  everyone was really nice and friendly. If you are a girl expect to get your karaoke songs moved up higher on the list because there are mostly dudes singing and they seemed to want to mix it up a bit.The songs people were singing were mostly country or Spanish but there was a large variety of titles and something for everyone. I don't know any country songs and I still found other stuff to sing.Some people would also get up and dance to certain songs which was a lot of fun as well. The only beer I saw on tap was Budweiser products and I didn't ask what bottles they had. We just got pitchers of bud and since I was already 3 beers in when we arrived I didn't mind it so much (bit of a beer snob). We all agreed we want to go back again.
4	Silver Pony is the epitome of your local country bar, but the crowd doesn't feel that 'country' per se, like the ones at Cave Creek. I really enjoy the band that plays there called Urban Country. The lead singer has an amazing voice that will immediately put you in a good mood.Prices are reasonable, we usually grab a pitcher and shoot a game a pool. They also have an Extreme Hunting arcade shooter. If you are looking to check out some hot cowgirls here, you will likely be disappointed by the selection. Perhaps a little seedy for some people's taste, but it's some good fun.
3	A dive bar, a country bar, a drunk bar, a cash bar with a broken ass ATM.  A bar.  I've gotten hammered at this place on cheap beer (pbr or lite beer of some kind), seen it both quiet and fucking rowdy as shit.   One night I was there and there were like 4 fights where people were really busting each others heads. That's when it's time for me to bail -- I want no part of getting accidentally shot by some guy I don't know who's just gotten stomped on by 3 other guys I don't know and decides to bust out his fucking 38 and fire a few off into the crowd.  And I'm afraid to play darts in the place because it gets so packed I'm worried some retard who's not paying attention will walk in front of me right as I throw and take a dart to the face.  D'oh!  And there's always a bunch of ugly old chicks hitting on me.  I'm taken lady, oh and 20 years younger than you, so please don't fucking touch me.  Gross.  And there are only 2 light bulbs in the whole place, and those are both neon beer signs, so you really can't tell what time it is when you are in there, until they yell GET THE FUCK OUT, IT'S 3AM AND LAST CALL WAS AN HOUR AGO. WE'RE CLOSED ASSHOLE.  But hey, details, right Yelpers?  It's on the way home from Vistal, so can stop in for 20 or 30 coldbeers after a shitty day on the golf course.    And it is pretty dark in there, so maybe the ugly old chicks aren't that ugly or old.  Yeah, it's definitely the light.  And the beer IS pretty cold and cheap.......
4	I live in Laveen near 'the pony' and go there regularly. It is what it is, a divey country bar full of pretty good people. The bartenders are nice guys and the drink specials are decent. There's a lot of die-hard regulars the go to The Pony but it's a very unpretentious atmosphere. They also cater to local country musicians and will always provide a nice two-step or waltz. There's a shaded hitching post outside, it's great that I can ride my horse there, tie up, and enjoy some drinks or music. There are many people that ride their horses there, it's a cool environment right down to the naked lady picture.
5	Stopped today (Sunday afternoon)) for a couple of drinks after sight seeing at South Mountain.  What a wonderful neighborhood bar!  My husband and I are new to the city and met a few local who were very friendly and gave us several recommendations.  The drinks were inexpensive and strong and the staff was great.  They also had some amazing carne-asada tacos for $1 that were delish!   Being 35 and 42, we don't enjoy bars full the much younger crowd.  We were the youngsters here this afternoon and loved it!
4	Best dive bar in the area. I really wish that they offered something besides Bud and Bud Light on tap, but this is also one of those places where you don't exactly expect to get exactly what you want, and that's okay. I think they call it character -- this bar has it.
3	It was a dive bar. Bartender was good, but slightly creepy. There was nothing that stood out on tap, just usual beer that slightly tastes like beer, but you will get drunk. Horchata shot was delicious!
1	as im here trying to enjoy the AZ Cardinals game,i had the "pleasure" of having a bartender that is soo rude,im thinking he needs the 1-800 # to a suicide crisis hotline,,,,,,not only does  he radiat negativity,but he also comes off racist.,,it seems as though today was his day off and the owner asked him to come in...this place is not a shithole...but staff lije this guy makes it a hole in the wall...by the look on his face and customer service, i wonder if he searches for a high place to jump from,every day of his life...i wont be coming back here.
4	Definitely a dive bar. Beer was reasonably priced and service was good. I would go back.
5	Enlighten yourself to the joy of an authentic honky tonk. NOT a dive bar. Rather, the South Mountain "locals'" watering hole. Live music on weekends, expert dancers on the floor. Plenty of boots and hats. Two pool tables. Not pretentious. Tip well. No credit cards. Don't be a dick. You'll be treated well.
