5	Great Belgian burgers, a variety of sauces for your frites, and refreshing imported belgian beers.  What more to say?
3	nommy nommy nommy! the poutine here rocks!  the burgers rock too!  but... last time I went the gravy sauce was poured on a little too heavy, but the cheese curds are noms and the fries are noms and the people are awesome who work here and the burgers are totally kick ass.  and i don't even really like burgers all that much. :) nommmmms!  definitely- if you're visiting montreal and need a poutine experience, i say go here.want more of me?  video blog at http://www.tastytwosome.com
5	We ate here 3 years ago, when we visited Montreal on our babymoon, and it was on our list of places to eat when we returned to Montreal this past week. We've only had the veggie hot dogs and fries here, and I doubt we will ever get around to trying anything else, the dogs are THAT GOOD. Not only are the dogs good, but their fries....oh my. And you get a dipping sauce with them, too. You choose from like 10 or so, I think, and they are really all good, but our favorite is the curry. Their curry sauce is kind of like Nutella. You could put it on an old shoe and you'd say "man, that shoe is GOOD!" Lots of beers to choose from too. I probably would go back to Montreal JUST to eat at this place.
4	We had heard that you can't visit Montreal without trying frites, and this was a recommended place. They were very good, and Frites Alors offered a variety of sauces for us to sample. Our server was also very friendly and, recognizing we were from out of town, spent time explaining the menu and our meal to us.
5	Elles sont Belges, blondes et dorees.  Great fries and Belgian beers.  What else could you ask for?   Some of the best fries that I have ever had since living in Bruges.
3	Walked in on a beautiful day, and ordered the Frites Alors Poutine. But...Ehh. Cheese curds were great, the mushrooms, bacon, onion and the sauce were good, but the fries were not. Come on the fries in a Poutine were not good?! Its like having a hamburger with a so-so beef patti. On the plus side, the service was good and there was a lot of Poutine for a very little money. They have some good, cheap local beers too!
5	I tend to not be too into chain restaurants, but anything that involves fresh cheesecurds typically has me sold.  I had yet to try a legit Poutine in Montreal, and Frite Alors seemed like the place to go.With a few Veggies in our crowd, we were pleased to learn they even had a meat-free option (I'm not entirely convinced the gravy was vegetarian, but hey, if they tell me it's not meat I ain't pushin it).  Prices weren't bad, and as I've come to find of the Service Industry in general in Montreal, they were extremely accommodating.  People split various entrees, and they offered to split individual bills, and would evenly divide things people had split onto individual bills - the Veggie Poutine they divided onto 4 separate bills!Tasty, filling, and fun.  Go to Frite Alors for a classic Poutine experience!
4	Poutine fries are what Montreal are all about and I liked these.  If you don't know what Poutine is, it's cheese curds and gravy on fries.  Its delicious.  The burger was satisfactory but not worth it by itself.  The pretty girl and her personality brought the meal up a notch.
4	I always bring visitors here. Love the sauces for the fries, love the burger combinations. So yummy!On a couple of occasions, I've had problems with the service. You know, situations where you're convinced the waitress has completely forgotten you and "dashing" is looking more and more tempting. The food and location make it worth coming back, though, and giving it 4 stars.
5	My girlfriend & I really enjoyed this place. Good burgers & heart-killing Poutine with a good stock of beer ! The staff were friendly, nice & came by often.
5	We wanted poutine.  None of the reviews around the hotel we were staying in were raving.  Here, they should have been.Aside from the fact that the waitress stopped speaking to me in French the moment she realized it wasn't my first language, and the completely nonsensical comics about colonialism on the walls, this place was everything we were looking for, and so much more-- especially quantity-wise.My boyfriend got a veggie burger, which is always geocached away in Montreal, and it was delicious.  The salad it came with had a bizarre mustardy dressing, but who eats salad when you get a GIANT TERRINE OF POUTINE?We got the one with mushrooms, onions, and peppers (asked for no bacon), and attacked it.  The gravy was hearty, and the mixture of soggy fries with crispy ones-- could I make it sound any tastier?-- was unlike anything we can get in California.  I'm completely unclear why.  The mushrooms were a brilliant addition, too.  We were hurtin after we downed the entire thing, in the best of ways.And despite all the warnings, I have yet to have a heart attack.  I'll keep you posted.
4	I am HUNGRY!!! I want Poutine! Frites Alors! really hit the spot. Large Poutine Vladimir ($10) is great to share as late night snack.. the cheese curds.. I love Cheese!! Fries is cooked just right crispy outside and mushy inside...and with just the right amount of gravy!Maybe after a drink or 2 and another beer to go with the poutine, it makes everything perfect!.Service is efficient and friendly.I think I am starting to entertain the idea of having Poutine and Beer as my snack of choice!I wish I can find good Poutine in Toronto..................
4	This is a pretty fun chip and burger place with decent chips, with a choice of sauce (and quite a choice) and nice burgers. Fun!
5	I woke up after a night of drinking and wanted poutine. Frites Alors had it, in spades! The restaurant is a cute little place in the center of montreal, they serve a  number of different types of Poutine. The service was actually good, and on top of the good service and poutine they had a very good menu for beer! I know it was brunch but I couldnt help but get myself one of their beers from a local brewery! Quebec is a light year ahead of Ontario in terms of beer, and I definitely enjoyed being able to get good beer just about everywhere. I enjoyed the Poutine, which had fried onions on it, and tasted pretty good. I would definitely go back here!
4	Walked in after having a few beers on St. Denis. The restaurant is spacious and cozy, the service is efficient and the servers maintain a friendly composition. Their french fries are made to perfection, yes... they are a little greasy on the outside but perfectly crispy and tender on the inside. I got the Mexican sauce to go with it, which was a good balance between sweet and spicy and is one of the few non-mayo based sauces. I also had the veggie burger, which tasted just about right. I enjoyed the entire meal, it hit the spot. Being a fan of Belgian beer, I would've liked to kick a few back, but I had already drank prior to going there, so I was set for the night. Maybe next time.
4	Such yummy poutine. It's such big portion-- I wish I could have shared it with someone. I think I ate half of it and was done. The drawback was that they charged extra for me to box up the food, but I guess you have to make sacrifices for future promises of yumminess I guess.
4	Like everyone says, POUTINE. and lots of choices. Good service, good beer and poutine. Yum.
4	love the food! staff are really nice and outgoing!
4	We meant to order the poutine, but had burgers and fries instead.  Excellent.  The crowd is mostly 20 somethings, but the staff is friendly and all are welcome.  Bustling and efficient service.  Fun, inexpensive dining out.
5	For people who feel adventurous, try "Le canibale". It is a tartare (raw meat) made with either beef or horse meat.  I prefer horse meat (much less fat than beef) extra spicy. Eat that food with a very strong dark beer. Watch the menu for all the assortment of cold sauces (mayo style) for the (excellent) French fries.
3	Frites alors = poutine w bacon, onions and mushrooms. Greasy, cheesy and heavily gravied, smothered with fatty bacon and sauteed onions. Not meant to be eaten on a regular basis but good enough for a tourist with an iron stomach.
4	This was our first stop after dropping our things off at the hostel.I wants me some 11pm fries + cheese curds + gravy!The Frite Alors ($8.50) is topped with mushrooms, bacon, and onions. The Tunisienne ($9) was better, smothered in crumbled spicy merguez. Ohhhh poutine. After a long, foodless train ride, this Montreal favorite did the trick for filling our bellies with greasy, comforting goodness - though I really, really wished the toppings were hotter. A "small" size is heavy enough to be a meal for one person. I finished an order all by myself, and consequently felt like I hated everything and wanted to lie down. The food was 3 stars - try the Tunisienne. I'm giving 4 stars because our waiter was insanely friendly and helpful. He gave us food and beer suggestions and we got to try some local Quebec brews immediately! Blanche de Chambly is good if you like light, citrusy Belgians. Dieu du Ciel's coffee stout was... very, very dark. $5.50 for a bottle of 9.5% ABV beer? Okay!
4	Outstanding! I had the "hamburger frite alors" and was not at all disappointed - perfect with the fries and "mexicain" sauce. Can I get seconds, please??
3	I came in here once upon a time 4 years ago and thought that the fries were absolutely phenomenal. I never set foot in this place again because I was trying to get healthier. In any case, I brought my parents in after my mom mentioned something about a craving for fries three months ago. Man what a disappointment it was. The fries were terrible..I was embarassed that I had even raved about them to my parents in the first place.... Either their standards have changed from 4 years ago, or we were uucky that day. Either way, can't give more than a 3! Sorry!
2	I came here after a recommendation that it was the it place for fries/poutine.. the service was slow, the fries were kind of cold and it didn't even taste that great, it wasn't the worst place but I wouldn't go back here
5	I ordered the take out poutine with bacon and onion. Took about 5 mins from the order. Taste great.
4	The garlic aioli dip (for the fries) was out of this world! Friendly waiters, lively atmosphere and reasonable prices make this place a late night must-do when in Montreal.
2	Poutine here is just average, not great.
5	Best Poutine!!!This is, hands down, the best place to grab a Poutine. They serve their Poutine on Belgium fries which elevates it to the next level. The fries alone are delicious!
5	Best. Poutine. Ever. That is all. Very prompt service and an excellent choice of French beers. Next time I'm in Montreal, I'd like to think I'd eat a poutine somewhere else to compare, or if I go back to Frite Alors, I'd try a different poutine, but I can't make that promise. Just incredible
5	Me and my husband were wondering around downtown trying to find a place to sample the infamous Montreal poutine and Frite Alors did not disappoint! We got a smoked meat with added brie cheese and an order of lobster poutine. It was comfort food at its best. The most delicious poutine I have ever had. Add a glass of beer and it's perfect. Service was great: friendly and fast.
2	Frite Alors appears to be a Montreal staple, and is one of many spots you can find their famous poutine in all shapes and sizes.  I'd be lying if I said this review didn't encompass multiple late night stops to the various locations they have around town, because when you're experiencing Montreal nightlife for the first time and you're ready to turn it in, you have to get your poutine fix first!My original and most "rememberable" visit (for multiple reasons...) to this particular location was good, but not great.  The service gets the job done, but was somewhat inattentive...waters left unfilled, extended time between ordering drinks and ordering the food, the usual suspects.  I had a lamb burger while I was there, which tasted like a gyros inside of a bun with a different consistency.  The fries, the poutine, and their variety of dipping sauces are definitely the biggest reason to come.  Reserve Frite Alors as your post-club, not your dinner, destination the next time you are in Montreal.
5	Reviewed the wrong place.
