5	I just have to say, this Fascinations is awesome!!!  In comparison to other Fascinations & Castle Boutique, this deserves to be in N. Scottsdale (haha)   ;-)VERY clean, tidy, non-offensive & the gals working there didn't give me the heebeejeebee's!  Nor did any of the other customers that came in!Also, all the expensive higher end 'products' weren't locked up behind glass cases so you could actually look with your hands & not JUST your eyes, now isn't that fun!?!I hope it get's enough business so it will stay, because if I move, I will drive to this location over any others!
1	I have been shopping at various Fascinations over the years and its always a great experience with the staff, this company has done a great job recreating the image and feel of a sex shop and mainstreamed the whole experience.However my issues sits with this one location as I have now had two bad experiences at this store.  This weekend we my girlfriend and I stopped by to pick up a mask for her mother who was going to a Halloween party that evening.  They had a large selection of mascaraed masks so we took a picture and texted the one we liked to her mother.  Out of no where this beast of a slob comes running out literally yelling at us that we can't take pictures, in pure shock of the situation I asked (genuine curiosity, not being a dick) why we can't send a picture text of the product.  She proceeds to talk down to me by explaining that I'm in a "sex shop" as if I was 3 and didn't know shit from shit lol.  So we went on there website and texted the same image from there.  As if anything was different by doing that, the dumb bitch was satisfied and I was turned off to spending anymore money or time in this place.I just took the mask and checked out where they proceeded to try to up sell me on every fucking product in the store.  Great sales model, offend the customer then beg them to buy shit they don't want.  I would spend money with this business in the future but never at this location as I have now gone 2 for 2 with bad customer service here.  I wish I caught her name, because the other girl working was very nice.
5	Fantastic staff!  First time visit, will be back.  Made me feel like I was shopping at a normal department store not an adult shop.....cool.
4	Whether you're looking to play by yourself or with someone else, you are definitely going to find something to suit your needs. The toy section in this store is extensive, latex, plastic, glass, leather, beads, pulsing, throbbing... you know, all that fun stuff.Don't be ashamed if this is your first time in the store, the woman who was working was extremely friendly and knew when to step in and when to walk away. The other thing I liked about this store is the clean lay out. The store is spacious, neatly organized and free of clutter. I came in for the apparel and while I saw at least four or five corsets and cinchers that I liked, when I tried them on; none of them fit right. I don't have a super weird body type, so I was surprised when NONE of them fit. Like not even a little bit. Oh well. The other thing that bugged me was the shoe selection. There were some killer heels that  I would absolutely want to buy- but I felt they were way overpriced. Like I've said before, that just might be my broke-ass opinion.Don't forget to check in, they had a 20% off Check In offer when I stopped by!
5	I came in to buy a corset for the Bikers for Boobies Ride.  The sales person was very friendly & professional and I found exactly what I was looking for.  The product was attractive, well made and at a very good price point.  I have visited this store in the past and have always had a good experience here and at their Shea location.
5	Great store! This is the best place to buy birthday cards!
2	please change your hours on your yelp page they do not match the hours posted on the front door...
5	RECOMMENDED: I dropped in on a whim & was "just looking".  It turns out this little store is filled with fun items galore! Tucked away near Gold's Gym & Danny's car wash,  Fascinations has a convenient North Scottsdale location. The store is immaculate and clean and doesn't feel like a dirty see shop. The staff member that was working was very accommodating and extremely helpful. The funny part of the entire experience was the other customer in the store. She was wearing a "Jesup Loves Me" shirt as she came out of the dressing room with an armful of kinky clothes. Judge less and love more!
5	I agree with other reviewers that gave this store a 5 star review. The staff is friendly and the store is very clean.  I wish the Scottsdale politicians would open more adult oriented stores and clubs in North Scottsdale instead of just South Scottsdale and other close outlying cities like Phoenix that are less desirable and not as safe to the general public.
4	My sister-in-law was finally turning 18 and I wanted to put together a gift basket of 18+ gifts. I haven't been to a Fascinations since I turned 18, so I wasn't really sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised! Upon entering, the cashier greeted me and asked if I needed any help. The inside is huge and well-spaced. It's open, airy, and comfortable. Near the front, there are some "gift" bins that included penis lollipops, lubes, and other small trinkets. Since I was looking for a penis lollipop, I thought I had hit jackpot. As I wandered further back in the store, I found an area with even more candy. I picked up a candy garter and a "bouquet of peckers". This included around 10 penis lollipops in a multitude of colors all arranged to look like a bouquet of flowers. Super excited, I went to the counter to make my purchase. The cashier was friendly and package my items up in a discrete black bag. Overall, it was a nice experience. The staff was helpful/friendly, the store is clean, and I didn't feel intimidated. Definitely check it out if you are in area.
