5	My family and I had dinner at Phoenix Public Market Cafe last night.  The food was phenomal, as always, and the atmosphere was very urban and chic.  We ordered several items off the menu and shared amongst ourselves.  The burger and the Del Real sandwich tied for tops on our list, followed closely by the open-faced peanut butter sandwich and the salmon with black beans.  To top it off, they have several pastry items and signature drinks to help wash it all down.  The combination of the bar, patio, bakery, dining area and farmers market will keep Phoenix Public Market Cafe busy for a very long time.  Aaron Chamberlin and company hit a home run with St. Francis, but they knocked it out of the stadium with Phoenix Public Market Cafe!!!I look forward to many more meals and frosty beverages at this wonderful establishment.
5	This is a fantastic local, downtown watering hole and exactly what we needed.It's a rustic space that still retains much of the market grocery charm but with phenomenal touches from Aaron, Lee, and team.  The patio is not too crowded and seated nicely, perfect for dinner or drinks with friends.  The flow is also fantastic as you can either head directly to the bar or browse the market on your way to the counter to order.  We had a limited menu tonight for opening night.  That being said, we both enjoyed our meals thoroughly.  The AZ burger (& fries) was delicious and the chino salad was good and refreshing (though I'm not a noodles in my salad person, but I wanted a salad).  Both with a farmer's cup in hand (pimms drink - yum!) and I was giddy as a schoolchild over the self serve water station with sparkling and still options.  I want to go back right now for the sparkling water on tap alone!We each also had a smores cookie for dessert.  It captures the graham crackeriness of a smores and chocolate chunks and chewy texture without marshmallows.  It was an interesting (and delicious) interpretation.  I was also eyeing the snickerdoodles.  I'll be back for those.We were sent away with a couple corn cookies to try (at Aaron's insistence).  THe husband is currently a fan (description: sugar cookie, but like cornbread, but not; it's really good), I'm skeptical of most things with corn.We'll certainly be back and are excited to see the rest of the menu and make this our local hangout. :)
5	I'm excited anytime something new opens up downtown, especially when it's a local business! Cafe is a great environment (felt almost chic farmhouse) that utilizes the space it's in brilliantly. The service was top notch, and ran surprisingly smooth for having just opened. Our bartender/ barista, Allister was very outgoing, attentive, and helpful. He helped us navigate the menu and also let us know that in the future the menu would be much more expansive! Can't wait to come back for a breakfast!
5	Went in for breakfast but stayed for a few cocktails as well - the farmer's cup is highly recommended! Nice atmosphere, delicious food, easy to find parking (covered too!), & a very attentive staff. Frittata is great for folks on a diet (read: I could have used a few more bites) while the flanched flarney garney is quite hardy (too good to stop, but  you should anyway). No free refills on the coffee but otherwise a great breakfast/cocktail hour. Will go back, hopefully soon!
3	I was disappointed with the new Phoenix Public Market Cafe. Our food was good, we ordered a chicken bbq sandwich and a burger, neither come with a side. Overall, I feel that it was over priced and over hyped. I am sad because Phoenix Public Market used to be one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
2	First timer there. Went for breakfast, it has much to be desired. House coffee had grounds in it, nothing very good in taste. Breakfast was over priced, two eggs two pieces of bacon and a small slice of bread, over $8. Granted it's downtown and it should cost that much. I wanted it too be better. Side note; the morning our party went they were preparing chicken in wood burning stove, our entire group left smelling of a campfire. Some like it, some don't.
3	I'd go back to try the breakfast, but I wasn't overwhelmed by the food the first time we went. We got our order to go, so I can't comment on the drinks either! We shared a Roosevelt Row bagel and the Del Real sandwich. I would definitely get the Roosevelt Row bagel again, it was delicious and refreshing. The Del Real, however, was gigantic and there was way too much bread for my taste. I do love that they have a lot of vegetarian options so I'll give it another try! I guess I had pretty high expectations. The inside is adorable and the servers all seemed friendly too.
2	I am a total food critic; do it right, make it unique, and charge a fair price and you will win me over as a repeat customer.....Unfortunately, Phoenix Public Market Cafe fell short today when I stopped in for lunch.I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich. Was served a single sandwich about 15 min later on a large dinner plate...no side. The roll was the highlight of the otherwise "OK " sandwich. $10.95 was over priced for too little, "can get it anywhere" food. A better sandwich with a side for less is served more quickly at many other downtown eateries.My friend ordered salad and soup. Again a very small portion of salad at a price about 3 dollars higher than other downtown eateries.The wait staff were fairly friendly (though I was never asked  how my sandwich was) but obviously unpolished. The salads and soup were delivered with the server's thumbs buried in the bowls - GROSS.  Also observed the cashier handling money then putting unwrapped straws into drinks without washing his hands in between. The bakery case was full or over-sized delicious cookies, but I decided to skip after observing the other food handling issues.The place has only been open a short while and at lunchtime was fairly busy; unfortunately indoor seating was insufficient so not everyone could find seating indoors on a 98 degree day.In short, small portions of  "nothing special" food at prices about 3 to 4 dollars per person too expensive and some kitchen/management execution issues (too slow and unsanitary food handling) that need resolved.I would highly recommend you choose one of the many other downtown eateries for your lunch or brown-bag it.
5	Just stopped in this morning for some breakfast, and I have to say that Aaron and his team have truly outdone themselves!I used to shop here when it was the little grocery store, and the way they redid the space is SEXY!  I just love all the space and brightness, the brick walls and the wood elements.  I got a tour of the kitchen, which is huge!  The rotisserie (while I don't eat the birds) is sweet, and it gives the cafe a really delicious smell. You have the option of going up to the counter and ordering or they have a full service coffee bar. They also serve up beers and wine on tap for the full "bar" experience.  Breakfast is served from 7am-3pm and lunch/dinner is served from 11am-10pm.  For brekkie, I had the Chickpea Pancakes!!! They were very good, topped with roasted pecans, bananas and agave.  I paired that with a nice cup of Cartel coffee and chowed the eff down.  In addition to the food and drinks, they also have a little section of wares in the middle of the cafe.  I saw some great stuff (books, soaps, wine bottles turned into drinking glasses, bow ties, etc.)I like how they have incorporated little bits of St. Francis to their menu, including: the baguettes, the rice bowl and the Del Real sandwich.  The menu has lots of rustic/farm-to-table/fresh items on there, and I can't wait to come back all of the time!!  They just opened recently, but I would HIGHLY recommend getting your backsides down as soon as possible, because they are sure to blow up soon.
5	I went here today for a belated Mother's Day Lunch and loved every minute of it. My mom ordered the egg white frittata with a side of potatoes and I ordered the rice bowl and added chicken. The ambiance is very warm and inviting, it reminded me a lot like Portland (my old hood). The servers were very friendly and helpful. I will definitely  be back for breakfast,lunch,dinner,coffee, and desert.
4	I hope this trade area really supports this gem.  I LOVE the design and the food was very high quality.  Server was a little overwhelmed with the menu and seemed to need some more training on the food items, but he mad up for it with personality.  4 stars only because I have yet to try the morning menu.  Keep up the great work, I will spread the word.  BTW The Pork Confit sandwich rivals the Pig Rig at their sister restaurant!!!
4	I went to the new Cafe last weekend just to get coffee, so I don't yet have any insight on their food quality. They use Cartel coffee, so clearly the coffee is good. The latte that I had was alright, but not the most skillfully made latte I have ever had. The restaurant itself is very cute. I love what they did with the space, it has a very nice feeling with the stained concrete floors, brick walls, and general funky feeling. I like that they still sell some local products, kind of an homage to the old public market and the pastries look tasty. I will definitely have to come here to try the food in the near future. I'm glad we have a new place in the neighborhood!
2	I really expected better. I have been waiting almost a year for something to fill the market space. I loved the phoenix market and was so sad when they lost their grant. They had the most amazing breakfast foods at an affordable price. I had great hopes when I found out that St. Francis was opening the public market cafe. I went this weekend. My friend and I had the breakfast sandwich and another friend had the fritatta. First of all it was overpriced. The sandwich came out on a HUGE plate. You could have fit 4 sandwiches on this large white plate but all that sat on it was my sandwich. Not so much as a piece of parsley to garnish and make necessary the enormous plate. My friends fritata was way late because oatmeal came out instead of a fritatta. And instead of instantly rectifying the situation the server asked more than once if we were sure the oatmeal had not been ordered! The bread looked spectacular but in reality it was not grilled/toasted/or warmed in any way and had the texture of stale bread. The sandwich lacked any real flavor and had to be doused in hot sauce. Now I love hot sauce but when I pay 10 bucks at a counter for a sandwich and a can of soda I expect that I won't NEED to use it.My friend who ordered the fritatta also had to douse it in hot sauce. I kind of expected a lot more. I have a lot of breakfast options in downtown/midtown phoenix. I even have multiple options right at the market. Unless they get a handle on the food at the new cafe I won't be making this a regular event after the market.
4	My third time here and I really enjoy this place.  I've had dinner once and breakfast twice.  The granola, yogurt and fresh fruit is delicious.  Fruit is fresh and tasty with a good balance of yogurt and granola.The oatmeal risotto needs a bit more flavor.  A little too bland for my liking.I can't place my finger on it but the coffee section is a disconnect for me.  Order food at the front, go stand on the other side of restaurant for your coffee.The coffee is fabulous.The staff is friendly but some appear to be very overwhelmed but that's the growing pains of a new restaurant no matter where and no matter how long the owner has been in business.I like it and will continue to come back.  I love the small retail section and I always buy something from that area.  It's all made locally.
4	Brought my mom to the market and decided to stop in for breakfast for the first time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Good strong coffee. Will definitely go back for breakfast or lunch since I'm a regular at the market
5	What a delightful place to spend some time! Comfy, warm, sweet... I just really, really liked it. We went here for dinner over the weekend and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. My boyfriend had the lentil soup and salad with rotisserie chicken; I ordered the salmon with market vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots). We were both very pleased with our meals.The vegetables were fresh and flavorful and my salmon was wonderfully seasoned and cooked to near perfection. I'm looking forward to returning... maybe for breakfast next time!
4	I am a new fan of this place - really close to my apartment, and I love how it is adjacent to the farmer's market so you can be a part of the "scene" down there. I was sad to see the Public Market Grocery store go, but this restaurant has done an excellent job of keeping the integrity of the building intact. I may even like this remodel better than the old one. The exposed wood ceiling is beautiful. The patio is gorgeous. And the reclaimed wood tables and low-slung benches in the dining area make you want to sit down and stay awhile. There are free water spigots for regular and sparkling water, a nice touch,However, I feel the food still has work to do. I was not very impressed with my egg sandwich at breakfast. I specifically asked if there was anything aside from guacamole, cheese, bacon and egg on the sandwich. The cashier replied "No, nothing else". Well, I get the sandwich and the guacamole has onions in it. I hate onions. Onions are my nemesis. So, I have to awkwardly and messily scrape all the guacamole off my sandwich and put it back together. Also, the cheese was not melted onto the sandwich. It was just cold, grated cheese atop the egg. I found that a bit odd.If they can iron out the kinks with the food, which I have heard that they are trying to do (including adding new items to menu soon), then I think this place could be 5 stars.
3	This place has great potential. Only being open for 2 weeks or so, they certainly need some workflow tweaks. During breakfast, they forgot to give us our order number, which fouled up getting our coffee timely.  I had to approach the barista to ask where our coffee was. His reply was that there were 2 tables with the same order number and he decided to keep the coffees at the station until we claimed it. The coffee then had a taste like it had been burnt. I had also asked the barista  if they had a high chair. I watched him look for a second and then get distracted. I had to walk around the entire place to find where they were located and found it myself.  The food, however, was pretty good. I had the "devils mess", which was eggs to order with local chorizo, veggies in the eggs, and a piece of sourdough toast. No side, which was disappointing and was still hungry. As previously mentioned....it was really good food! I would give it a 4 for food but a 2.5 for portions and service. I really hope they work on a couple of things because I'd like to come back and try dinner soon. There are just too many good places in town to go somewhere and be even a little disappointed.
3	I really like what they've done here. Although I came in here for a takeaway lunch I would love to come back some afternoon for a beer or glass of wine. I hope they add to the menu because it could have benefited from a few more items. I decided on the  burger which was WAY too much bun (but the fries were OK). I wanted something warm so I did not take enough time to take a look at what salads and other pre-prepared items they had in the cooler.I waited for more than 5 minutes before I was acknowledged and my order taken......this was late afternoon so the place was not crowded. The man who took my order also was not familiar with how to ring me up so I think that once the staff is more experienced and perhaps the service fine tuned I'm sure this aspect of the business will be ship shape.So while I wasn't wowed with my experience I'll definitely give these guys another try. Since the bar area is nice (and you can't screw up beer unless it's Natural Ice) I know I'm at least bound to enjoy knocking back a few here!
5	What's not to love about local organic community sustainable fresh everything wrapped into one downtown chill vibe spot?! Yup ... Now if they would just get those BikeForce delivery service guys to deliver to my place in downtown my life would be complete!!!! :) You guys rock #dtphx in every way. Welcome to the cool hood!
1	The worst muffin I have ever ordered and the priciest also. Charging $3.79 for a freakin stale, dry, no taste muffin is basically robbery. How is it possible that there is no quality control tasting this baking disaster? Amy probably can do better than this joke of a "Seasonal" muffin. The seasonal was blackberry, but there was maybe one blackberry total present. I broke it in half to share and the thing fell apart after 1 bite leaving a mess and with just crumbs I couldn't really return the thing. Seriously, if you read this and still get a muffin. your an idiot.
4	From the folks that brought you St. Francis. A quick Friday lunch was on the agenda. Public Market Cafe was new and seemed interesting.Unlike St. Francis, you ordered at the counter and the food is brought out to you. The menu is interesting, but not overwhelming big. We opted for the Del Real Sandwich and the Roosevelt Row Bagel. Both were brought out promptly and done very well. The Del Real had a subtle sweetness to it. The bagel was a two different tastes. Guacamole on one side and hummus on the other. The decor resembles that of St. Francis. A bit utilitarian and semi-industrial. That said, the place was comfortable. We did not check it out, but there is a bar you can sit at as well.
2	We love St. Francis. We're regulars there, and when we heard about the new place, we went to give it a try. We liked the vibe and the location is fine for us -- we're about five minutes away. Should be a popular place on First Fridays! Nice menu, free seltzer water on tap, and you pay up front and they bring your meal to the table. It's a good start. But there were a few things wrong, at least in our first attempt. I'll go back, because I know this place is still working out the kinks. First off, I'm allergic to eggs, and I told them that at the order counter (but admittedly, the conversation was more about the mayonnaise in the coleslaw). They served my pulled pork with an egg bun, unfortunately. The sandwich is about $10, so it's pricey to have as the only thing on the plate. Should be fries with it at that price.One of us got a great looking baked sweet potato that really was consumed quickly. Another person ordered a salad, and it came with a whole lot of ingredients that weren't listed in the menu. It had to go back a couple of times -- they really need to either make it the way it is listed on the menu, or advise those who order that it has a few "bonus items" included ("The Chino," $10.50). The atmosphere is nice and the management is, like St. Francis, very accommodating. I can't give this particular $40 investment anything more than two stars, but I'll be back because I like their potential and the owners were so successful elsewhere that they ought to be able to fix these issues. (And to St. Francis folks, please, please, please . . . Don't put eggs in your buns, or at least offer an alternative, because you do this at both restaurants. Good fresh bakery items don't have to have eggs.)
4	We had a nice breakfast here. Everything was well done and the market was going on outside. Happy to have it in the neighborhood. Excited to come back for happy hour.
5	A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!  My husband and I were ecstatic when we found out about the "Cafe".  We dine often at the St. Francis, therefore we knew that Chef Aaron Chamberlin would do an excellent job with this new venture.  If you go for breakfast the "Chick Pea Pancake" is a must and if you find yourself wanting something light and tasty for lunch then "The Chino" will be an excellent choice.  A nice plus is the free seltzer water on tap !  Our friends who live downtown are very thrilled to have a new fun place to stop in for a quick bite.  This cafe should do very well and a nice addition for the downtown neighbors.  Congratulations Chef Chamberlin & company !
3	Wasn't impressed. We came here one Saturday evening and the place was dead for the most part. We both ordered some drinks, burgers and a ceasar salad to split. Everything was good, but nothing to rave about, and it was very empty which seemed weird for a Saturday night.I'm a big fan of St. Francis so I really expected more. I think I'd like to come back for breakfast when they have the farmers market happening and give it another try.
5	What a great place!!!  Verde pot pie, black bean soup and a wonderful sweet potato with a little chili/lime/coriander thing going on.  Plus, sparkling water on tap right next to the still water spigot for no charge- nice touch!  Lovely patio, great servers and generally nice vibe.  So nice to get cool dining options downtown.
5	All of there food is delicious and sooo healthy
5	This place is awesome.  This place is perfect for college students.  I was able to sit there and finish up some assignments - there is free wifi, get down on some coffee (They even brew cartel coffee!), and enjoy some great food! Located right by TAYLOR PLACE and DOWNTOWN ASU campus & it's just a short walk from Roosevelt row for FIRST FRIDAYS.  The location is prime.    FOOD:  Their vegetables are ultra ultra fresh and their ingredients are all great quality.  They get their stuff from the neighboring farmers market and you can taste the difference in the food when compared to other places.  The chicken is just tempting you as you walk in as they have them rotating in the over right by the cash registers.  I had that, some garlic mashed potatoes and a sweet potato - my life changed. DRINKS: They have some really nice selections available on draft and they have good deals on margaritas and sangrias available by pitcher. I have to say - nothing compares.  Freshly squeezed juices and real fruit - none of this margarita mix BS.   SERVICE/STAFF:  The service was exceptional.  They made sure I had everything I needed when they brought me my order.  The managers and the owners are really nice people.   The layout of the cafe creates a sense of wonder for first time visitors because there is a bar/coffee station, cash registers straight ahead, people eating, yet no servers. They did a good job at explaining the restaurant concept, what they are going for, etc.    If you sit at the bar, you can get FULL SERVICE.  Otherwise you can grab a menu, order at the register, grab a number and sit down - they'll bring it to you.  Pretty neat.   Give this place a try.  You WILL NOT be disappointed.  A nice mom and pop shop that should get more support and credit for sure!
5	Wonderful place for breakfast downtown. The breakfast sammy (see photo) was more heavenly than I thought it could be. I don't know how those eggs were so fluffy, the bread was so great, and the cheese was so rich, but it was amazing. My suggestion: get it and split it with a friend. Neither of us could eat more than half.Also, the atmosphere is just perfect for a Phoenix morning. I'm eager to go back and try more!
5	This place is great! Great food and a awesome and friendly staff.
5	I am impressed. Especially with the coffee. The cold brew I had was better than they even make in house at Cartel (public market uses Cartel beans). I was expecting it to be like any other restaurant coffee: mildly drinkable. However, I actually asked for an extra cup without ice to take home for the next morning. The burger was astounding, the open face almond butter+apples+jam sandwich was perfection. It's a place I'd like to go for a cocktail with my friends at night, but also I place I can imagine spending time in the afternoon studying (they have outlets at every table!!). A great addition to downtown phoenix.
5	I was there for lunch yesterday 7/2/2013 and had th emost amazing experience. We normally go for lunch pretty frequently and I have had nothing but awesome food. i am obssessed with the chicken salad sandwhich and then the Chino salad in that order. I haven't had a bad dessert and I have yet to drink there but that's to come for sure. We go in and oorder and it's packed for lunch. My colleauge and I sit outside, which wasn't too bad for the first 20 minutes and I notice that my food hadn't arrived yet. Just as I was thinking about it , Cory the manager comes out to tell me that they are comping my food. He said that the wait was completely unacceptable and basically that's not how they roll. The truth of the matter is, I would have waited another 20 minutes for that sandwhich. It really made my day to have that happen. It feels like such a rare occassion that people go out of their way and it's nice when to see.
4	We were heading downtown on the lightrail to a D-Backs game and decided to go early and try Sunday brunch at this little cafe just a mile or so north of the stadium. We were greeted by super-friendly servers and were instantly charmed by the decor and set-up. The dining room was full so we sat on the patio. We placed our order at the counter and didn't have to wait more than a few minutes for our drinks. I tried the Melon Mojito- YUM! Our food arrived rather promptly as well and my frittata was delicious as was my boyfriend's pulled pork sandwich. Great service, great food, cute atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place for brunch or lunch!
3	I met up with two of my besties today for brekkie and had, quite frankly, low expectations based on some things I'd heard.  Well, I was pleasantly surprised on a variety of levels.  First of all, my old buddy Mike was manning the coffee bar and made me a kick-ass cup of cold pressed coffee with agave syrup in it.  It was delish!  I had some reservations about the menu but we all found something yummy that pleased the palate.  I had the granola, creme fraiche, and fruit...my only quibble there was too much tasteless watermelon and not enough berries along with way too little granola, especially for the price.  It was enjoyable overall...not quite a "destination" joint based on the menu but it has good wait staff and a cool vibe inside.  So, how to get another couple of stars?1.  offer specials and/or "locals-only" deals.2.  offer more items on the menu for breakfast3.  put the lemon aioli on the menu for the potatoesFancy food combinations aside, value and taste will keep folks coming in regularly.
5	I stumbled across this gem when I was walking to my car from Matt's big breakfast! I took a second to stop by and check things out. Very cool setup inside. Bar Ardenato the right. Large sitting area to the left. Down the middle is the line to order area with side tables that offer house items to purchase. The menu is extensive! Good breakfast options and lunch items. I definitely recommend the AZ Burger with fries! There fries are SO Good!!!! Great setup with excellent service!!
5	At last I have found a restaurant with lip smacking peanut butter cookies in the Valley and I have looked!  Just the kind my Mother, a gourmet cook, would have put in front of me!  If for nothing else than these cookies,  the Phoenix Public Market would get five stars.  As it goes the pork sandwich was very good as was the gazpacho soup with melon balls, a very nice touch.  A nice fennel salad on the side made for a nice over all impression on my taste buds!  Go to this restaurant for an interesting meal and good service.  You'll enjoy it.
4	I have been back to the Cafe several times since my last review (the place is right next to my house!), and I must say, I like this place...a lot. I have tried their lentil soup (very good sweet to savory ratio with the coconut milk), rotisserie chicken (very moist), sweet potato (cooked well, didn't love the butter), French silk pie (ohhhh soooo chocolatey and rich...definitely my fave dessert here), the blondie (a little too sweet, but the BF likes it), and the chocolate stout cake (this is actually one I didn't like...the cake is kind of dry and the frosting is too buttery...not my fave). Also, I went to the elite event here and sampled some delicious food, but I noticed the wonderful porcetta sandwich we got to try isn't on their menu! That needs to be added stat! We also got to try a delicious ice cream sandwich with corn cookies, which tasted like harder and sweeter cornbreads....it was pretty bomb. Further, I tried their Farmer's cup drink (several times even :-P) and it is one of the most delicious drinks I have had in a long time....I love that it is both a little fresh from the cucumber, sweet from the lemonade, and spicy from the basil and pepper. I'll definitely be back (in fact, planning on going tonight for happy hour, which is 3 to close all summer...awesome!). PS They have a special right now where you can get any sandwich and a beer for 8$ on nights when there are D Backs home games....pretty sweet deal.
4	I first tried this during a recent Yelp event and a couple fellow Yelpers and I came back for happy hour and dinner. I just love the feel of this place; bright, wide open and different areas to sit. Their happy hour is daily, 3-close, $5 cocktails and mini pitchers. I enjoyed my bar drinks. I also ordered the soft pretzel with cheese dip ($3). It was okay but I think what made it lackluster was the lukewarm dip. Disappointing. I really enjoyed my pork chile pot pie ($9.50). Both of my friends ordered this too! Mine had a lot of pork in it, my friend did not have hardly any, so that seemed inconsistent. Other than that, I still enjoyed everything. It is a great addition to the area.
4	When the D-Backs have a home game, PPMC offers a sweet deal: $8 for any sandwich or burger and a premium draft beer. You heard me right, ladies and gentlemen--only eight bucks! Just mention the special and it's all yours. I ordered the AZ burger, medium rare. It's topped with grilled peppers and they nailed the med-rare. I can't remember what beer I drank (it was a new addition; I wasn't too drunk). What a great deal! Go, D-Backs!!
5	Best happy hours! 3pm - close!  How fantastic is that?!  I'm not the greatest at ordering food that is not straight forward, so i ordered a chop salad and a mint/cucumber cocktail.  At first, i wasn't too sure if i liked it or not.  But since i didn't stop to take a sip until i cleared my plate, i must have loved my salad.  Then my drink was gone.  I don't know what happened.  It was just all so good.  Everything was fresh with as much local ingredients that they could fit in.  We went back for happy hour again today. Both visits we had an enjoyable time talking with the staff working the bar.  Really looking forward to having a new hangout in the neighborhood.
3	Few yelpers and I went to Happy Hour at Phoenix Public Market Cafe. The soft pretzels and cheese plate was really good. They only make a certain amount so you may not be able to get it on some days. All of us ordered the pork chili pot pie for dinner.  I got my pot pie first, and ended up only having two pieces of pork in the pie.  My pie consist mostly of onions and sauce, hardly any meat.  It was really spicy and needed a small topping of lettuce, tomatoes and maybe guac to cut the heat.  Our waiter asked how we liked it, and I mentioned that mine hardly had any meat in it.  He said "you must of gotten the last bunch before they started making more" ..um that's not a good excuse especially if I'm paying $9.50 for it plus drinks.  I like the fact they start happy hour at 3 pm till close plus they are open early for breakfast.  It's a good place to try downtown and it's owned by the same individual as St. Francis.  It seems to attract an older crowd and families with young kids.
4	This is a great place to kick back and relax with friends or by yourself, in the downtown area. The food and drinks are good, as are the prices. In addition to the main dining and bar area, there is a nice patio for (semi-)al fresco dining or imbibing, The staff provides efficient and friendly service and - for me a big plus in the summer - there's covered parking, except during the times when the farmer's market takes up the covered parking spaces.
4	It's a cute cafe with a great location in downtown. Parking can be a bit of a beast depending on what's going on at the Market, but there's always a space to be found if you're patient. It's a welcoming atmosphere and I love the flowers for sale. The food is very good. The group I went with all ordered something different and tried each other's items. The pork chili pot pie is the way to go, it's got a good taste and consistency of spice to it. The Flanched Flarney Garney (egg sandwich) was good, but it would be amazing if they would change the bread from a hamburger bun to toast. It was way to bready with the bun, I ended up eating the sandwich sans bun.Check in with yelp and get a free cookie. I got a s'more cookie. It was absolutely delicious and stole the show for the meal.
4	Well, this is not a "5" star like it's sister St. Francis, but really close.  The atmosphere is great.  Long picnic tables with low lighting and you counter order.  The food was ok, just not as mouth watering at St. Francis.  It was also a bummer that kids did not eat for free.  I would also like to see a few more items on the menu.The s'more cookie we got for free with our Yelp check in was super tasty.
4	I only came for drinks, but WOW did they do a GREAT job with this place! The decor is very urban and updated, but not pretentious at all! I had a melon mojito that was awesome, and a red sangria that was very good as well. The service was on point, prices right and location perfect! Next time, I'll check out the food on the menu.
5	Limited breakfast menu, but what they have looks delicious. I ordered the Devil's Mess and the New Potatoes. More than enough food for one person - in fact, the New Potatoes order can be shared. What makes this place different from other spots in the area is the covered parking. Yes, free parking is unique for the area - throw in covered lot and it gets an extra half star just for that. If you're from Phoenix and endure summers here you understand.
3	Fritata is good and the chick pea pancakes are amazing...However, this place has a little insect problem (flies) very annoying! And their system of giving you a number and then bringing  your food to you is an absolute mess, both times Ive been here for breakfast I have been given the wrong things or not  given what I ordered at all. Employees seem very confused about who ordered what.I'll def come back because I enjoy the food, but they lost a star from me because the fly situation is gross and annoying
4	Okay so I have to admit I was originally extremely unimpressed. My brother brought home the chopped salad as well as the caesar and some pancakes over the weekend and they were alright but I expected more. The cucumber and pickled onion side salad is delicious but messy people beware! This is a messy persons worst night mare and upon ordering you are asking to just ruin a piece of your clothing.. Still worth it though! Anyways I got in to the cafe today with Cole and we shared the del real sandwich with a cinnamon role. The sandwich will definitely be my go to from here on out. No complaints on the cinnamon role either. They heat the pre made pastry up and top it with cream cheese frosting, yum! Definitely go in soon and redeem your free cookie but tip: stay away from double chocolate and stick to the vegan peanut banana !
5	Great drinks at happy hour and tasty vegan options! Breakfast potatoes can be made vegan and there are plenty of vegan sides and even some pastries.
2	Went in for dinner and had the chopped mediterranean salad and it was not what I was expecting. The salad came with garbanzo beans but it was 70% garbanzo beans on mine. A friend also chose the chopped mediterranean salad and her portion of garbanzo was maybe 20%. I really wanted to send my salad back but was left to eat it after waiting almost 15 minutes for our waiter to make an appearance only to disappear within seconds. He eventually returned 10 minutes later and it was too late.The restaurant was pretty empty when we were seated which leads me to believe the waiter was watching the NBA finals on tv instead of servicing his tables.Nice bar and outside area, service need a a little polishing, and food needs a little work as well. Not saying I won't be back but ill give it a year.
4	I've eaten here 4 times now and the food has always been tasty.  I love the pancakes and there is a great veggie sandwich, it's huge so it can be shared otherwise be prepared for leftovers.  I love that they have sparkling water, my favorite.  It's a little noisy at times and an espresso is 4 bucks but other than that a good place for a tasty meal.
5	Love this place!  Amazing menu, great drinks, super friendly staff, great location and just all around great vibe to this place.  We'll definitely add this to our regular rotation...guess we're not the only ones though as this place gets pretty busy.
3	Came here last Saturday morning for breakfast before visiting the farmers market. After I wasn't overly impressed with my breakfast before (See previous review), I asked the guy at the counter what else he could recommend. Low and behold he suggested the chickpea pancakes for $8! I decided to give them a shot. We took a seat outside under the misters and waited for our food. All the staff is very helpful and I still think its a great patio! Our food arrived a short time later and the two pancakes looked good! A little skimpy on the pecan's (no more than 6 chopped up) and banana's (maybe half a banana?) on the top and a small cup for the syrup on the side. The flavor was good and I was excited at the notion that they were probably healthier than your standard flour pancakes. We're they the best pancakes, no but they were good and a solid choice.
4	This is a great place in Downtown Phoenix. Went in for lunch and ordered their Pot Pie. It was by far one of the best I have ever eaten. Good flavor and just spicy enough.  Great atmosphere and the staff are very friendly and attentive. Nice outside patio area as well.This is a great place to ride your bike to if you live in the Central Phoenix area.  Plenty of bike rack space in front.
4	A friend and I came here for lunch during the week and I loved the laid back yet on spot service we received. I love that you order from the counter and then seat yourself. The ambience of the building is very open, urban, hip, and raw with the exposed ceiling beams. I loved the neighborhood, community feeling mixed in with the urban, raw look of the materials used. I had a pot pie that was amazing!!! It was hearty, filling, and totally hit the spot. I love having a meal that is filling and hearty but doesn't leave me feeling so full that I feel like I'm walking around with a brick in my stomach. The side of Garlic Mashed Potatoes I had were equally amazing as the pot pie. I loved that the potatoes were made fresh, and not overly buttered and salted. I came here the other morning for coffee before heading over to the amazing Phoenix Public Market on Saturday's and was not only very happy with my coffee that I had, but I must say one of the gentlemen working the bar was very easy on the eyes. Just saying!!! Love getting great service, from great looking people too!
4	I have dropped in for a pastry and coffee, lounged around for breakfast, and even savored a happy hour at Phoenix Marketplace.  Always encountered Friendly service and fantastic eats! My new fave dwntwn spot
5	I don't think I give 5 stars often but on the items we ordered, they deserve 5 stars.Ordered the salmon which was pan seared crispy on one side, and rare plus on the inside.  It was seriously one of those unique times when a restaurant just cooked a piece of salmon perfectly.We also had the green chile pork pot pie.  Crust was good, crispy and doughy and very comforting.  The green chile sauce was very flavorful and tasty as well.I had their house chardonnay which was pretty affordable.It's a coffee house/hipster vibe so it's casual and also a place you can eat and just hang out as well.They have a great drink selection (including craft cocktails), I didn't try the cocktails but they all looked good.  Also a full selection of coffee as well.Convenient to the downtown area and a great alternative to some of the more expensive and probably not good restaurants in downtown.Also got a free cookie for yelp check-in!  Peanut butter was great but so is the smore cookie!
4	Stopped in for lunch. Odd set up. Counter service unless you sit at the bar... Community seating. Distinct menu. I had the avocado hummus bagel (Roosevelt row). It was good and perked my curiosity to come back and try some other oddity on the menu.
1	Took over 20 mins to get a bagel served. Upon arrival, there was barely enough cream cheese for half of the bagel! Too bad  as this was my first AND last experience here!
4	I'm slowly becoming more and more of a fan this place. Came here on a random Monday morning after I'd been craving pancakes and wanted a healthier choice. This time I got more pecans and the pancakes really hit the spot. Since they are so big, I was only able to eat one. I found out from the girl who cleared our table though that you are able to order a half order of the pancakes! Yay! Score for a $4 breakfast! In addition, I'd been having a mad craving for a cinnamon roll for the past few weeks and I was surprised when I walked in and saw them in the display case. I of course had to order one, diet be damned! It was fairly good sized and pretty good, definitely taking care of my craving!
5	Great customer service and really good healthy food.  Me and my family ate here after a stop at the science center, we walked a few blocks and relaxed and it was a great atmosphere.  My daughter is 3 and she loved the 9 grain grilled cheese.  We will definitely be back
4	Despite its imperfections, I have to hand it to Yelp. Without it, I would never have noticed the Farm Cup on the menu and even if I had, would never have ordered it. It is right up there with the most delicious cocktail I've ever had (a jalapeno mojito at House at Secret Garden). It's rimmed in salt & pepper and has fresh basil and cucumbers in it. It's slightly sweet and pleasingly sour and absolutely refreshing and delicious.I had the soup-of-the-day--pumpkin, which was sublime. The green chile burger was very good. Hubby's pulled pork sandwich was very good. Baked sweet potato had a yummy relish on it that was unexpected and very tasty.  I did find that the menu is quite limited. I ordered the burger mainly because I couldn't find anything else I really wanted... except the salmon, but at $18 it seemed quite overpriced.The place has a "cool" vibe and some interesting items in the small market area. Due to the large warehouse design, it was noisy. I will definitely return for the Farm Cup and hopefully catch some interesting daily special items.
2	This place is not bad and not great. I came in today for some eggs after the gym, it was maybe 3:02pm and breakfast is over at 3 and I was denied. Now I get that I was 3 minutes late but really??? Couldn't have made me an egg?? That's just ridiculous to lose business over 2 minutes.
4	My 1st visit was delightful. Service: friendly and responsive; my request  to split the 1/2-chicken meal with a friend was readily acquiesced. Food: flavorful, delicious, promptly served. Although I found the broccoli bland, the chicken, garlic mashed potatoes and beet salad broke the flavor barrier. I only wish I had had room for one of their inviting desserts.
4	I was waiting and waiting and waiting . . . .so when they finally did re-open I was so busy with work that it took me a while before I had the opportunity to actually try the new Cafe at Phoenix Public Market. I think I had it so blown-up in my mind that it was going to be good, or even great  that I . . . oh, what the heck, I don't want to lie about it . . .it was fantastic! I ordered the Mediterranean Salad and it was enormous. I tried and tried, but I just could not finish it all. Not for lack of trying believe me . . . and I always save room for dessert. But . . . This time I had to buy my dessert from the bakery case and take it home with me. A very large chocolatey-fudgie cookie. And, believe me that was a "snack" worth waiting for that evening.My only disappointment was the cinnamon roll that I bought for breakfast. It looked beautiful, but a secondary spice that overpowered the cinnamon made it a disappointment.  It was a good roll, just not a great cinnamon roll. My advice is to take out the "other" spice and maybe add a few pecans . . . and whatever you do leave off the sugar icing. A little cream cheese icing would have gone a lot further to help me finish off my breakfast coffee! I did not try the Cafe coffee, since it was a steaming day . . . next time. Oh, yes, I will be back to try some of the other goodies on the menu. Perhaps the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie, or the Roosevelt Row Bagel, or one of their great sounding housemade soups - Southwest black bean, lentil curry coconut soup, or their beans & rice bowl.Hunger is overtaking me . . . do you know where the car keys are?
4	Really fantastic place. Service could use improvement thus the lack of one star.I don't understand anyone's desire to get breakfast anywhere else. Why spend $ on a national chain when you can get bacon eggs and toast here for under $7 WHILE supporting a local business. Delicious coffee too.
5	Phoenix Public Market: where Fresh, Local Conversation and food meet. While I have only been here a small handful of times, I can see this quickly becoming my go-to hangout AND chow down venue. First, let me note that the atmosphere alone for those of us who like casual, urban settings - you will find great solice in this wonderful downtown gem. I sit here with my Iced Chai, and my Devils Mess (A fantastic mess of eggs, farm veg, local made chorizo, and a crunchy slab of home made 9 grain) and my trusty laptop, I have NEVER felt more relaxed in a Downtown cafe. While it is a very nice, hip feeling place chanalling what I'd like to call a slice of Portland in Phoenix, I do not feel the posh annoying stares of Hipsters, and Buisness men. I feel like I belong here, which I think is what they are going for. There is a lovely mix of community seating, and tables - the outdoor seating if truly beautiful - although I have yet to sit out there. Phoenix Public Market Cafe' has combined Urban, Industrial, and Classic Downtown Charm all into one place - AND I AM HOOKED. I find myself invested in the sucess of this place. I really do hope downtown is good for them, I feel they will thrive in this location - being a very short half a block walk from ASU downtown campus. Now to get to the part we all love - THE FOOD. Again as stated previous, I got a Iced Chai and The Devils Mess. The Chai was some of the best I have ever had, and I do consider myself a bit of a Chai snob - It's the only drink I ever buy from a coffee shop or restaurant. This was creamy, but not to sweet and did quench your thirst. PERFECT CHAI BLISS.  The Eggs were really something special, fluffy, but the cilantro and hot peppers added the perfect complement.  The 9 grain was fresh, you could tell it had been made this morning, and was crunchy from grilling on the flat-top. All around some of the BEST breakfast I've had in Downtown Phoenix. I WILL BE BACK VERY VERY SOON!
4	A casual energetic urban center with a MOSTLY health focused menu unless you notice all the baked goods. They do slow wood roasted meats on a rotisserie. You order at the counter get handed a number find your seat and they run your order out to you unless you just go for the grab and go section. Also a small amount of mostly local goods including books and nick knacks and some grains.I tried a salad called Public Market Vegetables. It was a mix of marinated, steamed and raw vegetables and went for the add on chicken up charge. It was a very fresh tasting salad with a stunning mix of vegetables of different textures. Carrot ribbons and spiral crisp carrot spaghetti, sprouts, fresh dill, spinach leaves and marinated cauliflower, broccoli and other vegetables. The white meat chicken seemed poached and was very fresh. For me this salad had too much acid in the dressing or maybe just combined with the marinated vegetables for me but I still thought it was a very above average salad.My husband loved the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie. The pork was tender with a really perfect spice level and all that tasty sauce just melted into the crust like butter.They have all kinds of seating here. Sofas tables with chairs and bench tables.The restrooms are unisex.Your silverware is in a bin on your table and you have to hope little kids didn't play with your utensils before you used them.
4	This is a nice welcome change to the choices of restaurants for the Downtown Phoenix ASU campus.  I've been quite a few times during busy times during lunch and off times such as 2/3 pm.  I've had the bagel sandwich, Del Rio, a couple of salads, and the rice bowl.  All have been pretty good.  The Del Rio sandwich sometimes has lacked all the ingredients listed on the menu.  The bagel sandwich (one bagel with hummus and the other with guacamole) is huge.  It is not good leftover though.  The rice bowl has an interesting taste and is pretty filling.   I've ordered side vegetables which are tasty.  The baked goods have been hit or miss. The dark chocolate cookie looked good but had no flavor whatsoever.  The carrot cake cookie sandwich was very good though. The service is sometimes good, sometimes really rude.  The cashiers are sometimes rude.  Sometimes they are nice.  The last few times I went, the cashiers act like I'm annoying them by just being there and ordering food.  Almost every time I've been, something has been left off my order. The last time something was missing, the guy brought it and just slammed it down on the table. Thanks!
5	Really cosy and innovative place. Lentil curry coconut soup was amazing..worth a visit.
4	Been here three times and have really come to enjoy it. Very cool design, food has never been a disappointment, and the beer list is good and features some locals. When the weather is right, the outdoor patio is very enjoyable and gives a bit of seclusion from downtown. The only thing I wouldn't mind seeing improved is the service, or at least getting a better understanding of the service setup. Unless you're sitting at the bar, it's order at the register and they bring it to you. If you're at the bar, you get a bit more service. Not a huge deal, and it makes sense now that I've been a few times, but I could see it being confusing. I'm glad to see this space seeming to do well and look forward to being back. Besides, the video of the plants growing is really interesting and a fun way to reconnect with nature in an urban environment.
5	Stopped in for breakfast with my boyfriend. He did not like his orange juice because he's never had fresh squeezed and thought it was too pulpy and not sweet enough but I thought it was great. He did, however love the super crispy bacon and his giant bagel with cream cheese. I had toast with cranberry jam, very different and delicious, and the fried new potatoes may be the best potatoes ever. Unbelievable. The.giant cookie I got free was delicious too.
4	Our first meal in Phoenix. we just landed and picked up the rental car. The first thing we did was to Yelped food. Anytime I see public market in the results it is usually a safe bet. Right we were. A great funky spot Burgers sandwiches baked goods coffee, Oh my. it was so good it was our first and on the way home our last stop...
5	This is becoming one of my favorite spots to hang out in downtown Phoenix. Firstly, all of the workers here are friendly. Secondly, the food is great (My favorites are the AZ burger, Chicken salad sandwich, or the pulled pork sandwich). Thirdly, they have one of the best happy hours in town. 3pm-close you can get half priced cocktails, wine, and for 5 dollars you can get a pitcher of beer, which is perfect for hanging out with a friend. Their selection isn't incredible, but everything they have is good.Do yourself a favor and give it a try!
4	My friend and I had lunch here and had a wonderful time. He had the Roosevelt bagel and a vegan oatmeal banana cookie. I had the black bean soup. The food was so fresh and the environment was so inviting. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the mild sunny day. One thing I loved about this place is when you get a water, you have the option to get regular or carbonated water. I love sparkling water so this made me really happy.
4	I'm done eating and I thought I would put down a few thoughts and questions.  The space is great the look, fixtures the bar and counter are all done well I love the view of the kitchen. We came for a late breakfast , oatmeal was good we wished all the accompaniments had come separately oatmeal is a dish we think a lot of people might have their own special mix for.  I had a standard eggs, bacon, potato, toast.  I asked for a extra egg it never showed up but my girlfriend order one egg scrambled on the side an I'm pretty sure my extra egg over easy made it in to her frying pan.  I don't get the counter service,  a number of places around town have it.  How much do I tip and how much are your servers getting paid?  What do I do if I feel that my visit was inadequate ? It seemed you were over staffed yet I didn't get the quality attention I expect.  A waiter needs the tips at the end to stay motivated.  I'm a waiter and I would hate having to run food here and not know from looking at the ticket who ordered which item, auction every plate of food at a table is bad service.  Your staff Is great they are friendly and comfortable with their roles, If any thing they could get pushed to work harder and make a few more bucks  with tips and hourly I hope your FOH staff is averaging $20 per hour
4	Oat risotto is amazing! Perfect balance of oatmeal, nut medley, and fresh fruit. Topped off with a pair of fresh danishes and an almond milk latte... Eaten outside in the sun... Perfect welcome to Phoenix!
5	I love this place! I have been to numerous places with the same business plan in mind, but what makes this place EXCEPTIONAL is their service! Who doesn't love friendly hello from the cashier? I was craving breakfast so I had the Rooster Booster! It came out in a timely manner and was exactly as I would have expected it. I am looking forward to coming back for happy hour now that I work in the neighborhood!
5	I love this place. Great food, excellent servers, awesome indoor/outdoor architecture. Phoenix Public Market has it going on. Except for one thing.What is UP with the beer selection? The obsession with high gravity IPA's, Hefe's, or sweet dark beers-- at Phoenix Public Market & elsewhere-- is so tired. In an era & in a neighborhood where there are lots of tap selections like this, why not diversify and have an intelligent, crisp pilsner on line? I'm not talking Bud or Stella (blech...), but something like Polestar, 4 Peaks Poppin Pils, Firestone Pivo (2013 GABF gold medal winner), or one of about a dozen other delicious crafts available? Or, an awesome german pilsner (Spaten? Lowenbrau?).  I find it quite mystifying. Whoever makes the beer selection, pretty please expand the Market's palette & swap out a line or two... make an intelligent selection or two of delicious pilsners and you'll sell TONS more beer, I so guarantee it!  Thirsty, with my fingers crossed...
5	The Lee Trevino cocktail is yummy!  The veggies and garlic mashed potatoes are to LIVE FOR!
3	First time today at PPMC. Loved the layout of the cafe. Warm, welcoming and casual. Great menu to choose from. The food lived up to its promise that had the front of the house not been a total disaster, I would have given 4.5 stars. Regrettably, once the food left the kitchen, it seemed like the staff did not know what to do with it. Several if our items just sat there waiting to be picked up. Items were missed and even though the staff was very courteous in making amends, the experience was ruined.
4	I had the pork pot pie and it was AMAZING! Also had the cranberry Mojito which was great as well
5	Solid option for food, ambiance and free wi-fi + add character with an indoor & outdoor space that oozes comfortable cool.  Steel cut oats risotto was a solid way to start the day.
5	Fantastic, not expensive, Beans and rice are on point
4	Food is good and the bar is fun to sit at.  Can be a little crowded sometimes.  I highly recommend the pretzels.  They are delicious and so warm!  They are great to snack on in the winter with a beer.  The service is very good and friendly.
2	Beautiful space, but the experience--particularly the service--was a letdown for this St. Francis fan. Service on the Tuesday we visited with a party of 6 was painfully slow despite a quiet dinner crowd. Our server repeatedly pointed out that he didn't know much about the menu because he usually works at St. Francis. He was pleasant but distracted, forgetful, and uninformative. They were out of pot pies even though the place was virtually empty and "the computer said" they had two left according to our server. The prime rib special was cooked perfectly, but under-seasoned. Might try again for a weekday lunch, since that's when this place should really shine, but I'll stick with St. Francis for dinner.
5	This place is our new favorite spot. On Saturdays after perusing the Phoenix farmer's market in the parking lot next door, we come here for brunch. This place used to be a little market & cafe but they really did a great job reconstructing it. The patio area has sleek, long wooden benches and tables along with a fireplace and a bar area. And, it's dog-friendly!I have dined here a few times and haven't been disappointed. I've tried the pesto frittata, beans & rice bowl, the open-faced veggie melt and the vegetarian Del Real sandwich (my favorite veggie sandwich everrrr). My boyfriend LOVES their Flanched Flarney Garney sandwich filled with bacon, eggs and avocado. Their bread is fantastic and you can take home a loaf, too. They have a fantastic happy hour that we've been meaning to take advantage of. It's every day from 3-close and their five rotating draft selections look great. Oh, and their coffee is divine.Great food, generous portions, lovely ambiance, perfect patio and a friendly staff. We're hooked.
5	I absolutely fell in love with this place !!  It's super cute and the staff is amazing ! The pancakes are to die for ! Best pancakes I've ever had ! It's a MUST GO !!!!
5	Very modern looking place. I Like the chicken sandwich I had. The lemonade was perfect. Didn't taste like concentrate as usual. Service was sweet and informative. The girl seemed to know what she was talking about whenever asked about the menu. They were pretty quick at bringing our food out as well. We had arrived just before the lunch rush hour flowed in. Over all...an excellent lunch time experience.
4	They have some amazing pastries here. Right now they have the most amazing strawberry pop tart. It is definitely worth getting. It's not overly sweet which was the best part. Hats off to the chef!
4	Came here only for drinks, the kitchen was already closed. Great atmosphere and location, the staff are friendly and easy to get along with! Had a great time.Will definitely return to this cafe for some lunch and happy hour before a game downtown.
1	First time a guest and I went to PPMC, we ordered from the counter and sat at the bar. We were immediately scolded for ordering at the counter and taking a seat at the bar. Apparently, one must be seated at the bar to order if you are to be seated there.So I went back solo today....sat at the bar. I chose one of only a few seats available. There were some used plates and glasses on the bar at my place that the previous patron had just left. I asked the bartender if it was OK that I sat there. He assured me that he would clear the plates/glasses and get me started. 10 minutes later, nothing...no eye contact, no clearing of the old crap and no acknowledgement that I was there. Subsequently, I left. Ordering nothing and having no professional service.This place is cool....the ambiance is great...but honestly, the service SUCKS. There are many places I could chose from in that vicinity that has stellar service AND food/drinks. So I chose to go to one of those instead.It is a shame that a bartender cannot multi-task and an establishment is void of customer service.Come on PPMC....get it together! I don't think I will come back. Lux, Rumbar. and a host of other establishments puts short pants on your service. You may "look" good, but if cannot deliver, I'm out.I will say that the brandy spiked sangria (which we had during our first visit) is extraordinary. Try it.....unfortunately, I'll go down the street to Carly's for their own version and get some proper service.
5	Favorite neighborhood spot. Aaron Chamberlain really wowed me with his new restaurant. I love how he and his team renovated the space but kept true to the community as well as the name and the feel.  The food is delicious, breakfast favorites are the Devils Mess, Flarney Garney and Frittata. For lunch, the Chino salad or grilled cheese are excellent. For dinner, my boyfriend loves the pot pie and when decide to splurge, their roast chicken is so flavorful and moist. I also like their sweet potatoes and island bowl wih fresh blanched veggies, aioli and nori. Yum. Okay I'm drooling. The best part about this place in my opinion is that it's easy, the service is great, there are so many options for people with different eating styles that I feel comfortable bringing most anyone from my parents, to friends, to a visitor to show them a place that represents the heart of Phoenix.
5	Such a cute restaurant! Went there for breakfast - good coffee and their new potatoes were amazing.
3	DW and I were just walking around DT from the underwhelming Phoenix Festival of the Arts when we came across this place.  Stopped in for a draft with pretzels and jalapeno cheese sauce.  The sauce was tasty but the pretzels were overdone.  Service was attentive and food selections were different enough to warrant some epicurean exploring on future visits.
5	This place is amazing, the staff is friendly and helpful and the food is spectacular!! When I'm downtown I try to come here as much as possible!  Also if you wanna get a drink, the Farmers Cup is to die for!!
4	Hip and relaxed, without breaking the bank. We'll be back.
5	Delicious!
1	My husband and I had an early Sunday and decided to try Phx Public Market. It was a horrible. They were not ready for early customers; we sat at the bar and had to ask if they were serving drinks after 15 mins no one even said hello. Our waitress/order taker forgot what I ordered (her one job). We got the Churchill is was subpar I do not recommend this place especially early on the morning.
5	Absolutely great food with local ingredients and not too expensive for what it is. I would recommend the rice bowl, soups, pretzels, and especially the sandwiches because the bread is amazing. Absolutely great. Great little place with outdoor seating and funky indoor seating. Fantastic food, great joint.
1	Visited this place the evening of Sunday, December 22nd. We arrived a little after 9pm. My friend and I sat at the bar excited to have a couple drinks and enjoy what seemed to be a really fabulous ambiance. We sat down, took off our coats, got comfy and got ready to order drinks. It was at this point the bartender said they were closed. We looked around and the guys next to us at the bar had shiny new and full pints. We told the bartender that it was only 9:05pm and all he said was sorry and shrugged his shoulders. Not sure what we did to piss him off (if we did) but sheesh that was shitty! Plan to tell everyone I know and I'll make sure to never go there again. May not even go to Food Truck Fridays anymore either...
5	Not only am I impressed with the food and location, I'm impressed with the employees.  And no, I'm not personal friends with any of them.  :)  I have been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and had great experiences every time!  I especially love the salmon. It was amazing.  But what really stood out is the genuine people that work there.  One morning, a handicapped man that appeared to be a regular was talking to an employee.  Although she was busy with the restaurant, she took the time to talk to this man that needed help.  She was very patient and kind despite the hectic restaurant.  Very impressive.  Felt like a legit local restaurant.  I will continue to be back and bring my friends.
5	So much fun!
5	Had to add on that we had a delicious green Chile burger and the pretzels and cheese are divine!
3	This is a really interesting place to get a quick bite or something sweet to eat.  I love that it's a local business and right next to the Phoenix Public Market.  In terms of quality of food, things here are great.  The menu is simple, but done well and local ingredients and artisans are showcased here.  The only two downsides I have experienced in my several visits, are the inconsistencies when it comes to their coffee bar - the drinks I've had just weren't very good, and when you go at night when seating is required, it feels really disorganized.  All in all, I would recommend that you give this place a try - I feel like they could work out those little kinks and be a really great local place to enjoy some great meals and interesting cocktails.  Try the Farmer's Cup and the Chicken Salad Sandwich. Both are fantastic!
5	What a great little spot in Downtown Phoenix. We were just passing through and thanks to Yelp, we found this gem. The food was fantastic: eggs, pancakes and the corn cookie was heavenly. Will definitely be back.
5	I loved that it was relaxed enough we could sit with our dog on the cozy padded seating in front of a beautiful fireplace and enjoy our ridiculously delicious sandwich ( porkchetta). If you are a gingerbread enthusiast...which I am....their dark,moist gingerbread topped with molasses, candied ginger slices, figs, and currants was delectable and will definitely bring me back in the future! Easily the best meal I've had in months.
4	A great gem in DT Phoenix with fresh market fare, wood burning rotisserie chicken, pork, & prime rib. Freshly baked food intoxicate the dining room with yummy comfort. Seasonal, fresh, creative menu, helpful and eager staff. Make sure to order the rotisserie chicken with yummy hand cut fries.
5	It is easy and quick to order and the food is great. The environment is good for starting conversations and my BF and I enjoyed the time there.
4	The Del Real Sandwich was well-proportioned and had a rather full and rich flavor for a vegetarian sandwich.  However, I quickly became jaded with it by the second half.  The Angelhair Pasta was appropriately spicy and the Southwest Black Bean Soup was adequate.  All in all, the ingredients were fresh, the preparation of the food was on point, and the service was quick.  The restaurant itself has a rustic meet urban look.
4	Service could have been better but the food was delish! So good that it warrants a second visit!
5	I went here for coffee on a Sunday morning.  This place is amazing the coffee was a strong and great.  Every single staff member that i came in contact with was fantastic.  I can not wait to try this place for breakfast or lunch.  My only complaint there is not enough seating.
5	I love everything about this concept. It is remarkably adorable inside and has a great outdoor area too, not to mention it is home to food truck Friday - best day of the week! The food is pretty good as well. I love love the fresh and uniquely blended juices and the fact that it is all local. The owners of St. Francis killed it!
4	With an environment Similar to one of Seattle or Portland, phoenix public market cafe has unmatched vibe to rest of the cafe/restaurant in the valley of the sun. The place has its pros and cons to it, but overall if in the neighborhood definitely try it out. The AZ burger is quite phenomenal, green chilies and a medium cooked burger goes quite delicious with either a iced coffee and a cold pint of Deschutes.
4	Stopped by here for lunch.  Got the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie.  Savory, scrumptuous, complex.  Sorta like a chicken pot pie, but with a twist.  Also got the fresh orange juice, which was on point.The ambience is probably the best part, it's open market style.  Felt like being in Portland or something.
4	Great food! Great service! I will go back!
4	Love the atmosphere. What a cool find. Too bad about the loooong wait for food.We heard they were dog friendly so we had lunch here on New Years Day after going to the dog park downtown. We placed a food order and we were warned that the wait for food was around 30 minutes. Which was fine by us. We picked up a pastry to hold us over and I ordered a bloody mary. Ordering a cocktail can be kind of confusing. You can either go to the bar separately to order one, or order one at the food counter like I did. But then I had to go to the bar and tell the bartender that I ordered a bloody mary, and give him my table number. I guess they go by the honors system. The self seating system can be a little chaotic, and you may have to wait around for people to leave. Many people park themselves at a table and stay for what seems like hours. The patio is dog friendly and the staff is very accommodating with dogs, but be warned that it is a little cramped and may not be suitable for larger breeds.We polished off our decadent chocolate filled croissant. It was perfect. My bloody mary was awesome too, brimming with garden goodness. My only complaint is they are damn expensive. $9. Kind of ridiculous for a mid day cocktail.The 30 minute wait turned into a 45 minute wait. The staff apologized profusely for the delay. I guess the kitchen got slammed unexpectedly. Luckily we had the day off and no where else to go, so we didn't mind too much.My hubby and I both had the egg sandwich, but mine without bacon. It was scrumptious. Every ingredient was top notch. My only complaint about the sandwich is that on the menu it said it has avocado when actually it is guacamole. The problem with this guacamole is that it was full of raw onion. I DESPISE raw onion. If I would have know I would have skipped the guac. May sound finicky but I scraped off every piece of onion off the sandwich before I ate it. We also shared a side of breakfast potatoes which were cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. Yum.The staff is helpful, warm, and a lot of fun. Even with the raw onion issue, the expensive bloody mary, and the long wait for food, the exceptional service and yummy food made up for the shortcomings. We look forward to our next visit and can't wait to sample the rest of the menu.
5	Love LOVE this place.  You will too!  Same owner that owns St. Francis on Camelback.  Two tips:  1. Why wait an hour at Matt's Big Breakfast if you can get an even better breakfast here with no wait (yes, I have had every menu item!).  2. While the lunch and dinner menu has at least one item that will wow you, so too will the homemade desserts!Order at the counter and then find a place to sit.  The beautiful food will somehow find you.
5	After craving a late breakfast, I sat at the bar and ordered the Rooster Booster. This meal consists of 2 eggs any style, bacon, toast, and potatoes. I inquired if I could alter this by subbing chorizo instead of bacon and replacing the toast with their farm vegetables, which was braised turnips and Swiss chard that day. The bartender was very nice and said it should be no problem at all. My plate arrived not long after and it was overflowing with foodporn. Even the guy who brought it to me from the kitchen said, "Here you go, that looks *really* good!" And let me say, this meal was EXACTLY what I was looking for. I fully regret not taking a picture of the beautiful and colorful bounty. I crave vegetables (morning, noon, and night) and breakfasts often fall extremely short of them. The turnips and chard were unbelievably good and tied everything together wonderfully.I pleasantly surprised when receiving the bill to discover that I was not charged for adding farm vegetables. Super score!If you are looking for organic, local food in a relaxed and comfortable environment, look no further and support this terrific cafe!!
3	OK - to preface everything - I sincerely like the food at this place. I like the space itself, indoors and out, and want to support local restaurants, farmers, artisans, etc. For the most part, I am docking this place down for terrible service and a terrible service model for food that isn't cheap.The fact of the matter is that this place operates on a Pei-Wei type service model. Order at the front, tip (for service you don't receive) and your food is brought out to you and you are never talked to again. Fill your own water. Wait, you want another drink, well go get it yourself from the bar.However, what seems to be the service exception is the bar. Which is why I like to sit at the bar. You're supposed to have service because you are paying after you eat.But - you see, I have been here probably 5 times in the past 4 weeks. Out of those times, I would say 4 of them I or my friends have had to flag down the bartender or the server (not sure if they are really supposed to be servers, because they don't ask how your food is, or provide much service other than delivering the food) in the restaurant for an item. And  I mean chase a bartender/server down to get a drink when there is no one at the bar. The seats at the bar weren't always filled, and bartenders aren't stressed with orders, just dawdling and not paying attention to customers at all. Cleaning the espresso machine, making lemon twists, making orange juice, not paying any attention to what is going on with their customers. Each time I have been seated at a bar, the bartender has never proactively ever asked me what I would like to drink, nor have they asked if I would like a refill. Same goes for the restaurant - seated at a table - our food took 25-30 mins to come out, (fries 5 mins after the burger) and after it came out, the server was nowhere to be found. (But again, are they really servers? Are they supposed to provide service?) All we needed was some extra silverware and some extra ketchup. (Fries only come with one little cup of ketchup) Once we saw her, I ordered a new drink - and that took another 15-20 minutes to come out, at which time, I was close to finished with my food.Overall, when the food comes out, it is good. However, the burger is $10 and doesn't include fries ($3 and ask for them extra crispy)... and remember... no service. So I am conflicted - if I want a good burger and no service, I might as well go to Five Guys (cheaper and better) or it's this place's sister restaurant St. Francis, where I can pay about the same price for burger and fries and have a server.Finally, the local wares. Yes! I want to support local - I'm not sure who is doing the pricing on these items. A cotton grocery bag with a screen print of the logo - $14? That is nuts! I can get one at Fresh and Easy for $.99. Again, I get the local thing. But appropriate pricing is also relevant. A 2.2 lb bag of flour for $9? I would pay around $5 - because it's local, but $9? When the pricing is so drastically different than what you can get at the grocery store ($2.49 for 5 lbs of flour) it does a disservice to local producers as the price is so disproportionate its somewhat unaffordable to buy local. (And 2.2 lbs of flour isn't going to last long.) I would definitely encourage you to try this out (and the market next door). It's definitely worth a look. Just don't expect any service.
5	Great service and food. Definitely will be coming back for the delicious burger for lunch
5	Randomly went here during my emergency trip to Phoenix and ordered quinoa salas. It was amazing and helped with my stress at the time. Had a good time here.
4	Great service today! I definitely recommend The Hulk fresh squeezed juice! Delish! Lots if friendly staff here today!
5	In the mood for a great dessert? COME HERE!!!!Had a wonderful late lunch here the other week. We tried the BBQ pork and the AB&J.BOTH DELIGHTFUL!!! I have been craving it ever since!We also got a couple of baked goods A couple for there, a couple to take home. We tried the chocolate cream pie (I think that's what it was called)... PURE HEAVEN!!!!!Creamy chocolate filling on top of caramel, nestled in a crumbly sweet and salty chocolate shell, topped with some type of amazing whipped sweet creme. WOW! A MUST TRY!  We loved it so much that we ended up being 5 total to take home and share with people. I also took home a pecan sandie cookie, a chocolate cream filled sandwich cookie, and a homemade pop tart. ALL WERE TO DIE FOR!!! That stuff barely lasted the weekend! We loved this place so much that we are HIGHLY considering make a grab-n-go station at our upcoming wedding out of their delicious sweet treats. You must tell people of this wonderful wonderful place!
4	This cafe is brilliantly designed and the food is fabulous. You go up to the tills to order but its table service from there. The refillable water and lemon   especially lovely and refreshing in the heat. I had the pulled bbq pork burgers which was delicious served with a quarter of a pickle and a slice of watermelon. Lovely atmosphere along with the brilliant food and service.
4	Ya, I know, another update. I had to write about how much I love this place's happy hour. It is 3-close everyday. You heard me, everyday! Amazing. I have been here a whole bunch for happy hour including before the rehearsal dinner with a large group for my wedding, a friend's birthday, and new years eve. You can't beat it, pitchers and cocktails for 5$. The service here is a little inconsistent...there is a guy who works the bar who seems to space out and doesn't acknowledge your existence...not cool, but the girl who works behind the bar with the 'hawk is awesome! Funny, great at making drinks, and friendly. I am still in love with the farmer's cup and get that every time. I have also had their special white sangria, which is delicious, the marg  (which is good, but strooong), and the red sangria, which is good but the farmer's cup prevails as my favorite (can't beat the sweet/sour/fresh/spicy combo and the salt and pepper rim). I recently was introduced to their pretzels and cheese sauce.... oh my goodness that stuff is wonderful. The cheese sauce is spectacular... I can eat it with a spoon (and I have). It is so flavorful, kind of oniony and creamy and delicious... I can't even describe it, you just need to go taste it. It comes with two soft pretzels that are the perfect consistency and come out hot and ohhh so good. Go there. Get it. Thank me later. PS what happened to the porcetta sandwich from the Yelp event? Put it on the menu guys, it is so awesome, the world must taste it. K thanks. Also, if you all were open later than 10, I would come out... just sayin.pps I brought home a strawberry 'poptart' and ate it tonight (a day later) and it was ridiculously good... So flaky and delicious, just the right amount of sweet... Yummmm.
5	If you live in the vicinity of the PPMC....I supremely envy your the blessing of your proximity.  Simply put: if you enjoy delicious food, don't wait for Wednesday/Saturday to roll around.  Celebrate your taste buds!  Go forth, and fill . your . face!I popped over for Saturday morning breakfast.  I opted for the full service bar, though you may order at the counter and seat yourself (later in the day they have patio seating near a woodstove!).  At 7am it was easy to get a seat, but I had been warned that Saturday is their busiest day - so be wary of late brunch rush.  Each of their breakfast offerings were tempting, but I was captivated by the Evans-Churchill.  Two poached eggs over market-fresh veg sauteed in agave + pesto, dressing up a foundation of quinoa.  Vegan/gluten-friendly and all for $10.25.A cup of Cartel coffee (so delicious it needs not cream nor sugar!), and my Evans-Churchill + a side of potatoes ($4 for 4 baby-fist sized potats!) - I was in heaven.  Sunshine, excellent indie-rock buzzing through the room, a video loop of reaching and growing radishes over the course of 42 days, and did I mention the flavor explosion in my mouth?  AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!While I was absolutely busting at the seems, my eyes were still hungry for more more MORE of the menu!  Freshly squeezed juices offer the perfect compliment to the full bar offerings.  So SOOOO many plates: Eat the Rainbow (steamed and raw veg with a variety of sauces), Chicpea Pancakes (with banana and almond), House Pretzels (with jalapeno cheese sauce) - the list goes on, and is ever-evolving, revolving with the seasons.And for checking in on Yelp, I got to take a cookie (a scrumptious pecan sandie) for the road!  The PPMC is one of those places that when you leave, you look longingly over your shoulder and whisper like Harry Potter, "I'm not going home, not really."  The tip top crown of my brief Western adventure, and so much to warm a polar vortex heart.  I will return to AZ, if only for another breakfast in the sunlit table tops of the PPMC.
4	Breakfast, lunch or dinner - you can't go wrong at this urban relaxed hangout downtown.   It's open -- we've frequently shared benches and tables with other patrons and the location has patio seating.The Phoenix Public Market Cafe supports local farmers and vendors.  For breakfast - I've had the Devil's Mess - eggs, fresh veggies, chorizo and chiles and the Fresh fruit with Oatmeal and Yogurt.  Both are delishish!    Any of their sandwiches are fatastic as well!Plenty of free parking available as well!
3	I love the food, it is amazing. Small, quaint, great cocktails. Terrible terrible service during dinner. We had a person come to our table 5 minutes after sitting down to get us menus and tell us our server would be right with us. Then another girl came and gave us water and while we started asking questions about food she said she didn't know anything about the menu and our server would be right with us. Ok? Then our server finally shows up, we order and food takes 20 minutes. With two small children this wait was long but we know how to entertain our kids so it wasn't the end of the world.  We are never disappointed with our food here but this is the second time we've dined here for dinner and I just think they need more ambitious people to serve food. They have no desire to "serve" anyone.
4	We ended up here after we failed at eating at Matts Big Breakfast. Thank goodness! As I walked up to the door, there are bicycles parked out front and vegetables growing beneath the windows. My kind of place!This is a "walk up and order" joint which usually gives me anxiety as I feel rushed into a decision. There was a "calm" about the room that made me feel at ease. The kids got pastries which were heavenly!!! I wish I would have gotten one. The egg dish I hair (frittata) was ok but nothing special. The service here is AMAZING. We were checked in on several times and in a very genuine and non-obstructive way. Would definitely recommend.
1	The mettle of a restaurant is measured by how the staff reacts when they mess up. In my case, after waiting 28 minutes for poached eggs, I went up to the counter to ask where my order was. I was asked to wait a few more minutes, so I questioned whether my order was even started (these are poached eggs after all).  My question was met with lots of attitude from Nicole, who was unapologetic and informed me that it "takes time" to sautee the vegetables (spinach LOL) that come with my eggs.  A little dumbfounded, I waited for an apology, a gesture of regret, an attempt to make it right, but that's apparently beyond the customer service capabilities of this place. So I requested my money back, went home, and had eggs ready in 90 seconds.
5	Great foodOnly one problemI don't like is that they put the silverware in a tin in the center of the tables. People cough, and talk over it which makes it not sanitary.
4	Three words:  Salted Caramel Macaroon.  The food was distinctive, atmosphere hip and fun, service fine but the glittery, indulgent simple dessert was damn near perfection.  In case you missed it, Salted Caramel Macaroon.
5	Great fresh bloody mary's!  Food was very good, and the atmosphere has a a lot of energy.
3	A group of friends came here for National Margarita Day. We had guacamole, ceviche and a couple of margaritas. The guacamole was mediocre, ceviche a little bland and the margaritas were just right. The service was extremely slow and it took them a couple of times to get our order right.
5	Amazing food, atmosphere , drinks... Even if you do not live close by, it is for sure worth a drive!
4	Well, just left full and happy on an AZ Burger (beef burger with green chiles) and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were good-sized and flavorful on a good-quality bun. Delicious, cold seedless globe grapes as a garnish.We also each had a pastry, and thought they were quite good.A great spot for brunch or lunch.
5	This place has delicious food with a unique menu. Great for breakfast, brunch or lunch. Really nice, trendy atmosphere with a outdoor seating, heaters and a fire pit. It also has the best latte I've ever had in Phoenix, and as an Australian, that's a big deal!!
5	Every time I come to Phoenix, I feel as if I have found my go-to lunch spot but Phoenix Public Market Cafe has set the bar too high. First off, awesome decor and interior design. They allow their customers to choose how casual or proper they'd like to be with their picnic bench style, coffee table and bench or regular table arrangements. A seating arrangement for every soul and mood. I liked the barbed wire bathroom art too - very ranchero. Food: lentil and cocunut milk soup was awesome if you want a vegetarian version of Thai Tom Kha soup. Regardless of weather, soup always warms the soul. I also ordered The Rachel and that was another great sandwich with their delicious rotisserie chicken. Swiss cheese, red cabbage and that Russian sauce is always a great mix but then add some sourdough and I am sold. As a bread snob, I loved the sourdough and its toasted perfection. A++ for a great lunch under $10-15
4	Everyone is going to be talking about this place soon enough if they are not already. I got the El Diablo Burger at one of the trucks. One of the best burgers I've ever had - BUT... it was slightly undercooked for my liking. Visit now before you have to fight the lines.
4	Very cool place! Fresh ingredients and awesome bread really makes their sandwiches delicious. I decided to go with the Rachael and I was not disappointed, I can't wait to go back!
1	If you want to get the squirts, order their frittata (which sucked BTW - bland, very little pesto sauce, veggies, hidden by a mound of bitter greens. I couldn't tell if I was eating a salad on an omelette or the other way around).  The cafe latte was good, but small for a 'regular' sized coffee.  I was hoping to have a filling breakfast, butt, in the next several hours, everything came back out...
2	Do they not do counter service anymore? My wife and I come here 2-3 times a week for breakfast/lunch. We always sit at the counter and get service from the bartender. Today we say at the counter for a good 5 minutes while the two girls behind the bar refused to even make eye contact with us. The restaurant was slow, so I can't believe they were just too busy to acknowledge us. I finally got up and ordered our breakfasts from the main counter. If the counter service aspect of the place has been removed, maybe give us a heads up? Or, if your counter staff just can't handle 4 people at the bar at once, maybe it's time for a staffing adjustment.
2	I'm so disappointed in this place I had to write this review right away. I came here this evening for happy hour. I saw they had woodchuck on draft for $5 a pitcher and I just had to check it out! I came with my friend and it took us 17 minutes to be seated! Not too horrible if it was busy, however it wasn't busy. The problem was that there was a sign that says wait to be seated, then the bartender said it was all open seating, then after sitting at the tall table next to the bar we were told by the host it wasn't open for seating THEN he clocked out and never actually seated us so as soon as 2 stools opened at the bar we just sat there since no one came back for us. Seating issue figured out. Yay! On to chips and salsa... We ordered chips and salsa which took 29 minutes to come out. I felt like we were being punked or something. Even the nice ladies next to us mentioned to the bartender that we were still awaiting our chips. Btw the salsa and guac was mediocre at best. After all of this we weren't even interested in ordering an entree. I had my eye on the pot pie but they were out of it anyway. To sum it all up, if you are going to sit at the bar and are only interested in the happy hour specials, great! If you want good service, go elsewhere.
1	I went in for breakfast this morning and ordered poached eggs- over hard (yolk cooked through). We waited for a LONG time and when the food came the eggs were very runny. I pointed this out and was offered hard boiled eggs, as apparently they were unwilling to bring me eggs the way I ordered them. What I got was HORRIBLE! I was given 2 freezing cold hard boiled eggs that had obviously been sitting in their refrigerator for some time.  This is unacceptable. I was clearly not happy but was dismissed. I would never go back to this place - EVER!
5	Seriously OBSESSED with this place! So glad I ventured over to this gem instead of the typical restaurants on campus. I looove the ambiance. Food takes slightly longer to come out but being fresh and local I think it is worth it. The carrot ginger soup is amazing. They have great macaroons, grilled cheese, fresh cut fries, it's all wonderful!
2	We came downtown for Food Truck Friday today to try and grab some lunch. Unfortunately, when we got there, a lack of cash (poor planning), indecision, long lines and extreme hunger lead us to head to PPM where we could pay with a card and get served more quickly. Now I wish I wouldn't have been so hangry (hungry +angry) and had waited for a Short Leash hotdog. We walked a few yards to PPM and I stepped up and asked for a chino salad. The dude taking our order said they were in the case behind me. I thought it was weird that they would sell you already made salads when there were fresh sandwiches coming from the kitchen but I had never been so I assumed this was just the way they operated. We sat out on the patio which I'll admit was nice and shaded. Phoenix is amazing in March and the weather was perfect. I opened up the salad and notice there is a huge pile of red bell pepper in the middle which wasn't listed as an ingredient on the menu. Not a big deal, really, but I happen to dislike bell pepper quite a bit. I just pulled them out and that was that. Again, not a deal breaker, but a little annoying. On the other hand, cashews (which WERE listed on the menu) were practically nonexistent. I think I found 3 pieces? Cashew are likely the most expensive item to purchase in the salad and thus, drive up the price of the salad overall. Very annoying. On the whole, this salad was plain, boring and could be made a thousand times better at home. To add insult to injury, TWO people eating next to us order the same salad, but it was brought to them fresh, in a bowl, and one woman even had spinach added to her salad, which I didn't even know was an option. I can't speak to the number of ingredients in their food or the taste, but it was definitely fresh made and from the kitchen, not kept in a fridge and made ahead of time. Now, I realized that part of the issue was my ignorance to the way this place works so I didn't complain to anyone. I don't think I was treated poorly intentionally, but even if my salad HAD been given to me from the kitchen, I would have remained disappointed with the quality being what is was. I feel doubtful about going back which sucks because I really wanted to like this place and my food :(
4	I stopped by this place with some friends and had a coffee at the bar (it was lunch and a work day or yes, a beer would have been ordered) and was just impressed with the set-up and the quality of the operations. Yes, as some have noted, it does seem like it can be a bit busy but the food looked great and I look forward to coming back for say dinner, one evening, and getting a better feel for the quality of the service and the food. I do like that the beers on tap were all micro-brews (begone though foul progeny of InBev!), and included beers from several local breweries and at least one beer, when I was there, from the Lost Abbey. I also noticed that in the liquor selection was bottle of copper city bourbon from Arizona Distilling company, which is made about two blocks from my house in Tempe, and the coffee being served was from Cartel, a local coffee chain and roaster. In short, when you come and buy food and drinks here, you are not only supporting a local restaurant but also a number of other local creators of quality food and drink. So far I'm a fan and look forward to seeing if a return visit will bring me into the five star category.
5	Great food and experience.  Fresh ingredients from local sources.  I recommend eating out on the patio
5	we were visiting phoenix and stayed downtown and went to yelp to help find somewhere for breakfast. The best reviews were for Matt's big breakfast but the wait looked ridiculous so we went back to this place. It was good food, reasonably priced and very quick service. Will definitely eat there again on next weekend trip to phoenix.
5	The menu looks small but there are so many possible combinations you can come up with. The baked goods are always stellar so save room for a treat. Breakfast is served until 3pm and Happy Hour is 3pm to close. For Breakfast I like the Rooster Booster or the Flanched Flarney Garney just depends on my mood. For lunch or dinner it's the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, their delicous fries and Farmer's Cup always make me happy. I always intend to Eat The Rainbow however the intoxicating smell of slow roasting meat always changes my mind. This is a go to spot for fresh and local food; and you can't really go wrong with anything you choose.
5	Super yummy!!!!! I had the breakfast burrito. It was so good the tortilla was homemade and almost like a puff pastry consistency. If I lived in phx this would be a regular stop for me.
1	Ordered wood fired rotisserie chicken. It was gold, tasteless and smeared with BBQ sauce - sent it back!
4	What a spectacularly neat place. I first visited with a long, leisurely lunch right when they opened. Very recently I stopped in during the hustle bustle of a busy Saturday night. This place is popular with good reason! It's fun! Right, and the killer HH has absolutely nothing to do with it. [whistling, whistling, whistling.] 3pm to Close. E v e r y d a y. Do you like beer? Five bucks will buy you a pitcher. [Give me a moment before I continue.]Pints are four bucks.Cocktails are five.And wine, [oh geez], house wine is five bucks.The layout of the space is mixed, with bar top seating, couches, tables and outdoor space. If you'd like to sit at a table, be sure you walk to the *back* of the restaurant (where the pastries are) to see the hostess. We totally goofed and misunderstood this crucial tidbit of information. Serena, our bomb-diggity-server, came to the rescue by buying a pitcher and (!) some cookies! (We had been reseated, met a number of different servers and misplaced on the line queue. Totally our fault for misunderstanding which counter the sign up front referred to. We walked towards the bar, and a hostess seated us at a reserved table.)None of that matters. We had an awesome time! Cookies! Beer! And really good burgers. The AZ Burger with Green Chile was delivered as requested with pinkness. Can't wait to go back! The only issue will be is the wait time. I can't imagine wanting to leave. Meh :)Oh! Also, this place is kid friendly, with plenty of toys available for the tykes to make friends with. Oh! Oh! Plenty of parking is available.Over and out.
3	Really debated giving this four stars, but I'll stick with three. Had lunch here with my parents before they headed off to Oregon, and I suggested this place because I had always wanted to try it and it is close to my office. Got the Rachel sandwich which was very good. I got a side of broccoli as well. This is going to sound super weird, but the broccoli was reallyyyy good! No idea what they put on it, but it tasted like lemon and butter with a tad bit of salt maybe. It was perfectly cooked too. My parents seemed like they enjoyed their food. Everything was very healthy but still tasty. This is one of those places that seems consistently good, and an all around go-to lunch spot if you're in the area. Would I go out of my way to go here (I live in Tempe)? No necessarily. Though I do want to try their breakfast one weekend morning!My main complaint and reason for three stars was their espresso. I ordered a shot, and it had to be the worst shot of espresso I have ever had. Very Very bitter (and not in the good way that espresso is supposed to be). Though I did just return from Europe several months ago, so many my standards are still too high? Anyway, I'd steer clear of their coffee. Normally I don't think something like this would be a big deal, but I love coffee with every ounce in me. And a bad espresso is no bueno in my book.
3	I've been looking forward to trying this place for a long time, sadly disappointed. The food itself is ok, but the portions are very small. I had the Devils Mess which is billed as eggs, farm veggies, schreiners chorizo and chiles. What I received was a couple of scrambled eggs a piece of spinach and a couple strips of chile with a slice of cold half buttered stale bread. No fruit, potatoes or sides came with it.I brought four college kids and all ended up going back for pastries to fill up.
5	I love this place! It's great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and has a good vibe. Sure, it might be a bit $$ for some sandwiches, but I don't mind because I know they keep it local, in season, and I've had nothing but good service here. There is indoor and outdoor seating (with misters outside so get it in before the temps hit 100's) with a mix of long family style benches, regular seating, and bar seating. There are a few items for sale here, including some local olive oils and knick knacks, nothing like the old Public Market used to be, but I think that's why this place is far more successful than before. My favorites include the Del Real sandwich, the lentil curry coconut soup (a mouthful to say, but damn tasty), and the Mediterranean Salad. It's a solid spots for your crazy vegan, gluten, dairy free friend. Also, always ask about the special of the day. I've had some amazing sandwiches from some crazy pork belly to mozzarella flat breads. The pork chile verde pot pie is also tasty, but can sell out quick some days. Happy hour starts at 3PM every day and doesn't end until the places closes. That my friends, is how every happy hour should be! $5 house wines, $5 pitchers of select beers on tap (seasonal rotation) and $3 well drinks. I believe there are also some $5 cocktails as well. Basically, come after a long crappy day, get buzzed, eat solid food and enjoy yourself. Expect a crowd a lunch, there aren't many non-shit places downtown to grab a bite to eat, so they office drones come out in herds. Food truck Friday's are awesome, yes it can get hot as hell in the summer, but it's Arizona, go get a popsicle from a vendor and sit under the tent/run back to your airconditioned car. Wednesday nights and Saturday mornings host farmers market which is great. Ask for Leigh as your waiter, he's hysterical, gives great recommendations for booze and has some stories about the Galapagos.
4	Good coffee good music but pretty busy so service was a little slow. If you have the time to just hang out, this is a cool space. Free covered parking and a free cookie if you check in with yelp!!
4	Fun lunch on the way home from Phoenix Sky Harbor.   Great place for a really good sandwich and craft beer.  Loved the decor and feel of the place.  The ambience made me feel like i was back in Seattle -- without the rain, grey skies and a restaurant full of black fleece jackets.  I'm not a huge fan of ordering at a counter ... my only complaint.
5	Good coffee, great atmosphere, in a wonderful location downtown. The breakfast dishes they create are some of the best in the city. I know this place has desires to bring people together and create community, and I believe they are doing this. You have to try The Devil's Mess.
4	I went with a few co-workers for happy hour last week. This was my second time at the Cafe and I was excited to check out the happy hour specials. We arrived around 5:00pm and were seated outside promptly. However, it took almost 20 minutes for a waiter to come to our table, and this was after waiving our hands several times trying to get a waiter's attention.The happy hour specials are pretty good - $5 drafts, cocktails, and wine. I stuck with Orange Blossom to go with my pulled pork sandwich. The sandwich was good, although a bit small for the hefty price (almost $10 with no sides). During our three hours at the Cafe, we constantly had to flag down our waiter when we needed drink refills.I love the food, drink selection, and atmosphere of the Cafe. Its location is perfect. But the service leaves much to be desired, and the food menu could use a few more options. But overall, this is one of my favorite hangout spots in downtown Phoenix.
4	Went here for brunch with a friend. Immediately upon walking in I loved the atmosphere. Very few choices on the breakfast menu but the food was good. The coffee was great and they probably have the best bagels I've ever had!!! Oh and make sure you try a corn cookie!
5	Perk: Discount for ASU students who show their ID.Perk 2: Free sparkling water + lemon = delicious.Fav eats: Breakfast burrito (not the largest, but definitely the cheapest breakfast option), oatmeal risotto (so! good!), seasonal pumpkin soup (autumn) or Roosevelt Row bagel (lunchy-breakfast.) The coconut curry soup is also really good, and my dad really loves the green chile pot pie.The atmosphere is pretty sweet. Large tables are great for groups of people or large amounts of homework, small tables for small groups, and a nice outdoor patio with heaters and a fireplace in the winter. The bar brews Cartel coffee if you only feel like studying with a cup of coffee, but you will probably get weird stares from servers if you're doing homework there past 6 pm.The only funky thing is that at 6 pm it goes from a walk-up ordering system to a sit-down ordering system. So if you plan on loitering to drink coffee/munch on things/do homework, plan on leaving before 6.
1	I liked the atmosphere but the noise level was not good at all.  The food was not that good either and it took 1 3/4 hours from the time we were seated until we paid our bill.  The service is really bad.  It took 20 minutes to get a glass of water.  Our waiter kept forgetting that we were even there.  He would walk by with water but it was evidently for another table that arrived after us.  We did not receive our food for an hour.  Not a place I will go back to.  They may have good happy hour prices on drinks but its not for me.  They need a new kitchen staff and at least one new waiter.  I ordered the pot pie that was very crisp and even burnt on one side.  I don't see why all the good reviews unless people like spending their time in this place without getting much service.  The only thing good was the atmosphere (other than the noise level) and the hostess.
3	It's pretty good. The food is fresh and has the impression that it's healthier for you. I've been there a handful of times- the pastries are a must. The pop tart is so good. Can't go wrong with puff pastry. I've had The Rachel, the turkey sandwich. It's good but nothing I would probably have a second time for the price it's at. I'm a poor college student and the food at the Phoenix Public Market Cafe is a little pricey for what you're getting, but that's because I love happy hour and that's when I eat majority of my meals- when good food is a little cheaper.
3	Place is great to look at and part of a creative revival of several older downtown Phoenix buildings turned eateries/bars. Crowd was a mixed type but leaned towards upwardly mobile hipsters? Some decent craft beers on tap, some wine offered as well. Really great cocktails.Menu is fairly vast and diverse, I settled on the pretzels (delish with creamy cheese sauce) and the fried chicken (not so great). Servers and helpers were beyond friendly yet completely disorganized this night, but I was in a good mood and opted not to make their lives miserable. Plus they acknowledged every error and forgetful act and we received a majority of the meal for nothing. Big props for that. Overall I'll be back. Love the environment and cool folks, but the jury is still out on the food overall for me.
5	I've been here multiple times and I have never been anything but impressed with service and staff. I've tried so many of their entrees and they all have been great. A few of my favorites are the Rice Bowl and Phoenix Burger. I have friends who visit and the first thing we do is go get them a burger.
3	I know, I know, I know... another update. I needed to update my review to update their new happy hour rules... I went here a week ago, same old happy hour, then went again Sat night.... it has now changed. The only cocktails that are 5$ for happy hour are the lee travino and the sangria.... booo. I would prefer they limit the time of happy hour and include all of the signature drinks (read: their sister restaurant St Francis' model).  I can't see spending 8$ a pop for my fave drink here (the farmer's cup) since it is small, not very boozy, and very inconsistent from bartender to bartender. I was willing to risk that it wouldn't be such a good one depending on who was working for the 5$, but not for 8. Additionally, the beers available on happy hour are limited to two as well. This doesn't make sense to me... is there really that big a difference from beer to beer in cost? This WAS my go to place in downtown Phoenix.... probably won't be anymore. If I were this cafe, I'd revamp the happy hour so it follows suit with their sister restaurant. PS the strawberry poptart and cheesy pretzels are still good.
4	Stopped in yesterday for a quick breakfast bite at the recommendation of a friend. The place was crazy busy. There were people everywhere. Lots of movement. The service was expedient. The breakfast burrito wonderful. The orange juice, meh. I will definitely return..
5	Pork chile verde pot pie and baked sweet potato (served with chile lime butter)...5 StarsThe Chino salad (cabbage, cashews, chicken, rice noodles, ginger soy vinaigrette)...4 Stars (Yummy but vinaigrette could have been a skosh-bit sweeter)Check-in on the handy-dandy YELP app and get rewarded with a yummy macaron cookie?? 6 Stars....(so it balances to 5). We got a lavender (color, not flavor) macaron. It was exquisitely tasty.We arrived here after walking around downtown, catching a movie and a 10 minute debate over where to have dinner, since one of us was famished and the other...peckish. Off in the near distance we see a bright red sign beckoning us to come hither...the sign read (NO! not literally, that would be impressive, but we will probably never fully know or comprehend the literacy of the sign) "CAFE". Alas, this is no mere cafe. This is a place where delicious things happen.
4	This place is so cute! I dig that their menu is unique and they own it! It was just full of things that I would not think to combine, yet they taste and worked well together. I tried the Chick Pea Pancakes: chick pea, olive oil pancakes topped with bananas and pecans served w/agave syrup (very very sweet but tasty!) The pancakes definitely needed the agave syrup as they would have been dry without it but the flavor of the total pancake package was delicious! Cookie with Yelp check-in was awesome, I got the nutter-butter type cookie (i am not sure if that was the actual name.) It was a recommendation, I typically don't go for peanut butter type cookies but this one is a winner!I also tasted the "Devil's Mess" which was eggs, spinach, chorizo, chiles and onions...for those of us that are pansies when it comes to spice you may want to stay away from this item, it was pretty spicy per my taste buds. Cool market cafe scene, interesting people watching and great food. I like this place, and am definitely a fan!
5	The Porchetta sandwich is delicious!  Try the green chile burger and make sure to save room for dessert!  The staff is fun and friendly.  Get there early if you want to try the Porchetta on Fridays or Saturdays!
4	Super chill with warm, friendly staff.  I had a great discussion about the difference between a macaron and macaroon with the bartendress, who apparently had just competed in a local bartending competition.  Great aesthetic with an indoor and outdoor seating area.  You can sidle up to the bar from outside as well.  A nice selection of beers and wines with a full bar, plus espresso.  I had a sandwich that was quite good.  It was a Rachel (Reuben with turkey instead of pastrami or corned beef).  The bread was super thick, so it was a mouthful and a half.  I was more than satisfied with the portion.  I also had a cookie because you got a free one with a Yelp checkin, not the macaron.  It was delicious.  I would go back here on a nice day fo'sho.
5	Awesome location and incredible, attentive staff. Had the rotisserie chicken and the wife had the Caesar salad. Both were delicious and we will definitely return for future lunch meals.
4	The green chili burger was insanely good. Also, happy hour specials are decent and take place for a good amount of time. The rice bowl is a little strange because the veggies come out raw. It's delicious, but I would have preferred to know about the raw veg beforehand (it should be in the menu). Service was really great here.
4	I have now been here twice and can proudly say their breakfast is DELICIOUS.When my fiance and I came for lunch, we really didn't enjoy our food too much, but the service here blew us away.  The guy who took our order literally told me not to order The Rachel.  I thought it sounded good.  I should have listened to him.My fiance had a small issue with her Rice Bowl order, and when she told someone, they immediately brought out an extra side, and gave us a $5 coupon to return. They also have a nice patio.ENJOY!
4	20% student discount for any student.THE RACHEL ($8.95)- rotisserie turkey, coleslaw, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, house dressing, melted on sourdough - all flavors blended well together that each bite was enjoyable- turkey wasn't too dry- quite small for the price, nonetheless would recommend!CORN COOKIE ($1.25)- FREE cookie with Yelp check-in- weird taste; too gritty and not much flavor- would not say I'm a fanENVIRONMENT: hipster feel. embraces community eating and definitely does have a market appeal. There is a coffee bar to one side of the place. The patio is perfect for those cool summer nights or when it's happy hour. Great place to catch up with people.SERVICE: staff members were friendly. Food for take-out was prepared quickly. Had no issues with applying the student discount and Yelp check-in on one transaction. Great place to grab a sandwich or come to after work. The environment is very chill and open to making new friends. The food is solid, and there is a great variety that something is there for everyone. I would come back and recommend it to anyone looking for a casual quality sit-down cafe...with booze.
5	Went here for lunch while passing through Phoenix during vacation and loved it!  I ordered the AB&J and carrot soup while my girlfriend ordered the chicken quesadilla happy hour special.  Both were great.  My almond butter and jelly sandwich was excellent and much better than the simple name suggests while the soup was rustic and tangy and a perfect compliment.  The chicken quesadilla was solid and great with the craft brews they have.  The bar had tasty cocktails as well with my girlfriend trying the gin and watermelon special.  Overall a great lunch spot and would highly recommend.
1	The server forgot to bring something I asked for and never bothered to acknowledge us after we got our food. We spent about $30 and still left hungry. DO NOT GO HERE AND EXPECT TO LEAVE FULL . I did not feel I got my money's worth. It was my first and last time there.  My servers name was Michael with the pink nails
5	Nice, hipster, downtown ambiance :) I had a burger and beer at the bar and I would definitely come back for that!
4	The good:  Nice atmosphere, delicious food, fresh ingredients and lovely dessert.The bad: slow service and our waiter was a bit absent-minded, but nice enough.
2	Upon walking in, I really wanted to like this place.  It's got that local hipster vibe that is cool without bordering on pretentious.  But I must admit, it didn't really do anything for me.  One of the main reasons we decided to go there was because my husband wanted the pot pie... and they were out.  :(  I got the Del Real sandwich and it was tasty enough, but nothing special.  I got a free cookie for checking in on Yelp which was cool but my "homemade" Oreo was on the odd side.  Given the foodie landscape that is quickly developing in Phoenix, I probably won't come back here as there are so many places I love and so many places I have yet to experience.
4	Good urban food ( pulled pork is really good and so is the az burger), good atmosphere
4	My husband and I stopped in here for a late afternoon lunch on Sunday, and really enjoyed ourselves. My soup and salad were fresh and excellent - exactly what I needed after eating bar fare the previous night! And my husband's sandwich and fries were delicious as well. Everything just seemed so light and fresh - I can't wait to go back.
5	I'm in love, seriously.  I had the best breakfast in years.  It was really simple, just eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast but all the ingredients were fresh and it really hit the spot.  My partner ordered the frittata, which was also excellent.  It was too hot to sit outside.  I can't wait until the weather cools down so that we can sit on the patio.  I think we may even be able to bring our dog on the patio...I am so happy that more good restaurants are opening in Central Phoenix.  Living down here gets better and better.
5	Adorable and delicious! Fresh juice to the full bar and great happy hour.. Cute and delicious baked goods and yummy fresh ingredients!
5	I've been coming to this ever since they reopened into the Cafe it is today. It is an awesome place to hang out with great food and people. I love the cafe and bar especially. The Espresso is good and that Nitro beer is great! : - )
3	My husband and I stopped in last night for a quick bite before a movie. We had about an hour before the movie started. Upon walking in I had a good feeling -- the atmosphere was good, music good. I'd been before for breakfast and didn't have a bad time. We sat and waited for our server for what felt like a long time. When she finally arrived, we ordered drinks and sandwiches. She up-sold us on sharing an order of fries. We had told our server upon ordering that we were trying to make a movie. Drinks took too long to arrive and that was about the last time we saw our server. Someone else brought out our sandwiches and it seemed to take too long for two simple sandwiches. Our fries didn't arrive with sandwiches. We were halfway through those sandwiches before the fries arrived--they clearly forgot them and gave us fries from another table, causing them to have to wait as well. Original server still never returned and never asked us if we wanted another drink. After eating, server finally returned and we reminded her about the movie and requested the check. Took a bit, but she dropped it off and never returned. We finally went to the counter in the front and asked to pay. We were told only our server could close us out and the girl at the counter had to find our server. More waiting. Finally server appeared, said she hoped she didn't make us miss our movie (so she remembered we were trying to get a movie), but never really apologized for basically going MIA. Food was great. Atmosphere was great. Location is great. Service is seriously lacking in both attention and basic professionalism. The problems with service negatively impacted our experience and I'd think twice before stopping here again because of that. We don't need to spend money to be ignored--there are lots of places who have their service down. I really want to like this place and I'll probably give it another shot at some point, but I think the Phoenix Public Market Cafe needs to realize it's not enough to be hip and cool, if you treat the customers like an afterthought no one will want to come back.We made it to the movie, but just barely in time.
5	I enjoyed the food truck Wednesday and visiting the merchant booths with the band in the background.  Afterwards we popped inside to have a few drinks.  Their desserts are very scrumptious as well.
5	I had the Arizona Burger, which is a delicious, juicy green chile burger on a brioche bun.  It came with a crunchy pickle spear and a slice of watermelon.  I also tried some of their sparkling pomegranate juice  (yum). The service was friendly and fast.  The atmosphere is open and very relaxing.
3	No ESPN despite the DirectTV dish. No World Cup. Told owner. Hoping they add ESPN. Great food and drink though. Lovely patio.
5	I was downtown for a few meetings and thought I would grab a quick bit in between meetings. My first stop was closed on Mondays so I thought I would try something new. Walking in it was a very relaxed atmosphere, you walk up to the counter to order. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, and a white chocolate macaroon. The sandwich was AMAZING! I enjoyed every bit and even got a little dad as I got to the last bit. It was really creamy, with mustard in the mix, which I personally love. The mix of textures was pleasant. When I ordered the amazing young man, (I didn't catch his name) told me to give my macaroon a minute to adjust to room temperature for a better crack and flavor, I am so glad I listened! I am absolutely pleased with my experience and would recommend it to anyone. The fact that I paid up front to start made getting in and out in time for my meeting extremely easy! I will absolutely come back.
2	Very slow service and meh food. Not a good first impression. Definitely will not be coming back.
1	If I could this place no stars, I would. I've been there only once before and it was good, service and food were good. This time, we had a long day at work and wanted to relax and try something different. Should have went with my gut as gone to Turf, where I'm writing this review from. The bartender was friendly enough when we sat down, but that was the end of that. We put on our order and wait. Waited. Then waited some more. All the while, Our waitress/the bartender couldn't care less that we had gone about 15 minutes without our water glasses being filled up. Wasn't until we asked her for more that we got it. But even after we got our refills, still no food for another 10 minutes. How long does is take to make a salad an a burger? Even in a locally-grown ingredient establishment.When I finally got my salad, I took a few bites and was extremely disappointed. The mix of tastes left me with the thought of turpentine. I know cabbage is bitter, but holy cow. I've never tastes cabbage like that. Or maybe it was the ginger. Whatever it was, it was horrible. I barely took a few bites until I couldn't do it more. The Chino salad was the wrong choice. I pretty much had it with the place by then. I didn't say anything because I was over it at that point and just wanted to get the hell out of there. We didn't even pay with her. Got a 20% discount as an ASU student though. Just about the only good thing about this ordeal. Sucks since I like buying local. Oh well. Never again.
5	Ambiance: hip and modern with a lot of wood accents. Most of the tables are communal with benches but a solo diner can eat at their large bar that looks out to the patio. Food: solo lunch today around 11 on a Tuesday. Their beans and rice was very tasty. Brown rice and black beans in sort of a Cuban style in decent sized bowl. They add avocado, and salsa, and a bit of cilantro. I asked them to hold the feta. Portion was an ideal size-- not too big. Lime slice was a good addition. That and a drink was about $11. Rating: I'm not giving them a five because this was a quick lunch but I would definitely come back and tell my friends so I can try more dishes. Friendly staff, good food, decent prices.
5	I've been here twice, once for happy hour with my husband and loved their selection of drinks. Today I came for lunch with a 3 year old, I had the Roosevelt Row Bagel which was so simple and delicious with the homemade hummus and smashed avocado, just the right amount of sprouts, very thinly sliced onion and tomatoes? red peppers? It was delicious and came with a slice of watermelon and a pickle. The (very adventurous) 3 year old had the curried coconut lentil soup and while he was more interested in the free corn cookie we got for checking in on Yelp (also delicious) he actually seemed to like it quite a bit. I snagged a bite and it was pretty good! The coconut and the curry balanced eachother well, nothing was too overwhelming. The only downside was the lack of indoor seating. Luckily the patio was shady and had misters. I will definitely be back to try some more of the menu!
2	I've never been to this place and had good service. During the day, you order at the counter and seat yourself, which I don't mind. But I always have to wait WAY too long, and often don't get what I happened to order (this happened today, when I ordered a large latte, got a regular, which is tiny BTW, and when I asked about it I was made to feel like I had made the mistake, instead of someone just offering to fix it). During the evening, you are waited on, but both times I've been here for dinner, it has been nearly impossible to get food, drink, and bill in a timely manner. My other gripe is that the food is overpriced. I like some of the food (the pretzel appetizer is awesome), but most of it is smaller than you'd expect (e.g., the asian chicken salad) and definitely more than you'd like to pay for it. It's too bad, because it's near my house and I love the concept and decor. Alas, for coffee I love Lola and Giant about 1,000 times more, and there is obviously better food nearby.
5	On a trip with my son from Michigan to visit ASU campus. We are staying downtown and took the train to find some food. As it was a Sunday evening, our choices were very limited. We happened upon this place and were completely blown away. Entering I was delighted to see a high level of craftsmanship in their dining area. While it is not the rustic, hipster, foodie place it could come off as being, it delivered an excellent meal by a very well informed waitress, Victoria- ask for her, you'll like her. I had a chicken caesar salad and was shocked to find they actually use chunks of chicken off of a rotisserrie chicken in the back- not a diced up breast from the grill. My son ate an Arizona burger and loved it. We shared a piece of their chocolate cake and it was a perfect end to a great meal. We have three more days here in the area and I will be going back!
3	Hip place.  A lot of wood accents. Very open.  Downtown. Decent menu. After seating it did take a while to get a water and some attention. Staff was friendly. Nice place for groups or maybe casual meeting. Overall decent place. HighlightOf the visit! MACAROONS!!  salted caramel was delicious and will surely return STRICTLY for more macaroons.
3	I would have gave this place four stars, but the service wasn't all that great, although the staff was friendly.As far as the food goes, I had the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie.  Great flavor, the meat was well prepared and was very tender, the crust was nice and crispy as well. I would highly recommend this dish!The one thing that you must try before you walk out of that door are the MACAROONS! Our waitress suggested the salted caramel macarron, all I could say was WOW!!! Im sure i'll be back!
4	The atmosphere of this place is excellent.  I loved the decor as I walked in, and the display of local handmade goodies. I had the "eat the rainbow" salad and it was wonderful.  So simple but the local veggies were perfect and the the sauces were so yummy! ! My boyfriend had one of the burgers and absolutely loved it, and he also loved my salad too, as he picked at some of the veggies.  I would definitely return!  I would love to come for breakfast!
2	Overpriced.Had Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie $10.50. Small portion but it tasted good.Waiter recommended I get a side, so I got garlic mash.All sides are $3 extra, which is a bit cheeky in my opinion for simple diner food.Daughter ate from kids menu, Fruit salad $3, grilled cheese $3, fries $3. Fair enough, nothing special.1 beer $5.50, 1 lemonade $3Total $34.50 plus tip =  $40, for pretty basic food in a cafe, is too much.
4	Ordered the Del Real Sandwich with a cold brewed coffee, loved it! The onion marmalade was delicious and the veggies were fresh. The portion was normal with a pickle and watermelon on the side. My friend ordered the frittata and the pesto sauce was amazing! She also enjoyed a cold brewed coffee and be sure to get some Macaroons!I gave four stars because I'm not a fan of ordering at the counter, I would prefer to be waited on.
5	Amazing. I can't believe how great it is to have a place like this in Phoenix. I love how they source as many vegetables as they can from the local farmers in the area. I love how friendly and knowledgable the staff is. I also love the diversity in this place! Today I met a very talented artist who is married to an incredible architect and they were just sitting right next to me. You never know who you'll meet there! Love this place, seriously! The food, the drinks and the service is amazing! Long Live PPM!
5	I came in last night with my boyfriend and let me say, I will definitely be back. I've heard mixed reviews about this place but now I find it hard to believe those who didn't like it. I had the watermelon mojito and my boyfriend had the orange blossom beer. For dinner we split the fried chicken and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were excellent and I'm eager to try the other menu items.  Our blonde server who I'm ashamed to have forgotten the name really made the experience though. She made excellent recommendations and had a great sense of humor. I will definitely be back!
5	Delicious, good prices, good quality food. Great vibe- for a nice date, happy hour, or even studying with a coffee.These people care about good food and good service.Definitely planning on being a regular.
3	The food was fresh, it was good and flavorful, But for Over $10 my rice bowl left me hungry just an hour later.From an economists standpoint this would make for a great diet.On to details, the rice bowl had julianed peppers and other fresh well prepared veggies, brown rice and a creamy sessamee ginger sauce, it was not cold but not a hot dish. I did enjoy the sauted mushrooms in the dish. If only there were more of it.The format here is, order at a counter and take a number. come early for lunch as the parking and tables fill up quickly.
2	The service was good food was disappointing I waited an hour for the famous half chicken that was tbe size of a half a Cornish game hen.  disappointed over rated over priced DON'T order go to  Grassroots  were baby kay used to be by trader joes on 20th street same thing smoked great flavor and its more than one bite.  I live downtown want places to do well  I do recommend blue hound bliss the vig kinckaids happy hr and the luster bar tuna tartar and for those after hour cravings grand ave pizza open till 4 am.
2	Food is always excellent. Service consistently detracts. Even when empty, I've never had a visit without a missing item or ticket time under 20 minutes.
2	Really your staff needs help.  Why does it take 20 min for black bean soup.  No one looked at me, I had to ask where the silverware was she looked at me and said on the table.  Well it wasn't I had to get it myself off another table.  Ask for water she just pointed.  The best part for me is I'm the head concierge at a large hotel here.  And trust this place doesn't exist.
4	Great burger, intersesting menu, great atmosphere and a friendly staff. Food came out quickly and correctly on a beautiful Friday afternoon.
5	If you check in here you get a FREE COOKIE!! The chocolate chip cookie was pretty good :) Food: 1) Devil's scramble: DELICIOUS! Loved how all the ingredients and flavors came together. Watch out for a spicy kick!2) Chick pea pancakes: Sounds weird, but they were so fluffy and tasty! I would have never guessed it's made from chick peas! There was a subtle grainy texture which I loved! It was really good!3) frittata: I would have called this more of a layer of egg with cheese and veggies on top, rather an a quiche. I imagine frittatas more like quiches but without the crust, but here, they make it a little differently than that. I was a little thrown off, but it still tasted amazing, so who cares?Ambiance: Very hipster and eco-friendly feel to this place. Gets busy if you come later on during the day!Service: Order at the front/cashier and bus yourself. The workers there were friendly and nice!Price: For the quality and taste of the food, I think they are very reasonably priced. Overall: I am really glad I found this place and I can't wait to come back and try more of their bakery and food items! Or maybe even their coffee!
4	5 words-Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie. Amazing!Went during happy hour-Small pitchers of Beer for 5 bucks (2 pints worth).Had to wait a couple minutes for water once arriving, which was the only negative.Would definitely come back.
1	It pains me to do this, but it must be said.This place has gone down the drain. When it first opened I came here often and loved the videos of the plants growing on the screens, the food and the friendly service. I used to take many of my clients out here just so they could soak in the vibe. I've been here a few times within the past few months and each time my experience gets worse. Today really took the cake.I came in to order for take out. The place wasn't busy and I even got a parking spot out front! I put 20 minutes on the meter not imaging how my regular order of the Roosevelt which is basically avocado on toast could take any longer. I placed my order and waited, and waited and waited and waited. 37 minutes after the transaction time on my receipt my to go order comes out. The girl who handed it to me was incredibly rude and the box of food was wide open! To really sprinkle the sugar on top I walked outside to discover that not only did I get terrible service and wait forever, I had also received a parking ticket! I will not be returning here. There are too many other new places in downtown that make quality food, offer good service and can put a takeout order out in less than 40 minutes.
4	I found this place just "Yelping" through the area near my office. The reviews were good so I gave it a shot. Totally worth it! The atmosphere was comfortable and simple. Great mix of people and the food was good to boot! I will be back!
4	We stopped here for the first time last Friday evening around 6:30 p.m. with a few of my co-workers, and we all ordered something different so between the five of us got a pretty good range of tastes from their menu.  First off, the food was very good.  We started off with the Downtown Devil Fries and the Chips, Salsa & Guacamole, all of which vanished almost instantly.  I had the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie.  I couldn't tell if the pies are made in advance and frozen or made to order (what threw me was that they are served in small foil pans much like the frozen pot pies you buy at Safeway), but the crust was outstanding, as was the filling.  No complaints about cold food here, as the pot pie was still VERY warm 20 minutes after I was served!  My partner had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, which he enjoyed.  However, he tends to prefer a creamy cole slaw rather than the dressing PPMC uses, which I believe is vinaigrette-based.  The only real surprise of the evening was more of a presentation issue than a taste issue.  One member of our party ordered the Roasted Cauliflower entree, which comes with mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes were very good and the cauliflower was nicely cooked, but rather than serving the florets or even somewhat larger bite-sized pieces, what ended up on her plate looked like someone had cut a head of cauliflower into thirds and cooked and served it that way.  Luckily she had a knife, but this meant, of course, that a good deal of what she was served was cauliflower stems, which although I do like the vegetable is not my favorite part.  Finally, as I am new to Arizona I don't know if anything can be done about  the flies, which may just be a seasonal annoyance due to the rain, but I think we'll sit inside next time we come back to try breakfast here.
4	Had a wonderful evening at the Phoenix Public Market. A friend just moved Downtown and recommended this place for dinner. Happy Hour all night? SCORE!!! Although it is just drinks :/ I love appetizers when it comes to Happy Hour but they did have a good selection of drinks and drinks specials during this time. The menu was smaller, in my opinion, and a little but "off-the-wall" It definitely not your traditional "chilli's or TGIF" menu which I loved although this also presented a challenge for me! Small menu and things I'm not familiar with?!? Challenge accepted!!! I LOVED my The Rachel sandwich! Absolutely something amazing and I keep thinking about wanting to go back for. The turkey is freshly baked and shaved off, daily...soooo moist!!! It also had fresh coleslaw, sauerkraut (which I do not normally order), swiss cheese, and house dressing on a sourdough bread! Omg...what a combo!!! So happy I decided on this! Our server was perfect. Very attentive, understanding when a friend did not like her drink selection and even brought us a whole plate full of their pastries for desert since we had mentioned the Yelp check-in! Don't forget!!! You get a free cookie :) Hands down, I recommend the place. I give it a 4, only because it's not a full menu of things that are on my fav's list! Overall, VERY good!!! I'll be back hopefully sooner than later!
1	I have to keep it real. I had high hopes after following the scrumptious pics on ig and reading the great reviews. We stopped by for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. I ordered the Mediterranean salad and added chicken for $3. I asked to substitute the feta for goat cheese and the gentlemen said it was no problem. Assumed ingredients would be straight of the farm with a placed called "public market" sadly red peppers were pickled. The chicken had rib meat and looked/tasted like a store bought rotisserie. The best part was the day old toasted bagel and yes, they forgot the cheese.  My husband had the Del Real sandwich which he claims was decent but definitely overpriced for what it was. Left disappointed  and hungry.
3	The traditional breakfast was good.  Whole potatoes are a nice touch.The fruit in my yogurt, granola, fruit dish was not that fresh.  It was boring, heavy on cantaloupe, with just a smidge of unflavored yogurt.  Definitely would not recommend.Quiche -- super small portion and flavorless.I don't know, just seemed like there should be fresh lemons at the water station.  Any student ID should receive a discount, not just ASU.
5	Great food, friendly staff, laid back spot. This is my go to restaurant downtown whether I want a iced toddy, decent breakfast, or a kickass happy hour.
5	Went last Monday for $9.99 Community Night Menu, happy hour drinks and half price bottles of wine. Can't go wrong with any of this. Service is great & the food is fantastic.  Will be back again soon!
5	Great atmosphere, natural food, beer and wine specials, and homemade baked goods.  Love the eat the rainbow salad and nutter butter.
4	First time at Phoenix Public Market Cafe. We arrived at 10:30AM so only breakfast was being served. By the time we finished, the line was 25 deep for lunch. My wife ordered the Rooster Booster (eggs, bacon, toast and potatoes while I got the Devil's Mess. We also ordered iced tea and a Bloody Mary. We had to wait 10 mins for a table and then had to sit there while service cleaned it, rather than lose the precious seating. Tables were at a premium. Our breakfast arrived 5 mins later. The RB was your basic Grand Slam but with better bacon. The DM was unique, with chorizo, chiles and veggies (spinach) mixed in. The eggs on both plates were cooked right, the toast was good, with a farmers jam on the side. Very filling meal. The Tea was weird. I tried the prickly pear tea and it was rather bland. My wife said the Bloody Mary was excellent. Crushed salt and pepper in the rim was a classy touch. We will try PPMC again, perhaps for lunch but when it's cooler cuz the AC struggled.
4	Really cool place!  Sorta feels like Urban Outfitters with food!  My boyfriend and I gave this place a try last Saturday for lunch after running errands downtown.  I ordered the roasted pork sandwich that's only served on Fridays and Saturdays.  My significant other ordered a scrambled egg dish.  Both were delish, but we liked my sandwich a little more.  Next time I'll be sure to tell the guy behind the counter to go a little lighter on the lemon aioli.  The lemon aioli is a hit - BUT a little too much can take away from the flavors in the pork.  The cashier let us taste a piece of the pork before we ordered.  We loved it!  Once I got the sandwich, the pork flavor wasn't as potent because of the lemon aioli.  Overall, we totally enjoyed the experience and food and will definitely return!oh .. grab a iced latte with a shot of vanilla... heaven seeping through a straw I tell ya :)
4	Love this partial service neighborhood spot where locally grown products shine. It's a great place to grab breakfast or a pastry (seriously, the pop tarts will change your life), a healthy and quick lunch, or even a coffee or drink at the bar. Although the salads are pricey, they're packed with fresh, flavorful and largely local vegetables. They also serve small fresh juices, including one with red pepper and Fresno chilis that has a bit of a kick. At lunchtime, you can simply grab and go with these items. Don't forget to add a homemade nutter butter or cookies and cream - the baked goods are awesome. You could even bring work - there's free wifi and it's not unusual to see people posting up with their laptops. The friendly staff won't mind if you set up shop.
3	I'm not sure I'm hipster enough to chill at this place but I figured I would give it a try.Cesar salad was good.  Loved the croutons and the very garlicky dressing. I thought it was a little over priced.  $2.00 for a can of Diet Coke? Very cool atmosphere and the farmers market next door was super cool.
5	A teeny bit pricey but delish! And unique. Great atmosphere. Not totally kid friendly but you can definitely bring kids here.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Phx for breakfast, lunch and dinner. All of their food is fresh and I've never had a meal here I didn't enjoy!
4	O...M...G!!! the strawberry brown sugar cake is just... (orgasmic) wait, heavenly... no, scrumptious... no, DELIGHTfully delicious!! Went recently to get a side of something to accompany my packed lunch, and every time I've popped in, I have eyed the strawberry cake like a sugar addict going through rehab, oh wait like a sugar addict? No, I still am a sugar fiend but I digress, anywho I have eye-balled this confection numerous times but I have chosen other treats like the pop tart, the chocolate chip cookie, the lemon bar BUT no I didn't resist I chose cake, and this cake has brought me joy, I feel revitalized ready to take on my afternoon, ready to accomplish, err, no but I would like another piece. Oh, and in addition to the strawberry cake, I had a cup of pumpkin soup, delicious but that's another story, my dear it's all about the cake!
4	Really friendly, helpful employees. Amazing food - super fresh and delicious. Decor and outdoor area are fantastic, restrooms are clean and cute. Bakery has a small but tasty selection of homemade goods. I would visit often if I lived closer.  Love the community seating and carved pumpkins on the patio. Really nice lighting and ambience. Service was top notch. Definitely stop by when you're in the area - it's a hidden gem.
3	Cute place, but a bit pricey-good setup on Saturday mornings next to the farmers market. I had a slice of the banana bread which was good and the world's smallest mocha, which wasn't that good and was $4. I feel better knowing I got a free chocolate chip cookie for checking in on yelp!  I will have to try some food next time I'm near here.
5	Yup!  I'm a major fan.  I love that parking is so easy for a downtown restaurant.  The place is cute and you can dine in the restaurant portion or enjoy the bar or outdoor patio.The service was very friendly and helpful.  I like that I can get unlimited amounts of water myself when it is hot.Tried a bowl of the yellow lentil coconut curry soup.  It was huge and delicious and came with two slices of bread for only $6.  My daughter got a lemon bar out of the display case that was amazing for $2.50.I can't wait to come back and try other things.  The prime rib looked amazing but I was feeling to frugal to pay the $19 price tag.
4	Great cafe, fresh food, and nice ambience! You order at the counter, grab a number, and find an empty table. They'll bring your food to you. I ordered the Evans Churchill which is quinoa with roasted veggies and two poached eggs on top. Everything was so good- the quinoa was perfectly cooked, the veggies were really fresh and nicely roasted, and the eggs were perfectly poached. It was served with pesto. It was a little under seasoned so had to put some salt and pepper on it, but overall loved the freshness of the dish.I bought some cookies to go, the corn cookie and chocolate chip cookie, and a nutter butter. The corn cookie and chocolate chip cookie were both really good.Next time, I want to try the Flarney Garney breakfast sandwich (my friend's favorite he said). My friend's chicken salad sandwich looked really good- perfectly toasted bread with a thick slice of watermelon served on the side.
1	We're "too busy" to help you": 7pm 20 October- even though I was the only one waiting for quite sometime. Seems the word on the street from the youth we serve is true. Not recommended.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!   Great atmosphere and staff!   Great prime rib and chicken, especially!
5	This place is exactly what every city needs; a place where you can feel at home and be inspired while getting to know your neighborhood. Great food and service and a real community builder! Phoenix is lucky to have such an awesome place!
5	I came in thirty minutes before close and received the best service - not only from my server, but from the bartender, and the manager as well. That alone speaks volumes. I had the pasta and it was on point, too. Definitely will be back for more.
4	Super nice wait staff, very accommodating, helpful, smiling and responsive.  Great fresh fare, something for everyone from salads, sandwiches, very accessible and twists on the usual flavors.  I had the "Rachel" which has a mild sauerkraut and great smooth cheese flavors and the steamed broccoli was addictive.  The lemonaid is tart without puckering the whole deal.
3	I had high hopes for this cafe, but I thought my food was just okay. I ordered the "Eat the Rainbow" salad, which is described as marinated, steamed, and raw veggies with dipping sauces. I expected a more cohesive salad, but it was more like a plate of crudites than a salad. Best part of the dish was the curry aioli. Definitely not worth $9.However, my friend got the Evans-Churchill, and it looked amazing! Some of the other dishes looked really appetizing as well, so maybe I just tried the wrong thing. It can get crowded on a weekday lunch, but they bring the food out fast and people don't loiter too long.
4	(Lyrics - Aerosmith - I Don't Want To Miss A Thing)I could stay to dine just to taste you pastriesWatch me smile while I am eatingWhile you're cooking and servingI could spend my day in this sweet surrenderI could stay lost in this moment foreverCause every dish I try at this place is a moment I treasurePhoenix Public Market CafeI do wanna Yelp todayCause I want to Bo BitesAnd I don't wanna miss a thingCause even when I write of youThe sweetest words will never doI'd still want to Bo BitesCause I don't wanna miss a thingPhoenix Public Market Cafe doesn't look like much from the outside.  However, once you walk in the place is definitely different from your usual restaurant experience.  Order at the counter like any cafeteria/cafe and bring your number to a public table or if you choose sit at the bar.  I went for the bar this time around.  Service was somewhat slow, but I wasn't in a rush that day.  I ordered a water since it was only a lunch break and went for the AZ burger.  Overall, the burger is pretty darn good in my books.  I didn't really care for one thing; the bun.  It was pretty dry and bulky, but the burger itself was cooked to perfection.  I had it medium and it was topped with Green Chili, Lettuce, Cheddar, and House Sauce.  I'm not sure what the House Sauce was, but all in all the ingredients worked and was mesh of sloppiness that reminded me of a Sloppy Joe.  Anything that brings back memories is a plus to my palates.  The place itself was a farm art shop.  Very cute boutique-like stuff and a bakery that pumps out some desserts and baked goods.  The staff seemed friendly as if they were working at a Whole Foods.  Overall, a great atmosphere to chill and ain't nothing like supporting your local farms and restaurant! - Enjoy!
5	Came in for drinks and appetizers. Ceviche and farmer's cup were my fave. I find myself craving this place all the time wish it wasn't a 5 hr drive =(
5	I love this place! Macarons are delicious and customer service is always nice, cheerful, and warm. Great place to stop for breakfast before hitting the farmer's market.
5	The BBQ pork sandwich and raspberry lemonade are amazing. Nice people and a fun atmosphere. Patio and indoor seating are both comfortable.
4	I love this plane for the food and drink. The Internet is pretty bad though. Fortunately I rarely come here for the Internet.
5	The rice bowl is outstanding! I am not even remotely a vegetarian or vegan however I love this meal every time I come. The restaurant is very hipster yet quaint and cozy which reminds me of home in Alaska. You can definitely taste the freshness and quality of ingredients. The price for the product is very fair. There are so many delicious options which make you want to come back to this restaurant again and again. I can really appreciate the fact that the menu clearly specifies dietary restrictions which is important.
4	I was craving soup today, so a friend told me about this place. I've been here for Food Truck Friday, but never the cafe. I ordered their soup of the day: pumpkin. I liked it! It was topped with sunflower seeds and toasted bread. I also ordered their house pretzels with jalapeno white cheddar cheese, and the pretzels were delicious. Didn't care for the cheese, though. I got a free cookie for checking in with Yelp, which is always a nice perk. Great staff, and lots of other menu items to choose from. I probably will be back.
5	I had a wonderful dining experience here on the day of Phoestivus. I must admit it was my first time at the cafe, but I had attended Foodtruck Friday many a times during my ASU Cronkite days. I was excited to finally try out the menu! I loved the pork verde pot pie - it was kind of on the spicy side, but I paired my lunch with a nice apple cider to wash it down. That's right! This cafe has a bar! Cool points again!The vibe of the whole restaurant was like your moms kitchen back home, but run by very friendly, energetic and outgoing employees.After finishing my lunch I was walking around taking some pictures of the Phoestivus event and some of the morning employees were having lunch. One of them named Lauren (same name!) struck up a conversation with me and offered me a bite of a croissant she just bought from the bakery. Although I was extremely full from my meal, she talked me into it! The croissant was the best thing I've ever eaten. It was flaky, buttery and delicious I was so thankful she gave me a chance to try it!SUGGESTION: The only thing I could suggest is to have access to more restrooms during events like Phoestivus. Maybe rentals outside? There was a long line all night at the bathrooms and there was much confusion about the unisex option with customers. I heard many gentlemen say to everyone in line, "I'm just going to go find the men's room," as they cut the line. It was a tad bit frustrating. Besides that one suggestion, which is probably only an issue during these kind of events, I loved the Phoenix Public Market Cafe and can't wait to go back to try something new and fresh!
5	I love love love this place. Casual yet classy and one that speaks eloquently to the neighborhood. The patio bar is very very nice (when they don't have the supersonic air wall blasting) and they allow dogs! For my dime, Cibo and this place are two of downtown's quintessential restaurants.
4	Cool market/restaurant spot in Phoenix.  Came here on a pub crawl and I was pleased with the stopover there.  They have a full bar, which is great, and a lot of food options.  We had the Chino salad (kinda like a Chinese chicken salad) and it was super tasty!  The one thing that I couldn't get over though was that this place looks and feels a lot like LGO, but I found out they aren't connected in any way shape or form.  Not sure if they used the same interior designer or just ripped off their look and feel, but it was surreal to be there and realize I wasn't in Arcadia.Other than that oddity, the market is casual, and has great food and drink options, so I plan to come back next time I am in downtown for lunch!
4	Fresh food. The Devils scramble is really good. Egg, chorizo, peppers. Just the HOT if you like it spicy.
5	This place is beautiful.  And the free cookie was a plus.  A little pricy but def yummy.  The first time I went  with my girlfriend, they had a special menu that offered very low priced meals. Great deal but no substitutions. This didn't bother me because it all sounded yummy.I ordered the fried chicken. And mashed potatoes with broccoli.  The meal starts with a small salad of mixed greens.  She had the spaghetti and meatballs. We both had left overs and left happy and full, cookies in tow.  On the second trip we noticed that there was no special menu available. But we knew the food was good so we didn't mind. Both times we checked In for the free cookie.  The chocolate chip was almost all chocolate and barely any cookie.  Just perfect for a chocoholic like my self.
4	Good place even if it seems to trend a little too hipster for my taste. We flew into the airport and wanted a quick lunch before moving on to our destination. We found the Public Market Cafe on YELP, and the market itself was packing up when we arrived. The cafe serves breakfast until 3 pm so I went for the breakfast burrito. The burrito must have had 3 or 4 eggs - it was huge and full of cheese and bacon and best of all it was grilled - I love that. Tasted great. My wife ordered a salad but was a little annoyed when the dude at the register pointed her to the premade salads in the display case. Had she known it was already in plastic she would have ordered something fresher. The star of the meal was my daughter's bagel. The strawberry cream cheese I could have done without, but the bagel itself was homemade (in the restaurant) and it was fantastic. On the way out we picked up another 3 bagels to-go for breakfasts during our trip.
4	I get coffee and the Devils mess. It's spicy and fresh. The food is all fresh with free WiFi. Atmosphere is excellent for getting work done in the morning. A bit pricey but high quality food with excellent service and a full bar!
5	My husband and I are rather unfamiliar with the area around the Opera House in San Francisco. After walking a few blocks around the area, we came across Max's Opera Cafe. Having arrived 2 hours prior to the show (a holiday matinee of the Nutcracker) we thought we may have arrived too early. It turned out to be perfect because an hour into our lunch, the line to get in extended outside the restaurant. I don't know if it was because of the holiday, but the restaurant had a great energy and was very festive. I had a salmon caesar salad which was perfectly cooked and was delicious. Service was excellent. It's also definitely family friendly! We will definitely return!
4	The food here is amazing the quality for the price is great as is the service. But their student discount only applies to ASU students. This ridiculous rivalry between A ASU/Phoenix and U of A/Tucson has got to stop. This business should be above that I expect better off this awesome local restaurant. I gotta say this has left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	The first time I came here, the public market was happening just outside of the restaurant. I really enjoyed checking out the local vendors and then coming here for some local grub. This is a great place for out-of-towners to visit. Over the course of 5 days I ordered:The Chino Salad2 Kale SaladsThe Lentil Curry Coconut SoupA Brown Rice Bowl with VeggiesThe Pork Chile Verde Pot PieA Corn CookieAn Oreo CookieSix different MacaronsI've been sampling macarons across the country since I was first introduced to them in 2008, and let me tell you. These guys just topped my list for the title of favorite macarons in the US. SO GOOD! My next favorite item I ordered was the lentil curry coconut soup. It has such a nice delicate flavor and is perfectly comforting for a cold night.
5	Note to self, try this spot if you are in Phoenix.  Yum.  We ate here the day after Christmas, and it is a cosy dinner (or lunch/breakfast spot, with wood plank picnic style tables and some regular tables too, as well as outdoor patio seating.  The inside looks rustic, with brick walls and open wood beam ceiling.  Candles and succulents were on each table, and funky art and decor on the walls.  It smells so good as you walk in the doors, and you can see samples of their dinner fare as you walk in, along with a pastry counter with delicious looking items all lined up to tempt you to lose your waist line.  Yum.We were seated quickly on a Friday night, started out with some drinks (pitcher of beer- small, enough for two, okay, and that was a server error, we did not order the pitcher, and I had a Market Margareta, which was pink, lemony and delicious).  We also ordered chips and salsa (included guacamole, and two types of salsas, one green and one red.) The chips were freshly made with just enough salt, and the guacamole and salsas were also tasty.  Decisions, decisions.  What to order?  I asked the waitress what she recommended, and there were so many things she said were great, I was a little skeptical, ha, but my husband ordered the pot pie (raved about on Yelp), and I ordered the rotisserie chicken.  The pot pie is not your mama's pot pie.  It is a delicious pastry shell filled with chili verde.  It was melt in your mouth delicious with a mild spicy flavor, that did not overpower.  My rotisserie chicken was neatly cut into manageable pieces which I appreciated because sometimes earring chicken can get very messy.  It was moist and flavorful, and perfect.  It included two sides, and I chose a salad, and baked sweet potatoes.  The salad was small, with spinach and carrots, sliced red pepper and tomato, pretty little salad.  The baked sweet potatoes were to die for if you like sweet potato.  They had a lime butter sauce on top to give them a little kick, and they just melted away in deliciousness.  Yum yum yum.  Also, get a free cookie if you check in on Yelp.  Yep, we had to do that.  We had freshly made "nutter-butter" style peanut butter cookies, which I loved.  We ordered freshly made gingerbread loaf for breakfast the next morning.  Super yummy.  They are into fresh, organic and local foods, have cute planters with produce growing in the front, they have a bar area and a happy hour.  They have a lot to offer, and I would love to go back again, but since that would be a four hour drive for me, I will just have to wait until I come back to Phoenix. Okay, go already.
1	Wanted to go to matts, but there was a long line, definitely do not settle for Phoenix public market! The guy at the front was impatient rude and unhelpful. Questions? Definitely do not ask, because he just rolled his eyes at me so I just ordered a coffee. Well, the coffee was terrible and instead of giving me my money back, the girl tried to remake it, but didn't even make the right drink. I give up, I guess I'll just find justice in writing this review. Won't be back.
4	Great place to go anytime of the day. The food is fresh, great crowd, very friendly staff, and a good beer/drink selection. Great place to meet your friends for breakfast. Best pastry is their homemade strawberry pop tart. On Sat check out the Farmer's Market with fresh produce and other cool items to buy.
4	I love what the new owners did to the place! It's a completely different experience now. The first time I went in, it was for breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they were serving Cartel coffee. My coffee tasted burned, so I was happy that my drink was re-made, and it was much better the second time around. As for the spicy omelette that I ordered, it was fantastic. It was perfectly paired with a whole grain bread and sweet jelly. While the portion wasn't huge, I was very satisfied after my meal.
5	Amazing atmosphere with local love!!! Feels good knowing my money is kept local!!! All food is organic and purchased locally!!! Healthy soul food with a small town family atmosphere!!! The biscuits and gravy are the best!!!!
5	Awesome, delicious, fresh food and super friendly staff!! Love the industrial feel of the space. Can you open a place in Oakland?
5	Excellent late breakfast spot. Ask for a habanero latte! It's not on the menu, but it's always available.
4	Seems the place to be sometimes. People stay way too long, treating it like a Starbucks. But its kind of an old Farm market, nice fresh ingredients, super salads, and of course...BEER. We sat outside, they have great heat blasters so you can sit out there, drink whatever. The kale salad and Chino salad are my faves. I also love their fresh iced teas, no sugar added, amen. Great place to find a quick gift for that tough to please friend of yours-we all have one.
4	I think this place was unique and delicious. Sort of small menu but a variety of foods for different tastes.
4	I love what the new owners did to the place! It's a completely different experience now. The first time I went in, it was for breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they were serving Cartel coffee. My coffee tasted burned, so I was happy that my drink was re-made, and it was much better the second time around. As for the spicy omelette that I ordered, it was fantastic. It was perfectly paired with a whole grain bread and sweet jelly. While the portion wasn't huge, I was very satisfied after my meal.
4	A pleasant little hipster cafe.  Kid and family friendly.  The food was excellent and the service was prompt, attentive and very friendly.  Very reasonable prices.  LOVED the pot pies
4	A pleasant little hipster cafe.  Kid and family friendly.  The food was excellent and the service was prompt, attentive and very friendly.  Very reasonable prices.  LOVED the pot pies
4	Only been here once, so they'll have to earn 5 stars.  Went with a friend of mine who suggested this place. He had the green chile pot pie, which I tasted and it was delicious. I had a rice dish with organic market vegetables which was also very, very good! I'm not sure what sauce they put on it but it really helped make the dish sing. It gave flavor to the vegetables without covering them up. I will say, for rice and vegetables $14 seems like a lot. However they were cooked expertly, & I really did enjoy myself. Beautiful restaurant with both inside and outside seating. I will be back! One note: service was friendly,  but a little slow. Also, when someone orders chips and salsa (we did) don't make them feel like a holes,  for asking for Xtra hot sauce (out server seemed inconvenienced by our simple request)
5	Everything is delicious, staff is great, overall amazing!
4	Everything was amazing here, have to try the devil fries. All was fresh and great atmosphere will be back for sure!!
4	I love what the new owners did to the place! It's a completely different experience now. The first time I went in, it was for breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they were serving Cartel coffee. My coffee tasted burned, so I was happy that my drink was re-made, and it was much better the second time around. As for the spicy omelette that I ordered, it was fantastic. It was perfectly paired with a whole grain bread and sweet jelly. While the portion wasn't huge, I was very satisfied after my meal.
4	Great place to go anytime of the day. The food is fresh, great crowd, very friendly staff, and a good beer/drink selection. Great place to meet your friends for breakfast. Best pastry is their homemade strawberry pop tart. On Sat check out the Farmer's Market with fresh produce and other cool items to buy.
4	Delicious fresh & organic food! Great service!
