5	'Tis the season! One of the things I enjoy most about the holidays is that as I peruse shops and come up with gift ideas, I usually find something for myself as well...("one for you, one for me.")...is that bad? Nah!!All the same, Scottsdale Marketplace is a treasure chest full of decor and gift giving ideas. Its a large co-operative effort of designers and vendors that bring unique items to your home or neatly wrapped with a bow on top. If you're looking for a unique gift for any occasion - give yourself the gift of stopping by the Scottsdale Marketplace. You're guaranteed to walk out with not only the perfect "something" for someone special, but you're sure to find something that is perfect for you too!
5	Fabulous collection of little shops all under one roof. Something for everyone. We found costume and antique jewelry, purses, clothing, rugs, furniture, antiques, reproductions, fabrics, dishes, tablecloths from France, rustic and refined pieces, decorative accents in all styles, lighting, outdoor furniture and planters, and above all else, we found Helen.At 92-years old, she has got to be the best salesperson I've ever encountered anywhere. Adorable, sharp, totally put-together and fit as a 30-year old Pilates instructor.Best part is this place ships anywhere.Love it and will be back!
5	Very very cool space - sort of half-consignment / half-new stuff, and entirely unique.  Will definitely be back once I close on the new home...and it doesn't hurt one bit that a restaurant like Davanti is right next door.
4	If you are looking for furniture, or even some unusual items for your home or a gift, this is a fun place to search.  My husband and I went in after checking out My Sister's Attic across the parking lot (and finding nothing), and enjoyed a good hour of searching all the different vendor displays.  We found a few things we really enjoyed and some stuff we wouldn't put in our house if you paid us, but that's the joy of a place like this.  Everyone's personal style is represented and you can find treasures or trash, depending on your view.
2	03/07/13Just passing through on a short walk after dining at a nearby resto-- my second, or perhaps third time here, and I've yet to want to purchase something.  Most of the items I found interesting are so expensive, yet their presentation is akin to walking through someone's attic full of relics.  Probably just a personal thing, since I really do not fancy shopping through clothing racks and bins.  A few of the items I've found interesting were either previously-used (gold-rimmed glassware with gold leaf rubbed out in areas, or incomplete sets) or very expensive, like the new and beautifully-hued table linens ($125 and higher!) I saw on this visit, or lovely decorative pieces with even "lovelier" prices (read: expensive).  I suppose that if I'm expected to spend a lot of money, then I would like to feel like I was pampered and just came back from vacation, and not walk out feeling like my energy was stripped away, without even a clerk pausing from their activities to flash a smile and ask me if I needed assistance.  If you have extra time and like combing through clustered spaces for a "find," do go and visit, but this is a Yelp dukedom badge I certainly don't want to keep!
5	There is something for everyone here! I was surprised at how very large the place is though it never felt "too big" because of the way the space is divided into different areas. I went there with my mom. At one point we went in two different directions and then I couldn't find her again for quite some time. Folks were friendly and helpful to us though the staff was not disbursed through out the store but mostly at the checkout or by the back door unloading stuff. Some of the items seemed a bit pricey but I also saw some really great bargains. Everything was top quality as far as I could tell with lots of one of a kind finds.
