2	I hope these guys do well. I'd love to have a Japanese restaurant closer to work but, the competition around S. Tryon @ Shopton Rd is too stiff. Some changes to the menu will be required. At the moment the menu only has hibachi grill style items and a total of three sushi items. The current promotion is buy-one-get-one free meaning we spent $6 a piece. Not bad when discounted but, not good at the regular price. I'd rather go down the street to Fortune Cookie II.It's a great idea with some potential but, with the current menu and prices, I'm sad to say Pika Japanese won't be around too long.
5	I think some things should be clarified that a previous reviewer overlooked.  When I moved back from Clemson, SC (RURAL) to southwest charlotte I was floored that there was no hibachi express kind of places in the area.  One night amidst a pouring rainstorm a bolt of lightning illuminated the "NOW OPEN Pika Express" sign and I was so excited I almost ran off the road trying to get there.  This place has the EXACT same menu and prices as every other hibachi restaurant in the southeast.  If you want sushi......this is not the place.  If you want egg rolls and General Tso's Chicken....this is not the place.  BUT if you want Hibachi....THIS IS THE PLACE!  First you need to know that Hibachi is sauteed meat, (Chicken, Steak, Shrimp) vegetables, (mushrooms or broccoli, and glazed carrots) and fried or steamed rice.  There are two versions of each dish:  Hibachi and Teriyaki.  It is a very simple menu and the food is prepared VERY quickly (about 5 minutes) and is incredible.  All this is served with a side of shrimp sauce (does not have shrimp in it...it's just the name) which is great for pouring over your rice.  It's actually much healthier than most of the food you would get at a Chinese restaurant because it's not deep fried or slathered with sugary sauces.  Pika Express does a great job for what it is.  The food is the take-out version of what you get at a Japanese steakhouse where they cook it in front of you for 3 times the price.  Needless to say, I go there 2 to 3 times a week and the food has always been fantastic.  If you want sushi and egg rolls...go somewhere else.  If you want GREAT inexpensive hibachi you will be thrilled.
5	I love japanese food and sometimes I just want a quick Japanse take out that does not require me to spend $15-20 bucks to get it. I was very happy when Pika Express open up in the South Charlotte area. If you are looking for Chinese food then yeah, you need to go down to Fortune Cookie, but if you're looking for "express Japanese" food then this is the place to go to if you're in the area. The food is good and decent for the price. Sushi is just an extra to add to their menu so don't go there wanting Chinese food and sushi and being disappointed. "READ THE SIGNS" I'm giving it a positive reviews because it meets all the qualifications of a Japanese Express place.
3	As much as I like Pika, I'm afraid it won't be around for long. The food is tasty, service is friendly and  the shrimp sauce which I never understood or liked is also worth mentioning. The prices though, are a strain on my lunch's piggy bank. I've been here a few times for lunch and paying over $10 for a two meat combo is a little disheartening. You would also expect a nice melodic mix of veggies to accompany it, but nada. All they come with are zucchini, mushrooms, onions (which are really just fillers) and a side of sweet carrots. The carrots are pretty yummy, but no broccoli or anything. They do though offer either fried rice or plain white with with the entrees - a big plus. And the fried rice isn't too shabby if I do say so myself.While it has it's downsides, overall Pika is a nice addition to the area and a good place to mix up the lunch and dinner selection.
4	This is a great hibachi restaurant!  My wife and I got the hibachi steak and we loved how tender and juicy the steak was.  We also really liked how they actually put GOOD vegetables on the side.  A step up from some other similar places, and I say that mostly because of how fresh it was.Prices were not bad at all.  Other reviews say they are high.  We paid $15 for both of us.  Granted, we did pick low-priced menu items.  Regardless, though, the prices are great!We didn't give it 5 stars because we have had better...just not in the south Charlotte area.
4	The food here is good and reasonably healthy.  I ordered scallops and broccoli with a side of fried rice.  My lunch was lean and delicious.  The service was very good.  Both employees I dealt with were kind and helpful.  Great, inexpensive place to go to lunch with coworkers.
1	I cannot explain how upset I am about this restaurant. I used to love this place, I thought the food was delicious. Then, Friday, a coworker and I went to pick up takeout on our lunch hour. First, they do not accept all major credit cards, FYI, just visa and MasterCard. My friend and I ordered and 45 minutes later, still our orders were not ready. We asked for a refund and I asked for the owners name. The girl behind the counter said, "oh he went outback." Never getting an answer. Then, she finally refunded our money since our food never came out! I called later to ask for the owner, this time the same young girl said, "SHE isn't here today!" Just very frustrating because I really enjoyed going there, but what's the point if the food I order isn't ready within an hour!
5	Pika Pika!!  My wife and I have been eating here once a week since we found it.  It is family owned and operated, and the family is awesome!  Their food is outstanding and the customer service is exceptional.  If i dont get my weekly dose of hibachi steak and scallops i start going through withdrawal.  Stop in and try them out, you won't be disappointed..  Pika Pika!!
4	Great food, a lot of it, for a cheap price.  Great service too.
4	Tasty food and large portions in this strip mall restaurant that i would never have found without Yelp. Sure, you can go to the fast food place next door but if you want something hand cooked and not mass produced, here you go.I opted for the Hawaiian Chicken, which arrived to my table about ten minutes later. A huge piece of grilled and sweetened chicken, a large portion of sticky white rice and a pile of macaroni salad. The chicken was good and hot, plenty flavorful and went well with the spicy sauce from the squeeze bottle that was provided.Sweet tea and Pepsi products from the soda fountain.
5	This is a wonderful place!!! If you are looking to try something new and yummy this is the place!! They have the best staff and customer service : ) bring friends and family it's awesome food!!
5	FABULOUS! Food is amazing! I got the teriyaki steak! And the service is wonderful! Very friendly staff and quick too. Prices were good for the quality of food they serve! Will be going back for sure! Highly highly recommend !
4	Well,  let the new year start off right with trying more of my myriad of local restaurants.  I saw a review on here for this restaurant and decided to give it a try as I don't do Japanese cuisine often.   The previous reviewer had teriyaki steak so,  based on photos and the growing growl in my stomach,  I gave it a try.   This dish was plentiful and QUITE filling.  I must admit I found it to be very delicious, wonderful flavors dancing on the tongue, a well seasoned, melt in your mouth cut of meat,  and enough for an encore meal for lunch tomorrow...  I'll be back!!!!!!
1	Anyone who gave this place more than one star probably survived long periods of famine in some developing country. I gave it one star bec the travel channel was on while I was being nauseated by this slop! For the price I paid for this "food" I could have enjoyed a meal at Kabutos. But I missed the lunch special and ended up in this pit! I ordered the shrimp and filet mignon. Ha! I got two dirty shrimp and a chopped up Bubba Burger! The fried rice was dry and disgusting with canned corn sprinkled in it. I can go on but I choose not to relive the experience.
3	I  went here for lunch with co-workers the other day. We had called ahead because they mentioned in the past it took  a little longer to get their orders. I can't say the service was outstanding, or maybe they were off their game but it was lacking.The food is good, however it's not something to write home about. This place is okay for a quick cheap meal, but I can definatly find better out there.
