5	I have never been a patient in this hospital, and I do not want to be, but if I needed Ortho attention this is the place I want to be treated. I have done some work with this hospital and the staff is just superb. The hospital is clean and appears to be very well run. Just an abundance of happy workers with happy faces it appears.
4	A family member recently had a knee replacement here. The surgery was a complete success, though I'm not sure how much of that is the credit of the hospital and how much is the surgeon who did the work.Hospital staff was good, but there were a couple things that need improvement.- The hospital asked us to be there at 11:30 for a 2:30 surgery time - three hours of sitting around and waiting made the patient so anxious that a sedative was required.- The pull cord for the light over the bed was broken - there was no way to turn off the light at night. I had to bring an eye mask.- The wifi wouldn't connect to the Internet.- The discharge process took four hours from the time the doctor told us that we'd be discharged until the discharge nurse arrived. And then another half hour of waiting for someone to "drive" the wheelchair to the lobby.PlusesPrivate roomInternet, if it workedGood parking in the nearby deckFour stars. I hope we don't need to be back.
5	I recently had surgery to fuse my lower/lumbar spine.  So I have first hand experience with this facility.The hospital is extremely well organized, well staffed and amazingly clean.  They are not fooling around with making certain that infections do not happen in their facilities.  They are continually cleaning, hand washing and gloving whenever they were around me.The patient attention was terrific with at least 30 people a day coming in to see me, cuff me, poke me, wash me, inject me and otherwise "care" for me.  And that first day of consciousness from surgery the physical and occupational therapists were there, getting me out of bed, moving and teaching me how to walk and toilet myself given my now painfully healing back.I was in such pain, having my back opened and another on my side, so my "core" was always necessary to move and that was not fun.  I appreciated the staff's attention to pain relief and keeping me comfortable.I cannot comment on the meals as I was restricted to a "clear" diet.  All three meals consisted of a bowl of chicken broth, a cup of jello and a cup of apple juice.  Oh boy!Upon discharge, the Novant Health System kicked in with home physical therapy and provision of a walker and elevated toilet seat.  It was a good package which I am using now three weeks after the surgery.I cannot think of a better place to have critical surgery done.  It is a orthopedic surgery hospital and that is only what they do.  And they do it well.I would demand to go back to Presbyterian if I need further surgery.
