5	Delicious!
2	This was a little place.  There were customers crowed around little tables.  They were located on Spring Mountain Rd/Arville St next to Mr Sandwich in Chinatown.The waitress handed me a paper menu, like a sushi menu that you mark.  The menu was limited and didn't have descriptions of the food.  I wasn't really familiar with Taiwanese food.   They need a website, but have a Facebook page.The waitress was very friendly, but I never saw her again until the bill came at the end of my meal.  I wanted a fork, but could never flag down a server.I ordered the Won Ton Noodle.  It turned out to be a soup.  There were about 5 flavorful won tons topped with baby bok choy and scallions.  The noodles were chewy.  The broth was tasteless.  The jar of hot pepper sauce was almost empty and needed to be wiped down.I won't be back.
2	As a Taiwanese native who came from Taiwan years ago, i think this place has a mediocre taste. The food looks good, the service wasn't bad, but the food doesn't have much flavor. My wife and I ordered Fried chicken with rice and "rou wan" . The "rou wan" only has a little bit of meat which is a bit of a rip off and the fried chicken was just an ok. The overall experience was a 2 out of 5. This place is not bad, but I wouldn't say it is outstanding. Also noticed that this place was also called Taiwan Deli on yelp!
4	This small little Taiwanese cafe is a hidden gem. I came here for the 2nd time yesterday after discovering it just a few weeks ago while walking around Chinatown Plaza one evening. Being Taiwanese, I found the food to be pretty good and authentic enough, although I have had better but it's certainly rare. The minced pork rice and fried chicken rice are tasty. You can also order the fried chicken separately as its own dish. The best part of coming here is the snow ice treats! Fluffy shaved ice covered with various fruit and other tasty toppings like milk or taro. Pricing is ok and considering that it's Vegas, probably reasonable. But if you're from areas with large concentrations of Chinese restaurants, you'll probably think the pricing is on the high side. Items average about $7 each for rice dishes, shaved ice, appetizers, etc.
3	Located in the Chinatown Plaza.  The strawberry-mango shaved snow just hit the spot!
4	Great food and experience! Such nice people and service was great! Small and friendly Lil place good for a date or even a family. The pork belly was delicious and the soups are very unique. To top it off, mango shaved ice!!!
4	For those looking for a bit of Taiwanese taste in Vegas, especially southern Taiwanese flavor (Tainan, Kaohsiung area), this is a great place to find it. As the name suggests, the place isn't about big and fancy. It is more about home cooking or comfort food, Taiwanese comfort food, to be exact. I really enjoyed it.  Too bad I was too full.  Otherwise the shaved ice looked pretty good. Definitely something you won't find anywhere on The Stripe. I will return again. I highly recommend it.
5	My wife said the pork mince rice is the best one she had in her life , she ate this dish in hundreds of places  !! Also The sour and spicy soup is better than I expected ! Thank you everyone in this little kitchen ! Really good food.
5	Honestly all I have ever had here is the shaved ice. But it is really good. I get the tradition brown sugar syrup kind. There are a lot od different toppings to choose from. But my favorite one here arw the taro balls they are kinda like taro flavored mochi. Super good. Service here is also pretty good. The staff is friendly and helpful.
5	Authentic Taiwanese food. Highly recommend bringing someone that at least speaks Chinese or Taiwanese with you. :)
2	I came here for lunch as I heard it's a great place to grab a quick bite.  The place was crowded but lucky they had a table for me very quickly. I ordered two items on the menu which were the famous intestine food and the Chinese meat ball.  The Intestine soup came quickly.  The meatball I guess was just taking awhile. So, I sat there.. Waiting.  Waiting. The lady who seemed like she owned the place came by twice to see if I got mine and she yelled to the back.. About the meatball.  Nope. Saw a new table get seated next to me ten minutes later.  They ordered something. Then saw one of the staff member bring over their meatball. I was really annoyed at that.  Finally I just asked for the check.  Then the lady came by and said "so you want me to wrap it up for you to go?"  No. I do not want you to wrap it up for me to go!  You forgot about my dish. She didn't offer any compensation.  No discount for forgetting. Horrible especially when you over look a dish and I only had two. And then you try to sell me to take it home after 25 min sitting and waiting. I had already finished my first dish a while ago and I just sat there. Then she told me(in Chinese), well you can come by next time to order that dish. You can pay for it then!  We just saved you some money today!"No. I will not be back to order your meatball lady.
5	The food is worth the drive...definitely better then most  Asian food you find on the strip, the owner is nice and she helps you with the menu and points out there special dishes...the shaved ice was one of the best  I've had in awhile..if your in Vegas and have a car you need to check them out...check out my pictures
3	This cozy family owned venue gives u an authentic insight of everyday Taiwanese cuisine. I spent a lovely summer in Taiwan and I was longing for refreshing winter-melon tea while having hot wonton soup. I also had the red bean shaved ice. I really liked the decor of this place, it's tiny with an open kitchen so you can see what they're making. The ordering process is self service in the sense you mark what you want on a paper and just hand it to the server. All in all great flavors, service wasn't that great because it was busy but it's still worth the trip!
3	Large portions. I had the wonton soup. I had 1/2 left over. They even gave me extra soup to fill up my togo container. LOW price. $8  Small restaurant with only 5 tables/booths. Only con was it took while to refill my water.
5	mango snow ice with pudding  are really sweet but good. strong recommend!
3	We had Sam Woo the night before and wanted to eat something different. We looked at the pictures of the food posted outside and this lady comes out and tells us to come in.  As we were eating the lady does this to many customers looking at the pictures and they all come in.  I am thinking she is the owner.I ordered the fried chicken over rice. It was okay.  I loved the pickled veggies and soy sauce egg that comes with it though.   My sister ordered the Taiwanese sausage over rice and she loved it.  My mom ordered the won ton soup.  The broth was good, but the won tons were not.
3	I was writing my first review while I was waiting for my order. Here is the latest, and most updated one.It's only my second time here. The first time, my friend treat me for some shaved ice. I LOVED it because she asked for extra milk and even told us that if we need more, all we need is ask.I tried it the second time, by myself, and ordered the same exact thing. I asked for extra milk, and they gave me just a little. The second time I ask, the guy gave me a small platter of nothing but condensed milk. He told me that it's $.50 extra! I was like WTF!I was expecting the same experience I had the first time, that's why I came back. But since they're very shady, I WONT be coming back no more! What a shame.
5	This review might be a lil late but I just got a yelp account lol anyway I been here 3 times already the food is just so good and affordable The shave ice! Is my favorite part they serve a large portion and the staff is very friendly I ask her twice for extra condense milk (coz I preferred my shaved ice super sweet) and she pleasantly served me my demands so their food for yourself
5	I love taiwanese food, and coming from l.a. I get the chance to try all yummy taiwanese food that I want. This restaurant is awesome!  Reminds me of places like old country cafe. I only had their taiwanese sausage but Ah so good! Also the staff was really nice and lastly I'm gonna make sure to become a regular when I come to visit my gf!
5	Came here for dinner. With a friend. yummy food better than Taiwan good price  with wifi.  Great for visiterCheck it out.
3	For me, Taiwanese Food is a fusion between Korean and Chinese food. Unfortunately I prefer either Korean or Chinese to Taiwanese. The flavors in Taiwanese are a bit off beat for this American palette. Notwithstanding my personal tastes, The Little Kitchen is clean and friendly and does a good job!
5	Very authentic Taiwanese food, speedy service, although the restaurant is kind of small, but feeling very warm. Waitress and waiter are very friendly. Their menu has picture always +++
3	True to its name, The Little Kitchen Cafe is a petite place in Chinatown. I have the impression that it's a family owned/operated place.  It offers a variety of items: the fried rice noodle and the meatball soup are good. Seafood noodle is somewhat bland. The stinky toku is below par. Service is what I expected of a small and busy Joint.  Oveall it's OK for a Taiwanese deli.
2	I'm reviewing only the shaved ice. We got there at 8:30pm and they're already out of all flavored shaved ice except Green Tea but only for one serving left. For 3 toppings and small amount of green tea cost us $9.75 (very expensive ) and it was not even good... And they forgot the condensed milk (which we charged for it)
