4	I actually really like the subs at Jimmy John's.  They're pretty much no-nonsense quick cold subs.  No salads, no soups, no toasting.  You can get chips and a cookie if you want, but that's pretty much all for sides.  (I think they might have pickles too?)  Anywho, the subs are huge and tasty and very quick!
5	I've been to many Jimmy Johns around Central Illinois, but this one is by far the best. The restaurant is a great size, so there is always seating and the service is very fast. I mean faster than they claim. I love the sandwiches and will never get  tired of eating here. The only downfall is that you have to pay the meter to park in their lot.
5	I love Jimmy John's and this location is great. It's close to my office, and the staff have always been ultra friendly and live up to the Jimmy J Slogan "Subs So Fast You'll Freak!"
5	Probably my favorite thing about this place is how fast it is. They literally have your sandwich made in like 2 minutes, it's beautiful. And the sandwiches are really good. I've never been unhappy with Jimmy Johns, it's perfect for drunk food, sober food, all food. I even had it for breakfast once.Rather than having to fuck around with specifying EXACTLY what you want while they take ages moving the stupid sandwich down the line like at some OTHER sub shops, Jimmy Johns already knows what you want and they are not time wasters with your dinner. Plus it's not too expensive, and sometimes they accidentally give you free cheese. Turkey Tom all the way!
4	i love jimmy johns!  they never fail me.  i am super picky about my sandwiches and they always get it right.  sometimes they make the sandwiches SO fast, they forget to cut my sandwich in half like i request.  my favorite sandwiches are the tuna and bootlegger.  and i LOVE their jalapeno chips.  yum-o!
4	Your standard Jimmy Johns.  They made your subs fast, empty your wallets even faster.  This place was great since last year I lived in PAR (worst dorm ever at the time) so it just was a quick walk/bike ride away.  I don't order much from here anymore with so many other options around, since I live pretty far away from Lincoln now, but if you're in the area and looking for some quick food, definitely the place to stop at.
2	I love Jimmy John's.  Jimmy John's is my sub sandwich shop of choice.  I love the insanely fast service and the mind-blowingly delicious bread and fixings.  That is why I dropped by here on my most recent visit for a quick lunch before driving 4 hours back home.Speed was not this location's problem.  Nor was space.  They were both efficient and huge with about 8 people working.  Granted, they were not really busy when I stopped in.I got my 'usual.'  That is, a #2 (roast beef) with hot peppers, easy on the mayo.  Not difficult, to be certain, and MAJORLY delicious.  In about 30 seconds, my sandwich was handed to me.  I sat down, unwrapped it, and was treated to what can only be described as a wet sub.  Wet.  Mayo was dripping out of the corners, but not because there was too much...but because it was wet.  Wet with what, I'm not sure.  I think perhaps they didn't shake the vinegar off the hot peppers, or didn't squeeze the lettuce properly or something.  It was pretty gross and I was pretty disappointed.Also, most of the tables still had crumbs and refuse all over them.  There were about 3 customers in this enormous place, and 8 workers.  To me, those tables could definitely have been cleaned in a timely manner.
5	Ah, my first Jimmy John's.  So many memories...
5	On multiple occasions, I have had my sammich in my hands before I'm even finished paying.  This JJ is ultra fast... and  it may or may not have to do with it being overstaffed.  There's someone to yell a greeting to you as you walk in, someone to take your order, a few heads on the sammich line, a cashier, and I'm pretty sure we got a farewell holler too.How about they donate someone to the bake-Tricia-some-of-that-awesome-wheat-bread-on-a-daily-basis cause?
5	My second stop on my Champaign food tour was to pick up Jimmy Johns on the way to the hospital.  I needed something that I could take into my Mom's hospital room (which ruled out Papa Del's) so I stopped by this Jimmy Johns.  I was in and out in about 2 minutes, with a delicious sub in my hand.  What makes these subs so good is the bread... the best I've ever had at a sub shop.   They do really pile on the mayo though, but that's part of JJ's experience... 100 x better than Subway!I wish they had a Jimmy John's in Phoenix!
1	First of all --these sandwiches taste like nothing. OK, they taste like fattening mayo and dull, crunchy iceburg lettuce. This to me is the epitome of bland American fare.... no culinary flare whatsoever and so unhealthy for you. It's a shame that people can't find a more delicious sandwich option in town. We have so many! If the only reason you like this place is because it's fast... then I'm sorry.
1	I learned just today that the guy who owns the place kills wild animals for sport.  LEOPARDS, ELEPHANTS, BEARS, and other beautiful ENDANGERED ANIMALS on safari.  Truly disgusting.  He's proud and brags about what he kills -- and posts pictures everywhere of his "trophies."  http://www.facebook.com/BoycottJimmyJohnsOh yeah -- the food is terrible -- over-processed ingredients and tasteless.  Like owner, like food, I suppose.
3	well, that was fast! my sandwich was made before i even finished paying.The bread wasn't anything to write home about. The whole experience was simple, fast, and easy.
5	the bread...the bread...the bread.  eat it and be happy.
5	Subs So fast you'll freak. Sandwich done before you put your change in your pocket.
5	Who wouldn't love this place?? The weather is crap so we order Jimmy Johns. Order it at 1:39...he rings my bell at 1:50. Needless to say the food is great. From ordering to receiving its an all around good experience.
4	You want super fast food and amiable service? Well, this is the place to go for super fast 8" subs. You'll need to pay for the parking meter though to eat at this place.
5	I love their tuna sandwich, my favorite. Bread smells good, the vegetables are fresh. The best is that it is super quick. Order is ready even before I finish paying
2	I'm slightly confused at the high ratings. JJ isn't bad. But everyone raving about the bread? It's average. Yes, delivery is crazy fast, and they are better than other huge chains, but is that our standard now? Better than the worst? I'd rather go to a local joint, that is not being sued for wage theft and accused of making its employees (even drivers) sign unprecedented non-compete clauses.
