5	I absolutely love taking my dog, Lola, to the Pink Poodle for her grooming. We've been going to them for a few years now (since they were at their last location), they are awesome! We usually book appointments with Nicole. My dog has really short hair and most grooming places can't get her bows on right, but Pink Poodle can! :)
5	These guys are great!  I took my dog here on a walk in basis to fix a bad cut from another groomer.  They bent over backwards to help me out as well as take the time to make sure they understood what I was expecting.  They were all very friendly and helpfull.  We will most deffinately be returning
5	Those nice ladies have been able to accommodate my four dogs (yes, I said four dogs, get over it!) all on the same appointment and they gave me a discount on the top of that!The job was impeccable.My four babies seemed very happy and stress free after their appointmentThe shop is very pretty and the staff is professional and knowledgeable.Will definitely come back!
5	My Baby has never looked this good. And she was so happy. Thanks for the great service. I will be  back!
5	They did an amazing job with my overly furry and shed-tastic corgi.... he got the works (brushing, trimming, nails and teeth) for $45... I was so impressed with the cut...most places don't take the time to make it as perfect as they did and charge more!! I will definitely bring my corgi back here.... they were very nice and kind. They only accept cash or check!!
5	Pink Poodle is excellent. I have two Poodles and always bring them here since I moved to Vegas in 2007. BETH  is the best she will take care of your dog. Fully recommend.
5	Excellent service. Very organized. Several groomers on staff. Large client list so call ahead for an appointment. Been in this location and same owner for several years. Reasonable prices. Treats our babies with love and care. Highly recommend! !
5	I have been bringing my dog, Casper, here for about 4 years.  Beth does a wonderful job and he always leaves looking great.  I am often asked by dog owners where I have Casper groomed, that he looks so good.Carol R
5	I freaking love this place! I've been taking my girl here for a year now. After searching for a good groomer here in vegas for 6 months we came here. Seems like they specialize in making little dogs cute and fluffy! Which is what I like. My roomate took her somewhere else while I was on vacation and they said she was too matted and shaved her!!!!!!! Pink poodle never shaves her !! They always take their time and make her look gorgeous! I love the feathers they put in her ears too!!! They certainly have my biz :)
5	After reading the reviews, I realized I needed to add something that the others have not mentioned. Yes, the place is clean, and decorated with love.  Yes, the women working there do an outstanding job catering to the owners by making their dogs beautiful.  Yes, the atmosphere is made as calm and stress free as possible for the dogs.  Yes, the prices are competitive.  It is obvious they care about customer service.What is not obvious, is Kathy, the owner also volunteers her time and skills to groom shelter pets at her own expense. Many dogs have found homes that would not have, if it wasn't for her excellence in making neglected and abused dogs look their very best. She has the "touch" to calm the fears of these homeless ones looking for a forever home.
5	Always the best groomers in Las Vegas!  Thank you Beth for taking care of Max and Sassy!
1	I used this salon for my Yorkies. I was happy with the grooming until one day they sliced one of my dogs pretty badly between her toe pads. I actually have no issue with that.  Accidents happen and I'm sure my dog didn't make it easy for them. My problem was with their follow up. PPPT called when the incident happened and told me to come get her and that I had to bring her to their vet. (No where near me...very inconvenient.). I took my dog to their vet who was shocked by the amount of glue and mess created to seal the wound. THEIR vet mind you...bad mouthing the care my dog got at PPPT.  My dog was treated and the follow up was done with this vet. PPPT paid those bills no problem. PPPT never once called me to follow up, apologize, or check on the dog. Never. Once. It's now about 8 years later. She still has the limp. Never a single call. Shame on you PPPT. "Sorry" goes a long way. Follow up on these things. Accidents are excusable.  Rudeness and apathy are not.
