4	boy we are so happy to finally have a little taste of southern california in our backyard. yeah we have fatburger & in & out too but bob's big boy folded up last year and that was our favorite. tommy's serves chili on everything so if you like chili head to tommy's. the burgers are huge & they load on the chili, the shakes are awesome, the fries are nice & crispy and loaded with chili & cheese. i wish they gave you an alka-seltzer with your meal though because you are gonna need it. the place looks great-alot like in & out, the service is very fast & friendly and the food is pretty darn good for a fast food joint. we posted this place last week as soon as we found it has opened and after a long day at the car show we had to make a pit stop for a long awaited bite of socal history!! we definitely recommend tommy's for a good old-fashioned chili burger!!!
5	Thank God they finally opened one up last year.  I used to have to speed to Barstow to get my hands on my favorite indulgence.  I remember following all the drama on the internet ever since I moved to Vegas.  With the delays and uncertainty it was well worth the wait and the drive from North Las Vegas.  I made excuses to drive all the way down there to St. Rose PKWY but now I end up getting to their second Vegas location more....this one on Boulder HWY.
2	So I finally gave in to my curiosity about this "major LA tradition" and wow, I was so disappointed! Here's the quick rundown... First, its WAAAY on the east side of town, not worth the drive just for the experience, so save your gas money and time. Second, the burger meat itself - maybe .175 mil thick, I mean thin. Where's the beef? Not here! RIDICULOUS. My double burger when taken as a complete unit, tasted of mustard, dill pickle and chili-goo. There is no grilled beef flavor, nothing more than mustard and pickleness. Folks seem to speak highly of the chili fries, so while I've never in my life ordered that particular item from anywhere, I decided to make it a first (along with my first Tommy's visit). THAT is comfort food. It is everything I imagine one would want in a Cheese Fries - salty-crispy-cheesey-thick chili - its like a big thick food blanket. I forced from my mind the thought of, "how many calories are probably in this danger food?" ... all for the sake of my fellow Yelpers. Yes, its all for you! ;)Anyway... bottom line, In-N-Out is where you need to go if you want anything short of a gourmet burger, that tastes like a burger. Animal style, oh yeah. If you need a fast-food-level chili fix, Wienershnitzel is your place. They have a chipotle chile thing now, and to tell you the truth, it is almost identical to Tommy's chili. They probably source it from the same company. My Tommy's experience sat in my gut, uncomfortably so, for about 5 hours. I'm not used to eating such heavy food, an I will tell you that the other folks at Tommy's that evening seemed to have a BMI of over 40. That should tell you a lot.
2	OK, so being the BurgerBoy, I'm always looking for new burgers and decided to give Tommy's a try.I ordered the double burger with everything on it.Unfortunately I was really disappointed. It was basically like eating a bowl of chili on a bun. I couldn't really taste the meat or anything else over the chili the whole thing was smothered in. Also, they loaded the thing with pickles- a few is fine but there was like a quarter pound of pickles on mine. Not sure if that is the norm or if they were playing a cruel joke on me, but it wasn't tasty.Since I didn't see the option of a burger without chili I probably won't be getting another- the chili was bleh at best- I've had better from a can.
5	Grew up in Los Angeles. Ate many times at the original on Beverly and Rampart. The heat from the chili there has yet to be matched at any tommy's. All the same, the burgers were awesome and the Tamale is the best. Same cheap prices for a sloppy, tasty, loaded burger
5	Chili cheeseburger, chili cheese fries, large coke.  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM yeah!   DO IT!
1	Worst shit I've ever eaten, couldn't even finish then threw up.  AVOID AT ALL COST
3	I had the chili double burger .  The burger patties r thin , they put a nice thick layer of chili, the chili is not so runny that it's to hard to eat . Don't get me wrong it's still a messy burger but could b worse with with a thin chili. It comes with lettuce , tom ,onions , pickles and yuck,  mustard,hold the mustard PLEASE!!  The chili is a solid chili , by that I mean it won't offend to many people, not to hot or spicy middle of the road safe . I also had the chili tamale which came w/ the famous chili , American cheese onions and pickles ? The cheese is not melted but I'll live. Pretty decent tamale, kinda embarrased , don't know what kind of meat was in tamale, menu jus says chili tamale I guess if your eating a double chili burger does it really matter ?  I'll b back
5	Tommys is the best place to get a chili cheese burger or fries .....5 stars
2	NO CHICKEN PRODUCTS. Seriously, in this day and age?I drove by this place hundreds of times, thinking it sounded pretty cool, and the other day finally bit the bullet and went inside. Put bluntly, there just isn't much of a reason to go back. I had no problems with the service or the speed at which we got our food, so I can at least list that as a positive for this place. But their menu lacks any real variety. Sadly, the place is essentially a poor man's In-N-Out Burger, and they share In-N-Out's biggest flaw - a lack of any chicken products. Not everyone likes burgers and hot dogs, and you sure as hell can't make a meal out of just fries. In their defense, the place also had a breakfast menu, but they weren't serving it all day so that sort of defeats the purpose. The big gimmick behind this place is they like to put chili on everything.... but seriously, can you run a whole restaurant around this premise?Disappointingly, the shakes are standard fast food fare, themselves being similar to In-N-Out. If I go into a retro-style restaurant, I want a quality 50s diner-style malt, not the crap I can go down the street to McDonalds and get.If this place would add chicken products to their menu they would score some major points in my book.... but I somehow doubt that will happen anytime soon.
1	Went to this Tommy's today for dinner not knowing what to expect. The reviews are mixed. I didn't form an opinion quickly, but it wasn't long before I decided this place was not a place I'd ever visit again. There is a $.69 fee for every transaction because it's counted as an ATM transaction. It's 2011, and they don't take credit cards....unbelievable!  But wait it doesn't stop there. I ordered a hot dog and they screwed up the order. When I got home is when I saw the huge tomato in the center that I told them I didn't want on it. That's still not the kicker. As I was eating my hotdog ignoring the transaction fee, and the lack of attention to detail on my order, I noticed my cheese was extra stringy. The string was long and it wouldn't break....it was a long hair in my hotdog. I will never go there again! Thanks Tommy.
5	Clean, quick with the order and the burgers actually tasted good at the price of acquisition on the special day I visited. I first experienced Tommy's Original Hamburgers while at a technology conference in Hollywood, CA. Happy to have found one in Las Vegas. Well, I didn't find it, it found me. How you may ask. Well, through Twitter. Their Twitter account reached out and alerted me to a special they were running on Tuesday. Mention the secret word and good to go! Now that I was at a familiar fun hamburger shop, I thought it would be good to test out the fries. The fries are done to a golden perfection known only to a select few restaurants I've been to. They are thicker & longer than those found at other In and Out type burger places. Everyone that visited around me finished all of their food and were in good spirits. Two groups of two walked in after me.
3	When we lived in Hawaii, my husband talked about Tommy's all the time, he was under the impression it was the best next thing in burgers.  So when we packed our bags and moved to Vegas, our first stop out of LA was Tommy's Famous Hamburgers in Barstow.  We both enjoyed our first burger smothered with chili and we became a fan.Little did we know, Tommy's would come to Vegas.  So occasionally we are craving a greasy, chili double cheese burger and head straight here.  Don't get me wrong, it's not too greasy, it's the "just right" greasy kind.  The chili is thick and sticks pretty much on the burger, but it gets a little messy.  The chili is also not very spicy, medium I think, they serve the little banana peppers too, so you can spice it up even more if you need to.  This burger place is not the top of the line burger joint, but, for a late evening, must have chili cheese burger, this place hits the spot
5	So good, it's my cheat meal. So good, I'll take an extended lunch to drive out there. So good, I'll deal with the rumble tummy.Living in Los Angeles, I'm quite familar with Tommy's Famous Burgers. I've eaten at the original in LA and started out my fun in Hollywood at the Tommy's at the beginning of the strip.Hence I was quite sad when I moved away to several different locations (each without a Tommy's). Every now and then I would get a craving for a "good" chili burger but one bite and you just know it's not as good as you were hoping. It's not good because it's not Tommy's.Once we got one (actually more that one) in Vegas, I made a special trip to check it out. One bite and all the memories came back. "Og Mah Gahd dis is so good" I mumbled while savoring that first delicious bit.Here was the burger of my memories. A double with chili and cheese and a side order of chili cheese fries. A few of their yellow chili peppers and I'm a happy girl.I notice some people are unhappy they can't find chicken sandwiches here. I know... at a burger place! I've thought about deducting points since I can't get clam chowder, sushi, or pizza. Then I remembered, I'm at a BURGER place and it all makes sense again.If you're unhappy because you can't find Pho, Ceasar Chicken salad, or steak tartare served at the BURGER joint then this isn't the place for you.If you want a great chili cheese burger then go to Tommy's. I've thought about them for over 5 years and the taste after waiting didn't disappoint.
3	Not for the light or weak hearted. A case of Maalox makes a nice dessert.I've eaten at plenty of Tommy's down in SoCal, and decided I was hungry for it again. It's only a once every 6 month craving. I like their chili but it beats me up something fierce with the heartburn when you go to bed that night, and gives you plenty of aromatic offings in the morning. (LOL, I'm trying to keep this clean). I don't care much for their burgers, so I usually get their Chili Tamales & Chili Cheese Fries. They glop on plenty of chili on everything and will give you a ton more extra (for free) if you ask for it. Its a kind of chili, no beans, like a thick greasy spaghetti sauce, its hard to explain, but its pretty good. (Probably would make a good drywall spackle) This locations tamales this day were slightly overcooked and chewy, but the CC fries were pretty darn decent.
5	Great if you want chilli on your burgers and fries. Not something I would want all the time, but if you do Tommy's is the best place to get it.Burgers are great and so are the fries. Cheap and very filling!
3	I have to admit. Someone at work bought a bunch of Tommy's Chili Cheese Hot Dogs. I think their hot dogs were pretty darn good, I think my new fav here. Big beefy hotdogs. Not them little scrawny things you get at Weinerhouseschnitzel.
4	It's a great late night stop. It's perfect after a night on the tables. It slides down great after a fun fill night of Coronas.
5	Its 7:00am and I have to wait till 8:00 for a Doublecheese!!!! It used to be open 24hrs.  Not to long ago, we would drive to Barstow (2hrs) eat and drive back. Many times, I would go to the Barstow location, buy 20 doubles, they would wrap them for me and I would send them UPS Next day air to Boston to my friends. Been going to Tommys since a double burger, chili dog and a soda cost 90 cents.  Enough reminiscing..Its close to opening..
5	Fabulous, simply fabulous....just as good as in California.   You really should visit this place....
5	Man I love me some Tommy's!
1	Blah barf worst burgers.
4	I grew up in Los Angeles and who couldn't pass a Tommy's burger?  Some may not appreciate the experience that went along with driving into the valley to get a Tommy's burger and fries when they visit today so their reviews can come across as not impressed.  Thankful that they made it passed Barstow into Nevada.  We always have to stop in Lenwood to get our Tommy's.  Its a messy burger and I wish they put even more chili on the burger.  Love dragging my fry thru the chili on the burger.  Good tasting food with good memories.
5	The hot dog and fries were very good! Hubby is the burger eater and scarfed down his.It seems a lot of people are always come into this location by foot when I am here. Sometimes there are just groups of people sitting outside eating Tommy's. There isn't a table people just sit on the curb or near the side of walmart. I always wonder if I am missing out on something or avoiding something shady. This isn't my favorite of the NV Tommy's locations but the food is consistent and the workers are very friendly so when working on this side of town it hits the spot.  I haven't tried their breakfast yet we always make it for lunch or dinner!.. :)
3	This Tommy's location is not as good as the Tommy's I grew up on in California.  Nevertheless, it is my first choice when I want a chili burger.  There is something about the chili here that is so good.  It is thick and smooth.  And there is no shortage of it on the burgers.  Or anything they put it on for that matter.  You can get a cheese burger.  A double cheese burger.  A hot dog.  A tamale.  A breakfast burrito.  All of it with chili.  I usually get a double cheese with everything (chili, cheese, tomatoe, onion, pickles and mustard).  It is such a treat.  Use a fork to scrape the fallen chili off the paper.  There will be enough for a couple good forks worth.  If you are into hot things, ask for some of their hot peppers.  They will light you up.   A good complement to the mild chili.
5	5 stars for a fast food burger joint?  Yep.I love Tommy's.  Those chili cheese burgers are the sloppiest, tastiest burgersYou can get . Tell them to hold the chili - still better than InNOut. IMHO.Double chili cheeseburger, with chili fries, or a tamale smothered in chili, cheeseand onions. Worth driving for.Don't  forget the cherry coke and the peppers!  Your ass might just whistle TheStar Spangled Banner for it later, but dont be scared - plan ahead. I do. Growingup in SoCal, I have a weakness for those Tommy chili burgers.
3	I was looking for a hamburger and fries type of place and tried Tommy's.  I had a burger and fries without the chili.  They are definetely a step above McDonalds,  and they were good and I could have had them with many different toppings and was asked by friendly wait staff if I wanted more on my order.  The place was clean and the customers seemed to be regulars as most said they would return as they were leaving and acknowledged by the staff.  My next visit, I'll try the Chili on my order and update my review.
3	This LA based burger joint was a late night stop of ours in Vegas. It prides itself on its chili topped everything. I found the fries to be nothing special (definitely not fresh cut) but much better when topped with the chili and fake cheese sauce. The burgers were fresh not frozen and tasty. But in a town where in n out is available, I wouldn't hit Tommy's again sorry. Its good but in n put is much better to me.
3	This visit actually mad me a little sad, while the food was ok, it certainly wasn't like the Tommy's in the LA area. It's a step above McDonalds, but a step below smash burger etc.Worth the visit ? Not really, if your looking for a burger and you are near there you can certainly do worse, but not worth going out of your way for.
4	Tommy's is a joint I always enjoyed while living in los angeles (san fernando valley). I don't have it that often now living in las vegas as the two locations we have are both on the opposite end of town.I usually always get a chili cheese fry and a burger. Mmmmmm yum. What a treat it was to have this night my boyfriend and I were both craving it. We are lucky they are open late so we were able to enjoy them at 11pm at night!Not much to say, the food does the talking and is always consistently good and fresh!
4	I eat here atleast once a week, I grew up in LA in the late 70s and always stopped over at Tommy's in Sepulveda after the Wednesday Night's Cruisin' Van Nuys Blvd. I was so excited when the first Tommy's opened up here in Vegas....only 5 mins from home!  Can't quite understand why it isn't popular here in Vegas compared to SoCal.
2	Is this McDonald's? No, it's Tommy's allegedly Famous Hamburgers. The only difference between this burger and a McDonald's one is that this burger cost twice as much.I have been wanting to try Tommy's for a long time--after seeing billboards on the way to/from LA advertising this place, I thought it was for sure going to knock me out. It was the most lackluster burger experience I've had thus far in Vegas for sure. The burger felt like a frozen factory hockey puck, and the best part of my meal was the giant Cherry Coke. After trying it once, I can't say that I'll be back. It satisfied my starving belly, but not for long and not again.
4	After the drive up from Phoenix for March Madness . . . I decided to stop for lunch before heading to the hotel . . . and I am glad I did.Though this place is located in a seeder part of Las Vegas . . . I was surprized at how clean it was both inside and outside . . . and how friendly the staff was.I ordered a double cheese burger, chili cheese fries, and a medium coke . . . the soda was your typical self-service soda bar with free refills . . . the chili cheese fries were hot and crispy, but I would have preferred a something other a cheese slice for the cheese . . . the burger was very tasty, but the beef patties were overdone and dry.My biggest surprize was the chili . . . it had a great flavor and had just the right amount of spices that it did not over-power the rest of the meal.Will I be back . . . YES . . . but not this trip . . . too many other spots to check out and try this trip.
4	I love Tommy's! Yum, yum, yummy!I am so excited that we actually have Tommy's in Vegas now.  It used to always be one of my first stops whenever I was in Cali, so having it in town is a blessing, in my book.  It is nicer to just drive across town instead of across state lines!  I am a big fan of pretty much anything smothered in chili and cheese, so this place is nirvana for me.  You will definitely be full after eating a combo meal.  The burgers are big, juicy, and so messy.  The hot dogs are huge and just covered is delicious goodness.  And the fries, well all I can really say is DROOL...Everything comes with chili and cheese, but you can order things without it as well, if that isn't your thing, though why would you not want chili and cheese??? On top of great food, the staff is always really friendly and cheerful.  It is so nice to be helped by someone who actually is happy, smiling, and fun to talk too.  Great customer service is always a big bonus for me.  I wish more food joint like this had friendly people working at them.So the moral of the story is that you need to get to Tommy's ASAP!  And to bring a bib because the amazingly, delicious, gooey chili and cheese will most likely get everywhere when you are eating a fantastic burger!
1	Worse food ever. Chili is awful, a can of chili may even be better. Burger patties are so thin a diff burger joint for sure has thicker ones. Over priced, customer service, taste were a big disappointment. They do not live up to its name: Tommy's
3	Better than McDonalds but nothing to write home about. I agree with other reviews the chili reminds of something from a middle school cafeteria. The people seem nice and the place is clean, always a plus on Boulder Hwy..
4	My first visit to Tommy's. Double cheese burger (with chili) went down pretty easy. Not bad at all. It's not what I would call a great burger however. There was nothing sensational about any one part of the burger. I do like the fact that the bun was toasted. The fries were good, but also not sensational. The best part of the food was not the food itself, it was that the place was very clean and the employees were friendly and customer centric. I would go back again.
1	Too much money for too little, bad tasting, food!My 3 teenage sons & I tried Tommy's tonight. Not one of us liked it! The patties are so thin I don't know how they stay together. So thankful I got my burger without chili, I tasted a forkful of my son's and it had the consistency of paste. Maybe that's how they keep it in the burger? lolFries were meh and the interior is like a small generic In-n-Out.
2	I thought a place that specializes in hamburgers would be way better than this. The other reviewers are correct, the burgers are very thin. Def order at least a double. They do not have bacon or mushrooms. They have raw onion but not sauteed. Only american cheese. No coleslaw or beans. It wasn't gross or anything, but not what I expected. I would not recommend anyone going here unless they are in a huge rush & want a very basic burger. We have ordered burgers from Cafe Verde & they have been wayyy better than this.
3	I've seen this place mentioned on Hamburger Documentaries and noticed there was one in town a few years back but never stopped in to give' em a try. After a friend told me he liked them more than In and Out it sparked my interest enough to try it for myself. I've read that their burgers are very thin and that the chili has a mixed rating of love it or hate it. I tried the burger they boasted about so proudly " Famous double chili cheese burger" I can tell any newbie this, don't wear your Sunday best here. It comes double wrapped since it's messy. The bun suffers from the amount of chili they put on their burgers and falls apart fast. The chili itself is thick and beanless. It tastes like the middle of cheap beef flavored store bought cornmeal tamales. I can only imagine the tamale they offer is just that smothered in the insides of its brothers. The chili is not too strong nor are the pickles they pile on the burger. I don't like pickles on burgers but this was ok. I did find myself keeping a few on. They offer sports peppers with your meal and it's a good kick for the "okay" burger. The price makes it hard to have any hatred for them but I don't think I'll eat there any time soon maybe next year.
1	No flavor not worth the price only thing I tasted was salt. Also it took a long time to get the food.  After only 2 bites I had had enough and tossed it.  Checked off my to try list and I gotta say I was pretty disappointed.
4	The service was fast and courteous to go with all the food perfectly prepared. The burgers and dogs came with all the extras and tasted great!!!!!!
5	Tommy's is my Mom's favorite place. Being that she is a pickie eater I always know that if I get her a burger (with extra pickles) from here she will devour the whole thing. I've tried many things at Tommy Burger some of my favorites are the Tamale covered in chili and cheese, the Double Tommy Burger and the Chili cheese fries. If you are a first timer any of those items will be sure to satisfy your hunger. Their chili is unique it has no beans and is delicious. I'd cover ALL the things with it.I also love that they have great prices! You can feed the whole family for under $20. If you aren't counting calories and want something different in a burger make sure you stop by Tommy Burger.
4	As someone from Texas, I really miss Whataburger and it's a shame there's none here.  I kept hearing about how good In-N-Out Burger was and it was disgusting.  1000 Island on a burger?!  Nowhere near the hype.  So, I decided to try this place.  What a pleasant surprise it was!  The chili really goes good with the burger.  And Chili and Cheese go well on the fries, too.  If I have one complaint, they should use shredded cheddar cheese instead of American cheese with the chili.  It would go much better with it.  However, it is a good burger, at a good price.
5	Tommys.  Just the best burger around period.  I've been a Tommy's regular since I was 5 when we lived near the original Rampart location.Tommy's was the best then and they are the best now.  No other restaurant has been as consistent for as long as Tommys.  You owe it to your self to give them a try.
5	Great place to get a chili burger !!!
1	Poor rendition of the ones in California dirty poor service and poor eats never again
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent.  Tommy's is always great, always consistent.  You owe it to yourself to try it.
1	How do they get the burgers so thin? Better get the double or you don't get no burger! This place really sucks for the prices they are charging. The chili is the same as the cheapest can at the supermarket. How does this place survive & is it the same as the other Tommys in town??St Rose Pkwy?
