5	The Wedding Room is a wonderful place for a wedding reception, with friendly staff, tasty catering, and beautiful decor. It truly is "elegant and affordable", like they say.But it isn't only for weddings, it's also a great location for business meetings and other social events, especially since it is in a pretty centralized location.I'd recommend this place for any kind of social gathering.
5	The Wedding Room is a fantastic place to hold a reception, as we did just a couple days ago!Patty is amazing to work with.  I simply cannot praise her highly enough!  She is professional and helpful.  The first time we checked out this reception hall I thought it looked kind of cheesy, but I walked away from it thinking that Patty feels like a favorite aunt, and wishing that she worked at a higher-end place so we would feel more comfortable booking it.  When we got home and looked at our finances, the budget actually made this place look better and better.  The deals they have are amazing!  for $3000, we got the hall, the linens, plates, food, cake, DJ, and coordinator (you can guess who that is!)  The other places we looked at had us paying twice that much just to rent the hall and have a dinner. Although we were worried about the room looking a little strange, and also being attached to a bar, when it gets all decked out (and they sure know how to dress the room!) it looks great, and the bar next door is great for that uncle that needs a little down-time or wants to check the scores, and doesn't intrude on the wedding at all!Everyone we worked with in conjunction with our reception was really great, the food was delicious (hard to do!), but covered in cheese.  The meat was cooked properly, the chicken wasn't dry, the salad crisp, and one of my bridesmaids was SO impressed with the Donna's potatoes she  wrote a thank-you note to the chef on a napkin!  The cake was fantastic, and looked and tasted better than I thought it would!The DJ was enthusiastic, and (quelle suprise!) has even won Best DJ awards for Las Vegas in 2011!I was so impressed with the way everything turned out, I didn't have to worry about a thing or come to anyone's rescue.  Thanks to the team at The Wedding Room, it was the first time on my wedding day I  could just relax and really enjoy myself.
5	We have been taking our organization, The Las Vegas Media Group, to the Wedding Room for some time now.  We meet once a month for a lunch meeting.  The staff at the Wedding Room is wonderful to our group: the food is delicious, filling, and generously portioned; our server Patty is professional, courteous, and efficient, and friendly, too!This is the best place in Las Vegas, a true treasure.
5	I've been attending a club meeting at The Wedding Room for the past five years. The food and service is what keeps me and my friends coming back, month after month. We are able to build our own menu for each of our monthly meetings with the help of Patti. She, and her staff,  do a wonderful job of arranging a most enjoyable dinner meeting. Bottom line: food and service. It's the best.Ralph Requa
5	My husband and I had our wedding reception at The Wedding Room on 11/18/13. The whole planning and organizing was smooth and easy to plan even if I lived in the Midwest. Patti was great from the start and the staff. We used Best of the Best DJs (DJ Steve), Cake Designs (Megan) and KK's Photography (Keith) for an awesome 3 hour Las Vegas Photography Tour and reception photos - all recommended by The Wedding Room. During the reception, nothing went wrong and the time went by so fast. It was a lot of fun! This place is totally affordable and would recommend it to anyone. We had a blast and wish we could do it all over again, or an anniversary party sometime down the road. Thank you Patti!!!!
5	We were married 11-18-2006 and book our reception here. We were going for a fun, classy, easy experience for us and our guests and that exactly what we got! We had an early wedding and reception so that our guests could enjoy their time in Vegas also. When we bookd the venue in August we had pretty much finalized everything however; I needed to make some last minute changes and they were very helpful. Being from out of state they took care of helping make all the arrangements for DJ, cake, decor, transportation and everything else. The DJ was fabulous and made sure everything was final 3 weeks before the wedding. He provided great suggestions and really kept the party going during the reception. The food was great. My husbands grandfather kept saying how good the food was and even told me "this is real food not that fake wedding food." lol. Everyone enjoyed the food and commented on how good it was. The cake was delivered and the staff had everything set up beautifully when we arrived. A few days before I had dropped off the favors, cake cutter, flutes, and all of our other stuff which was also out and arranged beautifully upon our arrival. It was everything I pictured for our wedding reception and under our budget. The staff is friendly and professional. They made sure that our special day was everything we hoped for!
