5	I,m very impressed with the service from this company. Ordered a leather full size sleeper to fit in this 100 year old home. Since the rooms were built rather small in those days a full size couch not really fit. Did a search on the internet and could not find what was needed at Macy's or the other high end furniture stores. Club Furniture had what I wanted, plus at a much lower cost. They sent me samples of the goods to confirm my choice of leather and waited for me to confirm. The quality of the sleeper is as good or better than what I expected. One caveat if you order a sleeper do do a upgrade on the mattress as even the upgrade seems thin but thats rather the nature of the beast. Delivery and manufacure was a total of 2 months very commendable with ball the holidays and storms here in NJ. The delivery guys came early , called ahead and to my delight cleaned up all the packaging material.
5	It's a leap of faith to buy furniture online with only photos and fabric swatches to go by. But we couldn't be happier with the results. The sleeper sofa, ottoman and leather recliner all exceeded our expectations. Plus we feel like we got a really good deal. Thanks to Darrin and the crew at clubfurniture for everything. We will definitely be back for more. - Jeff and family in Atlanta
1	The customer service was fine for this company.  However, the workmanship absolutely stinks.  I bought a sleeper sofa with a slipcover and after the first washing, the seams started to come apart.  I had to send it in at my expense to have it fixed.  None of the inner seams of the slipcover are finished or overlocked, so the threads unravel very easily.  Mind you I have only washed the covers once, but upon getting ready to rewash them, noticed that the zipper seam became unraveled.  I would NEVER purchase a slipcovered sofa from this company.  Just extremely poor quality.  I have had better quality with my cheap Ikea slipcovers at a fraction of the price.Heed my warning!
4	I am giving Club Furniture 4 stars because they stand behind their word and do what is best for the customer.  While I had some issues with the delivery that caused extensive damage to the sleeper sofa, Darrin was understanding and did an exceptional job at helping to resolve the issue.  Any business that follows through on their word and supports the customer foremost is one I will endorse.  Also, I have told they no longer use this delivery company.  The sofa itself imondern and beautiful - the Connie Sleeper sofa with memory form matress - it's very comfortable!
