2	This store sucks.  The merchandise, teams, everything is limited.  The store looks 1/2 empty.  The employees are friendly but they enjoy chatter with each other more.  I rather hit the mall or online.
4	I love this store .... I literally tripled my Philadelphia Eagles gear with absolutely adorable tees.  My boyfriend has found several shirts and hats that he loves and I LOVE coming here to get tees of my favorite team.  As a girl, it's difficult to find sports gear that's flattering and feminine but Just Sports always has a huge stock of a big variety of teams .... that's also key.  THEY DO NOT JUST SELL AZ TEAMS!! That's so exciting to me! As an out-of-stater, all of my teams are from PA and I'm thrilled to find a store that carries a nice chunk of memorabilia and clothing.  Yes, last week when I was in there, a good 25% of the store was dedicated to the Coyotes White-Out theme but let's be honest, it was their first time to the Western Championships so I can fully understand.  Staff is nice and the store is well organized.  I love having an in-person option and not having to order everything online anymore.
3	We have been to this location to buy gear prior to the Fiesta Bowl.  Yes, things are way overpriced, but that is the premium one pays for licensed merchandise.  One nice thing is that they had a buy one, get one half off deal.  Was nice for our large crew.  Nice selection of NFL, NBA and MLB gear.  Friendly staff, good location.  If you feel the need to buy licensed sports gear when you are in the area, worth the trip.
2	Had an issue with a return, was told by the associate that if I got store credit, and then still did not find anything I wanted, that she would refund the store credit on to my debit card, there was no new shipment so when I spoke with the store manager Haley over the phone about the return I was promised, she kept trying to tell me it "wasn't a possibility" after beginning to explain the situation a second time she says "yes yes I know you explained several several times" then she kept trying to insist I go to another location that was inconvienently located further away to handle the situation, probably because she didn't want to help me, then when I show up there for the refund she Dosent even do me the courtesy of helping me herself, she pawns me off on to another associate while she scowls and gives me dirty looks the entire time. The only reason I put two stars instead of one is because Lacey who helped me was very opposite of Haley. Kind, patient, and NO issue or question, just took care of the customer. In my opinion maybe they should make HER the store manager, and maybe this place would have less of an issue next time. Will be looking for a different source of sports wear.
