1	Beware, don't call this place.  We drove home from vacation to a locked house and 3 tired kids in the car.  The lady on the phone quoted me a $49 fee and would not give me a ballpark # for the actual "unlocking" of my door.  She could have easily quoted me that their most basic service fee is $98, which she was happy to share when I called to discuss with her after the fact.  When the man arrived it took him literally 1 minute to open our door, about the most basic unlock you could imagine.  He charged us $49 for the service call and explained that the $55 pays for unlocking the door, $104 total.   When we called back to discuss with the receptionist, she said that the price is quoted on the answering machine before anyone picks up... not so.  The whole process was unclear, dishonest and unprofessional.  Should have checked yelp first, but when it's 113 and your kids are tired, the last thing you want to do is call a bunch of numbers.  They are the first one that popped up on google.  bummer!
1	There should be a rating for criminal activity, one star is too many.Make this the third victim of this outfit represented here.  My experience was identical to the earlier one described. The dispatcher quoted a price of $49, when I asked,  "What will this cost?"  The tech wrote it up and I signed the work order for $55. Then when the work was done he added the $65 dollar unlock fee.  This is obviously a well-oiled racket, the fine print on the invoice is worded to protect them--I don't want an estimate, etc.  I will be contacting the AZ Attorney General's Office and whoever else I can.  The travesty is that when you are near panic for being locked out, you don't do the due diligence and shop around.  I don't know if the technicians are in on it or if they are just contracted.  Dang, I hate getting screwed.
1	The same thing that happened to the last guy who wrote a review, happened to me.  They quoted me a $49 fee, charged me $55 just to show up and then another $65 to unlock the door!  Totally lame, I should have done my homework first like I normally do.
