4	I remember the first time i had White Rabbit, was when they had their truck at the foodie fest across from the Luxor. My friend and I had saw a bunch of recommendations of Yelp! Talk and had gone with what was recommended (Sisig Burrito) and had loved it ! Price was decent and the quality and size was great !They are currently (12/04/14) soft opened. One of the workers has mentioned that today is their 3rd day they've been opened. CURRENTLY (as of around 3pm), we were told they were ONLY accepting cash but are trying to get their network back up as soon as possible for credit card usage ! Their GRAND opening is set for December 13th. Current hours is 12-9 i believe but after they officially open, it will be 11-11, if not later. Pork Sisig - deep fried pork belly, chopped pan fried medley of onions & jalapenos - (actually i just noticed the jalepeno part - not spicy at all) Pork Tocino - sweetened cured pork, braised, wok fried to intensify its flavorsBurrito - any meat encased in a flour tortilla along with garlic fried rice, swiss cheese, and a fried eggSo in this visit, i got the usual pork sisig burrito combo so i opt'ed for a pork tocino taco + drink. $8.95. As noted above, burrito consists of garlic fried rice, which is freshly prepared, very flavorful and fragrant. THOUGH i do recall the truck being more buttery ! pork sisig was nice and flavorful but with some tough bits here and there (its fried.. what you expect lol)... i wonder if i can request to have more jalepenos to be added in it? i found myself adding tapatio into it to add some spice but it didnt seem like the right kind of flavor for it T_T pork tocino taco ... very small taco, maybe 3 bites (for me). the meat flavor reminded me between a chinese bbq pork in a bun + the dried shredded pork you put in congee. not a particular favorite but wanted to try anyway ! The combos, you have a choice of the entree + a side + drink. the sides consist of either 1 taco, rice (white or garlic +$0.50), fries (omg they give you a ton of fries but they put a mix of salt + sugar on top... awkward imo), fried egg (2 eggs), pork lumpia (qty 6 but currently not available until grand opening), and coleslaw (vinaigrette based) Its a nice change from the usual chipotle or what not. Good location ! cant wait for Fluff Ice to come join them ! :D
4	When I finally heard that White Rabbit had finally opened a restaurant in Las Vegas. I was a little happy. Tried their food before from the their truck at foodie fest. And I thought their food was really good. The restaurant is small but in a well located area. I finally came here by myself and personally the service was friendly,  but a little slow sadly on the food. Especially when their are like 3 to 4 cooks in the back which you could see. Prices for their food and combos aren't too bad. I've seen worse. I like this place it's pretty clean and the food is really good if you are into the Filipino fusion kind of thing. But the best choice of option to get if it's your first time is the pork sisig burrito. Mmhmm. It's one of the restaurants I wouldn't mind coming back too.
2	Went here the other day and here is my opinion on the place.Maybe because it was their soft opening, it was kinda all over the place but:The place is small but nice, easy to ready menu and lots of options(Soft opening so not all were available)The Sisig which I normally am a big fan of was hard. Not crispy like I've had before but HARD. not pleasant to eat but did have alot of flavor.Adobo was good but missing a little flavor to be honest. Had it in tacos form and on my bowl.We were charged extra for some reason. The garlic rice was .50  extra and that was fine but that didn't explain the extra $3 charge  and on our receipt as the order was cut off where it showed the items. Didn't want to wait in line to go back and argue since we had already waited 10 min.The kitchen staff and front were completely all over the place and no one was really focused on the customer. Waited in line for 10 min before even ordering. They were yelling at each other back and forth and the guy kept yelling at the cashier though she seemed as if she just started but instead of yelling, he could have explained it to her in a calm way...Received food and we were missing some tacos. They did quickly give them to us but it seemed everyone who went here had to go back since they were missing an item so CHECK YOUR ORDER!!I will try again as maybe they were having issues with it barely being open but so far unimpressed :/... Was super excited after having great food and service at their food truck.
5	Friendly staff. Food was delicious.  My kids loved the adobo!!!  Cozy seating. Thanks for having clean dining and highchairs.  The chamarado is delicious!
3	The reason for attending Las Vegas' Foodie Fest was mainly for "The White Rabbit" truck, so I was extremely excited when I heard they were opening one in Vegas!I usually get the Beef Steak Burrito, and of course I ordered it yesterday.  Something was different. I noticed they added cheese to this burrito when at the food truck they didnt.  Meat was a little tough, and it wasnt as packed at they usually make it at the  food truck.  My little nephew had the chicken adobo and rice... the chicken was dry, and again... I've had it at the truck and it was nothing compared to it.  What I did enjoy was their White Chocolate Champorado!  It was so good! I reminds me of a warm good humor strawberry shortcake popcycle. I would come back just for that!Maybe it was because they just opened that I wasnt as satisfied.  I hope to re-update my review at my next visit. Otherwise, I'll save White Rabbit for the foodie fest!
2	Came here to give it a try because we saw it on LV weekly. The inside is small with only about 5 tables.  The menu is categorized in a weird way. It just didn't really flow. The food we ordered was the beefsteak carne fries, pork sisig and pork tocino. The beefsteak fries was French fries with Swiss cheese topped with the beefsteak meat. The meat was super salty and the fries were drenched in salt. Every bite was basically a mouthful of salt. The pork sisig taco was just pork in a small taco tortilla. That's it. No toppings, no sauce, just meat and tortilla. It was also salty. The meat was not quite crispy it was more hard like sand when you chewed it. The last thing we ate was the pork tocino. It had a little bit of cole slaw on top. Not much flavor in slaw. The meat was salty but there was a hint of sweetness in the marinade. I feel like this food would be great as food truck options but as a cafe it was pretty basic and not too good. I can still taste all the salt in my mouth now as I am writing this review and I ate 45mins ago.
3	This review goes to my experience I had here at White Rabbit Las Vegas. I have had White Rabbit twice previously, & both times were from Foodie Fest. This location just opened within the past 3 weeks & have room for improvement. I love supporting small businesses & hope to see them live up to their food truck hype. Each menu item I ordered were all so dry. From the sisig tacos, to tocino rice bowl, & the white chocolate champorado. Theres a difference between having a nice crisp & having it too hard & dry. It seemed like they forgot to add water to the champorado as well. In addition, they're still working on training the employee(s), so don't except fast service. It took at least 15 mins for my food. Overall,everything was barely even mediocre. Good luck White Rabbit!
4	Satisfied my craving for tapsilog with the Beef Steak ( Bistek) Rice Bowl with side of Two Eggs. Comes with drink so good value. Did not disappoint.
5	Came here to grab a quick bite for lunch. I had the sisig burrito and my wife ate the adobo rice bowl. The only thing I can say is delicious!!!!!!  We finished up with the white chocolate champorado. It was absolutely amazing. I will definitely be back!!!!
3	So this place used to be Fresh Cup Cafe that was a pretty good boba place.. one of my favs to say the least and i guess White Rabbit has moved in and is serving up some filipino food.. i had the sisig and my wife had the chicken adobo and they were both rice bowls with garlic rice and i think they have to match their food portion and quality to the price i also ordered 2 white chocolate chomporados which were pretty good but nothing here was memorable that made my eyes roll back. The Sisig i think could use some work like if its pork belly youre serving it better be crispy pieces of skin crackling in my mouth which it wasnt and for adobo it was your typical chicken stir fried in soy and vinegar...all i could say is that there needs to be more  love in your product so i wont be coming back.
4	Great tasting fusion of Asian & Mexican food, you won't be disappointed. Make to order the White Chocolate Champorado... Its a great dessert & way to finish an incredible meal!
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Menu pictures are slightly confusing (ie. rice bowl shows fried eggs with it but they are not included unless ordered with a combo). Small space can't sit too many customers. Not all menu items were available yet.LIKE  White chocolate champorrado. The tacos that can come in 3 different kinds. LOVE  The Filipino fusion concept.
4	Had beefsteak and Tocino tacos.  Was pretty good.  Had a side of lumpia which was also good.  Will go again
2	Customer  service  was horrible my wife waited for 10 min. For someone to take her order. Then I waited for a refill for 15 min while one of workers walked  around the kitchen not doing anything. She looked straight  at me and didn't ask if I needed anything. Food is OK not the greatest. If customer  service is better I would recommend  it.
1	Overpriced food soaked in salt. Need I say more? Filipino dish is naturally salty but their food is overly salty. We ordered beef steak (bistek) and it was horrible. All I tasted was lemon and salt. Whatever happen to the beef? We also ordered pork tocino and again, it was horrible. It was chopped up into tiny pieces and overcooked. It seemed like I was eating "pork tocino chips." The lumpia was not fully cooked in the inside. Lastly, their picture menu is misleading. They had eggs with the tocino when in fact they don't come together. The eggs need to be ordered separately. Overall, I was not pleased with their food, their food presentation, and their misleading menu.
5	The food here is great!  I had the tacos (choice of three) Chicken Adobo, Pork Sisig and the beefsteak for $6.95.  All great tasting and complimented with a vinaigrette slaw; however my favorite was the Pork Sisig. Centrally located, food is delicious, therefore I will be back!!!
3	I first heard about White Rabbit when I went to their food truck in California and had it about 3-4 times after, and nearly enjoyed every single experience. When I found out they were making a white rabbit here in Vegas, I was pretty excited. Long story short, I was a bit disappointed with my experience here. I ordered the sisig burrito and white chocolate champorado, which is my usual order for the food trucks, with cole slaw on the side. The cole slaw was very eh. It basically was just sliced cabbage drenched in vinegar. Wasn't creamy at all, and I could only tolerate about 2 bites because the vinegar just overpowered everything. The sisig burrito was okay. The sisig seemed very dry and tasted more like old lechon. Didn't seem freshly made at all. White chocolate champorado however was the Saving grace of the meal. It was just like how I remembered it when I had it in California. I just wish they had fresh strawberries on top!The 3 stars I have to admit is very lenient for my experience, but since they just opened I hope that they become better.
4	I got really excited when I found out they opened a restaurant here. When I used to live in L.A this was my favorite food truck. The food was great, the place was very clean which is really good. I ordered the rice bowl combo with sisig and a side of lumpia and my gf got the sisig burrito combo with a side of tocino taco---all of them were really good, not to greasy. The only thing I kinda didn't like is that they're still stuck with the food truck serving size; other than that everything was great.
2	The sisig burrito was dry, crunchy, and not what I expected. My friend got the Tocino burrito which was also dry and not sweetened at all.
1	Ehh not worth my time or $$ I rather go to El gordo and get my tacos Idk about their rice dish but the meat on my tacos is the big thing here..  so I would say it ain't all that .. Won't come back again I'm sorry.This place takes forever to make my orders and I was not satisfied.
2	Hey have you heard have you heard that White Rabbit opened a brick and mortar location right here in Vegas? Where you say? Right off Jones between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn, the same plaza as 168 market.I've only had White Rabbit candy. Anything from this White Rabbit or the food truck prior to this? Nope, but I've heard a lot of great things about them. They do have a good fan base a lot of people like them. They may have been featured in some tv show or newspaper/magazine. Honestly I don't even know, just heard their a foodtruck and that people like them. I liked their customer service.A group from work went here after having heard they opened. I told the staff that we've never had them and wanted something they were known for or was fans raved about. The sisig was suggested without hesitation. So I was hoping it was gonna be amazing. No one in the group liked it.  It was pretty bad that I had to eat sisig somewhere else to satisfy my craving. It was pretty dry and didn't taste right at some parts, mushy at others. It remembered me of a overcooked mixture of canned corned beef and some other items. What I got, the rice bowl combo with drink was about $8-9 food truck size and price, wasn't filling. I probably wouldn't go back. But at least they have other items other than sisig and have a fan base.
3	Okay. Glad there are other reviews posted for White Rabbit Fusion Cafe already. I been holding off on posting a review for it since it, well it did not exactly wow the F out of me. And 3 stars is the best they can get out of me with their soft opening effort.But first let me just explain what White Rabbit Fusion Cafe is to those not familiar with this food truck from California turned brick and mortar LV restaurant.  It is Filipino comfort/street food proteins (Chicken Adobo, Pork Sisig, Pork Longanisa, etcetera.) packaged in traditional Mexican food delivery vessels (i.e., your tacos, burritos, quesadilla).The portion is just underwhelming for me, but I can pack a lot of food away, so I am biased.  But they have Tofu on the menu for vegetarians.  The concept of someone  ordering something vegetarian at a Filipino Fusion place is just so foreign to me.  But it is available.Pricing seems high to me for what you get.  The fact that it is in or near one of the busier plazas in the "Chinatown District" makes their pricing strategy suspect.  If it was something served from a food truck at FoodieFest,I can see the reasoning behind the carnival-like pricing, but not such a great incentive from a brick and mortar operation.  I know, it does not make sense, but I stand by my opinion.The cashier, even though this was her first job ever, was nice.  The order was prepared quickly and correctly, which is expected but still nice.  My Pork Sisig Burrito had a good ratio of pork sisig to rice ratio, but was on the dried side.  Portion seems to be designed for a growing 5 year old or someone on a weight loss plan.Still just a 3 star-ish experience overall for me. But I will chalk it up to their Pork Sisig not being as good as I had expect it to be, and give them another chance trying something else from their menu on a future visit.
5	White Rabbit has pretty good selection to choose from. The dining area is a little small but they utilize the space well as I didn't feel cramped. I decided to get the adobo burrito which turned out to be sweeter than expected but the garlic white rice was a great balance. The service was good and the food was served swiftly. I opted for dessert and the white chocolate  champorado was excellent, it came with strawberry topping so good. I will be recommending this to all of my friends and family as well as their friends and family. Give them a try!
5	I am a fan of the truck so we decided to try the brick and mortar joint. Being that my wife has Guam, Filipino and mexican heritage It was going to be interesting comparing some things to her family recipes. They converted an old Taco Bell into a cozy spot for some great asian fusion. We will not discuss the parking lot which is not within their control. As we entered we were greeted by staff and started to check out the menu. I ordered the Pork Sisig with Garlic rice the wife had the chicken adobo with same rice side. We also ordered the asada fries. The Pork sisig was pretty tasty. Fried pork set with garlic rice. The garlic rice has the right balance to offset some of the spice in the sisig. I recommend you get this with whatever dish you order beats plain white rice any day. The chicken adobo was rightly balanced with the vinegar note it needs. Have to say it was close to comparison to what the spousal uni'ts family makes. Adobo should give you that tingle in your mouth that starts the drooling when you get that first whiff this had that and therefore gets a plus to us. The asada fries were cheesy and piled high with a marinated beef. The beef had a teriyaki tang to it reminded me of something I had as a kid growing up. It is always good when food can take you back to a different time in your life, shows they are doing something right. So, we had to do the dessert round while here as well. White Chocolate Chomporado. This super sweet rice not pudding dish. I want to describe the flavor but you have to taste it to understand just how good this is.I cannot wait to go back and try some of the other dishes. The team and staff here are great. Has a family atmosphere. You can tell they take pride in their heritage and asian style. I recommend you all try it. You will not be sorry.I will post some pictures up soon.
5	Food was delicious and service was great! Friendly staff and good food. Loved the sisig and adobo plates. Before you leave you have to have the white chocolate champorado.
4	Good eats by great people!!
4	As awesome as their food "truck" i had at the las vegas foodie fest. There is not a lot of seating inside, but we went during their grand opening about 3 weeks ago and they did have a dj and outdoor seating with tents. Since its near chinatown, its a small building. But still nice wood tables and chairs. And limited parking- high traffic area, by 168 Market and across from Cafe Moda. They were very busy, long line, moves somewhat fast. It's fusion Filipino/mexican type food, with tacos, burritos, and bowls with foods like chicken adobo.. and did i mention the sisig burritos are so yummy!!!..yummy....yum! Cole slaw is good, but a little vinegary. Food is fresh, fresh, and gooooood!!!! Its somewhat "fast food " done food truck style, but still have good service. The person on register is always friendly, and they call your name when foods ready. They forgot our drinks and sides, but were still friendly and brought them over right away. While waiting in line, one of the promoters came around and handed out t-shirts. Very nice touch! Price is ok, its like 8 bucks for a 3 taco combo, with choice of 3 meats, 1 side, and a drink. Its a bit o'greasy, so not an everyday lunch meal...but if they park a "truck" outside my campus i'd def. change that last statement :)
2	I'm a fan of the White Rabbit food truck, after living in So Cal, and I was pretty stoked to have it here in Vegas.  However, I was unpleasantly surprised by their customer service at their grand opening a couple weeks ago.  It was my Mom's first time having their food, which was delicious -totally satisfies a tasty bite type of craving- but it felt like we were undermined when everyone around us, EVERYONE, was being catered to but us.  It seemed like they were either friends of owners and workers there, or familiar customers, so that's why they were given a lot of attention.  Someone did come up to us as we were finishing up, but he seemed so distracted, that I don't think he was even listening to whatever we were conversing about.  Trust me, my mom and I are not ones to be attention seekers, but it just made our dining experience awkward, especially when they started giving shirts away to everyone they knew, which was everyone in the restaurant but us.  At this rate, I'd stick to the food truck if that option still stood.
5	Such an amazing first impression! I rarely review restaurants but I had to on this place. For my order, I had a tocino/sisig ($1+) burrito with sisig taco and sweet potato fries. Seriously the BOMB DOT COM! I also got the white chocolate champorrado. And please PLEASE PLEASE don't forget to get the white chocolate champorrado! It's like my childhood times fifty! Also huge shout out to Kristin and Justin for making the overall experience amazing! I will definitely be back!
5	I've only ever had White Rabbit at FoodieFest but found out that they had opened a restaurant on Jones so I thought to stop by and grab some food.  I definitely liked their Beefsteak burrito but found it was too much food for me (though not a bad thing, I just personally can't finish it), so I decided to order tacos and some other things like lumpia and champorado (because, what Filipino would pass these up!?)The food is very tasty but what made the experience deserving of a 5-star rating was the exemplary service I received. The servers/cashiers Justin and Kristin were very informative and were very helpful in helping me make a selection with their recommendations. They were very nice and friendly and their cook for the evening, Arnold(?) was fast and efficient so I did not have to wait long to receive my order.  All in all, I did enjoy my food as well as my visit there and would happily recommend it to my family and friends!!
5	I met two friends at the White Rabbit for lunch last week. I found the staff super friendly and attentive, I really enjoyed my meal and the value provided is just super!!  I will be going back soon. Just beware parking during lunch is a challenge its a busy plaza otherwise it is a 5 +. I will try later in the afternoon or evening. It could also been due to the holiday shoppers also.
1	Did I get a "Bad Batch" or what? Got the Tocino bowl w/Garlic Rice & 2 Eggs. 3 Tacos; Bisteak, Sisig & Adobo. Unfortunately, the "Shredded" Tocino, Bisteak & Sisig were just way too salty! If these are "Franchise" recipes, then it's too bad. If not, please taste the food before sending it out & balance the flavors. Especially if people are going to pay $17+ for 2 small dishes. Friend & I couldn't even finish the food and the serving was not big. High sodium dishes... True Filipino Cuisine! Lol
3	I ordered the sisig combo with garlic rice & lumpia.The sisig is okay. It honestly seemed like it was just chicharon. It was very dry. It didn't have any actual meat in it. Garlic rice is okay as well. Can't really mess that up. Lumpia is again, just okay. Overall the food I ordered was average. I prefer the sisig from Pinoy Pinay or from Cafe Moda which is right across from them. Just trying to give my honest opinion.
