3	I love golf....I have been playing for a while now but Tiger Woods I definitely am not... and my handicap leaves something to be desired but I love playing the game nonetheless. I was recently invited to play in a small friendly competition and gladly accepted. So I figured that I needed to dust off and take inventory of all my golfing gear because I haven't played in a while and needed to be prepared....soon after, I realized that my putter was missing, my bag was ragged and needed some help,  and I was in desperate need of some new threads to show off on the course with as well. So I came here....I love Nike products and think they are of great quality but what I didn't realize is that I was going to need to give the blood of my future first born and sign my soul away just get a putter. Man....the prices were ridiculous!! So overpriced.....and to think I actually wanted to buy a new shirt and bag on top of the new putter that would have cost me more than next month's rent....crazy!! But needless to say the store was beautiful. Selection of all things golf is any golfers dream but I'd rather spend my money at Sports Chalet at a cheaper price for my golf supplies any day.
3	I love Nike products, etc.  But this place is very high priced.  It is a nice place to shop ... but not buying there.
3	For all things Nike this store is pretty nice. It's a bit pricey but the fact you can get club fitted here makes it nice. If you have chips in your pocket make a stop to get your Tiger on.
1	My review isn't so much about the store and what their selection is like its more about the service I received at the store, My husband and I are in town for a large Kia convention and I forgot to pack him some casual socks. So while he was at his event at the Mandalay Bay I went in to get him a pair of $7.50 socks. The cashier was helping a customer and I waited and waited as they decided what golf balls they wanted. The lady spent about $100 in products she paid with a visa and left. I went to pay for the socks a total of $8.11. I had to use my husbands card because I had lost mine well he asks me for ID I explained that it was my husbands card because I lost mine he wouldn't take it, I asked to charge it to my room he wouldn't do it either cause I wasn't on the reservation, finally I just paid with another card and left. Mind you we have the same last name i had the room key and the envelope for my room key, i left pretty upset because why wasn't the customer in front of me who spent a bit more than I did asked for ID and I was? Just because its a woman's name on the card doesn't mean it's hers! I am all for security and checking ID and I would've been totally fine if he would've just asked her for her ID. Customers should all be treated the same if you're going to ask one customer for ID you should ask them all!
1	Terrible service. First, I am staying at Mandalay Bay. In the room there is a booklet of offers.  One of them is for a free swing analysis and 20% off at NikeGolf.  The first time I went into the store with my wife the sales clerk was alone. I inquired about the golf analysis and wide shoes. He said he was alone in the store and couldn't go to the back room or do the golf Analysis and asked me to come back later. My wife stopped in later while she was shopping (visit 2) and found out they do have wide shoes. I was able to go back the next day (visit 3) and was told again that the sales clerk was alone and I could come back in 45 minutes. I returned again (visit 4). Finally, there were two people in the store and they could help me.  So now I've shown a lot of interest in shopping at this store and one of the clerks was there each time so knew the interest. So now I inquired about wide golf shoes and the swing analysis. I was then told they no longer do the free analysis and they didn't know why the advertisement was in the rooms. The clerk then said they did have some wide shoes, but was vary reluctant to help. She finally brought me one pair of wide shoes, and said there might have more in the back. While I was trying on the first pair of shoes I was expecting her to get more shoes to try on. Nope, she didn't. It became vary clear that they didn't have any interest in helping me find the right shoes. After I came in four times to talk to them you'd think they would bend over backwards because I would probably buy from them.
2	While vacationing, I wandered in and found a pair of golf shoes that I like. Not carrying my desired color, the employee offered to order them online and ship directly to me. They arrived a couple weeks later and didn't fit correctly. One of the shoes had a ridge that I could feel under the foot. They were clearly asymmetric in their fit. I called the store and was told by a different employee that I'd have to pay to ship them back to the store. Since they're not affiliated with Nike and are the only Nike Golf store in the country, I had no other options. So even though they were defective, I'd have to pay to remedy the situation. That's bull.
