3	When I crave this place, I really crave it bad--other times I can go without it for months.  Today, I am craving it, so I am going to write a review about Yasda Bento.  Like David S. said, there isn't a full service Japanese restaurant downtown so this is basically your only choice.  It's a decent choice, it will do.  I seem to be drawn to the Veggie and terriyaki chicken or salmon bowls with rice ot just veggies, depends on the mood.  I am happy with it.  It's not really mouthwatering or "sooooooooooooo good".  But it'll do for the work day for lunch.I am craving the salmon and rice bowl today.
4	Open 10:30 to 2:30, so lunch is your only option here.   I would bet this place is really busy during lunch time, because I was here at 10:45 and there was already steady traffic coming in.    Mmmm Japanese food.  I had the Kobe beef bowl, and spicy shrimp rolls.  The Kobe was better than I expected for 6 bucks, and I really liked the spicy shrimp rolls, kind of on the small side but fresh and just spicy enough.   The menu looks pretty good from the pictures on the wall so I'll go back and try a few more items when I get a chance and don't see a line out the door.
3	Looks like this place took a few menu items away. Now it's pretty standard terayaki chicken bowl place.  I had an egg roll with my lunch and they gave me a packet of sweet and sour sauce, blah.  Overall I like this place, but now it's just standard stuff. Not as exciting as it once was.
2	went here on a break from Jury Duty once. it was ok. nothing memorable. i was just reminded of this place because i ate at Thai Elephant the other night and its right next door.food, typical take out teriyaki, absolutly nothing special. nothing memorable, and will not miss this place much. holds nothing compared to Blue Fin, sorry Yasda Bento. needs improvement. maybe a signiture dish...because just spicy versions of the norm isn't going to cut it.
1	I went to Yasda Bento for the first time today and had a terrible experience. It was during the lunch hour, but they were not terribly busy. I ordered their advertised lunch special, a simple beef dish. It took over 20 minutes to arrive, even though there were only 2 orders ahead of mine. When the meal arrived, the amount of beef present in the dish was so scarce that I was surprised they actually called the dish "beef" anything. It was practically a garnishment. When I asked for more, the staff simply said, "that's how it's prepared." The meal itself was marginal at best. Also, their bathroom was an absolute mess. The combination of an overly long wait, a minimal amount of meat in a dish advertised as a "beef" dish, a dismissive staff, and a disgusting bathroom was more than enough to convince me never to frequent their establishment again.
3	Good quick lunch downtown.  I recently (July 08) served on a jury, and ate here everyday (4x).  I'm a sucker for rice bowl Japanese, what can I say?  Better then the typical Kyoto Bowl or Tokyo Express (the usual Phoenix rice bowl chains)  Interesting menu choices, mostly clean, and quick service.  I enjoyed the spicy teriyaki and the edamame.  Don't expect any ambiance, and I think it's only open for lunch, anyway.
4	I was all geared up to eat at the ELEPHANT of all Thai restaurants, but when I got there... it was too busy.  So the wife and I shuffled next door to this gem.I overheard this used to be "Yoshi's" which kind of makes sense.  Its the same Japanese style bowls, but oh-so-much better.First off, they have pictures of their dishes plastered all over their walls and doors.  They all look good but then I heard an angel and she steered my wicked eyes toward the holy grail of dishes... Bulgoki.  I was overwhelmed.  I grabbed my wife's shoulder to avoid dropping to my knees in praise to the Japanese Bowl gods.  Lucky for me my wife is young and strong or I would have taken her down with me.I, of course, order the Bulgoki and my wife orders the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken.  My wife grabs a table outside and I grab a pomegranite and jasmine iced tea and as many napkins as my miniature hands could carry (in preparation for the feast).  The wait was nil.  If it had been any shorter of a wait, time would be going backwards and I would have been dining with Socrates. Thankfully, I was still with my wife and I joined her at our table.  Her Chicken was too spicy for our liking, but we both liked the Bulgoki. DUH!Anyway, this place is rockin'To sum it up, the wait was great and the dish was delish.BTW Chris,  Its spelled with a G not a K! Like this "BULGOGI".
4	Often I complain that there's no place to eat downtown when I should realize that there's no place *new* to eat within walking distance of my office. However, I've been trying to establish a rotation of restaurants that will swap things up and help avoid stagnating dining experiences. This is where Yasda Bento comes in handy. They have a good selection of rice bowls (the spicy chicken is pretty gnarly!) and some premade "sushi" which I haven't gotten yet. [As a side note, their sushi sells for half price after 2 p.m. I go to lunch at 1:30 so haven't been tempted to get this deal.]I always seem to get "just full" off their meals. Any less and I'd be cranky by 5:30; any more and I wouldn't be able to finish it all and it would up residing in the office fridge for a week or a month.Overall, Yasda Bento is a good deal for a good meal.
3	The one thing I really liked about this place is that it was super cheap.  I ordered a bowl of teriyaki chicken, veggies and rice and it was under $5.  Unfortunately about halfway through my bowl I got kind of tired of their teriyaki sauce and started to realize how overcooked my veggies were.  So I managed to satisfy my hunger but I had no desire to finish the entire bowl.  I'd give a few other items a try, maybe the spicy teriyaki is a little better?
3	MENUDefinitely former Yoshi's-esque.  Japanese fast food at it's ... not finest but well, at it's normal.  I would echo that it's a bit above Yoshi's.  It's got the same bowl with a variety of options thing going on and it works.  Something for everyone and pictures if you don't know what the #$%& is going on.  There are a variety of options, including vegetarian that have ample fresh-looking vegetables.  The Udon is pretty decent, relatively authentic and full of noodles.  It's a little bland though, but they have plenty of doctoring spices which I very much appreciated.  I like to be creative.  I got it with the chicken and while that adds to the filling quotient, it's basically the same low-quality dark meat that is in the Yoshi's teriyaki bowls.  They do have the white meat option for other bowls though so they may accomodate you on the Udon.  Yakisoba is also tasty.  Rice is well-done and I always find myself eating more if it than I normally would.  I wouldn't say it was super-cheap as per other reviews (the udon was a little high in my opinion) but it's affordable.  CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITYThis place is dirty. When I was there, it smelled... off.  It wouldn't take much for them to make this a better experience by cleaning up the counters, polishing up the menu and generally putting some "shine" on stuff.  It's dingy and I prefer to eat outside.  I'm a neat freak about restaurant though so... take it for what it is.   SERVICEQuick, efficient, functional- counter style, not much more to say to that.  You can get in and out and get your lunch done in a half an hour.    ATMOSPHERESee above- pretty much yuck.Overall, quick, decent, but eat outside or take it to go.
3	I thought this place was ok to good. It is right outside of the building I work at, so it is definitely convenient for me. After a morning of moving, cleaning, and lifting the hearty teriyaki bowl with vegetables and a Diet Coke were quite good. I am looking forward to updates as I try more adventurous things on the menu.
3	Food is fresh, fast and inexpensive....very convenient to city hall which is where I work.  But right in the middle of eating, the worker took out a wet mop with PINE SOL and mopped the floor.  I almost had to leave the fumes were so strong but I notice many people covering their noses and some leaving....not the smartest thing I've seen in a restaurant in the middle of their busiest time of day.
3	I have worked in this area for several years now.  Amazingly, I had never stepped foot into this location (even when it was Yoshi's years ago) until a few weeks ago.  After that first time, I was back twice more the very next week.Yasda Bento is quick, easy, and inexpensive.  Walk up, order your food, pay, wait for your number and you're on your way.  The dish I am addicted to right now is the Hiyashi Noodle Salad - Cold noodle salad with lettuce, carrots, broccoli, cucumbers and chicken breast with light soy vinaigrette for $5!!  Perfect light lunch portion, cold noodles, a few veggies, and some (somewhat dry) chicken, but with the vinaigrette, all is fine. Very refreshing for a summer-time dish.My addiction all started, by the way, from a Yelp talk thread on good noodle places.  While I would not add Yasda to that list, the conversation had me craving noodles and there are limited choices within walking distance of my building.  Yasda is a good place for a quick, cheap lunch with lots of (typical Asian) options for veggies and meat-heads alike!
3	How could it be? I have yet to review Yasda? Next to Baja Fresh this is another one of my relatively regular lunch fall back spots. Typical of most of it's neighbors they get hit by the lunch rush but handle it well. I love the pictures on the wall as you wait in line to order enticing you every step of the way. Their small bowls are plenty of food for the average (I usually have left overs) but they offer a large bowl for those more hearty appetites. Their food is good, always spicy and flavorful. Nothing stellar, very Yoshi's-like. Their steamed veggies are some of my favorite. Always make sure to stop at the little condiment table on the far right to get your soy, chili sauce and scallions to add the extra flavor to your meal. Prepared fresh and quickly I can rely on Yadsa for a quick quality lunch without breaking the bank.
2	Ok ... Good tasting meatballs, average salad ... nice to have 5 veggie mix in the rice along with some scrambled eggs but way too much black pepper IMO ... was it worth 10 bucks for a special with a cup of hot tea? ... a bit high
2	Eh -- no. I stopped here for quick take-out one day while at work. They had no sushi at all (even though it's on the menu), and the menu itself isn't laid out very well for understanding what they have/what's included.  I wasn't there to eat onsite, but good thing -- very little inside seating.  The food wasn't all that good, and if the customer says "to go", then you should put utensils and napkins in the bag for me. The place didn't seem very clean either. Just not a good experience. Go somewhere else.
3	I come here often and get one dish, so my review is a bit limited.  Udon Chicken Noodle soup. I love it.  Now here is an example of how I am easy to please, I think...cause a coworker told me about Udon soup they had in California, and it made what I eat here sound like high school culinary class food.  But, I still like Yasda's.  The broth, the chicken, and the noodles are all very very tasty to me.  There is a little fried tempura piece of...uhm...something on top, which I personally like how it gets all soggy for me to eat with the soup.  And they give you a side of white rice to soak everything up if you'd like - and its a nice amount of rice.Nothing special.  At all.  But it does me good on the colder days at lunch.  And I like the service.  First time I came here, I didn't have cash for a drink.  The lady slid me a cup on the sly:)  There's two of them that usually work the counter and they are always very friendly.Now, I will admit the layout inside is jacked up.  When it gets busy, the line wraps around a chunk of tables smack dab in the middle.  So you got people trying to eat while folks are hovering over them, talking and letting drops of saliva fly out....ok, i'll stop.  Then there's a bunch of tables on the right side of the place too close together.  I like to sit at the table against the window to people watch, and deal with the least of the crowdiness.  The drink and condiment stations are too close together and its a dance-off trying to get your chili garlic while someone else is trying to get a coke. Also, their sushi options are so limited that they shouldn't even have it on the menu.But...I dunno, I really like the place.  Its where I go when I can't decide, and when I'm having a downer of a day.  I'm going to try other dishes...eventually...maybe...probably not:)
4	I thought the food was yummy and the service was average. I will be going back for more! I also thought "melissa g's" comment below was incredibly racist and unhelpful. Shame on her.
2	The food was "good" and "flavorful" (msg). The place smelled like B.O. The sushi was grocery store quality and cold. They could do with a surprise visit from the health inspector. If everything cost two dollars less, complaints could be overlooked.
4	Very dependable food and quick service.  I really like the salmon bowl  and the kobe beef bowl.
4	Gets very busy at lunch. Not bad food and price but definitely not Korean, except for Bulgolgi bowl. Get take out, you can eat if you have a seat and dine in is mainly served in take out containers without lids anyway.
1	I'm glad I had to wait until I got home to approve my review because it gave me time to stew in the upset stomach I was dealing with the rest of work. The actual meat tasted decent, what little of it there was, but what came with the special was just awful. A bunch of rice with no seasoning and a tasteless salad. And the place smells like sewage.... I checked the health inspector reports and apparently it's doing fine though...
4	This is my Friday lunch treat place downtown.  Consistently reliably tasty food.  And great staff.  I happened to lose my wallet there today and the manage tried to track me down to get it back to me.  Great lunch venue and menu.
3	Today I tried Yasda Bento for my first time, even though I have been working downtown for over 2 years.  I enjoyed the selections and prices on the menu so I finally decided to try it. I was advised it would be best to call my order in ahead of time since it was about prime lunch time for downtown. (around 12:15pm)  I opted for the Curry Chicken which is a favorite of mine at many other restaurants so I thought I would try theirs.It is definitely a different version of curry chicken than I have been used to. I consider it more of a "Curry stew".  I also wasn't too keen on the charbroiled chicken (which I didn't notice in the description when I ordered so that was my fault).  The charbroiled flavor gave it a much different taste to the curry and vegetables than I would've liked which is why it had more of a stew feel. The dish was good but if you're expecting a typical light curry sauce, you won't get it with this dish.I do plan on going back though and trying other items. It's close if you work downtown and I do recommend calling your order ahead of time if it's during peak lunch hours to avoid waiting.
4	Pretty good place to go for lunch. Cane with a friend; she ordered the teriyaki chicken and I ordered the special of the day, which was tepenyaki udon with chicken, veggies, and gyoza. Food was very good, a little too much sauce, but over all delicious! Lunchtime rush is no joke though, so food took a bit to come out to us but we didnt have anywhere we needed to be so we didnt mind. Definitely, will be coming back!
4	The bowls are great, but the specials aren't that good. If you want a good teriyaki chicken with vegis white or brown rice then it's pretty good place. They've gotten a little cheap on the cups and plates lately, hope they change back.Still nice people and quick service.
4	This place was overall amazing! I dream about their Yakisoba & SUPER CHEAP gyoza. I have been anticipating trying this place out & finally caught them open with my sister.-1  because theyre not open more days & longer hours & no bento boxes (which was a bit decieving)The spot is small but the service was on point fast & easy. You feel like your in another world or a busier city but its cute & comforting. It gives Downtown Phoenix character, which it needs more of. More life. Great Japanese lunch joint
3	Tried it for the first time today. The meal was delivered very fast and hot. I had the Kobe Beef and it was yummy.  I will be ordering again since they are so fast and convenient.
5	Great service, very polite and courteous. Food was good, hardly a wait at all.  Fun place.
4	Definitely one of the best "go to" places for lunch in Downtown Phoenix. As a salmon lover, I have to split up the salmon offerings around downtown, and Yasda Bento is one of my favorites when I'm looking for something quick, reasonably priced, relatively healthy, and tastes great. Their Salmon Teriyaki Bowl is it. Broccoli is always fresh, love the option of brown rice, regular or large bowl. It just works for me and apparently many others. The manager is all about great service; which is efficient and quick. It's a small place and gets crowded very quick, AND they've been known to run out of MY favorite if I arrive too close to closing. Just sayin...
