4	I found this little Takeout spot off of East Blvd inside Creative Loafing.I love the spiciness  and the flavors of Thai cuisine and Chef owner Tony Kwok's dishes are spot on.
4	My bf and I are both fans of Thai Thai.  Our food is always prepared super fast and it's still hot by the time we get it home.  My bf always gets the special Volcano Chicken.  Two huge pieces of breaded chicken cut into strips with white rice and steamed veggies....it comes with a huge container of what I guess is "volcano" sauce and this stuff is spicy!  If you like super spicy Thai, this one is for you.  Warning: after consuming the whole meal, Kevin usually gets "the itis" and remains worthless for the rest of the night.  I had Pad Thai with tofu and it was alright.  Not the best PT I have ever had but definitely the best I have found in Charlotte.  Tasty crispy spring rolls too and really good Thai iced tea.
4	I'll get take-out from Thai Thai a couple of times a month.  The portions are generous and the prices are reasonable.I usually get the Pad See Ew (broad noodles with broccoli and chicken) which is always delicious.I've never found them to be especially fast in preparing the food but they're usually pretty accurate when they quote you a time.  So, if you're calling on a weekend and they say 30 minutes, don't get there too early or you'll wind up waiting.
5	By far one of the best Thai restaurants in Charlotte!  The portions are amazing for the price you're paying and the food HAS FLAVOR! I highly recommend this place for everyone and especially to vegetarians, since I'm one.  I always tell them to take out the fish sauce and they are more than happy to do it.  Very friendly staff and amazing food!  I definitely recommend the following items: Pud See EW- Just purely delicious. Pud Thai Gaeng Dang - Red Curry.  Very uniquely made.  I haven't had this good red curry anywhere. Gaeng Massamun - really well made massamun curry.  And finally, great portions and amazing, flavorful, food!
3	You Want 5 Spicy? Telling someone how spicy you want your food varies. Sometimes you want wings or maybe salsa. These things are easy to say hot or mild and knowing exactly what you will get, but going to a Thai restaurant and not knowing how spicy they can make it may be hazardous to your health.Waiting for my girlfriend getting takeout from Outback Steak House I noticed a place called Thai Thai Takeout right behind it. I instantly was craving something spicy. I walked in to this takeout restaurant looking around and seeing nothing, but a cash register and a kitchen behind it. No cheap statues or posters hanging on the wall that are supposed to give you the hint you're in another world.Upon ordering the pepper chicken I was asked that question that I love to hear. "How spicy do you want it?" I wanted as spicy as it could be so I calmly said, "On a scale 1 to 5, 5 being the spiciest, I want 5 spicy." She repeated what I said with excitement, "You want five spicy?"After getting home to my TV set, I popped open the Togo container and started flushing this soupy food into my mouth. After about 3 bites I felt a concentrated tenderness in my throat. Realizing right then I had forgotten how spicy I ordered it.After two glasses of milk and some bread the food got tossed in the trash and my ego shuttered below normal. When I thought I had a mouth that could take the heat, 5 spicy came along. Spicy or not the food was nothing more than the standard satisfactory.
3	Fast and plentiful...One night I was craving Thai food, but didn't want to stay in a restaurant or make it. I wanted to eat on my couch, in front of my tv, with my pjs on. Thai Thai Takeout made that happen for me!I walked in and ordered Pad Thai with a side of rice and within 10-15 minutes it was boxed up and I was out the door. The quality of the food was decent and the portion size was huge! I was able to share it with my husband and there were leftovers. It's takeout only since the interior only has 3 chairs and no room to eat. Next time you want Thai to go, stop by this place.
5	Great take out and huge portions.  The prices are great and a great deal.  They serve pretty authentic Thai food so be prepared for the taste of chili and fish sauce.  The lady who runs the place is kind and the chef is magic in the kitchen.  The fresh rolls are great and the Pad Thai is enough for 3 people.  This place is great.  It's take out only so when you don't have time to cook it's a great meal prepared with love and spice.
2	Odds are you're reading this because you're looking for some takeout food. Whether you're tired or just lazy, my guess is you're super hungry and don't want to waste time reading reviews. Here you go.The food here looks good and smells good, but tastes bland.We ordered panang curry and cashew stir fry, both with chicken. Both came with steamed jasmine rice, and we threw in some Thai iced teas to drink. When we opened up the bag, everything looked and smelled delicious. It wasn't.Never in a million years would I expect Thai food to be bland. Maybe we didn't order it spicy enough, or maybe the food here just isn't that good. It's not bad, mind you, but it's not anywhere close to delicious. The chicken was kind of dry, the sauces way too mild and the veggies tasted like they came from a buffet line.If I were you, I'd try to find some place else or just order a pizza. I really wanted to like this place; it's a shame I didn't.
4	I like it mainly for the portion size.  I only get the Chicken Pad Thai and you could easily feed 2-3 people with it.   The food is ok but not bad.  The staff is very nice and the prices are good too.  I totally recommend this over Noodle and Company or some other chain.
4	Sometimes you just crave take-out.  Something hot and comforting while you sit in your pjs late at night.  Sometimes spicy, sometimes not.  I consider chinese/thai/indian takeout to be in it's own category of food options, similar to the way I consider grocery store sushi to be in it's own category compared to real restaurant sushi and the way frozen pizza is compared to freshly tossed pizza.  Sometimes you want the former, sometimes the latter.  Thai Thai fits the bill of the latter perfectly.  I've been a handful of times and have tried several vegetarian options of both noodles and rice.  I usually go with "medium spicy" as I find plain old "spicy" to be a little bland at times.  The price and portion sizes are great for sharing or having leftovers later.
1	How have I not reviewed Thai Thai yet? The last few times I went have left such a bad taste in my mouth (literally) that I can't let go of each bad experience I had. Just to start off with--I really wanted to like Thai Thai, truly, I did. I heard they had won awards like "Best Takeout in CLT" plus who doesn't love the idea of a take out only place?So when I moved to Dilworth, I was stoked to have it nearby. I could call in my order, be there within 10 minutes and be on my merry way with a container full of noodles. That was the idea in my head at least. Like any Thai place I try, I judge them based off of their Pad Thai which is really difficult to mess up. The first time I went there, it was meh. There was absolutely no flavor to it, the veggies were funky and the tofu didn't seem like it was cooked enough. So maybe it was a bad batch, very possible. I gave it a second chance and ordered it with some extra spice that time around and it was not spicy whatsoever. Wtf? When I say I want spicy, I want my mouth to tingle a bit and maybe even sweat. I did try it the day after  and it was actually better than it was fresh and was enjoyable after adding a few tablespoons of the rooster. So now, each time I drive or walk past Thai Thai, a little piece of my heart breaks. I really wanted it to be my good-to takeout spot but I just don't see it ever happening.
5	The Best Thai Food I've had around here...fast, friendly. It will be spicy if you ask for it that way. I really like spicy food and 4 stars **** is perfect for me...I'll try 5 ***** eventually.
3	I really want to give this place 5 stars for the food, but the wait was a bit ridiculous.  For a place that is a pure "take-out" place, the service is slow.  Could have just been the day, but my friends that live on East actually build in an extra 10mins before going over there to pick up their order.Now enduring the wait gives you some pretty great tasting thai food.  There is plenty of it too.  A lot of times I find myself wanting more rice since the sauce tends to overpower... but they give you a bunch and I pretty much inhaled it all.  Really the serving is good for 2 meals, but I was really hungry after the wait and not eating anything but a salad all day.We placed an order at 7:15... and we were out of the place by 8:05.  Granted the poor lady seemed to be working the kitchen and the front at the same time - they could have been understaffed that night....  Combine that with the rainy weather and lots of people wanting thai food = long wait.Oh well -  I will try you again someday Thai Thai... maybe on a day where I am not rushing to do anything.
3	I usually get the same few dishes on a first order at a place new to me, but that was thrown out the window on this trip. So, I don't know how their pad thai and see ew compare to any of its neighbors, but the dishes we did order from Thai Thai were pretty good. (and the portions were huge)The Chili Duck we ordered with a 3 star (out of 5), and it had pretty good flavor. Some of the duck pieces were overly fatty but I was happy with the spice level and the flavors.The pud kee mao - basil noodle - (with pork) we ordered at a 4 star. Very happy with it. Awesome spice level, nice flavor, everything cooked well. I was a little surprised that the "very spicy" 4 star never triggered the waterworks. It made me slow down once or twice, but not as intense as I was expecting. (I have a feeling the jump from 4 to 5 is pretty intense, though.) Enjoyable, especially in the company of others, as I wasn't really looking to be crying in my corner of the couch the whole meal. Also, we called around 830 on a Sunday night and they said it would be 30 minutes (and it ended up taking a little bit longer) Really? Didn't seem to be any other orders being made, but oh well, good thing we weren't starving.Overall, I think I'm more partial to other thai places in the area, but thai thai will definitely be on my list of options.
4	Have been here twice now and love it! I've had the Seafood Clay Pot twice - delicious. Friendly service to boot.
5	Best Thai restaurant in Charlotte. Huge portions for a great price.  All of their noodle dishes are excellent!
4	Wow, this really is some good Thai food. Not 5 stars because, like others, I agree that the wait time is a bit silly (if it's going to take 40 minutes, don't say it will take 20). That said, Thai Thai has HUGE portions at lower prices than Thai Taste and Deejai. I didn't believe the reviews (my boyfriend and I can house good food, and never have leftovers from Thai when we order), but my fridge is full of leftovers - we barely made a dent.Red Curry (#25) - delicious; the shrimp was de-tailed and fresh; less thick (?) than other curries from competitors, but it seemed more authentic to me. Generous serving of veggies in there, too.Pad Thai - also great; this dish reminded me of the good Thai you can get on the West coast.Seriously, this is the place to go if you want Thai take out. Super value for the price and portion size. We will definitely be back.
5	Best thai food I've had in the entire country.  Seriously.The Peanut Sauce could be my favorite meal of any cuisine type!  Very friendly staff.  Huge portions, great prices - I couldn't say enough great things about this place.
2	Good news: the food was ready when we got there.  ... And that is the only good news we can share :-/Perhaps we had too high expectations? Food was over cooked - did we not get there fast enough and it sat too long?Spring rolls were filled with lettuce and bean sprouts, no flavor.Pork was way over cooked. Vegetables were mushy. Spices were fare to party cloudy..... Even the tofu was tough.  So wanted this to be good, as it is walking distance from our Dilworth home..... Oh well!
3	The food is on point from this place.  We got the standards - pad thai, lad na, pad see ew - everything was hot, fresh tasting and the spicy stuff was spicy.  But the wait is kind of absurd.Can't decide whether it is better or equal to Thai taste, but as far as food quality goes this place is in my top two for Thai.
5	Just ate here for the first time.  Awesome.  Blows any other Thai place around here away.  I just wish they were open for lunch.  There was actually spice and flavor in both dishes we got (Pad Thai and Pepper Garlic), which is something a lot of places just don't get.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Amazing Thai food!!! The best in Charlotte! Give them some time, they are always busy.
4	Being in the restaurant business myself, I don't believe in reviewing a restaurant after just one visit. Behind the scenes, a lot can happen on any particular day; and only if things seem to fall apart on a consistent basis should a restaurant really take a "review hit" for slow food, poor service, etc. But only after a number of visits can someone be able to review the most important and hardly ever discussed factor behind the over quality of a restaurant: CONSISTENCY.  I have dined with Thai Thai 20- plus times. They get 4 stars for being (overall) hot food, tasty food ( step up your spice number would you- it's Thai food), friendly, mistake free, and price point. Does the food take some time to be prepared because its fresh and other patrons share your craving? Yes. Just try to see a wait at an establishment as a good thing and take responsibility for your own timing and desire to eat. Eat up Charlotte, it's an incredible life.
4	Best Thai I've had in Charlotte thus far. Pad See Ew was excellent - just the right amount of sweetness and the texture of the noodles was brilliant. Also, tried some chicken Larb and was very, very impressed. Definitely on par with my favorite Thai restaurant in the US (Ruen Pair in the Thai Town district of Los Angeles).Having said that, I'd really like it if they'd expand their menu to include more authentic Thai dishes. I would LOVE to be able to order pork leg over rice or glass noodle soup. But that's light criticism for an otherwise excellent Thai restaurant.
4	Having just moved to the neighborhood, we were in need for some good Thai food to enjoy amongst our newly inhabited home. What's the story? Fire up the Yelp app and find what's close to the homestead. Enter: Thai Thai Takeout. Do yourself a favor and do a thorough read-through of all of the reviews and tips before placing your order. Great Thai with several "asterisks" included. Here's my take: Was a little confused by calling in our order. They open at 5pm and I called at 5:01pm and the phone kept going to voicemail. Then, I finally entered into a phone battle with the rest of humanity who wanted Thai Thai at the same time as we did. Busy signals galore....Finally got through and placed our order with.....ease? Had to go through our order a few times but felt confident they got it down. She quoted 20 minutes. No problem, right? WRONG. Ran a few errands and then entered the waiting room of death. Quoted 20 minutes. Showed up 30 minutes after I placed our order, walk in....you guessed it. Food isn't ready. In fact, no one even came out front to say "Hello! It'll just be a minute!" There were 5 other folks in the same boat as us. Sad day for all of us Thai-loving folks. After waiting another 15-20 minutes or so in the land of Thai Thai employee desolation, a woman came up to the front and rung us up! Happy day! It was hilarious watching her pick up the phone and hang up on other folks calling in. Goes to show how busy this place really gets. Sounded like there were only two people working behind in the kitchen, too. So, despite the miscommunications, long....LONG wait, more waiting, and....waiting, and being misquoted on pick-up time, the food was nothing short of awesome. I ordered the Pud See Ew with shrimp. Smoky, thick noodles with a hefty portion of broccoli throughout, sriracha, and a few other veggies. It was magic. Just what was needed for a rainy day, post move in. My wife had the veggie pineapple curry. Holy cow, I wish this came in sports drink form. I'd drink from a squirt bottle! It was delicious. Creamy, mild, packed with veg. Teamed up with a nice bowl of white rice. Food was the jam and we ate it all! So, the lessons are: 1- Don't believe a word of how long they say it will take.2- Be prepared to wait even longer3- Don't expect amazing service4- Your food will be worth the anguishMoral of the story: Thai Thai is wonderful.
3	After recently trying some other Thai restaurants, I thought it was ok. The wait is crazy, and the food was good, but I've had better.
5	To give you a little background, I LOATHE carryout.  If I'm going to put on pants and leave the house, I want to be taken care of, not turn right around and drive home to eat and then have to clean up after myself.  Don't get the enjoyment of carryout.  Husband loves it.  HATE it.That said, Thai Thai is the only Thai restaurant from which I'll eat in Charlotte.  They used to have a brick and mortar in what became a sketchy section of town (which is when I started with them), so they moved to this location and are now only carryout.Their food is heaven.  We have a standard order:  lots of fresh spring rolls (vegetarian and full of noodles and vegetables and mint leaves with a peanutty dipping sauce that makes me have bad thoughts), tofu tod (deep fried tofu for the hubby with an even peanuttier dipping sauce), pad thai (no onions, no tofu, extra broccoli for me and no eggs for the hubby).  MmmmmmWhen you call, you will be talking to Pim, who is a treasure.  I'm sure her husband, the cook, is also lovely, but I don't interact with him.  Pim will remember you and the vagaries of your order (see above) and is always super perky without being annoying.  Some other reviews mention that she has sometimes been a little optimistic about wait times, but I've recently heard her tell people on the phone "be over an hour", so she's getting more realistic.  If you'd like a Thai place in Charlotte that can get you food quickly, I can recommend several, but there's a reason Thai Thai has the wait it does.  THE FOOD.LOVE THEM.  Sorry.  I'll quit yelling.  You gotta go.  If only they'd get tables...sigh...
4	I've tried a few places in Charlotte for Thai food to find the "one."  When my sister and I came across this one we had try it and see what it was all about.  I definitely agree about the wait, we were told 30 mins and it took close to 40-45 mins.  Need less to say, the food was good.  I was impressed they would take out the fish & oyster sauce from their noodles for vegetarians, that was a plus for me. One thing I will point out is the abundance of veggies you will get in your dish.  If you don't want an entire garden you might want to ask which veggies come in the dish.  I enjoyed the chili basil stir fry, but I could have done without the 101 veggies in it. I will recommend this place to others, but be mindful of the time.
3	The food is worth the wait. Which is, by all accounts, ridiculously long.Call at 5:00. Place your order. Go pick it up at 6:00 and it should be ready. The whole "20 minutes" can't be taken seriously.I always order a darn good, evenly spiced vegetable curry that fills up a 4-cup deli container. It comes with rice, which i never end up eating because the veggies fill me up so fast.So adjust your expectations...swing by Bulldog Beer and Wine for a pint or two before you go pick up your dinner and relax. It's definitely a go-to takeout spot for us...just not a quick one.
4	I love Thai Thai Takeout.  The only reason I am reserving one star is because I always have a hard time getting a hold of the store to place my order.  It is a husband and wife team, and the wife answers all of the calls from a cordless phone she has clipped to her shirt.  There have been several times that I have called to order food, and had to call 3-4 times waiting for someone to pick up.  Once I get there, I usually have to wait an additional 10 minutes from the time they told me.  However, I love the food.  It is my go-to when I have had a rough day and need comfort food.  The portions are huge.  The panang curry will last at least 3 meals.So, if you are not worried about the 20 minute 'window' being 35+ minutes, it is totally worth the wait.
5	Thai Thai Takeout is absolutely the best Thai food in Charlotte! I've never been to Thailand and certainly cannot claim myself a connoisseur in Thai cuisine, but I do consider myself somewhat a foodie. Thai Thai Takeout's pad thai is packed with awesomeness. I don't know exactly how they make it, but I can certainly taste quality fish sauce and tamarind in their pad thai. If you're used to the sweet "American-Style" pad thai that's service in most thai places, Thai Thai will be very foreign to you. The minimum wait time is usually 25 minutes. Call ahead is the best option. I drive from Concord to pick up takeout from Thai Thai in Dilworth. So, I usually place my order just before I leave home. On busy takeout nigths like Sunday, 1 hour wait time is normal.
4	I love this place. It is strictly take out and I suggest phoning in your order because they make everything as the order comes in so it takes time. Sometimes 20-40 minutes. But it is well worth it.I usually get the Pud Thai or Pud See Ew but occasionally branch out. Everything I have had is delicious. The portion sizes are huge so I usually have enough for a snack or full lunch the next day and I usually have a pretty big appetite.
3	So, I wanted to give Thai Thai another try b/c so many others give it higher ratings. Unfortunately I am going to stick with a 3. I am a typical Pad Thai person, but decided to try the Pud See Ew with chicken & shrimp. The portion is anonymous, but just okay. I ordered mild, but maybe I should up the spice, since it is pretty bland. However, I did enjoy the crispy shrimp rolls.
2	The food is bland at best. Never been inside the actual restaurant. My fiance and I have order takeout twice, one time for Thai and the other for Indian. The food was so bland we had to use our own spices to make it palatable. The service was awful. When he went to pick up our orders he sat for 20 minutes and after being ignored for so long he called them from the counter and asked if he could have our order. We gave them two chances and weren't impressed.
5	I absolutely adore this place. The food is always incredible. There is nothing like their hot, spicy soups on a cold night. The owner is a complete sweetheart and the service is always excellent. You can't go wrong with this place!
1	This is written 'to the proprietors' instead of as a review, since they don't seem to have any way to contact them.Thanks a lot for making my wife wait 45 minutes to pick up our food and then when she arrived, telling her the kitchen "skipped our order".  No apology, no token gesture, just 'oops'.  That's great.  I have spent years telling people yours is the best Thai in town.  No more.  It probably still is the best, but I won't be eating it after that.
1	Food is 5 STARS!!! Problem is you can't get through on the phone to place an order. The sweet lady that runs the shop is just too busy to try to do everything (work the register, put together orders, etc.) that she can't make it to the phone. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE hire someone to take orders. This is a take-out only business, it only works if someone answers the phone. I absolutely love your food and rave about it to all my friends and family, but this is a problem!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. They give you a ton of food for an incredibly reasonable price and the lady who works there is so sweet and friendly. Their preparation can be a bit on the slow side so if she says "20 minutes" give it a solid 25-30. Totally worth the wait. Really good.
4	The food, the food, the food! After reading just a few of Thai Thai's other reviews, I realize I'm beating a dead horse but the wait for their glorious food is STUPID long. But it's sooo good! So, I recommend if your order's not ready when you get there, pop up to Brixx and have a drink! My go to order is an order (or 2) of spring rolls and the chicken in garlic black bean sauce.
1	I live right across the street from Thai Thai. After a year of driving/walking by and thinking "I need to try that place" I decided, this evening, to give it a shot. However, after calling 5 TIMES with no answer, I gave up. I don't understand how a place can stay in business if nobody answers the phone to take your order. After all, it is takeout ONLY.  I am very disappointed.
4	Stopped by this place one late night since I saw it driving back to my hotel in downtown charlotte. Was shocked that tigers was anything open and thought I would give it a try since I was in the mood for Asian food and I doubt I would find anything open at that hour. The hours on the store say 10pm, but I walked in a little after 10:15 and they served me. I'm sure it was also because there were people in there as well waiting for their food and I caught them at the right time. I've never seen a Thai place that was solely take out and thought it was a good place to get food quick if I lived here. I ordered pad se eew which was pretty good. Since they had a seafood option I got the seafood combination and not the typical chicken or pork I would normally get. I thought the dish was pretty good. I'm assuming that if it were normal hours it would have been a little better but i can't complain. Not the best that I have had but it wouldn't stop me from coming back and trying other dishes. I as well tried the steamed shrimp dumplings. I should have got them fried but  of course I was trying to be "healthy" which I seem to regret a lot of the time. The dumplings as well looked like they were mixed in with ground chicken or some meat because it was not all shrimp. The sauces that came with it were pretty good and I think that if it was not as late as it was I would have tried other appetizers. The thai iced tea was as well pretty tasty and I wish I would have gotten more. Overall I think that this was a good find and if I get a chance I would love to try many more dishes. The employees there were all Thai so I trust that it is all authentic. Of course being Thai myself and growing up eating all these foods I have a higher bar than most people who have only had Thai food at different locations.
4	If ever there were accurate reviews for an establishment, it would be for Thai Thai Takeout. Just as other reviewers stated, I had to call 5 times before they actually picked up the phone and took my order. I went with the # 27, Gaeng Massamun with beef, 4 spice. I was told 20 minutes but was trusting the reviewers that said give it an extra 10 minutes. I took my time and swung by Bulldog for a brew. Arriving exactly 30 minutes later and she was just putting my food into the bag. So far so good. Once I was home, pulled the food from the bag and again was impressed by the other reviewers accuracy, the portions were huge. Not only was the meal tasty but I had plenty of leftovers for dinner the next night. I think I might have found my go to takeout when I have the time.
5	THE BEST thai food I have had so far in Charlotte! Our favorite is the red and green curry. It serves 2 people for sure and we sometimes have a bit left over.I've recommended this place to so many people....just thought it's high time I post a review and let everyone know!!Note: on busy days (weekends) the wait time could go up to 40 mins (although the standard response when placing the order on the phone is always 20 mins :))
4	I called in for take out around 5pm on a Sunday and was a bit worried when she said it would be an hour before I could pick it up. But it was worth the wait, this is the best takeout Thai I have gotten yet!For 14 bucks I was able to get a quart of red curry chicken and a large portion of steamed rice. You can't beat that size/price for take out Thai that I've seen. It was absolutely delicious. The staff was friendly and even gave a paper plate and a STURDY fork for easy clean up after eating (anyone who has ever snapped a fork grubbing knows a sturdy fork is key).You're welcome.
4	Delicious, generous portions, great prices, but will test the extent of your patience.  Order way ahead of time before picking up.
4	This place is interesting. It's strictly a take out spot and they open from 5-10pm. Definitely not your average Thai food joint. Overall the food is great and my personal favorite is the Mango Sticky Rice. They actually give you a bigger portion of sticky rice here than anywhere else I've been. cleanliness is key here. Seeing as to how they don't actually have tables here so you can eat, I'd be surprised if it was dirty. The lady is pretty friendly and straight to the point. It looked like if it was just her and another employee so probably family. Overall its small, quaint, cheap and fantastic! definitely recommend this for them nights that you want to stay home and watch a movie!
5	Best Thai in Charlotte, hands down! I'm a pretty heavy traveler and have tried Thai food all over the planet and this place has it figured out. In fact there are some spices they're using here that are not common in most Thai restaurants. The signature Pad Thai is AMAZING. It's not on the House Specialties but certainly should be. Veggies - bright and perfectly cooked, sauces - aromatic and provoking, meats and seafood - always fresh and uber tasty. This is a take out only place in case you didn't get that from the name. It takes a bit longer from order to pick up but that's because it's the best. Super friendly owner (I'm assuming she's the owner). She's always there and one of the sweetest people I've met here. She has some magical way of knowing who you are when you walk through the door - knows your order and always has a smile. Thank you Thai Thai for picking our hood to set up shop!! Customer for life - Cheers!
4	Okay, let's first address the elephant in the room. Yes, this place isn't the fastest place to get food from. After calling ahead and giving them more than 30 min before picking it up, there was still 15 min required. So, just don't go here if you're in a rush to eat. Beyond that, not much that can be said negatively about it. And with that said, the food and the value make this a four star spot in my opinion.I've only been here a few times but each time I have the food has been great, and plentiful! You can easily get three separate meals out of a takeout order from here and I tend to eat more than I probably should!My latest meal from here was the Red Curry with chicken and it was great. I ordered it a spice level 5 and it was the perfect amount of hotness. Highly recommend if you're a fan of spicy food.I've also had the Pud Thai from here as well and it doesn't disappoint. I'm very much looking forward to the next order I takeout from here. I'm guessing it will be another one of their delicious curry dishes.
