3	We went to the spa for a Girls "Getaway".  We each got massages and totally enjoyed the sauna and tubs.  It was nice to relax and get away from the guys for the afternoon.  And to get ready for the crazy night ahead.  :)The spa is very clean and comfortable.  We got there early to soak and relax before our individual massages.  So worth it!!  The prices are pretty reasonable for a Vegas spa off the strip.  I would come back if we stayed in the hotel, but wouldn't go out of my way here.  There are plenty of awesome spas around Vegas!
5	Husband had a tournament so I was going to take advantage of some spa time! After looking at the menu online I decided to take advantage of the Southern Special and indulge in a clay body wrap and pick-me-up facial. Online there was also a recommendation to arrive 45 mins early to take advantage of the whirlpool and steam room.I arrived early and was greeted by a friendly face. They took my room key in exchange for the key to the locker and the code for entry to the women's club. Once inside you enter a small waiting area and through a door to the right you'll find lockers (left is treatment rooms). At your locker you are greeted with some sandals and a robe and Hangers to put your belongings on. As I still had some time I slipped into my suit for a dip in the hot tub. A woman asked me if I cared for juice or water and there was an array of fresh fruit for the taking. I opted for some cranberry juice and settled in for a relaxing pre-service soak. (I walked into the steam room for just a minute and couldn't see an inch in front of me! I was soaked, too! That's when I hit the hot tub).Note! Bring your bring your swimsuit for a dip in the hot tub. Its an all womens' section (all mens' is across the hall in a separate space. You can do it without but it depends on your modesty level.After about 20 mins or so I dried off and prepared for my service. My esthetician greeted me and brought me back to a treatment room with dimmed lights and relaxing music. She explained a little about what to expect and the time line and then we began. The clay mask is applied after a light dry brush that opens your pores. Once the clay is applied they wrap you up in a hot towel cocoon and you sit (bake) for 25 mins. At that time she does your mini facial. It was very soothing and relaxing... Once completed she wraps you up in a sheet and leads you back to the shower room armed with a big bin of shea body butter for application after you rinse off. Immediately I noticed that i felt moisturized and my skin was super soft! (That was before the butter!) After rinsing and applying the butter I went out to change my clothes and glanced in the mirror. My skin looked radiant! Fresh and new! That facial was pretty magical! On my way out I grabbed an orange and a bottle of water and headed to the desk to sign my slip and start my day.  I will definitely be coming back the next visit to LV!
4	Nice smaller but basic spa in the Orleans, perfect if you are staying there.  However I would not go out of the way off the strip to come here, with the exception of having a casino spa for relatively lower costs compared to the main strip.  The service was very nice and down to earth, the spa was clean.  The men's spa had a small waiting room, service rooms, a small hot tub, and a smaller steam room, never too crowded for a few days around new year.  Also there was a 3 day for the price of 2 deal.  Individual spa packages were not affordable so I just got the day pass.
4	I usually ask for Joe, but wasn't here.  I got the Swedish massage and husband got the deep tissue. Good amenities such as lockers, thick robe, slippers, hot tub with jets, sauna, great lockers.  Staff is friendly and great massage therapists.  Clean and relaxed setting
