5	You have to have to have to come here for tapas and flamenco show on Thursday night. This is a quaint little institute - it is not a restaurant really, it feels like a Spanish expat social club in Montreal. Once you step in, you are in Spain - not Barcelona but this small Spanish town by the sea. The free show starting at 845 every Thursday is terrific. It is actually the first flamenco show I saw. I was astonished by how beautiful and fun it was. The female dancer was full of passion. The musicians were happy, cheering. They put together an unforgettable performance. Yes, I tried the goat cheese fried ball with honey. It is indeed delicious. So was the grilled squid. The paella was OK. It is not an expensive restaurant and not fancy but very cozy. It is not the great tapas you get in a fusion tapas restaurant, but you feel more in Spain then in any other Tapas place. Love love loved it, will def take another out of town guests here :-)
5	La Sala Rossa is a great venue, on the small side with a bar, scattered tables and a nice stage.They book great shows here ( caught Mt.Eerie in the Spring) and it's run by the same people as Casa del Popolo (NOTE:some of the reviews on the Casa..page are for La Sala Rossa).There's also a restaurant downstairs but I've yet to check it out.
5	Gotta be one of the top indie rock venues in the city.  I've seen a number of great shows here, including the late, great Jay Reatard (R.I.P.).  It's the epitome of a good concert hall - cool looking, great sound, and cheap beer combined with quick service. And as other reviewers have posted, they're pretty quick on the turnaround between sets, which doesn't hurt. I should also note the coat check - important for going out in the cold (and I think was only $1). This was one of the first places I went after moving here and it felt like home to me. As long as they keep booking the top indie acts, I'll definitely be in the crowd.
5	where you can see a good concert and enjoy a good paella = paradise !
1	****restaurant review only****i used to love la sala rossa. just went this week end with 2 other friends and service was awful. none of us got our food together, the waitress forgot to order some of our appetizer and potatoes, then blamed it on the kitchen (NO-NO!!!) waited for the end of the meal to ask us if we wanted anything else to drink, and a couple of days later, 2 of us realized they completely overcharged our cards! this is a definite "never-ever" no matter how cool the place used to be. a disaster of a dinner.
5	This is a 2nd floor venue with about 250 capacity, stage is big enough for a 10 piece band to squeeze in and rock out and it's raised up high enough for everyone in the room to see. The bar stretches across the back of the room facing the stage, the drinks aren't fancy much but you can usually get a cheap beer or jameson without waiting long. The stage is draped with some straggly red curtains, the space in general feels sexily disheveled. Seating is configured differently depending on the event - if it's a big show there may not be any seats put out at all.  Sala is a main venue for Pop Montreal, and for the festival produced in part by the venue owners - Suoni Per il Popolo - which brings in resistance music and experimental music from around the world all year long culminating early summer. Great sound, generally wonderful booking run by community-oriented people. I have seen some of my favourite all-time shows in this space so I've got nothing but love for it.
4	Delicious tapas restaurant on the ground floor of the big stone building which, upstairs, also houses the venue Sala Rossa (note the double ss.) Goat cheese balls are great and sometimes I wake up thinking about them, and I smile. The sausage, paella, ceviche are very tasty and relatively inexpensive and the Thursday Spanish guitar and flamenco are a delight.
2	Not impressed. There's a dumpy feel to the place. You walk in and say "this might be cool" but at the end you're like "really... 90$ for that?" The food was ok. Not the best Spanish food in town. Not at the price they charge. Spend another 25$ and go to Pintxo or Tapeo. It's worth the difference. I really wanted to like it. I live 5 min away by foot! But I won't go back.
5	The restaurant on the first floor is one of my favorites in Montreal, especially for a large group of people.They serve a great selection of tapas and the paellas are amazing. I suggest sharing a couple of tapas dishes (1 per person) and then ordering a paella (1 is good for 2-4 people). The potato croquettes are delicious. The sangria is also a must-have.I just simply love the ambiance; it feels like you're having dinner in a family restaurant in the middle of Spain. I suggest you make a reservation, especially if you're planning to go there on a Friday or Saturday night.
5	the best!!!
4	This is a great, low-key Spanish tapas restaurant. We ordered a 1/2 of pitcher of sangria to start (this didn't sway the review!). Then proceeded to order the goat cheese and honey, pulpo (octopus), and the croquetas. We got the albondigas (meatballs), but they were a little on the dry side. Have I been to Spain? Yes. Would this compare to the food in Spain? No. Would it satisfy a craving? Yes.
4	Played a gig here on St. Patrick's Day at the bar. Can't comment on the food, though I saw it coming in and out of the restaurant while lugging gear up, and I was sure jealous of the people who were getting to eat it. Pretty laid-back, considering what day it was. They treat the bands well, which is no small thing. Sound is pretty good, if a bit cavernous (think talent show at your high-school auditorium, but a bit more refined); it's nice to be at a venue that's built around performance.
3	It's good cuisine! Spanish cuisine... It's a good place to go to, not the best in the world, but you're not paying that much for it so it's all right. Try it out!
4	Vraiment bel ambiance de restaurant . C'est bien d'y  aller avec un groupe   d'amis .Bonne bouffe espagnole . Beau design .
4	I played a gig here last weekend, and it was great. I'd been to Casa many times, but first time here. From a performance perspective, the team there were awesome and really helped us sound good and were quick and efficient. We got some drink tickets, so I went down for food/drinks.I sat at the bar, and ordered 2-3 gin tonics and some calamari, and it was awesome. Great gin tonics, good tapas, and good prices. Friendly too. More friendly than bar folk at Casa, though I love that place.Will definitely return, most likely if there's a band playing etc, I'll go eat downstairs first. Totally. Most place in Montreal like this, with a reputation, I've found to be overhyped and a bit of the past, but Sala stood up for me.
