2	The food took an eternity to arrive. There were 4 tables, myself included, and it took an hour to bring out 4 dishes to our table. The food is pretty good, but don't come here if you don't have 2 hours.
5	Great food, great service, nice little wine selection plus a full bar and very reasonably priced! Perfect for date night or appetizers and drinks with the girls.
3	I had lunch here with a friend last Tuesday. We have been regular clients of the restaurant previous, though thought to give Charm Thai a try. The decor was all of previous owner. The menu basically the same, a couple more additional dishes. The restaurant was not busy 4 tables dining. Seem to be a one women show, hostess, waitress, and bus women. We were greeted with open arms to sit anywhere, took a little time to come over to our table and when she did there was soup delivered even before we ordered drinks and food. We ordered the Coconut Soup (Tom Kha), note: not on the lunch menu, the Pad Thai lunch and the Red Curry lunch. All the food and drinks came out in a timely fashion and all the food was good, note: all prices are the same as previous owners. Would we come again? Yes, if we were in the neighborhood craving Thai. I would take note though that there is only one women running the show in all positions and if full, could see a potential "waiting for food", as noted by other Yelp critics, especially at dinner hours. It is a definite try, see and taste for yourself.
4	I've had take-out from here for lunch several times.  I call my order in and I always give them more time to get the food ready since it seems to take longer than they say. The quality of the food tastes yummy.  The prices are a little high compared to other Thai places around town. I enjoy the food and it's a nice option for downtown Chandler lunch places.
4	This is Thai kicked up a notch. Expect great service, food that is well presented and garnished, and a personal and elegant atmosphere.Great for a date night, or an impressive place to become a regular.The family who owns the restaurant runs the restaurant and staffs the restaurant. You're essentially a guest, eating in their home. From speaking to them, most seem to be from an engineering or highly educated technical background, and that attention to detail shows in their product and service.It's one of the coolest place to know about - get to be a regular before all your friends do!
5	My husband and I had dinner here last weekend. I LOVE Thai food and I am always on the look out for great new places. Charm was amazing. We were greeted by our waiter Christian and received our drinks promptly. Christian let us know that Happy Hour was now being offered on Saturday as well. I ordered one of their signature drinks and my husband Thai iced tea. My drink was soooo good and my husband said his tea was the best he had ever had! We ordered coconut shrimp and summer rolls for appetizers and they came out quickly and were really yummy. For entrees I ordered yellow curry and the hubs got a sauteed veggie and chicken dish. Let me just say, when ordering my curry I asked them to kick up the heat and OMG, it was AWESOME! It was so good I have been thinking and obsessing about getting back to Charm to have it again. The ingredients of all the dishes were fresh and lovely. The presentation above and beyond. Service a ten! This is my new favorite place for Thai food.
4	This is the first time here and we'll definitely come back but, my meal could have been better. I had the 5 Spice Pork and requested medium heat. It wasn't as spicy as I was expecting. There was ample pork but the amount of veggies could have been more because I ran out of them and was left with half of the pork and broth with rice.My wife's Yellow Curry with Salmon was good. She requested Mild and after tasting my pork she thought her's was spicier. Maybe they mixed up the spice request.Overall, not bad. We'll be back to kick up the spice abit.
4	Good Thai food. I ordered the Thai fried rice with chicken. The dish had a nice flavor and the rice good texture not too sticky nor too dry. Good food for a decent price.
2	We haven't been back since the past review I did. We had a craving for Thai and wanted to stay local so back we were. This time sadly to say the food has lost its charm a bit and yes we experienced the one women show with waiting for our order to be taken, drinks to be served, and there was only 2 tables filled one with a single diner, the other a party of 2 just finishing up. There seem to be take out orders that were taking presidence as we just sat and waited.We had the lunch specials of Pad Thai, Panang Curry and an order of Tom Kha (coconut soup). The owner seem to be pushing the chicken for every dish, have no idea why. The soup was good, but hardly any chicken, the Pad Thai was good but there was hardly any chicken and 1 shrimp. The Panang Curry was tasteless, again hardly any chicken, a lot of beans and red peppers.I'm sorry to say thai restaurant competition is high, take note.
5	Very tasty. Ordered chicken yellow curry to-go. Food delivered promptly when I arrived. Heat levels range from 1-5. I got four. 4 usually destroys me at Thai places. Based on this 4 I think I will go 5 next time and really turn up the heat. Food had great flavor and seemed very fresh. Will come back.
4	Great atmosphere, great happy hour menu (drinks and food from 5-7pm), good food, and our server Tim was top notch. The calamari and summer rolls were a a tasty appetizer for my wife and I.  I had the chicken in green curry and my wife had the panang salmon.  The chicken was great and the salmon was alright.  Definitely be back for an overall satisfying experience.
5	Went to Charm last night based on a recommendation from a friend and we had a great time. It is in downtown Chandler and the restaurant is quite small in the inside but it wasn't too busy on a quiet rainy night. It was the perfect atmosphere.Our waiter was very nice and gave our group of three girls plenty of time to catch up and talk and laugh and look over the menu. We decided to start with the calamari and coconut shrimp which were both delicious. I am not usually a coconut shrimp fan because I usually find it to be too sweet, but this was perfect. Just the right amount of sweet and savory. The calamari was battered just right and the perfect consistency, I also enjoyed the sriacha cream sauce it was served with.For dinner I decided on the ribeye thai basil, cooked medium rare. It was delicious! I had it prepared with hot seasoning which definitely crept on me over time but it was not overpowering or too spicy. I would recommend going with medium heat if you are not as big of fan of spicy. The white rice that it was served with was great and soaked up all of the spices. My friends had the crab fried rice and the seafood pad thai. The crab fried rice was out of this world! It was probably the best fried rice I have ever had (aside from the fried rice that my Cambodian friend makes but that's another story). It was tender and served with jumbo lump crab meat on the top, it tasted buttery and melted in your mouth. Yum!! The seafood pad thai was not really something I would order but it was still very good. My friend loved it. It was very unique because not very many restaurants put a variety of seafood in pad thai. It included clams, scallops, tilapia and a few other seafood items. At the end of the night my friends and I asked for a picture and our waiter was really nice and took a couple of great pictures of us lively ladies lol. He was a good sport.Overall it was a great night. I would highly recommend Charm Thai for a unique and delicious Thai experience in Chandler.
5	I really enjoyed Charm Thai!  Very nice decor and welcoming atmosphere. Came here for lunch with friends. The crispy kabocha pumpkin was delicious. I loved how it was served in a glass with greens. Great presentation. I had the tom kha soup medium spiced. Perfect!  Their lunch specials are only $8. I had the yellow curry with chicken also medium spiced.  It was excellent. This is a great little place for lunch or a date night dinner. I can't wait to go back and try more things. There are also a lot of vegetarian options!
5	This place is absolutely charming. Lunch specials or happy hour is a must. Drinks are delicious and overall presentation of their dishes is flawless! Very cool, swanky atmosphere. Have not found good Thai food in Chandler until now. Everything I ate was a win.
5	Great Thai food. One of the nicest Thai restaurants - clean & modern on the inside and a nice place to go for a dinner out. They have gluten free marked on the menu. Shared the gf crispy rolls, large tom yum soup and green curry shrimp. Very good.
3	My wife and I decided to stop in for some curry on our way back to Tucson the other night because I was desperately craving some Kang Karee. We showed up about an hour before close and were the only patrons at the time. The atmosphere is modern and clean.Our server was very nice and helpful and also attentive. He also gave us space when we needed it during our meal. Really impeccable in that way. We ordered Thai Iced teas which I found to be just right for my taste, my wife would have preferred hers to be a little less sweet.For our meals, I of course went with the yellow curry with chicken since that was what I was craving in the first place. My wife on the waiters recommendation went with the red curry with duck which was a special. It had cherry tomatoes, red pepper, lychee, pineapple, and basil. She went kinda back and forth on it liking it, then not so much. I thought the duck was cooked nicely but she thought it was too fatty. I thought my yellow curry was honestly very good, but it wasn't the best Ive ever had either. Altogether, there's really nothing wrong with this place, and the food is good. It's very good in fact. We're spoiled, though with Sa-ing Thai food in Vail which is more of the little old Thai lady cooking in the back with magic kinda place. We're starting to realize that we just tend to like the more hole-in-the-wall Thai places as opposed to the more upscale. This place is more upscale. Not that there's anything wrong with it, it just doesn't quite do it for me. I would, however absolutely recommend this place to friends.
