5	The barbecue here is amazing, I'm from Texas too.  A few must tries on the sides are the mac and cheese, corn succotash, greens, and grit fries. Don't forget to try the bread pudding. Staff was extremely friendly. I will make sure to make this place one of my pit stops on all my Vegas trips.
3	This place is a little weird.  You get your food from a long ala cart counter.  Meats are about $4.75 per 1/4lb, small sides are $5 and large sides are $8.  My friend and I both had the brisket, it was a little fattier than other places.  We also had the baked beans, dirty rice and greens.  These were pretty good.  The Lynyrd Lager is nothing special, tastes like beer.With the food and a total of 3 beers the bill came to $63.75.  I didn't really feel like I got my money's worth.They've got a pretty big stage which would probably be cool with some live music.  They also have several big flat screens configured to display one big picture.  Even with my poor eye sight I had no trouble watching the game.Probably won't come back here unless my redneck cousins show up in town.
1	Was extremely disappointed. I understand they just opened but it was a pretty bad experience. First off the workers on the line (food is served cafeteria style) didn't understand English. Items listed oh the menu were no longer available. ALL of the food was cold. Bartender sent two wrong drinks to start. Wait staff was too busy talking amongst each other to address their customers. Last of all, the price, it's way too expensive for the type of food offered and the quality. Maybe this place will make some changes in the future but for now I'd steer clear. Manager did the right thing by offering 50% off the bill and even she said that some changes need to be made.
2	Quite disappointed. The meats served cafeteria-style were decently price but very bland. We ordered the mac and cheese that was also bland. The drinks were interesting and good. They do not skimp on the booze.I was hoping for a good barbecue experience. Sadly this was not it.
3	I'm from the south originally (Skynyrd's hometown actually) so I have high expectations for BBQ places. This place is worth checking out but it's not among the best BBQ I've ever had. You order your food here cafeteria style. The meats are about $4.75 for a 1/4lb (I'd get a 1/2 lb instead, especially if you are going to share), small sides are $5 and large sides are $8.The small sides are plenty for one person but again to share you might want the large ones. I had the beef brisket which was a little fatty but pretty good. The mac and cheese was very good and I also enjoyed the BBQ beans, though they had a sweeter flavor than they do at most places. As for the drinks, you can't go wrong with the Honey Badger (cider with Jack Daniels Honey). This place may not be quite the BBQ you'd get in the south but worth a try on the Strip.
2	I love Lynrd Skynyrd.  This corporate piece of whatever ruins their name by giving you an overpriced buffet with a picture of the band hanging overhead.  There is no entertainment or schedule to be found.  When I asked if they are going to have a band, they stated that maybe they would have a band on the weekends.  You need to drop the price, add memorabilia, and have bands playing regularly.  Walk in and walk right out, after you see it.
2	Honestly we ate here last weekend because we were staying at Excalibur and it was the least busy restaurant. I kind of like the whole rocker vibe to it, but there is nothing noteworthy about the place. The novelty of the name/band affiliation does not make a restaurant.  The food was typical bbq that I could get anywhere, served cafeteria style..yawn. and as for the prices, give me a break! Even for Vegas it was overpriced and underwhelming. I had 1/2 a chicken, 2 sides and my partner had a pork chop and 2 sides which came to over $40!! I know its on the Strip but its not like this is a fancy restaurant.. As for seeing any actual members of the band, not sure if they actually stop by but I did see Vinnie Paul the drummer for Pantera there.  That is about as rock n' roll as it gets.
3	"Sweet Home Alabama" this place is no Curt's BBQ, Oklahoma Joe's, or Jack's Smoke Stack. The BBQ is better than Famous Daves or Tony Roma and gets a 9 for the tender fall off the bone spare ribs. Hands down the spare ribs were the most tender spare ribs I have ever had in my life. So why only 3 stars you might be asking.I ordered a slab of rib for $47 (must have come from the golden pig) and true to Texas BBQ the meat had a good hickory flavor, but not to over powering, just the right touch however; lacked that I can eat the meat without any sauce seasoning. The house BBQ sauce here is great, a mixture between Sweet Babe Rays; Open Pit, and Mauls. The meat was a little bland and required some additional seasoning salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder to make the meat right. $4.75 for a 1/4lb does not apply to the spare ribs. The Spare ribs are $4.75 a pound with no sides included. Save up to go here because you will break the piggy bank.I also, tried the pulled pork sandwich which was very good. The draw back was the thin 2 pieces of white bread that the pulled pork was served upon. Maybe they did not get the memo that this is a restaurant and presentation is a must to stay in business. I thought my younger brother made the sandwich. No sides of pickles, slaw, or anything. Just pulled pork on 2 thin pieces of white bread for $5 ouch.This place gets 3 stars because the food is slightly above average however; the prices are ridiculous. Another Las Vegas BBQ place that has potential however; destined to fail and fall by the waste side because the prices are to high and place remains empty most of the time while paying ridiculous lease rates to the casino. What a waste, I would eat here in a pinch however; I would never bring a party of 2 or more here to eat, drink, and socialize because the place is to expensive. Granted that spare rib allowed 5 people to have 2 bones each however; filler, filler, filler I had to do some crafty things to fill everyone up. The staff is great, even the young girls with the trap stamps and skimpy clothes, but the place was empty in Las Vegas at 5:30 pm on the Thursday before Superbowl Sunday. The 3 sports bars that I passed up at other casinos to get to this place were busier than heck and I thought that I might encounter the same at Lynyrd Skynyrd, not.
2	BBQ was okay. Nothing spectacular. The beet was served in a small canning jar that smelled like chlorine.
3	Went today for early lunch.Service was scarce. We were seated, then no one came around. We walked up to a cafateria style service. Order at the counter.You pay by the1/4  pound, we shared a 1/4lb ea.  of brisket, ham and ribs all $ 4.75.'lb +-plus 3/4 lb of roasted chicken plus 2 small sides beans and cole slaw.Total $39.00 + txBeware the food cost add up quickly. Order slowly and ask before you commit on anything , your meat choice. They will weigh it in front of you.Food - 5 STARS - Excellent BBQ, if you miss Salt Lick , this is as close as your gonna get. Sides were good too.No Sauce on Meats you add at table.Service - 1 STAR-  needs help, or make self serve.Park in the back off Frank Sinatra and Reno . Walk in , near sports book.
1	This place is awful! Barbecue and beer are great together this is definitely not the place for it. Horrible customer service,  I love Lynyrd Skynyrd's music and will continue to listen,however, as far as for food...I think not!
4	The fourth star is for the great service. The food was okay, not great (I'm a Southerner) but about as good as you can expect for a low price in a Strip casino. Our server took our drink orders and explained the process. You order in the line and they make check marks on the menu so the server knows what to charge you for. My friend and I had the BBQ chicken, cornbread muffins, and macaroni and cheese. The food was surprisingly good for a cheaper restaurant in a casino. It's not great but it was definitely satisfying. It's great if you're on a bit of a budget and want to eat somewhere with a kind of fun atmosphere. I had a scoop of Blue Bell for dessert (hello, yummmmmmm). Our server kept my drinks refilled (I can only drink so much sweet tea though) and was fast and friendly. Fun time. Would be cool for a group!
4	very legit food & cocktails.  i was glad dicks last resort's kitchen was closed.  i gotta 3 meat combo that was excellent.  some people may think $18.99 is alot, but you get 2 sides & i left totally full.   house draft was a tasty beer & ' tea for texas'  is a rad cocktail. dug it so much i had my next meal there in the morning.   i've had alot of mediocre BBQ elsewhere; this place rules & i dig all the tasty BBQ sauces at each dining table.  will be back
1	I've been going to Las Vegas for about 20 years now and L.S. BBQ is simply the WORST MEAL I've ever, EVER had. Avoid this place TOTALLY!Why?1. The BBQ pork sandwich: The pork taste pretty good but it comes between two sloppy pieces of white bread. I dare ANYBODY to be able to pick up this sandwich and eat it without making a huge mess. What a joke....pulled pork bbq soaks right into the bread and it falls apart.2. Service: Simply put THERE ISN"T ANY SERVICE! You sit down, you have to go get your own sandwich, you return to your table, you eat it without anybody EVER asking "how's everything" or "is there anything I can get you". Everybody that works there is about 20 years old, ditzy and has obviously never worked in another restaurant in their life.3. The receptionist: Equally ditzy and doesn't understand english. I asked if during happy hour if we get a side dish with out sandwich she answered "yes, of course". Then we are seated and told to go get our sandwich and for $5 that's all you get.4. You go to the LS BBQ you kinda expect to hear LS music. NO,NO, NO. A basketball game was on the tube and played so loudly you couldn't possibly carry on a conversation with the person right accross the table from you. Geez, if I wanted to watch basketball I'd have gone to a sports bar.Please, do yourself and everybody a favor and avoid L.S. BBQ. It's truly AWFUL!
2	Mixed results, BBQ was good but the side dishes weren't anything to write about. The biggest complaint is they don't offer BBQ sausages. And you'd think they'd have Lynyrd Skynyrd playing in the back groud but NO the had classic rock but no skynyrd.
5	I was a little skeptical about having world class BBQ in a hotel and casino but these guys nailed it! I went to school in the Midwest so i was pretty spoiled when it came to amazing smoked meats and steaks. I went there the other day with a couple of friends of mine and I had the Lean Brisket, and dear lord! It was Amazing. When my friends come in town to visit me here in Las Vegas this is one spot I am taking them hands down! Who said the West doesn't have good BBQ? CHECK IT OUT!
5	Loved it!  No cafeteria style dining as mentioned in earlier reviews, they are now a regular sit down and be waited on place.  Great music playing, delicious food and friendly waitstaff.  Will definitely eat here again next time we come to Vegas. Mac n cheese was so good along with the brisket.  Also 2 for 1 drafts with stay at Excalibur.
5	Ok, I'm mostly reviewing for the service and entertainment they offer. I rarely ever enter the Excalibur hotel. Shame on me for not even knowing that this place existed! It was funny. Our cool and hipster in laws came down to visit, and since they're avid lovers of karaoke, we ended up losing them in the casino and finding them in this place.The place is HUGE! They have a bar, a stage, karaoke, DJ, host, and fun karaoke entertainers in crazy outfits. We came for the karaoke. They have a wide selection! From Elvis hits to Britney Spears. Up on stage, they also have fun little props for you to use to up the entertainment for all the brave singers. There's no cover, and they also offer free shots if you grab them from the nice promoters who pass them out. The bartenders also get  little jiggy throughout the evening as well as offering free shots to those who are brave enough to dance on stage when they do fun dance numbers for the audience to participate in.We got this big souvenier goblet with orange slush which cost $14 and that already includes a shot (plus your free shot of 151). Shots of Patron is $12. I didn't try their BBQ since we already ate, but I am curious to try it out. We did have an order of cheese fries which I didn't think was that great. It's focused more on presentation than anything. /the fries are cut into HUGE cubed slices and was very starchy and not crispy like usual cheese fries are. It also had the cheese on the side. This is definitely a great find, and surely a fun place to hang out at for college students that are on vacation. The servers were also very friendly and attentive. Not pushy at all if you don't order food, and just drinks. Can't wait to go back and party, eat, drink it up, and surely karaoke it up!!!!!
1	I have no idea why anyone would give any stars for this god-forsaken restaurant.Pulled pork sliders were just too cold and too sweet with no flavor. Half of a corn on the cob was waaaaaaaaay over priced and nothing much special at all. Spinach dip itself was great, but the pita chip was like 100 years old; just way too stale. We ended up asking for just regular chips which weren't any better. Only things that were actually edible were our bottles of beer.I would rather eat off of dirty street than to eat at this place again in this life time.
5	Okay,   we just went here because we heard they had a decent happy hour and we were already inside the Excalibur. I didn't expect to find a 5 star.  Many of you may disagree with this rating, but I had no complaints whatsoever:Pros:* Texas Nachos were bomb!  Topped with pulled pork and who knows what else!  Amazing!* Service (at the bar) was on-point!  Everything was basically $5.00 during their happy hour.  * I ordered a Jack & Coke and got a Jack & Coke for the $5.00 special, not a generic version of the whiskey with Coke.Cons:* the only thing I can think of is that you have to venture into the casino to get here...that means fighting traffic (foot and car) and finding a parking!Overall: I was very impressed.  Who says that the strip doesn't have a decent happy hour!  Definitely a pleasant surprise!Tips:* check Excalibur's website for current happy hour specials @ Lynyrd Skynyrd.Here's some info on the place:Hours:Mon - Sun: 11am - Close**Last call for food service at 10pmRock N Roll Brunch:Saturday & Sunday: 11am - 2pmServing southern-style breakfasts at: $7.99 Biscuits & Gravy$13.99 Big Breakfast$15.99 Steak & Eggsand much more!Don't forget drinks!$15 Bottomless Bloody Mary$17 Bottomless MimosasHappy Hour:Monday - Friday: 3pm- 6pm$5 Appetizers (Grit Fries, Texas Nachos, Fried Dill Pickles, Pulled Pork Sliders, Spinach Artichoke Dip, Chicken Wings)$4 Draft Beer$5 Well Drinks & House Wines$9.99 Lunch Special:Mon - Fri: 11am to 3pmPulled Pork SandwichBBQ Beef Sandwich2 Pork Spare RibsTossed Pulled Pork SaladSmoked Turkey Caesar SaladSpecial Events:MondayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1amTuesdayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1amWednesdayHomeGrown: 10pm - 12amThursdayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1amFridayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1amSaturdayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1amSundayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1amHomeGrown Wednesdays:Local bands hosted by Laurie Steele from KOMP 92.3$5 drinks specials to local residents (must present ID)
4	Bout as close to southern BBQ in vegas you can get. Oh and for those who think the BBQ was to sweet you're all idiots..... SOUTHERN BBQ IS SWEET!!! everything was cooked perfect and the waitress was friendly. Ill def. be back.
2	This place was just OK.  A good friend told me about this place, he had never been there but knew it was opening soon.   Got there and ordered a rib lunch special with greens.  First the greens, they were terrible.  Greens should not be crunchy!The ribs were interesting, totally the opposite of most of the places I've been to lately, can't I get something in the middle??  The ribs were a bit tough and marinated too long, the flavor was overpowering.  I was able to finish my plate but just barely.  Not great BBQ.  Memphis Championship is much better.
1	I don't even think this place is worthy of a single star. My husband and I were unfortunately staying at the Excalibur and wanted a low key dinner within the hotel. Maybe my hopes were a little too high because I was so excited about BBQ, but I was expecting a lot more. First, we went down to the restaurant and had to wait for over 30 minutes because they had a big wedding party and couldn't seem to accommodate both. When we finally sat down, we noticed that our waitress was always serving the big party of over 20 people. Awesome. It took forever to get our drinks, she didn't ask us if we wanted an app or anything. We basically had to do her job for her. It took a bit for our drinks because they were brought to another table at first. The manager then came over and ended up being our waitress. I wish I had looked at the menu prior to coming here. Aside from apps, nothing appealed to me. No pulled chicken or pork and the menu was really small. We ordered fried pickles for an app, and while they came rather quickly, they were not good. They were soggy and not crispy at all. My husband ordered the brisket with mashed potatoes and baked beans. The brisket was actually good. The outside flavor was great  but he had wished he ordered the lean as there was quit a bit of fat. The mashed potatoes were starchy and awful. They were cold when they arrived. The baked beans were spicy than anticipated but were not that good. I ordered the pulled pork sliders (an app) as my meal with a side of mac & cheese. The pork was extremely dry, I had to add a ton of BBQ sauce to even choke it down. The mac & cheese was mediocre, not much flavor but certainly not the worst we ever had.It took forever for us to get our check. When we got it, they over charged us by $25. Then it took forever for them to run our credit card. We watched as the manager tried to close out our order only to let the waitress with the 20+ person party cut in front of her and use the computer to close out a stack of bills. It was extremely frustrating. Our table was practically on top of the big parties table, and they were an extremely annoying bunch. We think the food completely sucked for the price and we would never go back there again, even if we were given a gift card or a free meal. Plus, some of the waitresses shorts were a little too short for it to be sanitary. I love Toby Keith's & even Hooters on occasion and by no means have problem with half naked women serving my food. But when my bathing suit covers more bottom than your jean shorts and your handling my food, ew... it just completely grosses me out.Save yourself the frustration and avoid this place!
1	If you wanna have a good time, don't bother with this place.  We had a group outing and met here for drinks.  The staff is beyond rude, b****y is the only way I can describe them.  Almost as if they don't want tips, or aren't getting paid enough.  Manager seems to be run by his staff and not the other way around.  Won't be back, and would NOT recommend to this place to anyone!!  Save your money and go elsewhere.
3	There are no more second helpings at Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer. The BBQ joint at the Excalibur closed down Wednesday, after only ten months in business.Both it, and American Burger Works (that was also in the Excalibur and operated by the same group), have shut down and filed for bankruptcy protection. The shack-like facade of Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer was sealed behind a solid white wall this morning, and all mentions of it have vanished from the Excalibur's website. Naming a restaurant after a band who lost three members in an airplane crash at the height of their success might have been a bad omen, but I am sorry to see them close down because their BBQ was quite good. I sampled one of their Pitmaster Combos on my last trip at the castle that included two succulent pork ribs, two very large portions of ham, and a moist hunk of quarter chicken. And unlike other BBQ joints that grill their meat, slather it with a pungent sauce, and then grill it some more, this place let the meat speak for itself. They simply seasoned it with a bit of salt and black pepper, finished it with a dry rub of cayenne pepper, grilled it until it caramelized and sweetened, and served it at that perfect point where the meat is ready to delectably fall apart. And if you wanted BBQ sauce to go with it, they offered a trio of tangy sauces to suit every palate.Another downside to this place closing down is the loss of neat cocktail spot in this area. Their drink menu was quite off the beaten path with fun shots like the Death to Miss Piggy (bacon-washed Souther Comfort Fiery Pepper) and the Jack and Pickle Back (Jack Daniel's and pickle brine), and cocktails like the Double Wide Baconator (more bacon Infused SoCo Fiery Pepper, some Lillet Rouge, maraschino cherries and Angostura bitters), and my favorite, the Honey Badger (Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, some apple cider, Whiskey Barrel bitters, DiSaronno, lemon and a touch of cinnamon.)."If I leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on, now 'cause there's too many places I've got to see." -- Lynyrd Skynyrd
3	FOOD: really really good!  We had a party of 8. We shared 4 combos and upgrade to large sides and paid $14 each. Reasonably  priced and had leftovers.            SERVICE:  non existent !! We went to counter to order and carry our own food and they actually had the nerve to add 18% gratuity. I complained and quickly learned why the service doesn't exist- because management is even more retarded!!                                                      My point- must try BBQ but order            TO GO!!!
4	I didnt know what to expect with all the mixed reviews. We were pleasantly surprised. They accommodated 10 people easily. Although they didn't have a kids menu they were more than happy to split the orders up and there is plenty for everyone. They food is absolutely delicious and the service was great. The decor is rough but its exactly what youd expect from a southern themed resteraunt.  I would defiantly go back!
