4	First off, this place sells Little Caesar plush dolls. That is awesome and should be worth a star there alone. I'm a big fan of restaurant mascots and I think we all might go to McDonald's once or twice to get a Grimace or Hamburglar doll. But that just might be me ;)Location wise, its in a nice spot, across from Banner and within walking distance of MCC. There's not a lot of pizza places in this stretch and its right off the freeway too.This is one of the nicest looking Little Caesar's pizzerias Ive seen. They have a lot of branded merchandise, bibs, toys, slicers and spatulas - which I haven't seen at a Little Caesar's before and that's pretty novel.This location just opened yesterday and they were slammed. In the time I was there, about 10-15 minutes, They must've served at least 20-25 customers, so I have little doubt this place is filling a necessary void.This place being new as well I didn't have their number. I usually like to call ahead since I don't like the Hot 'N Ready thing all the time and like having custom toppings. I showed up placed my order and waited. And what happened next, is what prompted me to write the review. They made a slip up with the pizza and let me know it wasn't right and offered me a three meat pizza on the spot or if I waited and gave them a chance to make it right, they'd comp my meal and give me free 2 liter of Pepsi and an order of Crazy Bread. I probably would've been ok with just the hey, let us fix this - cuz that says they care about what they're putting out. The order came a few minutes later and before that the owner let me know, hey we care about good food but feel bad about making you wait so on top of the comp, we're going to give you a voucher for free pizza and free Crazy Bread on your next visit. Again, really above and beyond. Pizza came out shortly and they threw in not one but TWO free orders of Crazy Bread I didn't order just to say hey, sorry.Chain or not, any business that takes the time to own up to any problems before they are problems and make good for them multiple ways should be lauded and thats the behavior that gets patrons to come back.And the pizza was good too.Plus, you know PLUSH DOLL!
5	I didn't know Little Cesar's had such nice stores...apparently I haven't been in a new one in a long time!! Snagged a deep dish when I saw their grand opening sign. Delicious!! Glad to have a new store in the area for quick dinner.
5	This is a really nice Little Carsar's!!! Fast and friendly service despite how busy they were ; ) And really good food!! Check it out!
