5	I have known the owners of this salon since I was in High School... They are the nicest people in the world! They used to work over at Miracle Nails, but now own Spectrum.  Its a little difficult to find, but its a beautiful clean salon.  They do an awesome job, and have all the gel colors and glitter.  Its a super reasonable price for their services, and they have new comfortable pedi chairs. I would definitely check them out if I were you, they treat you like family, and do a great job.  Its next to Goodwill in Ahwatukee and where Dance Depot and Barros used to be.  They are quick, efficient, and affordable.
4	My daughter and I have visited here twice.  We've tried both manicures and pedicures.  So far we've had good service, even when they're busy.  The prices are decent.
4	My Mom and my sisters get their nails done at Spectrum regularly. They're always rocking some serious nail art and I wanted in on the action! A few weeks later, my family hooked me up with a birthday gift certificate.  Dude had a rare Sunday off work, so we ventured out to Ahwatukee for some couple's pampering after a weekend of Spring Training games.Clean, modern nail spa as you will see from the pictures added to this business. Standard pedicure massage chairs with whirlpools, and a gorgeous granite nail bar.Sterilization seemed above the standard in comparison to similar neighborhood salons. Processing the whirlpools with a solution in between clients, autoclaving every set of instruments for every client, Barbacide in plain sight. Wide selection of your basic nail polish and scores of gel colors, crazy glitter included. Tiffany and her husband (forgot his name) took great care of us! What's crazy is I recognized him from Miracle Nails from over 10 years ago in High School. Like Courtney C. said in her review; he's here now!Dude got a Classic Pedicure with added callus remover ($25 pre-gratuity). Good thing too; his feet become weapons in between those 2-4 pedicures a year! Left the salon baby smooth. Me? A Classic Pedicure with sugar scrub, and a Gel Manicure, both with chevron and glitter nail art (total, $61 pre-gratuity). Beautiful minty green color for Saint Patty's Day. Check out the pictures!Again, Tiffany, Hanna and the entire staff made us feel right at home. Had some great conversations, too! We didn't feel like anyone was rushing to get the next client in the chair. Will we come back? Yes, when our regular nail technician at a salon where I get my hair done is unable to get us in. Let's just say we're loyal, longtime clients of hers and despite the wonderful experience we had here ... Totally felt like we were cheating on her!Yet, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Spectrum to family, friends and Yelpers alike looking to beautify their hands and feet for a great price!
2	So I had changed to Spectrum Nails for two reasons, one partly because my old shop was always so busy it would take too long.  Second was the price at Spectrum Nails was better.Well sometimes you get what you pay for...my daughter and I both ended up with in grown toe nails and the pedicure and manicure weren't up to quality I am used to.  I've gone back to my original place.
3	I went and had a fill done a couple days ago. While I was very happy with the outcome of my fill when all was said and done, there were a few problems. First was that I was highly unimpressed with the level of customer service. I told the man doing my fill that I had had a new set put on my last visit. Regardless, he insisted that he remove one of my nails. I spent the next 10 minutes in pain while he pried the nail off all the time muttering under his breath how hard the nail was to take off. Well, no kidding. I just told you it was a new tip. Needless to say, he was rather unpleasant during my visit but my nails do look great now. Also, I brought my 6 year old for a pedicure. While she enjoyed it and her nails look pretty, the lady took the cheese grater thing to her little feet. So when I got home the bottoms of her feet were peeling and all scrapped up. Who gets that aggressive with soft little girl feet? I'm not sure I'll be back. But I know most certainly, if I do, I won't be bringing my little girl.
5	I truly like every person that works at spectrum. They are all kind and friendly and do an excellent job with my nails, no matter how complicated or silly my requests are. The prices also can't be beat!
