5	Eat at moe's all the time, when this one opened up, I simply had to go. Still haven't been let down. Although they could do with giving you more tortilla chips. When I went it was filled about 4 inches with a burrito and beans in it.
3	Thank goodness there is finally a Moes here!! Maybe wait a few weeks until they get their system together. The wait was substantial for only a few people.  I hope it gets faster because I do like this place!
1	I did not like this place at all. My husband & daughter also didn't like it. It's flavorless. It's like half assed American Mexican food at Salsarita's or QDoba prices. Trust me, just go to a QDoba.
3	This is Moe's so you know what to expect.  I usually only go on Mondays for the $6 burrito, chips, and drink deal.  I find it to be way overpriced at the regular menu prices.  For example, a fountain drink and a burrito with steak and guacamole is about $10 before tax.  Most of the food is good but the steak is very chewy so go with the beef or chicken.  I am not a fan of the help yourself salsa.  I love salsa and I have not found one here that I like.The layout of this place is also confusing.  When you open the door, you will be right in the middle of the line.  The parking is also limited and with at least another business or two opening in the same building,that's going to get worse.
3	Do not, I repeat DO NOT come to this location on a Tuesday!  Apparently, kids eat free and every parent in a 20 miles radius has no intention of cooking!!  Therefore, the line is ridiculously loooong and the restaurant is filled with unruly adolescents accompanied by parents pretending to be oblivious to their poor behavior!!As for the service, it was decent and not quite as slow as I expected, considering the line was wrapped back through the dining room tables, and there was only 2 girls diligently working the prep line!  The line moved slowly  due to parents who allowed their small kids to order their own food while they climbed up on the counter to point and fill their items with every free ingredient available on the line!The cashier appeared somewhat frustrated as I observed her handle money and then leave the register to handle a customer's food... a huge no-no for me!!On a better note, my burrito was prepared as I requested with extra rice and extra queso.  The ingredients were fresh and the chicken was well seasoned.  My burrito is always so huge that I can never eat it all in one sitting!All in all, a fairly decent and typical Moe's carry-out experience... minus the 50 million children, of course!!
1	I am not impressed with this Moe's restaurant!! There was old food dripped around the edges of the food bar, and I saw the employees push the old food back into the fresh food instead of cleaning it up and throwing it away. The salsa bar is also never full and rarely clean. The management needs to get a handle on this restaurant! I understand it is fairly new, but the employees and managers really could do a better job maintaining cleanliness. I live in fort mill and I pass by this Moe's to go to the Rock Hill location because the food is fresher and the staff is more organized and friendlier. I was really excited for the Fort Mill Moe's to open, but I do not want to spend anymore money there until the service picks up. They're are a lot of great Mexican restaurants in Fort Mill and Moe's has a lot to compete with. I love Moe's so I really hope this location steps their game up!
3	Welcome to Moe's, right here in Fort Mill. Speedy service for my Homewrecker with chicken to go. Love the chips, nice and light. Salsa bar, yum.Not exactly easy to eat in the car, but I got 'er done.Outside seating available, but probably not a brilliant idea in January.
