4	Pancake quest victory!  Since this business is owned by the same people as Butterfields, I expected a great breakfast and was not disappointed.  It's not the same menu, but plenty of eggs, omelettes, Benedicts, waffles, pancakes, and French toast to choose from.  The service was speedy.  The blueberry pancakes are as good as they get.  Plenty of blueberries inside, and a steaming hot blueberry compote on top.  If you like your pancakes light and fluffy, this is the place -- maybe even a record. I'm just saving that fifth star till they get patio furniture.  For now you must eat inside, though the location for the patio is great.
5	OMG! The Butterfields guys open a new location, and it's every bit as good, just not (yet) as crowded! The only difference in the menu is no Dutch Baby's, but as good as those are I rarely had time to wait 25 minutes for one.
2	First try for breakfast here. The service was good with plenty of staff to help. The food on the other hand was just so-so. I had a skillet breakfast that was made from a can with little to no flavor and an overload of potatoes. My pancakes were heavy and had a bad batter taste, eggs were undercooked. The pportions were big, but who wants to eat a lot of bad food? Probably will not return with so many better places in the Scottsdale area.
5	As good as Butterfield's and then some. Pecan waffle to perfection.  yogurt and granola parfait, huge!   Service was speedy, place was clean.  Sat in the back wing by the kitchen and it was not noisy and annoying, or chaotic.  Food was hot and prepared perfectly.  Coffee was not quite as strong as at Butterfield's, that was a downside.  Otherwise a perfect little restaurant in walking distance of my house.
4	Butters was REALLY great. I'll have to try a few more dishes before giving it 5 stars, but the prices were incredibly reasonable for Scottsdale, the service was prompt, and I agonized for a while over what to eat because everything looked so appealing.The restaurant has an updated diner feel, and I wish they had one closer to us in central Phoenix, because the prices at OverEasy and Taylor Cafe are prohibitive. Seriously, if this place was located closer, we'd be there every weekend.I was really satisfied with my skillet. I wouldn't say it was amazing or anything, but breakfast food is tough to innovate, and I'm fine with it that way.Also, it's kind of fun thinking about the South Park character, like when he became a pimp that one time.
5	I have come here twice now and never have I been to a breakfast house that got the orders out quicker! Both times it had to be less than 5 mins and we had our food! So cool. The food is really good, restaurant decor is nice, and they have a full coffee bar located inside so you can order premium drinks. I like it!! :)
5	OMG.  The pumpkin french toast is what I decided on after much deliberation and it was so delicious.  If I had been in town longer I probably would have stopped by more days to try other things on the menu.  I love finding unique breakfast options and Butter's didn't disappoint!
5	My wife and I seem to be on the hunt for the perfect breakfast place here in North Scottsdale.  Many to choose from, and Butters is our new favorite.  First of all the atmosphere on the patio was our first hint that we'd like it here.  There is a fountain right off the back and the sounds and smells that make for a pleasant experience.  They were also playing fun music on the patio as well.  Nothing loud or obnoxious, but it was a welcomed addition on a Sunday morning.  Secondly, this is somewhat like a cafe.  They have a barista bar there and the latte my wife got was very tasty and my coffee was very excellent.  Our meals were very good as well.  When it comes to breakfast foods, you don't need to reinvent the wheel.  They served good food, and at a good price and great atmosphere.  We will definitely be back.**Update**We went back again this Sunday and had another great experience.  The service was awesome and the food was even better.  I went out on a limb and tried something I usually wouldn't get, the Corned Beef Hash Skillet... topped with over easy eggs.  It was amazing.  It also was a lot of food.  I ate about half of it, but I am so glad I tried it.
5	This is a great new breakfast lunch restaurant that opened a few months ago.  The owners also own Butterfield's on Scottsdale & Shea. The service was fast, food was delicious and the place looks great!
4	Butters was a great spot for our Sunday brunch. I was anticipating a very crowded restaurant, with a long wait, much like its sister restaurant Butterfield's on Shea. I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated right away. Neither hubby or I could decide between the breakfast and lunch menu. Everything we saw that was brought out from the kitchen looked enticing. Hubby opted for the corned beef hash skillet with raisin toast! He proclaimed it as the best corned beef hash he's had here in the valley -- quite the compliment. I, being the pickier eater of the two of us, ordered the grilled cheese sandwich on artisan bread with bacon . . . my preference always is the bacon had to be done very well and the fries, almost burnt. And that is pretty much what I got and loved every bite! Service was friendly, but not overwhelmingly so. Coffee and iced tea were both refilled without having to ask or wait too long. The restaurant itself is pleasant, clean and well laid out. I hope to be able to sit on their patio soon, if we get a day below 100 degrees. Expect nothing fancy. The bathrooms were immaculate. Prices are very reasonable! I loved that the employees get to eat in the restaurant on break . . . if they sit next to you, then you'll know what to order next time. The salads looked so delicious! We'll be back . . .
2	We came here on a Saturday and there was no wait. The reviews, and menu on the website all looked promising.My hubby did not like their coffee at all. Tasted like the burnt Starbucks coffee.He ordered the Fish and Chips. Homemade tartar sauce was a little on the sweet side, fish was ok and the french fries were not seasoned. We have had better.I ordered the Prime Rib French Dip with a side of fruit. The bread was ok, the prime rib has a pretty good flavor. The dip was bland, almost like broth out of can. Side of fruit was really small.I think they did a great job hiring someone to write up their menu and design the interior. But the food could use some fine tuning. For the price, I was expecting a little more flavor overall.Probably will not go back again.
5	LOVED it! Cute, classy upbeat, friendly spot in Scottsdale. The waitress was super friendly, their service was quick and the food was fantastic! AND they had delicious gluten free pancakes. Its worth the drive from Gilbert!
2	I love the location because it's bike riding distance from my house.  The food isn't anything Denny's doesn't provide and well "I don't eat at Denny's ever; okay ever sober and exclusively in the hours of 3am-5am.  That all being said the food is fine, service was slow and all things were done with attitude (been there twice and had the same experience with different people).  Finally... I called on Mother's Day to see about getting our name in and/or finding out about the wait- went something like this.  Me: "Hi I was wondering how long the wait was or if I could put my name in for a table." Butters dude: "We don't take reservations."  Me: "Well how long is the wait?"  Butters dude:  "Well it's mothers day!"  Me "Okay thanks I didn't know that..."  Well of course I knew it was Mothers day that is why I called!  Ended-up at the Spotted Donkey! Have been there twice since and well it's close.  If you can walk there fine but save the gas!
5	Great food and service. Normally a wait on the weekend, but what would you expect.
3	There's a theory (food-location relativity if you will) that people will almost always think that the food in their hometown is far superior to cuisine in any other location. I think this especially true for Midwesterners. Butterfield's has branched out to create a hand full of locations in IL and AZ. No matter how many locations they have, IMO, the location on butterfield road back in IL will be their best. I won't eat my mom's pancakes but I'll eat the pancakes at the butterfields on butterfield road (sorry mom!). The other locations, including the one I'm supposedly reviewing, are lacking something the butterfield road location seemingly has mastered. Even the naperville, IL location is sub par. Hmm perhaps they should clone the cooks at the butterfield location in order to ensure a consistently tasty product.
5	Nothing better!!!  Must try. Great menu and great staff/service.
2	We took my daughter & grandson (10mos) for an early Sunday morning breakfast. It was the first nice morning, weather wise, and would have been a wonderful morning to have breakfast outside. I have fond memories of this restaurant & dining outside when it was "The Good Egg". When we arrived we found out that we could not sit outside in the beautiful morning air because they didn't have enough servers. It would have been simple & easy to sit us outside and have one of the servers walk thru the doors to serve us. The way the restaurant is set up its just a couple of extra steps to the outside. Very short sighted thinking.  The manager was not very welcoming, never smiling or indicating that we were welcome guests as should happen in a restaurant setting. When ordering we requested something simple, like adding cottage cheese to scrambled eggs, in order to make it softer for the baby to eat. We were told that the "boss" didn't like to make changes to the menu but she would ask. They did end up doing it but when they brought it out, it was unbelievable, it looked like they'd added a whole pint of cottage cheese to one egg. They redid it and it was just okay. With all of the competition in Scottsdale you would think that they would do all they could to make a customer happy.  I probably will think twice about bringing my business back to this restaurant. This restaurant needs to work on their customer service & their attitudes. Their food is good, except for the pancakes, which are dry and fall apart when you cut into them.  Altogether a disappointing experience.
4	This is a wonderful little breakfast spot - a huge improvement after the last place that was here (le peep). Food is high quality and a good value, plus the staff are really on their toes. I thoroughly enjoyed my country-style eggs benedict.
4	Butters-- what can I say.  The FOOD here is over the top amazing and doesnt sit in your guts all morning after you have moved into the balance of your weekend routine. The food is clean and healthy and hot.  Perfect food.  This venue is also recently completely overhauled and essentially 2011 new on the inside, so you have shiny tables tops and linens, sparkling light fixtures, a good crowd-level ambience with loudness, but you dont have to yell at your tablemate to be heard.My only hesitation here is service.  Every time we've gone, it's been 4 times now, we get another doe-eyed server, barely driving age or in freshman year of college who doesnt have ANY experience on waiting tables.  I mean every time. We even had to return a 'to go' order because they gave us regular pancakes, not banana.  If management pulls their training program together (and they had better, this is Scottsdale, and your competition will eat you alive), this a must see, must goto breakfast joint with a fresh and clean edge and better food.  If you can tolerate the quirky service with your NY Times or AZ Replublic in hand, you're in the right spot!
4	This is a perfect place for breakfast. Simple, appropriate decorations but truly outstanding service. I can order a warm and hearty breakfast here and be served as quickly as at McDonalds. The staff are very friendly and cater to your needs. Whether a big breakfast or small, Butters is just right. for me.
5	Love it! especially their pumpkin french toast and their iced mocha. also whenever we drive past the area my three year old daughter always mentions that she needs her pancakes and coloring paper. the service is great too, great staff and management :-)
5	Always great breakfast or brunch, can't go wrong!
5	Great breakfast place! It's actually right down the street from where I live, so I can walk there, fill up, and then walk off everything I just ate! It's conveniently located on Hayden in the Greenbelt area, so there are lots of bike paths and wide sidewalks for families - and right near the lakes too, so you can make a great weekend morning out of going here.Butters is part of Butterfields, so if you're familiar with their menu and service, you'll probably see the similarities. Butters does have a different sort of ambience - a bit more modern, rather than down home and cozy like Butterfields. But equally clean, with fast and friendly service and most importantly the food and presentation is fabulous. I always go for their egg white omlettes, always fluffy and healthy and lots of different side options. One of my faves though is their french toast - if I wanna indulge in something delicious, a feast for my eyes and stomach, I definitely go for their french toast.Gotta give it a try - there's no other breakfast place I'd go to - except their sister restaurant Butterfields!EDIT: 8/22/2014Upped it to 5 stars because I've been here enough times as well as other breakfast places to say that this is definitely my fave. Fast service, consistent food, always delicious, friendly, and I could go on.
3	I have been to Butters on numerous occasions - the latest being with three senior golfing friends from out of town.  Over the last few years, we have tried numerous breakfast places on their trips, searching for a breakfast that would satisfy all of their different tastes.  After trying six or seven different places, I brought them to Butters, since it was on our way to the golf course. We all ordered something different, including a skillet, bacon and eggs, pancakes, and an omelette.  The service was fast, and friendly. In fact, we have one picky eater, who always sends his bacon back, because it isn't as crisp as he demands.  The waitress handled his grumbling very nicely, and even had him laughing about it.The atmosphere is somewhat trendier than Butterfields, which was a very big plus for my senior friends.  They also commented on the friendly service, and the reasonable prices. It didn't surprise me that when it came time for breakfast on the final three days they were here, they all voted to come to Butters for breakfast.It should be noted that we came on the weekdays when it isn't as busy on the weekends. I have been in the area on weekends, and it always appears that there is a waiting line.The only thing keeping it from more stars, are the hash browns.  They are obviously prepackaged (or at least taste that way) - and a real breakfast place should have signature hash browns.  But all in all, a nice addition to the area.
3	Not really anything special.  Service was efficient and without personality.  The portions were huge and fine tasting.  I think it's annoying that they charged me $.50 for an extra salsa (small ramekin of jarred salsa).  The fresh squeezed juice was yummy.  Why don't places use cage free eggs?  How is it any better than McDonalds if the eggs are all from chickens stuffed in cages and pumped with antibiotics?  Too bad, it's location is perfect but I would say it's just mediocre.
2	If you like runny eggs, uncooked ham and frozen hash browns, you'll love the "Home of the Breakfast Explosion".I ordered their Benedict and a side of pancakes, and what I got was something that anyone could slap together without attention to detail.  It is beyond me why this is on the menu if you just can't cook it!To be fair, and the only reason this noisy, poorly ventilated place did not get a single star was because our waitress was just so nice to us, trying to compensate for a crew that should just stick to pancakes, waffles and french toast.Special tip: if you're coming here, keep the ordering to just waffles and french toast; get your coffee at the Coffee Roaster next door and you'll survive.
5	"American Breakfast Staple Done Right"Skillet corned beef hash is delicious.  Belgium waffles cooked with perfect combination of crispy outside with moist center topped off with there signature "Butters" syrup.  It is clear why there is always a long wait on weekends.  Our waitress very cordial and aware of her table and cleanliness of the table.  There was little spillage from our orange juice and she quickly alerted another wait staff to help clean our table.  She came to check on us twice.  (Once is considered standard).  The decor is Clean and modern and impressive.  On a first impression Butters delivers a strong showing on what is basic of American breakfast staple.  I would have to go again to check on consistency.
4	We were torn between Butters and Butterfields (based on yelp reviews). Very pleased with our choice to go to Butters Pancakes & Cafe'! Everything looked so good that we ended up ordering 3 entrees. The salmon/cream cheese scramble, eggs rojo and strawberry cheesecake French toast (AMAZING!!!). Everything was delicious and well priced. Also really enjoyed the outdoor seating!
4	Is not quite Matt's Big Breakfast, but the kids love it (chocolate chip pancakes) and the wait is manageable.  The breakfast menu has everything on it you could ever want.  I'm a fan of the spinach and feta omelettes...just be prepared for all the food that comes with them.  And make sure you get plenty of those hash browns.
5	Good breakfast spot. We had a short wait to get in and enjoyed a coffee by the fountain while we waited. Good portions, reasonable prices and ultra-friendly staff. This is definitely on our short list for breakfast every time we come to Scottsdale in the future.
3	Oh, Dragonfly Cafe, why did you have to be closed for breakfast today?  I was almost at DC's doorstep when I decided to use my Yelp app to check on the cafe's hours, and darn it, it was closed!  So, I ended up at Butters, instead.  I arrived at around 10:30a, a bit of a late start since I had to switch venue plans, but no worries, as I would only have to wait about five minutes before being seated outdoors (and it was such a beautiful morning, too!).  I'd have enjoyed listening to the water fountain across from my table a lot more if traffic sounds didn't intrude, but what can I do?  I quickly got over it.I knew to stay away from the sweeter French toast concoctions, since the pumpkin bread variety I chose for my first visit was too sweet for my taste.  It took me awhile to decide what to have- blueberry pancakes or strawberry cheesecake French toast?  In the end, the write up on the "house strawberry-mascarpone blend" made the decision for me.  Ooh, I was looking forward to this!I wish I had more time to order a cup of coffee from the coffee shop next door, since Butters' drip coffee isn't a fave of mine (or of my Mom's).  I gave it a second try today, and I still don't like it.  The wait for the French toast wasn't long, about ten minutes.  I found my first three or so bites to be delightful, but then I got bored.  I don't think I'd order the dish again, unless I were to share it with someone else knowing that I had another dish to look forward to.  I suppose not all breakfast sweets can be as great as that of the Herb Box's Red velvet pancakes, or even that of Dragonfly Cafe's Bananas foster French toast...  Perhaps I should just stick to the savory items on the menu, such as that salmon/lox omelet we enjoyed on our first trip here.2.5 stars, but the service was OK, so rounding up to 3.  A shout-out for Rafael and the busser today.  You guys did a great job!
5	Awesome food. Good service. I highly recommend the breakfast burrito.
4	While staying up in scottsdale I yelped a place for breakfast and Butters came up.  I was so glad we came to eat here.  I had ordered the corn beef hash and eggs, it really filled me up good!  The coffee was great and the service was AWESOME!
3	The food is delicious and the servers the best! Our only complaint is that Danny, the GM, is arbitrary, inconsiderate and downright rude. Enjoyed the fresh squeezed OJ a real weakness of mine. Yummy! The skillets and corned beef hash were very good too. Don't know about the pancakes. Only 2 flavors of jam thought that was a little odd. I will return and just ignore Danny.
4	Spring training has been an annual ritual for "the boys" over the past decade - with a big concern always being where we should eat.  Yelp helps us - and we found this place well-reviewed, and decided to give it a try before watching the Cubbies lose to the hated, dreadful Padres.Despite a slow start on last Saturday morning (we sat without service for about 10 minutes after the hostess seated us), this breakfast spot proved pretty much irresistible - great, light and fluffy eggs, simply amazingly light, non-greasy "loaded" hash browns (onions, peppers and a drizzle of cheese), pancakes that I would positively abuse if they were available to me on a daily basis, heavenly french toast with apples and pecan ... oh my my!!  (If only my eggs had been hotter when served, it would have been perfect.)Clean, bright, kid-friendly restaurant, with the kitchen concealed with camouflage curtains (hiding the help?).  Once past the poor start, service was great  - prompt coffee refills and inquiries, water in a plastic carafe on the table, sugar-free syrup available at no charge (and yes, the menu does list 100% real maple syrup for a small extra charge - but the "premium", private label bottle on the table was great, too).Great omelets, interesting combos, fresh squeezed OJ.  Friendly staff.  Decent, appropriate portions.  Everything tasty.  In short, everything you'd want for breakfast.  We'll be coming back next spring training trip!
5	We had breakfast here two days in a row if that is any indication of how good the food is.  We were staying at Scottsdale Resort and I have come to realize after staying in numerous places that if you want a decent meal you do not eat hotel food.  I found out about Butters from Yelp and the good reviews and we were really happy with it.  They have great waffles, french toast, and fresh squeezed oj in a chilled glass.  They give you a nice carafe of ice water on the table.   The service is great and all food is delivered quickly.
5	We went there twice for breakfast during Arizona Bike week. Each time we had great food and wonderful service. I don't think breakfast can get much better than this! Between the three of us over two days we tried a good variety of their menu selections. Everything was wonderful. You guys have it down!!
5	This place is a huge improvement over Le Peep which previously occupied this space.  I eat here most weekends and have never had poor service and the food has always been consistently good.  This is a step up from the usual Good Egg, Chompies, any bagel joint type choices that you have in Scottsdale.  Lines start to form after 9am on weekends so plan accordingly.
5	I had been to a breakfast place here before called Le Peep, now as Butters Cafe I like the decor and the menu a lot better. They have indoor and outdoor seating and a great looking menu. I was stuck on three items and couldn't decide! I opted for the brioche french toast with bananas while my husband got the other item I wanted to try, the Eggs Verde. Both were delicious. Although I'm a sugar girl and brioche just sets my heart a flutter at the thought, his eggs verde with black beans and cheese was awesome. Not to mention the cheese grits that accompanied his meal. I've never had grits taste so....decadent! Our friends both go the Mexican breakfast burrito with the largest hashbrown I've ever seen! The coffee was delicious and filled frequently. They left a water pitcher on the table, as well as a huge bottle of syrup. I can't stand that little syrup serving some places give you because you always run out....and there you're left....alone with your dry french toast....but not here! :) Great friendly service and very on top of cleaning up the table and checking on us!!
4	Breakfast is the the most important meal of the day and Butters gives its diners a good reason not to miss it!  A fantastic meal in a comfortable modern setting.  The place is crowded but that's not a problem.  The 15 to 20 minute wait goes fast, and the only thing that is faster is the service.  It felt like it was only seconds between when we ordered our meals, and when we received them.  Everything is top notch.  If you're looking for a quick, quality breakfast, look no further.
4	A whole lot of breakfast and its good!In town on business and Yelp once again guided my choice for a great meal.  Butters serves up breakfast till 2pm.  Its location is a suburban Scottsdale shopping center. As you walk in you pass there fresh orange juice machine, you know the OJ has to be good and it was!We were seated outside on this hot 95 degree Scottsdale morning (in April, wow) and the cool misters were blowing to keep the heat down.  The menu is quite large and I went with an interesting dish in their skillet section called Corned Beef Has Skillet.  Now, this is not your basic skillet dish.  This is a huge meal consisting of a base of has browns (well done for me) with delicious corned beef hash on top of it, then melted cheese (I think cheddar) and topped off with two eggs (poached just right for me).  Oh, did I mention on top of all of this, you get a side of pancakes or toast.  A whole lot of delicious food in that large skillet.  needless to say, I needed a good nap afterward!  We also tried the Cajun chicken sausage which was very good.We did venture back the next day and I had a basic egg white omelet with spinach and feta.  Was not as impressed day 2 however I'm still thinking about that amazing skillet the day before so its 4 stars for Butters!
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. I came across this gem after a quick yelp scan of top-rated breakfast spots near our hotel. Butters caught my attention with it's vast menu and incredible looking omelets, pancakes, and more. After an early morning redeye and four hours of travel from Chitown I was famished.There seemed to be a bustling crowd at this spot at nearly 8 am on a Friday! However, there was no wait for the al fresco dining option, which we gladly took. Upon being seated, we were immediately greeted. Our server was top-notch and helped me narrow down the immense menu.  I ordered the caramel macchiato and the chorizo omelet served with fresh fruit, and my choice of pancakes, cheesy grits, toast, english muffin, etc etc. I opted for the cheesy grits since my piggie of a fiance said he wanted to try them. The food came out so quickly, and it was made with super fresh ingredients. My chorizo omelet came smothered in jack cheese and green chile sauce. It had a little kick to it, but the cool and creamy avocados nestled inside were the perfect pair! The grits were smooth, cheesy and very flavorful! I loved Butters and would recommend it to a hungry patron looking for quality food with a decent price tag!
5	we haven't done a breakfast in some time and we noticed this new joint next to Grassroots. the online menu looked good, so it was time for a try. excellent and plentiful menu options. the coffee is very good for restaurant coffee and they keep it full. they also passed the water glass test by actually leaving a carafe of water on the table. like my wife says, they also leave a gigantic bottle of syrup on the table, because everyone knows, 3 things need to be plentiful for breakfast...bacon, coffee, syrup.i had the eggs verde, on corn tortillas. they were excellently runny and just enough spice to give it flavor without burning my mouth. my wife had the brioche french toast and it was fluffy on the inside, crispy on the outside, just right!our friends each had a breakfast burrito and had great things to say about it as well. our server was friendly and attentitive without being overbearing. the food is obviously good because there was quite a wait on a sunday morning...shouldn't all these people be in church?looking for a "new" great breakfast place? Butters might be your new place!
3	I cannot believe the crazy props this place has received! I went this morning and, though it was not bad by any means, it was not rave worthy. The BF and I got there at about 10 and waited for 15 minutes or so. We were seated outside, which was a bit warm, but not bad. We started by ordering coffee and they brought coffee and real cream! YES real cream!!! I was so excited but then, like some higher power knew I was having a moment of pure joy and wanted to crush it, the coffee was terrible! Like made me feel a little nauseous bad. The real cream could not save it. That is how bad it was. The BF tried the plain pancakes to test a simple offering and I ordered the eggs verde on the suggestion of our server. The pancakes were fine, but the portion was a bit small for the price. The verdes were decent, but nothing special and the black beans in it were undercooked (What is with the undercooked beans lately??). Anyway, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but if they were giving it away for free, I suppose I would eat it.
5	While I have been a longtime fan of Butterfield's, this new outpost with a similar name is my new favorite because it is closer to my house!The menu is about the same as Butterfield's, but that is a good thing, because I have never tried something that I didn't like!  Lately I have been a big fan of the Popeye Scramble, with onions, bacon, spinach and jack cheese...it is divine.  The hash browns are crispy and I can never decide between the thick sourdough toast or the melt in your mouth pancakes!  Yesterday the pancakes were the winner, and they were delicious as usual, my favorite pancakes in town!We did have to wait about 30 mintues on a Sunday morning to be seated, but that is on par with all the other good breakfast places in the area.  But Butter's makes up the time by getting the food out fast!I spoke to the owner and apparently any new locations that they open are going to be in the Butter's name....but who cares what the name is as long as the food is good!
3	Not for large groups. Went for breakfast on Sunday, May 20th with family to celebrate daughter's graduation.  I called ahead to inquire about getting a reservation for our large group (10) or to see if there was a wait list to get on before arriving.  Was told there was a list, but that at least one person of your group had to be there to be on it. (? what is the point of having a "list" then).  Decided to go anyway and plan to wait.  When we arrived was told the wait was 20 minutes, not bad for a Sunday morning.  However, ended up waiting 40 minutes while watching other guests get seated.  When I asked how much longer for our table, I was told they were setting it up in the back.  I took a peek to see, and there was nothing being set up.  Had another talk with the hostess, and the "manager" Ted stepped in and said our group had a longer wait because the other diners were small parties and they were waiting for tables to open up to seat us. I asked about why some of the smaller tables couldn't have been put together for us and was again told that they were small and unable to accommodate us unless we wanted to split up our group.  Finally did get seated and on our way to our table, noticed a similar sized  group at those "smaller" tables.  Food was good, service was good, but the tip was reflective of the poor customer service of the manager.  If this is the same guy that another reviewer wrote about, would recommend some re-training in hospitality.  He did not offer any apologies for the extended wait or once we were finally seated come by to see how our meal was.I would not recommend this place for groups larger than 4.
4	My husband and I tried this place out of sheer starvation one afternoon (we never like Le Peep and were afraid of what it would be like), and we were very pleasantly surprised.  The food was delicious, with both classic dishes and new twists.  The coffee was excellent.  We've been back several times now, and we've even taken our 5 year old.  She now wants Sunday breakfast at Butter's ever week and asks for it by name. They treat kids fantastically and the service is always great.  And during the nice weather, take advantage of the patio seating.  It is delightful!I've now had there regular coffee and some of their coffee drinks, and I can say they are excellent.  No bitterness to the coffee and not overly sweet when a latte or mocha.
2	Squishy/soggy/slimy french toast, no substitutions without being charged, and initially seating us in the worst possible seat available (in-front of entryway/kitchen)= 2 stars.  Apparently it costs them $0.25 worth of brain power to use an alternate ingredient.  I am one of those annoying people that modifies menu items because I don't like some things that are standard to some dishes.  i.e.  avocado, sour cream, some cheeses, mayonnaise, and the list goes on...so I was not a very happy camper when I was told it was a $0.25 charge to substitute anything.  If I was still 8 years old, my breakfast would have cost me $30.  I can understand if I add something, but substitutions- that is stupid!  And according to my sister they need to change a few things with their French toast.
5	Buttters never disappoints!! Their food is amazing. They also have fantastic gluten free pancakes and waffles!
3	This is a good breakfast restaurant. I'm a fan of their very large menu. Everything is just standard, except that they serve cheese grits (I'm a big fan). I do enjoy the updated decor. The previous establishment was decorated with country farm wallpaper and roosters. The service was good. Nothing to complain about... just not that extraordinary in my book.
4	Great breakfast spot!Get here early on the weekends because it fills up fast. The employees are very friendly and the food is really good. I ordered the Nova Lox Platter consisting of Smoked nova salmon, tomato, onion, cucumber, capers, cream cheese & a toasted bagel. It was divine! The portion is huge and the cost is very fair ($10.95).I also tasted the Country Benny with Poached eggs, sausage, biscuit & white country gravy. Amazingly light considering the ingredients.The noise level is pretty high, but it is a great place to start your day.The patio looks great, but it was too hot when I was there...
5	This might be my new favorite breakfast spot. Went here a couple weekends ago with some girlfriends and the food was bomb.com. I got the chorizo skillet and it was amazing. I wasn't even hungry and I ate the whole plate. (It's a problem, I know I need to work on not eating when I'm not hungry but food is so GOOD!)The service was average - I can't think that anything was wrong. But even if it was bad, I'd go back. I def have to try some other things and I'm sure I'll update when appropriate. I've been craving that damn skillet since I've had it. Isn't it a little odd to crave chorizo and eggs? Idk. Seems a lil weird to me. But clearly it made an impression.
5	Great quality meals at respectable prices and extremely fast service. My wife and I go here as often as we can (we try not to eat out too much for budget reasons) and the staff are always attentive. The food is high quality and tasty. My personal favorite items is the Pop Eye Scrambler with Avocado: it is eggs scrambled with onion,avocado,baby spinach, and bacon. For two adults with drinks and meals runs us on average about $26 after a 20% tip for the great staff. Highly recommend this place.
5	I finally made it to Butters for breakfast.  I am going to make this short and simple.The food, service and everything was fantastic.Do yourself a big favor and give them a try.
4	Humongous omelettes. Very great service. Clean and cute decor. Try the Mexicana omelette, the green chili salsa adds a nice kick!
5	These guys were AWESOME! Great service.. Great food. I NEVER finish hashbrowns.. and they didn't saturate theirs in grease.. ugh! Just fantastic place. Loved it!
3	Had breakfast here on a Saturday morning in July.  I ordered the Spanish Scramble.  It was good.  I don't have much to say.  It's close to home but it's just okay.  Still looking for my go-to breakfast joint.
3	It's good. Taste cuts the cake. Service is friendly. Espresso is hot and delish. Pricing fits with the taste, and is low compared to the atmosphere which is nice. I say A-ok because the pancakes and belgium waffle weren't any better than most places I've personally been to.
5	This review has been a long time coming. My lady and I hit up Butters on the regular, usually Saturdays or Sunday mornings. If you get there early enough, you can avoid waiting too long. There's a special time in the late morning, when all the early risers are leaving Butters, and all the good parking spots open up. You'll have to wait a few minutes longer, but it's worth the 20 less steps you'll have to take to get into the diner.While you're waiting, you can order coffee-type beverages from the barista at the front. It's not the best, and I'd advise just waiting until you're seated to order the house blend.The staff is obsessively attentive, but not annoyingly so. They zoom in with coffee -- iced during the summer, of course -- and take our orders, which arrive within 5-6 minutes, without fail. I fear that they have developed some nanosynthesis food production technology. Or maybe they're just really good at being a diner.I'm the kind of guy that has a "usual" at restaurants. Butters is no exception. I'll get three eggs poached, bacon, hashbrowns and protein pancakes. When I'm feeling unusual, I'll opt for one of their skillets or omelets. Whatever you get here, you're going to love it. My girlfriend gets the berry bliss or strawberry cheesecake french toasts, which I am more than happy to partake in. I never leave Butters feeling underfed or unsatisfied.I've never ordered from their lunch menu, so I can't offer my opinion on it. I'm not curious enough to find out. Butters isn't my "lunch" place, and I hate change.
5	Best Breakfast in town. We drive all the way from Arrowhead Ranch for their great food.
3	I'm always looking for a new breakfast place and this was a fun one to try.  Tucked away in a shopping square off Hayden and Via de Ventura, Butters offers some local good eats.Service deserves 5 star.When you walk in, the restaurant feels fresh and clean.  It offers a good menu full of options.  We tried the California scrambler and the corned beef skillet.  The California was scrumptious with moist chicken, chunks of avocado and properly cooked eggs.  The hashbrowns were also crisp golden brown.I chose the corned beef due to another Yelper giving it a great review....  maybe if I were not a corned beef lover and did not mind the canned variety I would feel differently.  But, in my opinion, the best local cafes offering this dish make their own corned beef hash that doesn't come pre-salted from a can.  So as you can assume, this was a huge disappointment to me.  Oh, and as assumed, Sm'oreo pancakes are too sweet.  That's my own fault for ordering.If it were closer to my house I might frequent this more often, however I do not see enough unique items to bring me back!  I prefer Butterfield's, Breakfast Joint, and Chez Vous anytime
4	Awesome food! Little pricey but delicious. Loved the power pancakes!
5	I love BUTTERS!...(and I hate breakfast!)I've been to Scottsdale twice, and went to Butters twice.  That sums up how much i love this place.  They have great fresh orange juice!  They refill their syrup for every table as soon as the customers leave...everyone loves a full jar of syrup!  It's the little things that make me happy! :)It's quite popular among the locals, the second time I had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  But it's worth it.  Go here!
5	Clean, fast, organized, smiles, conversation, attentive! Great good!, Chili Verde is the real deal from a Mexican from Los Angles, Ca. Will be back, with the family, entire family.
5	If you like a great breakfast at a good value and good service in a nice atmosphere then look no further.
4	I have been to Butters twice, and thought it was great both times! I have been for lunch, and had the turkey burger with sweet potatoes fries, and for breakfast, where I had an omelette and pancakes. Both meals were really tasty. The prices are also very reasonable and the service wasn't great, but wasn't awful. The patio seating was great on the morning that I went.
5	If I was on death row and had to choose a meal for my "last supper" I would include the New Mexico Skillet (hold the chorizo) from Butters. I have searched high and low for any other breakfast place that compares to Butters and I cannot find anything. I thought that I had found a close contender in Perk Eatery in North Scottsdale but a second visit proved that they were not consistent.Butters is consistently amazing. The service is strangely fast but you'd have to be crazy to complain about that. Their menu is creative and there is a really great variety of food. I always want to try the crepes or french toast but I just can't bring myself to get anything other than the New Mexico skillet. Maybe one day I'll branch out.
5	I've never been much of a breakfast guy because too many carbs in the morning makes me sleep all day.  But let me tell you, THIS is a place to visit.I came here with my compadres Roland (who also reviewed this place), Jenna and Shaun.  Place is in a very nice shopping center, not too far down the road from Jimmy John's (drool).Let me start with the food.  Something like Strawberry Cheesecake French Toast.  My mom would kill me if I told her it's better than her Creme Brulee French Toast or her Grand Marnier French Toast, so I just won't say anything.  But it is AMAHHHZING.  I ordered a side of sausage and a side of bacon, and I shouldn't have ordered either.  They were also amahhhzing, but the entree was enough to fill me up.Needless to say, I took a huge nap afterwards.  Every time I see Jenna and Roland check-in without me on Yelp, they get angry texts from me.  This Wednesday I'm having brunch at Butterfield's on Scottsdale and Shea...I'm told it's same ownership?  We shall see if it compares to the deliciousness that was Butters.
4	Busy little breakfast place. Everyone I went with had savory breakfasts and they were very good. The sweet stuff looked good too. The coffee wasn't great, but they have a full specialty coffee menu as well. The service was lacking, but the food made up for it and I'd go back!
4	Great food, slow to get seated but food came fast.  Ask for a half portion of the cheesecake French toast.  You will be glad you did.
5	This was our final meal of the trip.  My apple cinnamon French toast was one for the ages.  Very fluffy pieces of challah.  My wife had a scramble with bacon, spinach and Monterey Jack cheese, and even the toast that accompanied it was above and beyond what most places pass off as toast.Aside from the meal being top grade, I would say that the service here should be a model for all breakfast/brunch places to follow.  This is a very popular place, apparently, and they make it look so effortless to get everyone served promptly.  We were told the wait was 10 minutes, and it was probably five or so.  There was very little wait for the food to come out, and a new iced tea was put in front of me well before I had finished the current glass.  They have a huge staff, and they are all working hard and keeping up with the deluge of customers.
5	About 1 out of 10 Breakfast spots really impress me! I was pleased to finally find one this morning! Butters fit the bill for me! With that said, I qualify myself as a discerning reviewer. I grew up in the restaurant business and currently manage my parents restaurant in Durango. I have flipped more eggs in my life than I care to think about. This has made me so picky about my eggs. Back to Butters....Being a Saturday there was a substantial wait. Greeted by nice staff ..we decided to hold out and wait after one of the staff (maybe a manager/owner) said that they get food out fast.  I can respect that. Our waitress was very sweet when we were finally seated and prompt despite a 20 top she was working on. Coffee was delish!! We were very excited for the fresh squeezed OJ - yuuuuum! I had a skillet and was elated to see 2 beautiful over easy eggs. Not a touch of brown! Clearly they cook these in a fry pan and NOT on the grill (the best way!). They were beautiful. There's only about 2 restaurants a year that get this right! Thumbs up! The corn tortillas were also very delicious!The staff hustled and was efficient! Our food came out about 6 minutes after placing our order (as promised)! Great presentation and tasted even better. The bathrooms and entire restaurant were very clean (another biggie for me). Thank you for caring about what you do, Butters! It shows! For our last meal on our way out of town, I couldn't have been more pleased! We'll surely be back during our next visit to the area. We just happened to stumble on this place and so glad we did. From one restaurant-er to another - well done!
5	I really loved this place.  We did have to wait like 15 mins but they gave us a buzzer and there was a lot of seating outside.  I don't know where to start, I guess I just love a breakfast place where they give big portions and the food is really knew and fresh.  I had the Country Beneditct -- their bendedict menu is perfection.  It was so good, you could taste the bacon in the gravy, it was delicious!  Didn't have any pancakes (huge regret).  I heard their french toast is fabulous too!  Great service, and tasty breakfast to start off your day!
3	I found out about Butters on the weekly Yelp emails and had to go check them out. I'm not often in the area, but if we're even remotely close by I'll make sure to go. It's a cute place- accessible and service tends to be great. They seat you quickly, in spite of a crowd that collects during peak hours. Really nice large, shaded patio. Keep in mind I've only gone there either by myself of with my husband though, so it's not as if they're trying to accommodate huge groups that show up at the last minute. I'm rating this place 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. It's solid, with a good brunch selection that is also great about catering to you if you're attempting to eat healthier. I've always subbed out my eggs for egg whites, and taste and flavor isn't compromised in the least. I've had the scrambled eggs with salmon, and built my own omelette as well. Their grits deserve an extra special mention- creamy and smooth and silky. I don't know that the cheese is really that much more awesome than the plain, it's just that good. Their bacon is also really great. It's a good stand by for when you want brunch. If I lived in the area I'd be a lot more regular. It's no cutting edge, creative brunch place, but the stuff that they do make is always on point, and is very good. Definitely worth a visit.
3	This bigger-than-it-looks restaurant is near my wife's office. We've passed by it so many times, but while we were out and about in the area on a day off we decided to stop in instead. We're very glad we did.We were told up front there'd be about a 10 minute wait. Might have been that long, but I'm really not sure. While we were waiting, we were just so fascinated watching the staff work it just didn't matter. Once seated, we were greeted quickly by our server who got us fresh squeezed orange juice (we watched it being squeezed before we sat down) and coffee.We both ordered the whole hog skillet (bacon, sausage, and ham on hash browns with eggs cooked to order). She had egg whites and a side of toast. I had eggs over easy and a side of pancakes, their signature dish. While the skillets were both great, the pancakes were even better. They were the lightest and fluffiest we've ever had.Service was exceptional and the efficiency of the staff in turning over tables and serving food and drinks prompted us to pull the manager aside to compliment the crew. Eating here was a great start to a fun day.Edited November 11, 2013: Five star review drops to three."No substitutions."In very tiny print at the bottom of their menu are the above two words. Today, my wife ordered breakfast to go which she's done many times. This time she asked for oatmeal with banana and cranberries, but wanted blueberries instead of cranberries. It was the first substitution she's asked for from them. She didn't see the very tiny print forbidding such a thing.The person on the phone told her in no uncertain terms that they didn't do substitutions. Then, she backtracked. Seems they actually do substitutions if you're willing to pay an extra couple of dollars.Now, that might not seem like much, but let's take a look at what she wanted to do.Substitute blueberries for cranberries.That's it.These are reasonably comparable products as far as price goes.There's no extra effort involved in using blueberries instead of cranberries aside from the person in the kitchen mixing the berries into the oatmeal having to pay attention to the order ticket.So, why in the world does it cost $2.00 to to make such a substitution?The only thing I can think of is the folks at Butters think so much of themselves and their exquisite taste in food combinations that to deign to stoop to the uneducated whims of their customers, they must penalize us for our horrid taste.As high quality as their food and service generally are, I personally won't set foot in their restaurant again. I don't feel the need to pay extra to someone to insult me.
4	Very clean. Fast, friendly efficient service. This place draws quite a crowd! Went for breakfast on a Friday morning and the place was buzzing. Not so much that we didn't get seated right away but when we left that wasn't the case. There was a line at the door. For good reason. The food is very good. I had the veggie omlet and I agree that this is one of the fluffiest omlets I've ever had. I also ordered grits and they are better than most. Very creamy, flavorful and not drenched in butter.  My friend had french toast and said it was also very good. Will definitely go back when we are again looking to have breakfast in Scottsdale.
3	I went here for a late Sunday brunch. I'm not often in the North Scottsdale area, but my boyfriend & I wanted to find a new place to have brunch so we decided to go up there before visiting the Musical Instrument Museum. We got there around 1:15 and was told it would be a 15 minute wait..well, it turned into about 30, which was kind of annoying but thankfully since they gave us a menu we knew exactly what we wanted to order when we were finally seated. I ordered the Eggs Verde, which is corn tortillas topped with black beans, cheese, eggs and salsa verde and it was supposed to come with hash browns. My boyfriend ordered ham and eggs with pancakes and hash browns. Shortly after ordering, the waitress indicated that they didn't have hash browns for my order so I opted to order fruit with mine. When our orders arrived, he had hash browns? It was a bit confusing...I'm not sure how you could run out of a breakfast staple such as potatoes? Our food was ready quite quickly and it was really delicious. I really enjoy Mexican breakfast food in general and was not disappointed. I even stole a bite of my boyfriend's pancakes and they were very tasty. The waitress was very attentive and friendly. Overall it's a great breakfast spot with a variety of options to choose from.I wish I could give it a solid 4 stars, although with the unexpected 30 minute wait and hash brown mystery I cannot. I'd be willing to check this restaurant out again though, if I'm ever up in North Scottsdale again.
5	My boyfriend, his parents, and I went here for our weekly Sunday brunch (we choose a different place each time) and loved it. I wasn't sure it would measure up to my neighborhood favorites; I feel a twinge of guilt saying that it surpassed them!I ordered the veggie skillet which came with a side of pancakes. I boxed half of the meal due to the giant serving size, which could be split between two people who'd prefer to eat a lighter breakfast. It was delicious. The pancakes were fluffy, sweet little clouds of perfection. :-DEveryone else enjoyed their choices, which included omelets, toast, and crepes. I highly recommend this restaurant. Oh--be prepared to wait thirty minutes on a Sunday.
3	Brunch with my friend today. Not surprised during the busy Sunday brunch rush, but it was a solid hour wait. The menu is typical. I ordered the protein power cakes (wheat, almonds, blueberries), and my friend ordered an egg white omlet.The food came out fast. Nothing spectacular but good. But not worth waiting an hour for.Also, our server, while very nice and prompt, was very thrown by a simple request my friend made. She wanted a cranberry juice with sprite mixed. The server said, I'm not sure if we can do that. I'm not sure to charge it as juice or soda. Do you want half and half, or more soda with splash of cranberry or more cranberry with splash of soda.... Huh? It should not have been that complicated, so we bristled about that a little.Cute place. Solid brunch. I'm not opposed to coming back but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	Plenty of food! Love this place!
4	Delicious food but long wait to get a table (I was here on a Saturday for brunch, of course) When we did sit, food came fast and service was good! Must have the pancakes!
4	Update: After visiting Vincent's on Camelback, I can no longer say that this is my favorite place for breakfast. I'm sorry, but Vincent's puts all breakfast/brunch spots to shame! :-D
5	Any restaurant that offers gluten-free options automatically gets a boost in my book...and their GF pancakes are delicious! They taste very similar to buttermilk pancakes. I had been craving pancakes for so long but am allergic to wheat, so when my friend told me about this place, I was so excited.Haven't tried the gluten-free Belgian waffles yet but that's next on my list.When the weather is nice, it can be a 45 minute wait for first-available seating on Sundays (that's when my boyfriend and I go), but they do offer a coffee and juice bar while you wait. I just wish they transformed more of their options to gluten-free.. I've been dying for some Eggs Benedict... Butters, please get some gluten-free English muffins so I can order some! :D
5	You know that any place named 'Butters' is gonna be good. There can be a long wait on weekends,but it is SO worth it. The menu is what you would expect, but the serving sizes are generous, the food comes quick and everything is delicious. The fried egg sandwich is a family favorite, as are the blueberry pancakes (gluten free!) and the wildberry crepes were mouth watering. Worth the wait, and lives up to it's delicious name :).
4	Their cheese grits are the best grits I have ever had...and this is in Arizona!!!  Fresh squeezed orange juice and flavorful dishes, makes Butters, my favorite breakfast place.
5	Gluten free pancakes and Belgian waffles = amazing! I ordered the GF waffle and by boyfriend ordered the New Mexico skillet & was able to get GF pancakes with that. We split everything & it was all delicious! We both loved the skillet a lot. The pancakes & waffle were great also. We got there around 9am on a Tuesday morning in March (Spring Training time) and it was pretty packed, but we were seated right away. It's a popular spot though. And you might get lucky (like we did) and see some famous baseball players/managers eating here as well. We'll definitely come back here when we visit again.
4	This is by far one of my favorite places to have breakfast. To eat here you must have time to wait. I've always had to wait for a seat. But the up side is that the food is decently priced and the portions are large enough to share between two. I'm always trying something different when I visit. The menu has a great selection of choices. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	This place is a Butterfield's spin off and it's really solid.  Our scrambles were excellent and the kids breakfast at $3.99 was an outstanding value.
5	5 stars simply because they call themselves a pancake & cafe place and they live up to it. The pancakes were the perfect amount of fluffy. Their syrup also A+. Specialty coffees A+. Most breakfast food places do the whole extremely huge portion that you'll never finish thing. This place gives you the perfect portion. Something you can actually finish! I will admit, the wait was a little long but well worth it.
5	Butter's has an incredible breakfast. I never realized this place is here as it's hidden off in an office complex in North Scottsdale @ Hayden and Via de Ventura. In reading about Butter's, it's apparently part of a 7-location Illinois-based pancake spot called Butterfield's. Having never tried either, we wandered in always looking for a better spot to enjoy breakfast.Fresh squeezed orange juice immediately jumped out as a "must try". Since, Panera acquired Paradise Bakery, there's no more fresh oj in this part of Scottsdale. Butter's delivered and it's way less "pulpy". There's a wide variety of breakfast selections from eggs, omelets, scrambles, pancakes, steelcut oatmeal, original skillets, fruits, pastries and even cheesy grits! Dining is available inside and outside and the booths are really comfortable.Service is excellent and the ambiance is really nice. This is a family friendly spot.Note, get here early as 830 is a serious wait!
4	Cant believe how busy it was on a Wed morning! About a 15 minute wait at 9:40 am. Very nice though, prompt service, freshly squeezed fresh OJ, lots of choice. Food was fresh delicious and served quickly. Approx $9 for each item (omelette, burrito, pancakes, eggs benedict). NE corner of Hayden and Via de Ventura. Nice patio with umbrellas and misters.
5	I kind of wish everyone else wasn't giving it 5 stars.  Now I have a 30-40 minute wait every time I go.  But it is worth it.  The coffee is terrific and my new favorite Banana & Nutella crepes are to die for.
5	I actually found this place while looking up a place that had been on a Food Network show for Phoenix (we were on vacation and trying to eat our way through the town).  It ended up that this was just minutes from our hotel and even on a MONDAY there was a wait.  That was a great sign.  We polled a few people outside about what we should get and were given some great advice.  If/when I am in Arizona again, I will go here again for sure!!!  We got a mixture of savory and sweet and it was divine!  Food Network really missed out and should have picked this place!!!
5	After trying Butterfield's Pancake House I decided to try its sister venue Butters.  WOW this place is just as good as Butterfields if not better.The first time I went there I ordered the Eggs Benedict which were dissappointingly small howevere with the side of fresh buttermilk pancakes it was just the right amount.  If they somehow made the portions bigger I would never order anything else on the menu EVER AGAIN!The second time I went back was with my girlfriend and we had both had a long night of partying and drinking the night before.  I knew walking in that the small eggs benedict would not help with this hangover so I opt'd for the build your own omlet.  I ordered an egg white omlet with bacon tomatoes, onions, green peppers and avocado.The plate came out and I knew right away it was love at first site.  It was enormous, and oozing with cheese. Just what the doctor ordered.  My girlfriend got the banana bread french toast and we each got sides of bacon and sausage and split some pancakes.  The homemade The two main dishes were amazing and the thick cut bacon was a great sponge for the alcohol sitll in our system.I can not say enough good things about both Butterfields and Butters.  If I had to choose I would choose Butters, though the menus are very similar Butters seemed to have more of my demographic dining there (mid 20's early 30's) young and energetic.  Butterfield's is more of the family spot or the spot for grandma and grandpa.  I will definitely be going to both again.KEEP UP THE GREAT WORKPS- please make your eggs benedict larger!!! :)
5	Another great Butter's run. This is an awesome place for fresh, fresh, fresh OJ!!! The steelcut oats are also really great!Great service, but no wifi.
5	One of the best breakfast spots in Arizona! As you would expect with the name, the pancakes are amazing!They have some great healthy options as well, and they are very cool about subbing out things or ordering something completely custom. Everything I ordered was great and I always leave absolutely stuffed because I just want to keep eating. Definitely going to come back here more often.There is a wait a lot of times, but the staff does a good job moving people around and communicating to the customers. All around an excellent breakfast spot! Great food & great service.
5	Stopped in while on vacation in Arizona.  The food was delicious, service was excellent, and I loved the fact you could see into the kitchen.  You gotta love it when you leave a restaurant and wish you had one just like it in your own neighborhood.
5	Excellent strawberry and marscapone pancakes.  Excellent, (huge) Mexicana omelette and tasty, pan-fried hash browns. Granola breakfast sundae looked delicious (yes, I was eyeing our neighbors' table).  Coffee comes with cream (not creamer). Open, bright and comfortable setting.  Quick and courteous service.  Expect a wait if you come after 8:30am on a weekend.  Would visit again if I were in the area.
5	I seriously may move to Scottsdale Arizona so I can eat at butters everyday.... This place rocks in so many ways... Fresh OJ (not the murderer), fluffy  omelettes with chorizo and green chile sauce...Homemade stuffed  pancakes... Corn beef hash... Egg scramblers... Skillets... Beautiful employees... Clean tables.. It's like I died and went to breakfast heaven. Seriously, no negatives here.
5	Super yummy!  I have only had their lunches but I hear breakfast is amazing.  I recommend the turkey jalapeno press, the Biltmore Club chicken sandwhich or the chorizo burger.  Their salads are also lovely.
4	Very nice place the misters outside really helped make it cool. The food was good not very much seasoning but overall it was good.
4	The pancakes are fluffy and light; outstandingly great.  We ate outside on a Wednesday and enjoyed the fresh air.  Service was good with immediate seating.  Inside is plain, traditional old style pancake house.  The pancakes and orange juice are definitely worth the trip though.
3	Good breakfast...  Prompt service...  But nothing remarkable.
5	All the normal breakfast staples served in a great atmosphere.  I was amazed at the speed at which our breakfast arrived.  I mean quick, like lightning fast.I hope to return soon.
5	I came here yesterday with a friend and we LOVED it! The food was delicious, the service was fast & great, and the restaurant was nicely decorated & clean. We are from Florida and will definitely return to Butters before we leave!
5	Had a great breakfast here today. Their pancakes are wonderful! My daughter loved the Mickey Mouse pancake and ate nearly everything on her plate. My friend had the Eggs Benedict which they said was delicious and I tried the bacon, eggs, hash browns and pancakes all of which were very very tasty. Also the fresh squeezed orange juice is very good. Service is great too.
4	Loved this very clean restaurant & fast, friendly service. Had florentine eggs Benedict; spinach, egg & muffin perfect, but sauce a bit bland, but maybe that's just my taste - freshness & presentation were perfect. That sauce is the only reason for the 4 stars. I'm eager to go back again & try more stuff - so much looks good!
4	Butters is close to my office so I must say in this review I'm a bit biased because they are so convenient for lunch and always get my to go order ready really quickly. My constants are either the cobb salad with honey mustard or the California chicken club with French fries. I'm unhealthily addicted to the French fries and would put the honey mustard dressing on absolutely anything I would eat ever. It's home made and delicious. Now the reason this is only a 4 star is your pricing. $3.45 for 3 scrawny pieces of bacon that are as thin as 2 pencils put next to each other? really? And over $5.00 for an Orange Juice? I know it's Scottsdale but re-visit that pricing structure Butters! Either way, my wallet may eternally be unhappy with me, but I will continue to be loyal because of the convenience and the consistency of deliciousness.
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast places of all time.  The strawberry cheesecake french toast is my favorite along with the berry pancakes or french toast both are good.  I tried the corned beef hash skillet and it was okay.  The waiter is hit or miss on service sometimes but the food makes up for it. I just don't like when people try to force me to take food that I did not ask for.  Its like i specifically asked for something why would I want something else???Oh well. I love their food.
4	Great spot for breakfast/brunch! Portions are very large. Staff seems decent. Expect to wait on the weekends. The misters on the patio do not work the best, wait a little longer to sit inside during the summer.
5	I discovered their Mexicana omelette on this past trip. This was ordered with egg whites, a side of fruit and their famous 6 pound biscuit. OK, it's not 6 pounds but you feel like you gained this after eating the decadent biscuit. The Mexican Omelette has chorizo sausage, avocado, onion & your choice of cheese. My choice was a spicy jack cheese. The entire dish is smothered in a YUMMY mexico green chile sauce. This is really outstanding. Fresh OJ, Good coffee and the above dish couple with great service. You'd think this place would be packed? The bad news is, it is packed!!! Get here early and you'll get a good booth spot.
5	My husband and I tried Butters for the first time yesterday. We both thoroughly enjoyed it. The wait at 11:00 on Saturday was about 30 minutes. We waited outside in the heat, when it is over 100* it's uncomfortable.Just before our buzzer went off I noticed people getting their buzzer and then heading to the coffee joint a couple doors down. Note to self for my next visit. We had coffee with fresh cream, amazed at the fresh cream. I thought the decaf was Very good. Not bitter at all. Husband ordered OJ and raved about it. He insisted I try his, and then I ordered one for myself. I would say that was the best OJ we've ever had. What to order... There is such variety in the menu that it was difficult to choose. I went with the corned beef skillet and pancakes. Yum!! The pancakes were nice and light. Oh so good! The corned beef was a bit sparse in the dish, but it was still very good. Butters owners must have listened to previous Yelpers and updated the hash browns, we loved the very thin cut and browned potatoes.Husband ordered the usual eggs, bacon, English muffin and hash brown. He enjoyed it all. His over hard eggs were cooked to perfection for him. We also shared the apple crepes. Heaven on earth! Never having had crepes before, I am hooked! Husband is a crepe lover and said these were the fluffiest he's ever had. I can't wait to go back and try the banana and Nutella version. It will have to be soon. About the service...it was decent. Nothing spectacular. The waitress really didn't have much personality. However, she tended to our needs very well. Something I thought was odd. They give you the bill without a check folder  and you are to pay your server. So we had to lay out a $100 that we wanted to break. I don't know why that bothers me. But I don't think I would want my credit card laying out either. Again, just something minor.
4	I used to love Butterfield's, but when Butters opened and I tried my loyalty switched...Butters is my favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale. Not only have I not had anything bad on the menu, but they will make everything on their menu healthier. They will use egg white or Pam instead of butter upon request and they are really good about substituting potatoes or breads whereas a lot of other restraints are more difficult about these things or you don't know how something is being cooked. Aside from just being able to get a healthy breakfast, their scrambles are delicious! And if you are in the mood for a treat they have great pancakes and their bacon is probably the best I have had in the area. Also, the juices are fresh, the coffee is good and the coffee drinks are wonderful! It is really hard to get a table at Butters over the weekend, so go at an off time if you can to try it!
5	dang gummit....how much tastier can breakfast get???? worth a 30 minute wait on a sunday morning? i guess so!i ordered the wildberry pancakes....3 medium sized pancakes, stuffed with marscapone, drizzled with a wildberry compote, with a side of blueberries and strawberries. it took me about 3 minutes! it was delicious (and i was hungry after my mtn bike ride). my buddy ordered an omelette....with a side of bacon. not really knowing how gigantic their portions are. he could only eat half his omelette and potatoes it was just so much food. he said the food was "damn, thas good".i just think their menu has tons of great looking/tasting food. i would love to check all their items off my list! on cooler days, i'm sure they open the patio, but it's just too darn hot right now.breakfast entrees range from 7-9 bucks average.
5	All I have to say is this is hands-down, bar-none, the best breakfast I have ever tasted in my life--no joke. In fact, after dining there yesterday morning, I had to stop the restaurant manager to let him know how impressed I was with the entire Butters experience. I am from Toronto and was visiting Arizona this past weekend. Since breakfast is my favourite! meal of the day, I was searching for the perfect spot in Arizona, and thank goodness I found it! Let me break down what I love about Butters:Food:Pancakes and orange juice, pancakes and orange juice, oh my goodness can I say that ten times. I cannot describe into words how amazing these two items are on the menu--and this is coming from a girl who loooooves pancakes and has been on the hunt for years for the best pancakes. Well, thanks to Butters I finally found it. They are light, fluffy, and literally mouth-watering. The orange juice comes out of this really cool machine and the taste is like nothing you've ever had! fresh, sweet, amazing!Service:All of the staff was so attentive and professional. Not annoying or pretentious. The food was served quickly and came out hot and wonderful!Atmosphere:The place is really chic, but warm and inviting. I went with my family, but Butters would also be the perfect date spot, or a spot to hang out with friends for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday.Overall, I can't wait to go back to Butters on my next trip to Arizona!
5	Family favorite of all the breakfast places we tried in Scottsdale. We have two gluten-free eaters, so the pancakes here were a welcome surprise, and even the non-gluten people agreed that they were the best we've tasted. Service was good, coffee was good, prices are fair. If you seek a something for everyone place for breakfast, this is it.
5	No wait, friendly staff, accommodating for my kids menu needs, and having a great menu selection to boot, I have found a jewel of a breakfast place. I would recommend this to anyone whose favorite meal of the day is breakfast.
5	As good as it gets describes our breakfast experience at Butters this morning.  We arrived just as they opened, so there was not much activity.  The grapefruit juice was fresh squeezed Ruby Red Grapefruit - not too bitter: just the right amount of sweetness.My wife had the classic buttermilk pancakes, and they were excellent.  I had the Corned Beef Hash Skillet, and that was the best corned beef hash I've eaten.  The potatoes are thin sliced and sauted with onions, then the shaved corned beef is added toward the end to heat it through, using lean corned beef.The flavor blend was perfect.  Prices were less than many other breakfast places in the area: All around excellent breakfast experience.
5	I love brunch. Like, a lot. Butters is totally worth the wait (~20-30 min) and has an amazingly long menu where every item looks delicious. I got two eggs, sausage links, cheese grits, and specialty pancakes (something with berries and marscapone and butter). This all came together and didn't seem like a lot when ordering but turned out to be WAY too much. Enough for me to take home and eat for breakfast the next day. I also got the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and it complimented my meal well. The waitress and hostesses were all really nice and the location was easy to find too. I will definitely be coming back!
5	Wow!   Ate here for first time yesterday and am very impressed.   Food was perfect.   The loved the atmosphere.   The wait to be seated was about 30 minutes but worth the wait.    The scrambled eggs were by far the best I have ever had.
2	I've been to Butters five times now, and it's gotten progressively less impressive. The 30 minute plus wait in the heat, extremely loud interior, feeling like I'm being rushed out of my table...and the quality of the food is incredibly variable (sometimes, the has browns are soggy and undercooked. The next weekend, half of them are burned. IHOP has more consistent quality).Yes, the eggs Benedict is delicious and the OJ is awesome, so it's not the worst place to eat, especially for first timers. Despite all of the problems, and feeling that the waitresses absolutely do not want to be there, I kept coming here for the Wildberry Toast.  However, they completely changed the recipe. As of last Wednesday, there is no longer a Wildberry filling, instead, they placed the cream topping between two slices of French toast, and sloppily drizzle some of the Wildberry topping from the previous version.  The menu doesn't reflect the changes (yet). Butters could be so much better--with more attentive wait staff and attention to quality of the food. Unfortunately, I'll be looking for a new Scottsdale breakfast location for now.
5	Service professional, all items ordered come on timely manner, all items ordered were excellent, surprisingly they're able to maintain quality across all items ordered.
4	Great place to have breakfast.Good food. Good Coffee. Good service.Nice ambiance. Nice sized portions.What more do you want. No brainer if you're in this part of Scottsdale.
3	Honestly, I don't get the hype....After all to me it's just a diner...and I don't like the vibe inside...feels like a retirement home dining room...Were the pancakes I had the best I ever had...no, they weren't...They were passable...If you want bomb pancakes, my first choice is still Perk...What I do like about Butters is the fresh squeezed OJ...now that was awesome...What really made my day at Butters is the fact that a member of the US Army came in to surprise his girlfriend and propose to her...She had no clue he was coming that is...it did not seem staged for the cameras that is...as generally I see that stuff on TV that's about it...That was really sweet to witness such a moment....I had more my eyes on the cool Army stud in uniform, and you can call me a homo...I'm okay with that ah!Service was OK...but yes, bottom line, I prefer Perk Eatery for the food...
1	EVERYTHING IS GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOOD on purpose -  Not real sure what all the fuss is about this place.  It is an average place.  nothing stood out except that they purposely use genetically modified ingredients, they never use anything organic on purpose. everything you eat in here is genetically modified per the manager who does not believe in organic food...the orange juice is fresh squeezed so what we fresh squeeze our own o.j. daily and tastes the same as here...do not use the pancake syrup on the table it is not made by butters, per the waitress and the manager is it store bought with high fructose corn syrup and a little bit of maple then transferred into their own bottles...I did not like the fact if you want regular 100% maple syrup they will charge you $1.00 for it...which is unheard of...according to Chris the manager, if we gave away the really expensive healthy maple syrup they we would have to raise the prices...which is basically incorrect...I have never been in a restaurants which charge for pure maple syrup and the prices of other places are less expensive than butter's...The manager Chris needs help, his opinions about GMO being healthy and good for you are ignorant.. as well as him thinking they are too good to offer customers coupons...We will not be back to this place, the food was just okay nothing fancy and certainly not healthy with all genetically modified ingredients..avoid
5	Food and service was excellent! I had the minced ham and cheddar scramble. My husband had the Swedish pancakes.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff and great food.  Waitress refilled our drinks regularly. Always a good practice!
4	We really like this place.  A great option is ordering a pancake plate one of the skillets and splitting the two so you get the best of both worlds - sweet and savory!  We usually do the chocolate chip pancakes and the corn beef hash skillet (so good) and split them.  If you order only one of these options, go for the hash.The coffee bar has a great mocha that isn't too be missed out on, if you are into coffee.  You may have to wait for a few minutes if it is a weekend morning (especially church crowd eating time on Sunday), but it's worth a wait.  Service is usually quick and friendly.  Overall: AMmmmmm.
5	Great food, greater service.My husband and I went to Butters while on a business trip.  I read about the place on Yelp.  The crepes were fantastic and so was the scrambler. We enjoyed our breakfast so much, thanks especially to our very sweet waitress, Lauren, we came back the second day and again had the pleasure to be seated in the same booth with the same server.  She is absolutely a delight.  My husband really loved the chorizo scrambler and I loved the crepes and the grits.  The orange juice is wonderful and so is the coffee.  We will definitely come back on our next trip to Scottsdale.  Thank you Butters and thanks Lauren!!!!
4	Picked up lunch to go after finding this joint of yelp. My chicken cranberry salad was really good...chicken breast was sliced thin and I liked the balsamic dressing. The boys were super happy with their turkey clubs. Fast and friendly service.
5	Best orange juice around. Reason enough. However, the food is fresh, eggs are great and not your typical grease job, and the service is always friendly.  A bit on the pricey side, so it's more a monthly place than a weekly place.  Still, a great shout for a great morning.
5	This is our weekly weekend breakfast spot. It is as good as everyone says it is. If you go at peak brunch time, plan accordingly. There will be a wait. Probably at least 30 minutes. Here is how we do it: Put your name on the list. Ask for the patio if it's open. Go next door to Village Coffee. Get something to sip on and chill out while you wait. I'm not usually a breakfast person, but this is good. Likely one of the best I've had. The OJ is fresh squeezed. The staff is helpful and attentive, but not overly so. When it's nice out, the patio is great (that's why we live here, right?). I go with the World's Pickiest Eater (gotta love her) and she over-complicates her order with special instructions every time. They always get it right. The small wins add up for me.
5	This is a sister restaurant to Butterfields which is a few miles away. We discovered it when we couldn't get into Butterfields.  You would think they would be the same and there are similarities but I like this one better. The pancakes and egg dishes are similar and better than most. Service is good. The wait is still an issue but waiting area outside is a little more comfortable. This also feels more like a neighborhood or locals place. It is our favorite for a regular Sunday morning breakfast.
5	There are few places that the portion side is this big and the price so low! The orange juice was incredible; omelet was on point! Would return in a heartbeat!
5	We are here vacationing for a few days and wanted a yummy breakfast. I found a few places on Yelp, Butters had the best reviews. It was phenomenal! My boyfriend and I both ordered the Mexicana omelette and a side of wild berry stuffed crepes. The fresh squeezed OJ is to die for. The omelet were so light and fluffy, stuffed with. Chorizo, avocado,onion, cheddar cheese and topped with green chile sauce...delicious'nnWe generally eat light and small meals, but we devoured our breakfast. Totally recommend
4	Looking for that one go to breakfast place in Scottsdale / Phoenix area, this is a good place but my standard is still the Hash House A Go Go in San Diego's Hillcrest area.Had the Create your Omelette with Corn Beef Hash and Mushrooms with Hash Browns and Oreo S'more Pancakes. The Omelette was as big as a Chipotle Burrito but was lacking a little flavor and Corn Beef Hash. The Oreo S'more Pancakes were pretty good and a very creative combination, have to give them props on that portion.We also ordered the fresh squeezed OJ and was very good. They have a machine that loads up oranges and then feeds it into the machine to generate the fresh squeezed juice and it is very good and can not get any more fresh.The inside decor is classic and very nice with the area around in a nice shopping area, we went of a Monday late afternoon where there was no wait. Will come back again to try other pancakes or breakfast items and maybe the salads or the Strawberry Cheesecake French Toast. Definitely like the different dishes that they offer.
4	Whole Hog Skillet is the way to order, packed with sausage, bacon & ham. This is for the hungry appetite! Coffee here is delicious & it's from a local company! If you plan on visiting over the weekend... Go early to beat the rush!! I'm a regular here!!
4	We were traveling in Arizona and I always use Yelp to find the best places to go to and Butters was one of those places. We went for breakfast/brunch on a Saturday and I had their wildberry bliss pancakes which were more than blissful. The wait time was a bit on the long side, but the food was worth it. It was also a bit crowded and the tables are very cramped, but since it was so hot nobody was using the patio, so that may have alleviated things. I'd love to go back and try some of their omelets and other savory menu items.
4	Finally made it to Butters this AM - wish I had made it out sooner - THE FOOD WAS GREAT!I had the Eggs Benedict Florentine w/ Breakfast Sausage and Cheese Grits. I don't normally order Eggs Benedict when I'm eating out because most places just don't seem to get it right - not the case here and they actually offer a variety of options in how you can have it. I brought a friend / colleague for an early AM session - they open at 630 (that's a plus) - we both ate comfortably for $20 plus tip. Service was good - the staff was kind - portions generous, combined with the overall experience was what will be keeping me coming back!!!
5	Had breakfast here twice while on a short four day trip in AZ. Loved the food. A lot of choice, yummy pancakes, eggs Benedict, good coffee. I only wish I could move this place to Wilmington, DE!
4	Wow! I absolutely loved eating breakfast here!  The Wild Berry Bliss pancakes were truly amazing! I guess you can't go wrong with fluffy marscapone filled vanilla cream pancakes. We read other Yelp reviews and found this to be a fan favorite! If you ever want a true taste of happiness in your mouth, then I urge you to order this!Irish Benny - For some reason, I've always loved the Irish fare of corned beef hash, but Butters restaurant decided to combine it ingeniously with eggs benedict, and voila! A match made in heaven! The hollandaise sauce covering eggs benedict with corned beef with a side of scalloped breakfast potatoes harmoniously complemented each other well, and I would not hesitate to order this dish again!My hubby ordered the Mexicana omelet and the chorizo had just the right amount of spice. He couldn't stop talking about the right texture and fluffiness of his omelet either. He's always picky about how his omelets are prepared and they really hit the mark here!Don't sweat the wait here, it is far worth it to experience breakfast here! I just wish it was a lot closer or at least had a branch on the northwest side of the valley because we would come here a lot  more if they did!
5	Place is AMAZING!  Food is great, service is great, and atmosphere is delightful.  Everything is fresh and their restaurant branded syrup is so good!
5	The food has always been consistent when we come here. Best of all, it gets to you fast, hot, fresh AND CORRECT. I am always amazed when we go, sit down and order, how quickly my order gets to my table. Great place.
2	Meh, it's ok. Eggs were sub-par, corn beef hash was out of the can, bacon was chewy and cold. Pancakes were pretty good, but you can find similar quality at other places. Service was extremely quick but server was a bit disconnected. All in all, i'd pass.
4	Great place with super-fast & friendly service & plenty of great options (including gluten free). We headed here on a Saturday morning for breakfast and as all the other reviews note, it was packed, and there were several people waiting for a table, especially since everyone was requesting indoor seating due to the chilly morning. Don't be turned off by this. Despite the wait we were seated in less than 10 minutes (what we were quoted) and after we ordered our food, it was out in less than 10 minutes.Gluten free eaters, you are in luck. Choose from a variety of skillets, omelets, and egg scrambles as well as gluten free pancakes or gluten free Belgian waffles! I ordered the New Mexico skillet and chose the gluten free pancakes and a cup of fruit as sides. I was pleasantly surprised that there was no up-charge for the two GF pancakes as other places usually tack on at least $2 extra! Pancakes were really good - not super dry & crumbly as most GF pancakes tend to be and the skillet was spicy and tasty. This is also a great breakfast option for those that have no dietary restrictions as they can also choose from some unique french toast options, french crepes, breakfast burritos and plenty of oatmeal options.Service was on point - the minute our plates were done, they were picked up, our waters and coffee were filled like clock-work and this was all done without making us feel rushed at all. Also, unlike a lot of other places in Scottsdale, this place was unpretentious, plenty of older people, kids, and college students clearly hung over in their pjs - no need to primp for this place. Would definitely stop by here again & try to eat out in the patio!
5	Butters Pancakes & Cafe is a solid breakfast spot in Scottsdale. The place is usually slammed on the weekends but honestly it's worth the wait, grab a coffee and relax in the usually insanely perfect Arizona weather. I got their Corned Beef hash skillet which was super good - it came with hash browns, jack and cheddar cheese and 2 eggs of my choice. It's served with Pancakes or toast, I ordered the pancake which I was thrilled about because the pancake was perfection! My friend got the eggs verde which was corn tortilla, black beans, jack cheese, 2 eggs (any style), and topped with green new mexico chile sauce. Served with hash browns or grits. They were super thrilled with their selection as well. Coffee was good and they have fresh squeezed OJ as well!  Def worth a visit if your looking for some solid breakfast food!
5	Here we are back in Scottsdale a year later and the first place we go for breakfast is Butter's. It is absolutely as good as we remembered!!  We are in town for 9  days and plan to have breakfast here multiple times.
5	The BEST BREAKFAST restaurant in Phoenix. The pancakes and the grits are second to none. When people ask where they should go to breakfast this is the first place I tell them.The service is always pretty good and I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to be seated.
4	The wait is usually pretty long,  but well worth it. My favorite dish is the lox and cream cheese scrammbler. If you're in the.Scottsdale area, Butters is a must go place for breakfast or brunch
5	Delish!  Coffee, fresh squeezed orange juice, pancakes, French toast, eggs & bacon - check, check & check!  All were amazing and fresh.  Prices were really reasonable especially for the freshness and quality.  It was worth the drive from N. Phx - will go again as soon as we can, so many things I'm dying to try!
4	Love the salmon omelette, fresh OJ & great pancakes! Family friendly, but unfortunately waits can be very long. Patio is not always open even on busy days - makes no sense to me.
5	I love Butters! Great food! Everything I've ordered has been delicious but the chocolate chip pancakes are amazing as is the baked potato omelette. Yes; it is a long wait on the weekend but to me it's like "Um duh; people go out to breakfast on the weekend! What do you expect?" But I completely disagree with the people that say it's not worth the wait- IT IS; TRUST ME! This Scottsdale princess prone to extreme "hanger" (hunger induced anger if you aren't familiar with this term) would not wait for an hour on a Sunday if it wasn't worth it. Plus, once you're seated the service is actually super fast and they are good natured about customizing things which is good to know if you're picky like I can be. If you are a fan of breakfast you will be a fan of Butters.
3	Butters used to be one of my favorite breakfast places. Great food and great service! however i have started to notice the quality of the food starting to decline which is such a shame. I got the smoked salmon platter and it wasn't as fresh as I would have liked. This has happened to me probably twice. I also got the eggs benedict and it was super runny almost as if it was barely poached. Although I used to go to butters a couple times a month without complaint these incidents were my most recent visits to butters causing me to second guess my choice of going back.
4	Very good breakfast place. i had the stuffed french toast and it was awesome....my friend raves how the gluten free pancakes are also fantastic....my other friend had a skillet dish that was consumed in great haste. The coffee was good, not great,....our waitress was flawless.  The negatives which are kind of not Butters fault is upon arriving at 10:30, which is kind of in between breakfast and lunch in theory, we experienced a 25 min wait. I guess this is the only breakfast place in the area. I'm from the west side so I dont know but a restauranteur could make some money opening up in the area and get Butters overflow. I very much enjoy Butters but I am not waiting 25 min for breakfast in the late morning during the week and would go elsewhere next time. For some reason the outdoor area was closed so I guess Butters could have done something about the wait times....because it was perfectly fine to eat outside weatherwise.    And because of the packed restaurant inside ....it was very loud so if that is a concern....this is not your place. And because so many people are waiting for your table....lingering is really not an option.    The other plus factor is it being north Scottsdale they do get some very hot women partaking in the cusine. Yum!
5	Butters is BY FAR my favorite place in the Valley to get breakfast. The staff is always friendly, and the food is amazing. Every time I go I order the Denver omelette made with egg whites and feta cheese. It is so light and fluffy, and always comes out served hot. The I order it served with has browns and either toast/pancakes. The pancakes and syrup here are definitely a must-try! Much better than IHOP or Wildflower. I always make it a priority to order their orange juice as well, as it comes fresh-squeezed from the oranges that they keep stocked in the front of the restaurant. Just as a heads up, if you plan on going on the weekends, make sure you go with enough time to spare because the place is ALWAYS PACKED! Not a huge problem though if you come with good company and good conversation.
5	Hands down, one of the best breakfast spots in all of Phoenix/Scottsdale! Always packed so make reservations just in case! Their denver omelette is to crave for.
4	Very good breakfast. Loved the stacked pancakes stuffed with marscapone. Very generously sized omelletes. But alas be prepared for a wait. Min 20 minutes on Sundays, if you come after 1 it isn't as bad.
5	I am from Georgia and was very surprised at how good the grits are.  They must have Georgia cooks!!!  Ali is our waitress and she was fantastic.  We will probably eat here tomorrow!
3	Fresh orange juice here is delicious. It's cool that you can get pancakes instead of toast with your eggs. The eggs were just ok though and this place is very busy on the weekend. Friendly staff but food isn't really special. Food is good but not amazing.
5	Chose this restaurant because of its proximity to The Butterfly Wonderland.  What a pleasant surprise. Sunday morning, about ten o'clock, half hour wait for six was definitely worth it. The food superb, the orange juice outrageous, the service was fast and friendly. Thank you Butters for what may be the best breakfast we ever had.
4	I was so glad that my cousin and his girlfriend introduced me to Butters!! I had the Florentine Benny and a pancake. Despite the large portion, I finished it all with ease because the food was so good! In fact, I even had some of my cousin's girlfriend's Country Benny, and it was very rich and tasty! We went on a Saturday and the wait was quite long since they were super busy.
3	I have wanted to try this place for a while now and finally had the chance when my dad came to visit. We went on a Monday morning around 10am and the place was packed. Granted, it was mainly retired folk (or snowbirds). Despite being packed, we only waited about 5 minutes before a table was ready for us. We were taken to the back of the restaurant and sat in a booth with a window view. Our waitress was extremely quick to show up and take drink orders. I asked about the biscuits and gravy and she offered me a small taste of the gravy. I thought this was really nice of her and since it tasted pretty good, I ordered the biscuits and gravy with eggs over easy. My dad ordered the Mexican egg burrito with sauce on top. In less than 10 minutes, our food arrived. My dad dug into his burrito and thought it was the best thing ever. I tried a small bite and it was good. My B&Gs were good, but after several bites into the dish, it was just too much. (I like a lot of sausage in my gravy and this one was lacking.) Definitely not the best B&Gs I've had and I wouldn't order them again from here if I came back.  Butter's has a lot of other tasty sounding items on their menu, but overall I wasn't impressed. There are a lot of other great breakfast places in Scottsdale that I'd much rather frequent.
5	I love this breakfast restaurant. It usually has a wait on the weekend mornings but they give you a pager and it's right near a lake - so just go for a walk while you wait - and weather permitting - get patio seating. The food is excellent. I ordered the skillet with blueberry pancakes. It was delicious! Make sure to request REAL maple syrup though, as they have the fake stuff at the table. Everything was delicious, eggs, hashbrowns and veggies all fresh and cooked perfectly. A nice way to start the day and also a good place to bring friends and family from out of town.
5	This place has great food and great service. So good we came here multiple times on vacation. Will definitely make it one of my first stops next time I come back.
4	Behold, the power of turning tables! Butters won't win you over with their A-quality fare -- though it is competent and reasonably turned out -- but holy cats is their service zippy. Considerable lines on weekdays during spring training go through with clockwork efficiency. Speedy and attentive service with a smile -- the thing that really impressed me most about this place. As others have mentioned, I can only imagine what the waits must be like on the weekend, and frankly don't intend to find out.
4	We found this place with the help of Yelp. Very good location (not far away from our hotel) and last but not least... possible to sit outside in the sun !We went several times back, so that means a lot :) Very friendly and fast service. For us important : fresh made ! Never without coffee... Taste and quality always perfect.Price/quality OK. I recommend this place and I will come back when I'm here.
5	I live in the southeast valley (Gilbert) but will take the occasional trip out to Scottsdale to eat the great breakfast served at Butters.  The omelets are large and full of flavor, especially with the fresh baby spinach.  The hash browns are wonderful too.  Great atmosphere whether with family, friends, or coworkers...especially outside when the weather is nice.
4	This was the best breakfast I have ever had.Everything coffee, OJ, eggs, service was outstanding.Only draw back was the long wait to get in but it is worth the wait.
5	Excellent breakfast!  Very economical!!  We arrived on Saturday at 11:15 and were seated at 12:00. The 45 minutes flew by and were well worth the wait. I had the California scrambler, and to my joy and surprise I had a choice of grits!!!  It is rare that restaurants offer grits. And these grits were the best I have ever had!!  Ever!! Creamy and a bit cheesy, excellent!!  My husband had the banana nut bread french toast-WOW!!  And our two 6 yr old twin girls devoured their pancakes and scrambled eggs. All in all, we will most definitely be back!
5	Wait is pretty long but worth it I'd highly recommend you come with the entire family not the biggest place in the world but food is good and if you like smoothies strawberry cheesecake French toast this place is top notch definitely skip IHOP snowbirds flock to this place so be careful also during spring training all the baseball players go here
5	My favorite place for breakfast. Great ambiance, stellar food and quality service. Nice patio. The orange squeezing machine is entertaining.
2	Been here 3 times. first time unimpressed with anything but figured everyone deserves a second chance.  food was mediocre at best, not bad but not good. service was amateur at best, pancakes were tough, over easy where over medium well. Bacon cold and limp, probably sits in a pan off to the side.  Was meeting a friend there today  at 9:30.  had to wait 15 min. for a table, not bad.  got called for the table at 9:28am.  went to the hostess stand and without saying hi the commandant said "if your other party is not here I will need to put you back on the list"  I said he is in the parking lot, he just txted me.  "I cannot seat you and will need to put you back on the list to wait for a table"  wow, I was blown away.  there is nothing about this place that is worth waiting for, let alone to be treated like that. this goofy accent rude hostess needs to learn some manners.  The owners need to get a clue.  There are plenty of awesome places for breakfast but this is not one of them. Don't waste your time.
5	This place is really good, hit hit all the points of a good breakfast restaurants, nice, clean, courteous staff AWESOME Food, we waited 12 minutes to ge seated, which is perfectly fine with me because the food is great.
5	Best breakfast in Scottsdale! Omg! I had a whole hog skillet with scrambled cheese eggs, my brother had the same with a sunny side egg. My sister had wild berry bliss toast. Also ordered the biscuits and gravy with a side of cheese grits. Ordered so much to sample due to the amazing delicious looking images provided by Yelpers. We spent about 65 bucks including tip. Well worth it.
5	This is our second time coming here when we visit. We can't imagine a better breakfast place from the Benedict's, to the Oreo s'mores pancakes they have something for everyone.   Breakfast is under 10 a person unless you order the fresh squeezed oj then you might need to sell one of your kidneys but its worth it.
5	The bestest place for breakfast! The Irish Egg Benny and Florentine Benny are one of the best egg Benedict we have had in US and Asia. There is always a long queue but with the pager system, it's ok to wait out the 10-15mins, and the food is certainly worth the wait!
5	Love Butters! Perfect pancakes, tasty turkey bacon, gourmet grits, creamy caramel macchiato,  fresh squeezed orange juice, and quick, efficient service! Nummmy!
3	Happy Easter!!!! We decided to have brunch and celebrate Easter after a few days of fasting and abstinence. After getting vetoed by the wifey on the choice of brunch location, we ended up at Butters Pancake & Cafe. I don't know if it's just because of Easter brunch or if this is a usual Sunday wait but we waited for our seat for 40 mins. Could be a good sign that the food is that good or a bad sign that the service is really slow (after finishing the meal, I found out that it was the good food that made the line. Actual food service was really really fast). We were given a patio table on a 80 degree sunny day. Good thing they have mist all over the patio area that made the whole place cool. The patio was right beside a fountain that made you feel like enjoying a scene from a french movie. The food... I ordered California Scrambler with a side of fresh fruit and protein power pancakes. My wife got a Veggie omelette with a side of french toast. The California scrambler was very original for my taste (maybe its because I never lived in California) because of the avocado mixed together with the scrambled eggs. It worked for me. Just enough yum for my taste. The protein pancake was really good. Maybe its my love for cinnamon but I think it is also the texture added by the nuts and oats that made me want to finish my plate.My wife had a veggie omelette. It was a little bland for my taste. I would have liked a little more salt and pepper but my wife loved it. Maybe it was the swiss cheese that made her finish her plate. Overall, the place is nice. The food is a little above the usual. Anything special? My brunch, not so much. They do deserve another visit to be fair and to try their lunch menu. Would I come back? Yes.more reviews on http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	This is our go to spot for breakfast on the weekends!   We always have friendly servers. The food is delicious every time we go.  Typically I'll get the corned beef hash skillet, and my wife gets the chocolate chip pancakes. We then do what any sane people with multiple delicious food options on the table would do...split it!  ha ha.  The only down side is this place is so popular there's always a wait to get it, but it's well worth it.  We've been to many breakfast places in the greater Phoenix area, and this is hands down my favorite!
5	Great place for breakfast, nice outdoor seating and something for everyone on the menu. Large portions, enough to share. Excellent food, clean & very professional, friendly staff.
5	My dad and I stayed in Scottsdale for 4 nights - we went to Butters for breakfast the first morning, and it was so great we went back the next 3 mornings! A huge menu and everything we got was great. The fresh OJ is amazing. The omelets are huge and perfectly cooked. Great pancakes, waffles, the works. Everything you could ask for in a breakfast spot!
5	A great new breakfast joint to add to our rotation!Because of our daughter's classes in Scottsdale, we started to look for breakfast places in the area to check out.  Of all of the breakfast spots that we have been to, I will have to say that Butters is probably the best of them all.We've tried U.S. and Good Egg, Eggington's and others, and a lot of them are really good, but for simple melt in your mouth breakfast without any pretense, Butters takes the prize.  You get a huge amount of food for your money, and everything tastes great!From the first bite of the hash browns, I could tell that this place was different.  They were substantially less greasy than the other places we have visited.  When the potatoes taste good enough plain that you _don't_need_ to add any salt, that's saying a lot!From the potatoes to the pancakes and the french toast to the sausage, Butters is just. . .better.  Service is friendly.  The only challenge is getting a seat because this place is so popular, so be prepared to wait on Sunday mornings.  It's worth waiting for.
4	Great food and service, but the orange juice, which everyone raves about, was sour on the day I had it.  Went with the blueberry smoothie instead.  Good stuff!
4	Have been driving by for a long time and finally decided to give Butters a try.  Stopped in for an early breakfast one recent Saturday AM.  We were seated right away in a mostly empty dining room although by about 8am they were starting to fill up tables.Our food was good, delivered fast and as ordered (well done).  I had scrambled eggs (fluffy!), sausage patties, hash browns & English muffin. My companion ordered a waffle and side of bacon.  There was enough food for at least 2 hungry people - took half home with me.  Our bill was around $25.  Server kept a good watch on us and returned for refills as appropriate.  I noticed they also serve FRESH squeezed oj with a machine up front (something to try on another visit!).They have a lot of tables in their dining area and seem to be capable of seating a lot of guests in a rather small place.  The environment seemed rather fast-paced, not a place you would sit and linger long over a 2nd cup of coffee.  They also have a nice patio which I hope to try another time (weather did not permit during our visit).  I would definitely go back and maybe try lunch sometime.
3	Just visited Butters and it was just OK,  didn't really experience a "wow factor" as others have indicated.  Would try it again and order something less ordinary then just an omelet.  My bench mark is a place called the breakfast club in old Scottsdale. everything i have had there so far in the last year has had a "wow factor", try it.
5	Delicious!! Everything on the menu is fantastic! This was my first time here and I will definitely be back. Bacon was crispy, eggs were fluffy, the grits were creamy and amazing and if course the buttermilk pancakes were perfect. To top it all off the staff was very attentive and friendly!!! A+++ I can't wait for my next visit!
5	This place is soo good! We go every Sunday and despite the fact there is always a 20-40 min wait it's worth it! They serve Gluten free pancakes and they are amazing! Nothing is too greasy either which I appreciate. My favorite is the New Mexico skillet with the chocolate chip gluten free pancakes - yummy! Honestly one if the best breakfast places on Scottsdale.
3	Food is great. Orange juice is overpriced.
5	This place is awesome!! Me and my girlfriend went for breakfast this morning, as soon as we walked in the wonderful aroma of fresh oranges took over our senses. The orange juice (little pricy $5 for large) was the best ever..I had the classic eggs Benedict it was delicious, perfectly poached eggs and very tasty hollandaise. My girlfriend had the vegetable skillet and loved it. Perfect hash browns and a side of wonderful light fluffy pancakes (I ate them) soo good. Everything for just over $30. I'll definitely be back.
5	A plus coffee!  I am serious, it tastes a bit like Gevalia.  After a week of hotel coffee, this is heaven.Everything is real.  Real cream, real butter.  Great selection of hot sauces, and no hoity toity lack of salt (tho that spice turned out to be unnecessary)Staff is no nonsense, you don't feel that circus atmosphere (no one asked if I have been here before, as if their place of business is a destination). These guys are primed for volume.  I arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday. I was out 45 minutes later.  In that time, their wait staff tripled.Pancakes... Maybe 7 / 10.  Tend to get mushy with syrup but very good.  But I tend to be hard on flapjacks.  Because Bisquick.Extra points for having chorizo, corned beef hash, and being able to effectively subtract onions from my order.  Really no trace, that is remarkable.I know, onions are in a lot of breakfast foods and sauces.  I do not mind them cooked!When you want a really good no nonsense beakfast, come on out to Butters!Mike
5	Upon recommendations from friends living in the Scottsdale area, we ventured here on our way to a spring training game.  Although we had a large party of 6 we got seated in only a few minutes.  (After walking out there was already lines of people outside so we got very lucky).  Walking to our table we noticed they have a true coffee bar with locally roasted beans so you can get your cappuccino fix.  There's also a fresh squeezed orange juice machine that pumps out amazing OJ...you finally get what you pay for in this liquid gold.  The restaurant was clean but felt like a run of the mill pancake house...I should have known otherwise by the passion in the OJ and coffee.  We ordered just about everything on the menu but the one thing that stuck out in my mind were the side of pancakes that came with my meal.  I don't even like pancakes...I'm a waffle guy but the pancakes with mascarpone are to die for!  The mascarpone they put between the pancakes offers a creaminess without too much sweetness.  While filing out of the restaurant we noticed SF Giants star outfielder Hunter Pence waiting in line for a table (I bet they didn't notice it was him  :) ).  He was super kind to take a picture with my mother-in-law but the point is that he was willing to wait in line to eat here...you should too.  I will ensure a trip up here each time I visit Phoenix.  This is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten at breakfast in my life.
5	This place is superb. Top notch service, top notch food. Best breakfast place I've been to in the valley. I had grapefruit juice,  chorizo avacado omelette and pancakes. Every item exceeded my expectations. Would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Absolutely love this place! One of the reasons is they have gluten free pancakes and waffles!  The hash browns are some of the best I've had and the bacon is a thick cut and full of flavor. The EGGS ROJO OR VERDE and BACON, MUSHROOM & ONION SKILLET are some of my favorites. Overall the food has tasted amazing every time I have been here and the staff is friendly.
3	Good food and service nice location,a little put off by not being able to mix couple of pancakes without being charged seperatley for each one. The size of cakes also kind of small for price of 7.95 for 3 protein cakes.
4	I love pancakes, but every time I go to breakfast, I forego them.  Somehow I talk myself into believing my 12-egg omelette with hash browns, bacon, and toast is "healthier."  This explains my ever-shrinking wardrobe options when I have to wear clothing not blessed by elastic.  So for my birthday breakfast, I decided I was having pancakes and would not get swayed by a breakfast burrito.  And what better place to go than a restaurant with "pancakes" in its name.And strawberry pancakes I had, along with bacon and OJ.  The pancakes were light, fluffy, and golden brown and stuffed with strawberries and a compote on top made of fresh berries as well.  The bacon was thick, apple-wood smoked cooked to perfection, crispy, yet not burnt in the slightest.  And the juice fresh squeezed, of course.  YUM!  I was glad it was a nice morning, and we were able to sit outside.  The dining room wasn't anything special, and it was really loud.  Although the patio overlooks Hayden, it was much quieter there.  If only they were open for dinner!
3	I love pancakes, always on the look out for the best. Well, Butters pancakes, in my opinion are very average. I ordered the pecan pancakes and all I got was a couple of average pancakes and some pecans thrown on top. I had a basic eggs and bacon breakfast with hash browns. The hash browns were a real dissapointment. Bottom line not worth the effort or price. Cracker Barrel is much better than this place.
5	I am a lover of pancakes, and Butters pancakes are now at the top of my list! They were cooked to perfection. The setting of the restaurant is your typical breakfast style atmosphere. I sat outside, and there were misters to keep you cool. The service was great, and I loved my food. If you do go to Butters you must get the OJ! It is so fresh!! If you are in the are and are looking for a good breakfast place with a variety of items to choose from give Butters a try. It will not disappoint.
4	I really have enjoyed the food I have had here which includes the gluten free waffle and a few entree salads. I wish they would incorporate more gluten free items to their menu like gluten free bread for sandwiches and more GF sauces/dressings. This place is what I call a half a** gluten free restaurant it really has a minimal gluten free menu. I was disappointed that all I can order here is a few breakfast items and salads. I have Celiacs diesease so its hard for me to find places I can eat out. I asked on two separate occasions if the salad dressing (which are all homemade btw) are gluten free. On the first occasion I was told yes they are safe for me to eat and all are made in house and gluten free on one visit . On my next visit I was told non of the salad dressings are gluten free and oil and vinegar was my only option. For being a gluten free restaurant the service staff and chefs are not well trained and have no knowledge on what is safe for people who come here for the gluten free options. I wasn't impressed that the two different chef's lack of knowledge and that service staff had no idea also what was in most of the dressings and sauces. I waitresses for years and I was always trained on the  ingredients in all of the menu items and I worked at a very basic restaurant that did not have any GF options. I expect more of a knowledge base about the food from the staff at a place like Butters. I will only order the GF Waffle or GF Pancakes from now on as I don't think I am safe trusting the word of the employees on items that are not specified as being gluten free on the menu. This place needs to train their staff better and for that reason I couldn't give it five stars. Great food and atmosphere though!
4	Great food and reasonable prices. Be careful about sitting outside, it's a busy intersection with some loud noise and the tables don't afford much leg room !
5	If you have out-of-town visiters and want to WOW them take them to Butters. My guests kept remarking about the great and fast service. They made their special request for lox omelets which was not on the menu.  Delicious french toast in many varieties.  I had tge one with muscarpone. Terrific!
4	$9 for tasty hash browns, 3 sausage links, 2 eggs over easy and 2 fluffy pancakes...mmmmmmmmmmm
5	Awesome breakfast! Everything we ordered was so good, and the service was great. If we had discovered this place sooner, we probably would've eaten here several times during our trip.
5	On vacation in the area, we were looking for somewhere cheaper than the hotel restaurant for breakfast. Picked Butters because of the reviews, and it was a great choice. Omelets were light and fluffy, coffee about the best we've had outside our own home, and service was impeccable.  Can't recommend this place highly enough.
4	Butters Pancakes? Instantly, I pulled up my Cardiologist's phone number just in case! Now this was a classic bookmarked place on Yelp that I finally got around to visiting. We had a slight wait of 15 minutes, which isn't bad at all with the amount of people waiting. Things I loved:1. Orange Juice - Very fresh and would be even better with some Kettle One2. Food - Had the breakfast burrito w/ chorizo (checked again to make sure my doc was on speed dial) Very good with the somewhat crispy butter potato hashbrowns. 3. Service - This place would have totally gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for the odd service. One of the people we went with received his order, but there was an extra egg (he didn't even notice until she came over). She had the cojones to take his plate away well after he started eating because it was meant for another table. She didn't apologize and actually made him feel like it was his fault. He stopped her saying he had already started eating and it was too late. Very odd to say the least.Overall, we had a good experience and will possibly try it again when we're in the area. Maybe sneak in some Kettle One! Shit, why do I always show my hand! Catholic guilt.
5	I don't like breakfast places.  When I sit down at a table and someone asks me if I want coffee, I'm immediately disgusted.  If I wanted dirty bean water, I'd sip the mud-sludge out of a gutter on Via de Ventura.  I also don't crave eggs or grits or toast.  I am a man, and I am powered by steak, and burgers, and alcohol.  I also hate the atmosphere of breakfast places.  Sunny, and open, with weird art on the walls - no.So that said, my co-worker talked me into going here, and it is awesome.  Yeah you go in and it's all sunny and there are a bunch of families there, and grandma and grandpa took little junior to get some waffles, and they try to serve you coffee as if you're a dirty hobo, but the food... hoooooly cow, man.  The food is delicious.I'm talking about thick strips of bacon - as thick as a strip of beef jerky, and cooked to perfection: crispy, but not burnt.  I grabbed an Eggs Benedict with hash browns, and the entire plate figuratively slid down my throat.  Nothing was greasy or oily, but it had to be unhealthy as delicious as it was.  But it did not feel unhealthy! The orange juice was freshly squeezed (I had a seed in mine!  That's authentic!) and delicious.  The service was fast (for a breakfast place), and reasonably courteous.I'll be back.
4	Best breakfast ever.  Every item on the menu is fresh, hot and tasty. So why four stars? I've eaten there more than 100 times over the past three years.  It's the long wait to get a table.  Butters continues to thrive in popularity.  Good for them.  Bad for regulars.  The moment you take your last bite, your plate is cleared and they are looking to turn the table.  I understand the business side - I get it.  That's why I go early to avoid the 40 plus minute wait.
3	This was a pretty good little breakfast place. It seems like it is a place locals come, which is always nice. The service was very fast and moderately friendly. The prices were reasonable and the food was decent. I had the whole hog skillet with pancakes and my husband had the country Benny with pancakes. Both were good, but nothing to write home about. I guess the pancakes were my favorite thing. They were delicious. The menu has a huge selection. Overall a decent meal, but nothing stood out as being fantastic.
4	Whole Hog - good. Orange juice - good. Pancakes - good.  Thick slabs of bacon  - yum!!
5	We had a party of 5 and everyone really enjoyed what they ordered. We would have given it 6 stars if we could. Excellent Eggs Benedict.
5	Amazing pancakes! I don't know if they are the best ever but I know that I've never had any that were definitely better. So good. The Mexicana Omelette is my usual. Lots of flavor and pretty original. You can make that meal last all day and it's surprisingly very reasonable in price considering the zip code. Great service too. Nothing bad at all to say.
5	After playing eenie meenie minne mhhhoo, I weeded Butters over 5 other breakfast restaurant. It was a little whiles away, but I am sooo happy we chose it! Our server was Rafael. Cool, calm, collected, took our order, gave me some good highlights of the menu.Food came, literally within 10 minutes, and we were diggin' in. I ordered the chorizo omelette, chedder grits,  and it also came with pancakes. I never had chorizo omelette, so I wasn't sure what I was getting into, it is a tad oily, but that is from the chorizo, however the veggies and egg balanced it out. CHEDDER GRITS delicious! My boyfriend stealth the rest. I cried. Pancakes, fluffy, buttery, melts in your mouth- probably the best set of pancakes ever. I ate it all. Then I cried. We don't quite live in the area, so I am quite bummed that we'd will probably never have Butters again. It was a great choice for us, we enjoyed the service and food. Thanks Butters!
5	We're usually very picky people when it deals with food and were impressed with this place. We had the strawberry cheesecake and huevos rojo which came out surprisingly quick, food was delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive and coffee was always full!
5	Best breakfast in Arizona! Please skip trendy Original Pancake House (it's really not that good). It is also definitely better than Butterfields (sister restaurant). I ordered the fruit pancakes with marscapone both times I've been. I also tried everyone else's dishes, all of which were great!
5	My boyfriend and I love breakfast, we are big egg connoisseurs.  Decided to check out what all the hype is about at Butters.  Came here around 10am and it was already pretty packed.. wait time around 20 mins.  Not so bad compared to places in LA.  As we were seated I ordered the fresh squeezed orange juice, yum.  We debated away on the choices on their massive menu.  Our picks:Whole hog skillet: one word... WOW! The hash browns were crunchy goodness with a buttery center and meats were good.  Topped with eggs made to your liking (I got a soft scramble).  One of the best breakfast skillets I have ever had!2 egg breakfast with sausage & protein pancakes: My boyfriend got a more generic breakfast because he is watching what he eats.  He did mention the sausage patty was like McDonalds.. we all know Mcdonalds is not good for you but their breakfast sausage is amazing!  The eggs were cooked to his liking (over easy).  To his surprise he really liked the protein pancakes, syrup was not needed.  So far this place has blown my mind.. but we'll give it a few more tries and update this review :). But for now... we're coming back for more!
5	The food is absolutely DELICIOUS and at a very affordable price. The pancakes were amazing - we had both the regular and protein pancakes. Lots of healthy options as well! Eggs/omelette were fluffy and not too greasy. Definitely recommend the hash browns as well! One of the best breakfast spots in the area. Get here early though on weekends the line gets long at peak times!
5	No complaints here.  They have all the bases covered for a good breakfast joint: food, service, menu variety, seating.  Also, they have a lunch menu available (though it is primarily a breakfast spot). Since this seems to be the only solid breakfast restaurant in the immediate area, it gets real busy on weekends.
2	Short story: the food is great, the service sucks. SUCKS. I'd love to give Butters a perfect review, but...no.The food was delicious and you certainly get a LOT of it. I had the Popeye scrambler and added avocado with pancakes and cheesy grits. The scrambler was packed with the toppings, the pancakes were perfect, and the cheesy grits were like yummy mac 'n cheese with a creamy consistency. The check was dropped off with the standard "no worries, I'll take this when you're ready" about 2 minutes after the food came. That should've been our first warning sign that they wanted our table for a big party that was waiting. Our waitress, Becca, never came back after that. We had to ask for refills of the coffee and then listen to her complain about how long we were taking about 6 feet from our table. Possibly in an effort to help move us along, the bussers began removing things from our table one by one the second there was one empty plate...water caraf, water glasses that we were still drinking from, syrup bottle, etc. After feeling really uncomfortable about sitting at our table, we got up to leave. As we did, Becca was coming out of the kitchen with another table's order. She turned back to the kitchen staff and said, "Oh NOW they get up!" I looked her in the eye and told her that was really rude. She looked away. My father-in-law spoke to the manager about it and was told they had 150 people waiting for tables, as if that were a good excuse for being openly rude to customers.While good food is definitely what you go to a restaurant for, good service will make or break the experience. Considering this was breakfast, it was a total downer to start my day. Unfortunately, I won't be back any time soon.
5	Amazing breakfast. Well worth the wait! Food arrived super fast..I ordered the banana & cream french toast OMG...so yummy!!!
5	Best breakfast place in Scottsdale, hands down! They have delicious and fluffy pancakes! Mmmm!
3	Good pancakes. Disliked the blitzes. They are not flexible with substitutions or changes.
5	This place came highly recommended by friends and Yelp so we decided to finally check it out and I'm glad we did.  Growing up in the Breakfast is probably my favorite meal of the day. Growing up in the south, my mom made a huge deal of a Sunday breakfast and did not hold back at all.  While I can't eat like that anymore (or shouldn't), I appreciate a good breakfast joint.  This place was very solid.  We waited for about 30 minutes for a table to open up, but it was nice outside and there were plenty of other kids outside to keep mine entertained. The other Yelp reviews are correct in that it is a very small place, but the food is really good and comes out almost as soon as you order it.  I got the chicken, avocado scrambler with egg whites which was great for anyone watching their intake.  It came with a side of pancakes and they also had some healthy options there as well.  The kids loved their Mickey Mouse pancakes and my wife devoured her french toast. A little pricey for a breakfast place, but you get big portions and it is no different than Snooze, Breakfast Club,...Definitely will be back!
5	This place was quite busy when I went, there was a bit of a wait, and I completely understand why! Their breakfast is absolutely fantastic. Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, eggs are my favorite breakfast food, and Butters delivered. One thing I love about this place is that there are options to meet different dietary needs. I wanted something a little healthier that day so I got a build your own omelette. I had egg whites with avocado and spinach, and substituted fruit for potatoes. Quite possibly the best thing about this place is you can get pancakes instead of toast on the side. No upcharge. PANCAKES! And those pancakes are fluffy and delightful and I want some now.Did not have any real issues with the service here. I highly recommend this place, it is awesome.
5	Excellent food and service. Great eggs and pancakes. Highly recommend! These were some of the best eggs we've had and lots of interesting pancake choices. The bacon was also fantastic!
4	Based on the excellent (and many) reviews for Butters here on yelp, I stopped in for a rare weekday breakfast a couple weeks ago.  Since it was a weekday, we didn't experience any of the crowds and were seated right away.  The restaurant itself is nice, nothing earth shattering, but it's nicely decorated and has a lot of light.  We experienced good service and were helped quickly and the food arrived quite fast.Speaking of food, I had one of their skillets with mushrooms and bacon.  The mushrooms were delicious, as was the bacon.  The eggs were cooked to my liking and I felt this was a very solid choice.  The Hubs had the bananas foster pancakes and LOVED it.  He gobbled up the entire plate and has talked about it a few times since, so I'd say it was a success.I've gotta say, this is one of the best breakfast spots we've been to in awhile.  I wish it was closer to our house, but then again, the waistline might now enjoy that.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in all of Scottsdale! I love breakfast food and this is the place to be for the best breakfast! The pancakes are beyond amazing, the eggs are the fluffiest eggs I've ever had in my life, and the hot chocolate always hits the spot! Plus the service is great!!!
4	This place gets busy busy busy!! However they have some very good food! I personally loved the fresh OJ!! Once you have fresh squeezed orange juice. You will never want it out the carton. The pancakes are splendid! A lot of variety and they offer "healthy" options!
4	Yum! Definitely a solid breakfast joint. Love that they offer a side of pancakes with your meal instead of toast. I got a veggie omelet. The hashbrowns come out nice and fluffly yet crispy. They did everything in accordance to my request with such great service.The pancake was actually very delicious. The wait was a bit long and they do not have a bar, which we usually prefer at breakfast joints. That was the only downfall for sure. If we're ever in the area, we'd definitely be back!
5	The food was not only phenomenal it was cooked to perfection and brought out in a timely manner. It was worth the trip and would come back every morning.
4	We went to Butters around  11am on a Saturday and had about a half hour wait to be seated. Popular place! When we were seated, the waitress came over immediately and got us our coffee and orange juice. There was a carafe of ice water on the table. Coffee was good. OJ was fresh squeezed. I ordered an omelet with hash browns and pancakes - all very good! Our food was served quickly and the service was attentive. Very impressive considering how busy the place was! And since it was it Scottsdale, there were a lot of 40 and 50 something women patrons with big ol' fake fun bags (if you are into that sort of thing)! All in all a very good place for breakfast if you don't mind a bit of a wait!
5	Amazing breakfast spot: still dreaming of the wild berry French toast.We stopped in after the great reviews & knew there may be a wait.  We were seated at once and brought coffee.  I went for a basic breakfast... Can't remember.  Wasn't bad at all but nothing out of the ordinary.But the wild berry French toast.  Our server recommended it as boy was she right!!!Sweet cream cheese filling with fresh berries galore.  The French toast was thick & buttery...Butter how I love thee!We will be back if we are near talking stick or Hayden rd.
5	This place was absolutely amazing. The service was great and the food was even better. Went in thinking pancakes are the things to get (and trust me they were amazing- especially the wild berry ones) but the omelets are just as good. So light and fluffy it melts in your mouth. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
2	So far haven't even been seated yet. We knew it would be a wait and that wasn't much of a problem for us. The kicker on this one is when we arrived to put our name in the hostess (who I am pretty sure is 12) was clearly flustered and irritated, looked at us expectantly and said "yes?" Not hello, how are you, welcome, how many? But "yes?" Strike one. We were told 20-30 minutes.... We have been waiting for 30 and were just told it would be another 20..... Hmmm.... Maybe you should learn to round those numbers up dear. Another young lady has now joined the infantile hostess with an ever worse attitude. We were clearly bothering her by asking how much longer our wait would be. Again, no smile, no welcome, didn't even offer us a glass of water on this steamy Arizona morning.Hopefully we will be seated soon and hopefully all of the food reviews are not a lie and my morning will be saved.
5	We LOVE this place. They have great servce!!! We always get seated quickly and we love having the pitcher of water on the table. Makes it easier to fill when needed and not have to wait for a waiter. The food is amazing. You can eat here whether you are a health freak or a down right dirty eater. Either way, your meal comes with plenty of food. California Scrambler is amazing as is the Fresh Strawberry French Toast. They also serve freshly squeeze orange juice. Real orange juice!!! Prehaps a bit expensive for the orange juice but it is worth it if you like orange juice.Definitely worth the drive.
5	Extremely fast service with excellent food. Fluffy omelettes and buttery/flaky hash browns. I substituted my pancakes for fruit but slightly regret the decision since I'm sure they would have been delightful! There was only a 5 minute wait (it's Friday morning), which gave me time to pick out my did from the extensive menu. I'm in heaven!
4	I LOVE this place. They have great service!!! I got seated quickly and love having the pitcher of water on the table. Makes it easier to fill when needed and not have to wait for a waiter. The food is great! You can eat here whether you are a health freak or a heavy eater. Either way, your meal comes with plenty of food. California I had the waffles and share a egg benedicts . They also serve freshly squeeze orange juice. Real orange juice!!! A bit expensive for the orange juice but it is worth it if you like orange juice
5	Great food in a nicely decorated environment. Our server was so sweet and attentive and we really enjoyed talking with the manager from Chicago.  Coffee was good breakfast was excellent and my salad had moist chicken.
5	My favorite breakfast/brunch spot ever!!!! Every time my bf and I get a chance to grab a bite to eat, I ALWAYS want to come here! The food is all so delicious ~ I've loved everything I've tried! And believe me, I'd be clear if I didn't:) My fav is the New Mexico Skillet. Pretty sure I've ordered it at least 4 times! The service is great too, even when super busy. YUM
5	My wife and I enjoy venturing out of the house on the weekend for breakfast.  From a prior Yelp review, we decided to give Butters a try.  We are very glad we did as everything met or exceeded our expectations, from being seated, the service, how prompt they were, politeness, and how delicious the food.  As we were leaving my wife made a comment that we must come back sooner than later as she wanted to try other items on the menu.  All in all we are going back there next weekend.  Cheers!
1	Was excited to try Butters for breakfast this past weekend because it is so close to my house but was definitely disappointed. When we walked in to put our name on the list we did not receive a warm welcome. We asked for a table for four but told them the other two people in our party would be joining us in about 30  minute. They said everyone had to be there in order to seat us. The manager came over and he was even more rude to us. Told us there was nothing he could do, that unless everyone was there they would only give us a table for two. I looked into the restaurant and there were several parties of two people who were seated at tables for four. Super disappointed in the customer service aspect of this place so didn't even stay Won't be coming back!!
4	I love trying out new spots. Found this place on yelp and stopped in for the first time a few weeks ago.  I ordered fresh oj eggs bacon potatoes and choose pancake as my side.  It was alot.of food and asked to have half packed to go.   There were a few glitches. ...but the waiter was fabulous.  He excused himself and shortly the manager came to see me.  The situation was immediately rectified....mind you I was never upset. I simply pointed it out to the waiter.  I was so impressed with the prompt action and value placed on their quality of service and food.  To that end....the food was incredible.   I will be back.
5	Delicious!!!!! It's om-nom-nom heavenly good!
4	Good food, fast service, well priced...we shared crepes, eggs w/chicken sausage (tasty) & pancakes. Portions are large.Espresso gets 2 thumbs upOrange juice is freshly squeezed & DELICIOUS
5	Lovely location. Food was so fresh and presented nicely and the staff was most accommodating. I highly recommend Butters! Our first time there and we will return.
4	First time dining at this establishment. Food is excellent. It was a bit of a wait which I chalked up to the excellent food comment.
5	I was in Scottsdale for a few days and found this outstanding restaurant on Yelp!  I was so impressed by the food, service, and atmosphere! I tried the Santa Fe Scrambler an it was awesome!  I originally just ordered coffee,  but I saw someone across the way with an incredible looking glass of OJ, so I ordered a glass.  Most delicious!  They squeeze it fresh.  I will definitely be a return customer!  You won't be disappointed!
5	Food was fantastic! Huge portions, cute building complex, very attentive waiters! Just Great!!
4	Great simple breakfast chow. Don't be afraid of the crowd. They are very fast and the wIt is worth it. Fresh squeezed orange juice is a must. Also, the potatoes are the best I've had. My girls always get the chocolate chip waffles with strawberries and nothing is ever left.
5	Great food, good service. I always get the fresh squeezed orange juice and the coffee is good too! No complaints here.. I'll be back again soon
5	Always great service and always great food.  My husband and I go at least one day over the weekend.  Scrambled eggs alone are the most fluffiest ever.  My husband has been getting the Mexican omelette and he says it gets better every time we go.  Oh and I love the coffee.  I just love this place.
4	The positive things you've read about Butters' food on Yelp are all true. The pancakes are great! Light and fluffy. My favorite in the Valley, except perhaps for the unique lemon enhanced cakes at The Original Breakfast House. Omelets? "This is the best omelet I've had in ages," was the comment about the Mexicana Omelet during our most recent visit. The Garden Skillet? Solid. Mickey Mouse kids meal? Perfect. Even simple scrambled eggs are uniquely well prepared. The orange juice is fresh squeezed and the coffee is enjoyable black.The "children's brunch" menu is basic; in other words, just what kids want. Reasonably priced. One cautionary comment: There are no special sizes or prices for kid drinks. You can accidentally double the price of your child's meal if you aren't paying attention. So why not five stars? Nothing related to the food. Success, however, can create issues. Don't come here on a Saturday or Sunday morning unless you have some time to kill. They do a good job churning the customers, but given the choice I'd rather not be churned. Or feel so cramped. Our recent Sunday morning wait was shorter than promised, but once seated we had to wait for quite a while before being offered coffee, inexcusable for a breakfast joint. I like my coffee black and Butters' coffee does not disappoint. Others in our party who like to self-doctor their java, however, were not as happy. The only tool available was plain cream. Butters does serve vanilla lattes and the like, which was not pointed out by our waitress when an initial ordering inquiry was made about the availability of flavored creamers. An oversight, given that a vanilla latte would have definitely been preferred. We were seated indoors and the ventilation in our area was less than adequate. It's hard to enjoy your hot coffee when you are perspiring. Finally, our credit card payment was mixed up with another table. While apologetically corrected, it is the type of thing that happens when a restaurant is operating beyond full capacity.I love Butters. I just need to avoid Sunday mornings there.
5	This place was so good we went 2 days in a row and ordered the very same thing!  Banana cream pancakes, cheesy bacon and potato omelette and cheesy grits.  Only a 5 minute wait on a Sunday morning and we were experiencing this deliousness!  Service was great, prompt and they refill coffee regularly.  Highly recommend!
5	Awesome spot. Best breakfast / brunch spot ever. Really good food. Just takes forever to get a seat since there always so busy. But it's worth the wait. :)
4	I normally eat savory breakfasts but for some reason, I had to get pancakes this morning because of the name of this restaurant- Butters Pancakes. I mean, how can you say no to that?From start to finish, you're served by kind hosts who check on your regularly and make sure you're doing okay. Strawberry pancakes were spongey and perfect. I never get pancakes for breakfast but this restaurant made me regret all the times I didn't!Coffee was on point; I should've asked what kind of coffee they were using! And finally, the famous hashbrowns were good but not great. I liked how it wasn't salty and tasted fresh but it wasn't the best I had. Next time I'm craving pancakes (now I know there'll be a next time), I'll make sure to stop by Butters in Scottsdale.
4	The location of this restaurant is pretty prime. If you want breakfast on a Saturday or Sunday morning you may encounter a wait. The food is pretty good...not the best I've had.
5	Took the advice on Yelp and was not disappointed. Just excellent. I had protein power cakes - just fabulous. Could not finish the three that I was given. My husband had the California scrambler and loved it. Surroundings were great as was the service. Thanks to Yelp we had an excellent experience.
2	I don't eat pancakes or waffles, so if you're on the hunt for those items, disregard this review. However, if you eat eggs, there are better breakfast places in the Valley to go for breakfast. Trust me. The last few times we visited Butters, I've made the mistake of ordering scrambled eggs. They literally looked like a scoop of wet, yellow poo. And I'm being nice here. These so-called "scrambled eggs" didn't look like real eggs at all, and because of the "texture"  and "wetness" of them, I can't imagine what in the world I was eating (or trying to eat). I had them with one of their skillet breakfasts which had onions, bacon, mushrooms and potatoes, topped with this glop of yellow, wet "stuff". After vomiting violently for over two hours, I've vowed never to return to try anything else at Butters, because seriously, there's way better places for breakfast that actually use eggs that have a yolk and egg white that is visible. The only reason I"m giving this place 2 stars is because, like I said, people say the pancakes are good, and I'll have to take their word for it. Sorry, Butters, but Matt's Big Breakfast, The Original Pancake House, Snooze, Scramble and a host of other breakfast hot spots have you beat. By far...
3	Decent breakfast spot with slightly above average food.  Service was very good.
5	On vacation from Berkeley, CA, and found Butters on Yelp. We were definitely not disappointed! I ordered the Country "Benny" and it was a biscuit with a huge sausage patty on each side, a perfectly poached egg on each patty, and the whole thing was covered in country gravy!! I was wondering where the hollandaise sauce was since it was a benedict, but I was perfectly happy with the gravy. I also had the grits (came with it), and they were the fluffiest grits I've ever had. One of my friends ordered the baked potato eggs and the other the belgian waffle. They both were very happy with their choices, as was I. The food was delicious, the service was spot-on friendly, and we decided to go back before I went back to California. This time two of us had the pancakes, and they were perfectly sized, light and fluffy, and absolutely delicious!!!The highlight of this trip was seeing the Grand Canyon for the first time, and then enjoying a wonderful breakfast with my friends!
5	Great breakfast spot!  The pancakes were some of the best that I've ever had.  I wish that I had ordered the OJ.  They were freshly squeezing when we were leaving, and it smelled amazing!
5	Excellent service, very fast even though they were extremely busy. Food was delicious! Highly recommend!
4	We loved just about everything about our visit. The service was super friendly and very accommodating. I had the eggs Benedict, my husband had scrambled eggs and bacon, and out toddler had silver dollar pancakes. My Benedict was great, the hollandaise was top notch and my egg was poached perfectly. Our hash browns were great and the bacon was thick, well cooked, and delicious. The side of fruit was fresh, delicious, and irresistible to my son. He also gobbled up almost all of his pancakes and he's usually very picky. The place is pretty small and packed in, so that can present a challenge, but we went late Tuesday morning so we had basically no wait. If we are in the neighborhood on a weekday, we'd totally go again. A busy weekend will probably bring a long wait, but the food will be worth it!
5	Came here on a whim when we were out in Arizona for spring training and loved it. I'm so sad we don't have more places like this in California. Every Time  we come to az we have to eat here. Both times service and food were excellent.
5	I think you are either a Butters fan or a Butterfield's fan, you can't be both (even though they are owned by the same brothers, weird, right? I know, but it's true and going to either one benefits the same owners anyway so who cares). And I my friends, well I am a Butters fan which says a lot because I am not a breakfast person, but if Butters is in the equation - I am so there.Why do I love Butters so much? Well, it's their pancakes, specifically their Protein Power Cakes, well, more specifically it's their Egg-ceptional two egg breakfast with bacon, hash browns,  AND pancakes for $8.50. BUT you can upgrade to any one of their specialty pancakes for $1 more - done and done.  I get this exact meal every time I go there, I can't help and its sssooo much food. The portions here are very generous that you won't be hungry again until diner. Butters also offers fresh squeeze OJ, fountain soft drinks, tea, drip coffee and several espresso drinks. On the weekends you can expect a 30-60 minute wait for breakfast it's that popular. Luckily, you can order drinks right next to the hostess stand so that you the coffee you need to help stay awake while you wait. Even with the chaos of maximum occupancy at all times during the weekend, the staff is always on their A game. My husband and I have never had bad service - ever; and all staff from the hostesses, coffee attendant, waiters, and bussers are always friendly and smiling (usually). When the weather is cooler, it's nice to sit outside on their patio, it's a pretty complex and there is a water fountain nearby.
5	Somewhat of a wait, but after eating here it is no surprise. Wonderful breakfast. Got two eggs over easy with great applewood bacon. It came with hash browns or grits. Tough to get good grits out of the South so I had the cheese grits. Perfect. Also came with toast or pancakes. I asked for gluten free pancakes, no extra charge, and they were great. Very reasonable price. My wife who is not gluten free loved her breakfast as well. If you pass by you have to eat here.
5	Great meal! Would recommend to anyone for an awesome breakfast. If you get a chance to try the Whole Pig skillet with Pecan pancakes you will not be disappointed. Perfect for breakfast or lunch!
4	Really enjoyed my breakfast here this morning. I had the protein pancakes. They were delicious. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Great Eggs Benedict. I got the Florentine and my gf got a Classic Benedict. Overall good food.
1	Cute place, disappointed with menu & staff - Waitress was not very friendly or helpful. I have food allergies and they were NOT accommodating AT ALL. I had to practically BEG twice to get one of the staff to ask the chef if he could make me a vegan waffle. EVENTUALLY, I was told it was too much trouble as they premix the batter - really??!  My birthday breakfast out with my awesome friends was a side of bacon & lukewarm coffee .... the bacon was pretty tasty though!!
1	I'd like to give Butters a higher review because the food was somewhat enjoyable however our server wasn't nice. I believe food can taste wonderful if the server is welcoming and kind, I also believe that no matter how good the food is it can taste like garbage if the server is lack luster.She wasn't a heinous b**** but she was definitely flirting with my boyfriend and being exceptionally attentive to him and not to me. Never met her in my life so I don't know why I was a witness to such pitiful child like behavior, getting dirty looks and all. I gave her the benefit of the doubt that hey maybe she just lost someone or is suffering idk. She served him first and his food came out piping hot while mine was late and luke warm. When I asked for hot sauce she went inside and disappeared for five minutes then came out and asked another table how they were doing and my boyfriend asked her for hot sauce and within a nano second she grabbed it right behind us and gave it to us. I definitely do not recommend this place for females accompanied by males because this misogynistic behavior will most likely take place. We're not in the Middle East...we're in America this kind of ridiculous belittlement of women should be stopped. Tips: check out OVER EASY for a cute and cozy atmosphere and comforting dishes including their signature caramelized banana french toast.
5	Great breakfast place ! I had the eggs Benedict and they were delicious . Service was excellent ! Looking forward to going back .
4	I seriously did not know this was a smaller version of Mrs. Buttersfileds. The wait time was super long and the dining area was super tight. Food is just as good as the mother restaurant. I recommend Butters if you are ever in the area.
4	The Wildberry Bliss pancakes were in fact blissful.  Even without syrup, the vanilla mascarpone and vanilla cream really made the dish.  When we order pancakes and a savory dish for breakfast, I usually only partake of a few bites.  However, I almost finished off my pancakes this time.  I also liked that they carried coffee from the local and esteemed Passport coffee.  Usually most breakfast places carry half-rate coffee, but at Butters you could get your great coffee with your breakfast.  The New Mexico Skillet didn't come in a skillet and wasn't doing much for me.  It didn't seem to have all of the ingredients that were listed on the write-up either.  I was wanting some sauce too.  Oh well, I was enamored enough with the pancakes that that was okay.  My husband was pleased with his Eggs Rojo.  The rojo sauce was almost like a smoky enchilada sauce and was very flavorful.  I was a little disappointed when I asked for a side of salsa for my egg dish and not only was it extra but it looked like plain Pace sauce that I used to get growing up.  Yuck.  Anyways, overall, I would still say with the originality of the entrees, the superb pancakes, and the high quality coffee, I would still give the place high ratings.
1	I unfortunately had a terrible experience at Butters today. After calling ahead of time and receiving confirmation that dogs were allowed in the patio, I brought my small dog there for breakfast. I waited for 30 minutes for a table, only to be told by the hostess seating us that dogs were only allowed by the fence, information that I never received when I had called earlier. There were no other tables available. Then I asked to speak with the manager, since we didn't want to waste the trip and wanted to understand the situation. The manager was very defensive and unfriendly from the beginning of the conversation, and said that only service animals were allowed in the patio, also information that I did not receive over the phone when I first called. Also, there was another dog on the patio at the time that was clearly not a service animal. What happened today was very unfortunate. The food is decent, but service was clearly lacking.
5	This place is great. You get way too much food for your money, and ever part of it is delicious.
5	We came here on Monday morning after a search for brunch place in the neighborhood.  This place was close by and had good reviews,  so we decided to give it a try.  Our server Sydney provided fast and friendly service. The restaurant was quite busy but our server provided timely service and checked up on us regularly. Vanilla Latte was delicious. we ordered gravy Benedict and wild berry cakes and both were beautifully plated in generous portion and were very tasty.  Great way to start a week.  Will definitely return.
5	Why mess with a good thing. My coworker and I came to town on business and read some funny reviews of jealous girlfriends and the servers. Great place and the good is great. We ate here back to back.
4	The yelp photos look better than the dishes come out in real life... but make no mistake the food is good! The pancakes were delicious and I don't even eat pancakes. I think my favorite ones were the wild berry and the banana cream. The corned beef hash was good but not great... the salmon cream cheese omelette had way too much cream cheese.. I think that dish or the fruit cup were my least favorite things. Btw it's only 1 dollar to make your side of pancakes into the flavored pancakes so you should definitely take advantage of that. Also, wow, the wait staff here... super attractive. Seriously. I'm coming back.
5	Awesome banana bread french toast! You don't even need syrup for them but I did put a little bit and even the syrup was light and tasty!!! I would definitely come back! My husband had an omelette and the eggs were so fluffy and light! The cheese in the omelette was so creamy and yummy as well as the mushrooms!!!! Hash browns were also delicious! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone!!! The waitresses were very cute and nice. Everything was awesome! My kudos to the chefs!!! If you are ever in Scottsdale this is a DEFINITE stop you HAVE to make for breakfast!!!
5	Great atmosphere . Food was outstanding ! Waitstaff was attentive and I didn't get hit on not even once! A must stop if your in the area for breakfast. Do it......do it.......do it.
4	This place is DELICIOUS!I had their Whole Hog Skillet with extra ham, and their Wild Berry Cakes.Incredible.  So good.  Service is great ... the patio is great ... it's all great.The only thing in my opinion that keeps it from being 5 stars is that you can't do a "call-ahead" or make reservations.  Lines can get very very long, which can be annoying.All in all though, it's worth the wait.  ENJOY!
5	One of the best breakfast places around! The fresh squeezed orange juice is amazing and not too many places have true on location fresh squeezed. The skillets are super tasty and I like to get the pancakes as a side. I had the wild berry and they were so good! You can tell everything is quality and they put the food together with the right amount of ingredients. I wanted to take a picture but it looked so good I ate it first. There's always next time 'cause I will be back again and again!
5	Oh so good.  The service is fast, friendly and efficient.  Our server, Sydney, was fantastic.  the food is really good and cooked to perfection.  I recommend the sweet roll pancakes.  We live out of state but make a point to come here every time we're in town.  Best place for breakfast in AZ.
5	After a rather long and eventful evening my friend and I woke up in dire need of a great breakfast... About 2 blocks from my younger brothers house we stumble upon BUTTER's...The attractive hostess whose name slips my mind mentioned it would be a 15 minute wait. The wait ended up being only 5 minutes in which we were able to have our coffee while waiting. We were sat outside at a table with an umbrella and then it happened...Perfect service, a great atmosphere, water jugs at the ready (like a great place should do), free coffee refills, an entire menu of what seems to be delicious food all at astoundingly cheap prices and one of the most beautiful women in town Jessica! She recommended the Mexicana Omelette right away and it is one of the BEST breakfast dishes I have ever had!!! Thank You soooo much Jessica for such a wonderful breakfast experience. I recommend this place to any and everyone! Can you tell I love my breakfast ;)
5	I'm in love with the place breakfast is always great here
5	My wife and I decided to come get the Sunday after thanksgiving. The wait was less than 5 minutes. The waitress was so sweet and kind. Super efficient. My wife had the eggs Benedict and brioche  bepancakrs. I had bacon sausage. Biscuits and gravy and a side of the protein power pancakes. Everything was amazing! This place knows how to do breakfast right.all the small things are done well,  like sirens butter,  water craffs on the table. Your coffee never find dry. Everything is done well. We love Everything!
5	OMG....The Wildberry Bliss Pancakes are absolutely wonderful. The name of the pancakes did not lie! The pancakes are blissfully fluffy and buttery on the outside that just melts in your mouth with all that fruit goodness and mascarpone. These are the best dang pancakes I have ever had!!! If I ever come back to visit AZ I will be coming back here for brunch.Also had the Irish Benny which was delicious as well! It's a eggs benedict (My favorite breakfast item) with corned beef hash. I have never had an eggs benny this way but it was super flavorful. The eggs were poached perfectly. Must get the OJ! Freshly squeezed! Ohh so refreshing!
2	It's pretty crowded and noisy which I would not mind at all if the food was good, but while it's OK it's nothing great.  Everything is just a little too fluffy and a little too bland.  I've been a couple of times and tried different things, and even though I left full I didn't feel like I actually ate anything satisfying or filling.  Probably because half of what I ate was air?  It's clean though, I suppose that count's for something...
4	I'd come back for breakfast but we sat inside and it was SO LOUD. The clanking of dishes plus the ambient background music was too much for the ears.  The food was better than average and service was great.  Will probably try and get an outside seat next time.
5	Excellent !   If you are looking for a classy, high end breakfast place this is it!! The best Breakfast around.Delicious....They serve lunch too!   All is Wonderful.
4	"This vanilla latte is the best coffee I've had all year." It wasn't the artistic foam on top that sold me. The coffee was robust without a hint of bitterness. My table companion's regular cup of coffee was delivered with thick, heavy cream. (So thick watching it pour was entertainment.)I'm sorry I didn't grab the name of our amazing server. But I did very much enjoy breakfast during a late lunch hour on a Sunday. Overwhelmed by the breakfast menu I selected a skillet. Why? They are served with a side of pancakes. (Or toast. But really, if you're going all in - GO ALL IN.)The New Mexico skillet offered a spicy chorizo, avocado, peppers and potatoes. If heat is not your thing perhaps this dish is not for you. I luuuurved it. No need to sprinkle a dot of hot sauce anywhere! Shhh! We used bank parking as it was Sunday. (The signage is clear. But it was Sunday!) This can be a popular joint for good reason.
1	Save your money and go to Denny's because this place isn't as good.Service is not very good. You will find yourselves asking multiple times for basic things like real coffee cups. They prefer to give you paper cups -- and you have to yell Ito the waitress to get more of the lousy coffee. Blech!If you have to wait for a table be prepared to pay for the lousy coffee upfront. They should be giving this stuff away for free to power diesel engines. The coffee tastes like something you would buy in a small town Circle K. At least they have whole cream to dissipate the taste!The food is very bland.I have been here twice and it was just as bad both times. I would give it two stars because it's next to a very good coffee roaster, but they obviously prefer Christian Bros instead. So, why don't they go next door and buy their coffee? Stupidity? Ego?
4	Food is always served quickly and hot. Love the grits. The orange juice is FRESH squeezed and amazing. I like that they have carafe of ice water in table and refill coffee frequently. We go very early otherwise there's a wait.
5	A must try! Delish!Visiting from San Francisco with my family, 4 kids aged 9-13 all raved. We are accustomed to foodie level meals, and this rates very high. From the Irish Benes, pancakes, Mexi-style omelette, and yes, that fresh OJ. 12 thumbs up from us!
3	This place was packed as expected for a Sunday morning. The service was fast, a little too fast to enjoy the moment. They did offer gluten free options, the waffle I got was good, but thought it to be a bit cakey. Husband got the Rojo eggs and he said they were ok, but nothing to write home about. This place could have more potential if the food had more quality and flavor focus. However, the fresh squeezed orange juice was quite tasty!
5	Mmmmmmmm do not skip ordering the pancakes! They may have been the best I've ever eaten!  Had the New Mexico skillet? I think it was called that   Chorizo.. Eggs.. Avacado  , delicious!  Everyone at the table was pleased    Heard the OJ was amazing but i did not try it .  Had to wait about 15 mins for a table   No big deal   Small place  pretty packed   Now i see why! Food was worth the wait! Dont save your money and go to Denny's like the person reviewed before me
3	Ridiculously packed on the weekend. We came around 10:30am and were informed the wait was 45 minutes. Stick around, because often others are intimidated by the long wait and leave. Because of that our wait was only 25 min.Butters serves your typical breakfast diner food. Menu is moderately extensive, prices are cheap.Protein Power Pancakes (Wheat pancakes, blueberries, oats & almonds) - These pancakes tasted very healthy. They were full of blueberries, but I could not taste any almonds. I loved the texture from the oatmeal streusel sprinkled on top. Despite being wheat, the pancakes were pretty fluffy. I liked how they were smaller and decently sized instead of oversized pancakes as big as a large dinner plate that most diners in NJ seem to like serving. Wildberry Bliss Pancakes (Stuffed with blueberries, layered with vanilla mascarpone, topped with vanilla cream, fresh wildberries & glaze) - I did not have this, but my dad and sister enjoyed it. Apparently, these pancakes were more fluffy with all that cream. The tastiest part was the top pancake with the vanilla cream on top. Veggie Egg White Omelette - Large for sure, but it needed more of the vegetables it said it had. The omelette was disappointing.Corned Beef Hash - I probably enjoyed this more than the pancakes. Really good to cut through the sweetness of the pancakesHash Browns - Crispy potatoes, can't go wrong.Since this is your typical diner breakfast food, 25 min. wait is worth it. Any more than that, it probably wouldn't be worth it the second time. Go for the pancakes and corned beef hash, skip the omelettes.
5	Crowded but worth the hour long wait for breakfast. My favorite was the cheese grits (which they offer as a substitute for breakfast potatoes). The red chile sauce was also a favorite. The ambiance is loud and crowded but I am willing to overlook for their great food.
5	Fastest breakfast in the West...or anyplace else, really.  Was seated in half the quoted wait time.  After perusing the extensive menu and settling on the green chile omelette, food arrived in about 5 minutes.  It was everything a good omelette should be, light and fluffy.  The green chile sauce was bright and decently spicy.  Interesting take on hash browns.  Rather than the typical grated potato, these were very thinly sliced.  With more surface area, the crispiness was enhanced.  Excellent, high-quality, inexpensive breakfast food.  Even the standard issue brewed coffee was really good!  There's nothing really to improve on here!  I would definitely return!
4	The wait was a little long for 9 in the morning, but it was definitely worth it. The scramble platters are just average...nothing special, but I highly recommend the benedicts and french toast. Of the options, we decided on the Irish Benny and Stuffed Strawberry Cheesecake Toast. These 2 dishes are not pt of a healthy breakfast but it's worth every calorie. The pancakes here are also light and fluffy. The food came ~6 or 7 minutes after we ordered, so even with a full restaurant, the kitchen staff was really quick.TLDR: Great food for a reasonable price!
5	I owe them a review as we eat there often.  The bad is that there is always a wait.  Yesterday was about 40 minutes.  The good is the great breakfast food and service,  They have a wide variety but main staples are omelettes, skillets, pancakes, and waffles.  With many varieties of each.  Yesterday's service was not fantastic and that was unusual.  I love to go there on nice days and eat on the patio.
5	The food is absolutely delicious!! We went earlier in the morning to the wait wasn't bad. We ordered our food and it was at our table in under 10 mins. I got the baked potato omelette and a side of wild berry pancakes. And that may possibly be the best choice I've made in my life. I can't wait to come here again!
