5	Wow, this place is a life saver.  I stopped at the MVD near Greenfield and Baseline and the line to get tickets was out the door and curled around the building.  With a critical deadline looming at the office, I knew I'd be in trouble if I spent my time waiting at the DMV.  I found the Alma School branch of this place linked on Yelp from the DMV page, so I figured I'd check their website and found this closer branch.  Knowing the line at the DMV I figured I had nothing to lose.  There was NO line and the staff was actually friendly and great to talk to.  Nice facility, clean and professional.  The other title place I saw online looked like a scary payday loan place.  They did charge a $5 convenience fee on top of the normal MVD fee, which I consider to be worth every penny.  I will definitely use these guys again.
5	I visited Desert Title & Tag (aka Desert Title) on a referral from a friend.  I wanted to buy a car from out of state and had received conflicting info from MVD offices about what needed to be notarized.  The blonde lady greeted us and checked her sheet then cleared up that question.  She asked if I wanted a price quote and I gave her the VIN. I now had all the info I needed. Bought the car, came back and the fees were exactly as quoted.  Took under 10 mins for an out of State transfer, new plates, sticker and registration.  Wow, that is service that you don't get at the State run offices!
5	Lisa is the best. She is professional and kind, handling our company and personal needs. I will never go anywhere else.Be proud of her. She is one of a kind!
5	My recent visit to Desert Title was amazing!! I was greeted as soon as I walked through the door and Heather was very helpful and was able to help me with exactly what I needed. I would recommend them to anybody!
5	This place just plain ROCKS!  Rolled in at about 7:45 this morning and was greeted with a smile...Transferred a title, Registration and plates in about 15 minutes!! ANYONE that would decide that it makes more sense to go through the lunacy of lines at the MVD is out of their mind when they can get this level of service and save hours at Desert Title Service.  I will be back again, and again in the future!  Thank you, Thank you!!!
5	Wow! What a lucky day when someone recommended I come here to register my out of state vehicle.  I was told it was a painless process and it really was.  Heather was friendly and knowledgeable and her smile made my day!  I was in and out within 20 minutes with new plates and title.  I can't wait until I can go back for my driver's license!  Easy Peasy way to do business!
5	I have used Desert Title for years. Lisa in the East Mesa office is the best!!! I highly recommend this company.
1	I wish I cared enough about the fast service to give a decent review of the place, but My boyfriend and I were too much in awe of the rudeness of the women there. I couldn't believe it. Granted we came in 2 minutes before close, but we didn't even know that prior to walking in. We walked in, and before we even could tell them what it was we wanted, the lady at the front desk rolled her eyes and said "you better hurry because our computers go down in 2 minutes" in an impatient tone. We wanted to solve out things with a car title, but the lady was obviously annoyed (she a didn't even try to hide it) and told us that what we wanted to do required that the vehicle go through emissions first. We thanked her for that information and asked if we could get a 3 day tag for our car. She printed one out, and when we asked for a little plastic bag to put it in, she grew even more annoyed. As we put it in the bag, the same lady walked up to the front of the store, turned off the lights and stood at the door staring at us, apparently just waiting for us to leave. Very unprofessional. If they had been kind, and told us to come back tomorrow, rather than sit there fuming at us for keeping them 4 MINUTES past closing time, we would have. No problem. Why be so unnecessarily rude? At this point I would rather sit and wait at a DMV.
1	Wow, just left this place. Heard great things however the lady (Debbie)  was the rudest person I have come across in a long time. It was as if she was mad at me as I walked through the door. She needs a new job because she looks and acts miserably to customers. If I managed this place, I would fire her immediately.I will go back to the long lines of the DMV. At least there I know what I am getting. Long lines and bureaucratic indifference. I do not expect that from a private business.You suck Debbie...
