3	I love Bed Bath and Beyond. They have so many cool things. This particular store did not have two things out of two that I was looking for. Hmm.... Why the three stars? The service! The service was exceptional by each and every individual that helped me. So I went looking for a very small pressure cooker for a friend and also for the Dirt Devil hand held vacuum. I saw it online a few days ago at their website but when I got there, they didn't have it. The pressure cooker was a bust also but I didn't do any research about it before I went, just went. Anyway, if it wasn't for the very nice and patient friendly associate, I would have walked out frustrated. I did get a nice leather cleaner which was a totally unexpected find. Who thinks of going to BB&B for a leather cleaner!? I know there is more in this store for me to explore. I just need to go back.Compared to other Bed Baths that I have been to, this one looks and feels small. The items are not completely organized properly. Probably short on staff.
4	It's funny to write a review about a store like this.  It's Bed Bath & Beyond..  how different is it from other locations? Not much.  The place always smells good, the staff is usually pleasant and if they dont have something you need, chances are another location will have it.This location is a great one because it's near Borders and Toys R Us.  How cool is that?
4	Come on people. It's Bed, Bath, and Beyond. It's a chain. I've never been to a bad one. Love going in to get something specific and always leaving with something I must have that I didn't know existed. Decent prices, nice products.
4	This store has an awesome clearance area! Love it. Was helped by a really nice young man the other day who pointed out an amazing deal on some clearance pillows.Love them!
4	I love this place.This location is my go-to when I need to peruse or get something that I know they will have.  The staff here is always friendly and helpful and the place itself is well organized and clean.I love that they will take the mail coupons even after they have expired (I have a stack of them at home).  I know many of the locations are pretty similar but if you are in the area, this is a good one to stop in at.
4	My favorite Egyptian cotton sheets, which I bought 11 years ago, finally sprung a non-fixable hole. I had a short memorial service for my beloved sheets, but then had to hurry off to find a new set. While in the Chandler area this weekend, the Yelp app told me I was near a Bed Bath & Beyond so I popped over. I liked this location immediately because the parking lot wasn't packed, unlike the BB&B near where I live. It was easy to get in, and an employee greeted me as soon as I walked in. I found the sheets and set about choosing a suitable replacement. I love how they have samples out for you to feel, without opening any packages. I did find a new set which I like pretty well so far. BB&B has all sorts of things for your home, from kitchen pots/pans/utensils/tools, to bath shower curtains and decor, to candles, to bedroom needs, cleaning needs, picture frames, and small general home tchotchkes and novelties. I believe they have a wedding registry option. I'll definitely consider coming back to this location instead of the one near me.
4	This is a very good location because the employees are really friendly and don't ignore you like some locations. If you sign up for their emails, they will send you coupons. Don't forget your 20% off coupon they always give out in the Sunday paper flyer!
5	20% off of the entire purchase for Black Friday. The specials were only 6 AM to noon though. I can say I love it that the managers always let you know that there is a 100% quality guarantee or you may exchange at any time.
