4	Pretty good food and usually a good time. Staff always seems nice and knows what they are doing, always seems busy also...they have cheap drinks and usually specials. I recommend the wings or the provolone(fried).!
1	Gross. Rude and gross.
4	1st time here... won't be our last, really good! The fried chicken is way better than any other place I've had on this side of town. Staff was very friendly.
4	Good specials and great wings. Really decent prices.
5	Mohan's is a Penn Hills institution!So it was a Saturday night and I hadn't had a good wing in a while so we decided to try Mohan's again as they have been voted best wings in Penn Hills every year for as long as I can remember. Their menu has all of the usual suspects, burgers, salads, sandwiches, wraps and much more but the undisputed star of the menu has to be the wings! They are whole wings and they are HUGE!It had been years since we visited so much to our surprise we saw that they have expanded and more than double their space. We were quickly seated and had our drink orders taken.For our meals my wife went with the four piece fried chicken dinner which came with two sides. She choose a salad and cole slaw. The dinner also comes with a small basket of bread and butter. Our daughter got a burger and fries. No surprise there. I of course got the 6 piece wings with spicy ranch dressing on the side. I also got the potato wedges with cheddar and bacon on them. The wedges were delicious and cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Now when I tell you that the wings were old the chain, they were of the chain. Nice and big with a nice crispy skin and hot and juicy inside. These are by far the best wings in Penn Hills and dare I say the entire eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh! I could only eat two wings and about three wedges as I was stuffed. I was happy to have leftover to enjoy while watching football the next day. We will be back often!
4	This little place is a Penn Hills gem. They're well known in the community for their fried chicken. I visited recently with my grandma and my daughter, in between lunch and dinner. The waitress (I believe her name was Crystal?) was amazing and had suggestions ready when asked. The food came out quickly and was really good- their barbecue sauce is pretttttttty good.  All of our meals were hot and tasted good, my only gripe- and it's silly and minor- is that the portions are freaking huge. The kids meal had a big adult potion of fries. It's up to you if that's good or bad, just something I noticed. I welcomed the large portions for my green beans though- they really know how to cook 'em. I also really like that this place gives good service without charging an arm and a leg. Or a thigh. Get it? Because their specialty is chicken? And that's a cut of chicken? Oh forget it. I'm a yelper, I'm not funny. Anyway, the bottom line is that this is a good family restaurant at a reasonable price. We'll definitely be back.
