4	Great-tasting deep dish pizzas.  They make a mean calzone as well.  I'm a little sad that they don't use fresh mushrooms.
1	Dude, this pizza is gross. Canned mushrooms? Such a deal-breaker. Also, they put clumps of frozen spinach on top without really defrosting it or squeezing out water. And the clumps were COLD.
1	Crust takes almost exactly like cardboard and the toppings are icky.  I can't imagine why anyone would order from here.Although I did make a second order from here one time - New Year's Eve in fact - but that was only because the cab we had booked never showed up to bring us back home from downtown.  So, I walked here, ordered a pizza to be delivered to my house, then tried to make the delivery guy drive me AND the pizza.  Pretty smart, huh?  Too bad they wouldn't let me though.  So I canceled the ordered and kept on walking.  And walking.  And walking.  It's a long way to east Urbana from downtown Champaign.  In the cold.  On New Year's Eve.
3	Forget the pizza here.  Just forget it.  It's not nearly as good as Garcia's or Papa Del's.  In fact it's not even better than Papa John's. CALZONES.  They have fabulous calzones here.  They just ooze delicious cheese and are stuffed with toppings.  Calzones; that's what Prime Time Pizza (ironically) is for, kids.
2	Their stuffed pizza is good, but not comparable to others in town. I'm a little pissed since last time I ordered, I asked them to put cheese on top of my stuffed pizza instead of the tomato sauce; they did, but after I paid, some guy came up to me and said, 'you should have been charged for an extra topping since you asked for cheese on top.' mind you, he had no idea what I had already paid!So, I told him to look at the bill, and sure enough, I had not been charged for the one additional topping (wow-a whole $1.50ish I'm sure!!!!) I tried to pay him, but he wouldn't take the money; I think he enjoyed bitching about it, and if I had given him the money, he would have had to shut up about it. Hey 'oh-my-God-you-didn't-pay-us-for-that-topping' pizza guy - no worries, I'll likely not be back.They don't keep this place clean at all; it's almost sickening to walk in the door.
4	All the other reviewers seem to be rich, snobs.  It is delivery or pick-up only....you don't go there for aesthetics.  This is the kind of mom & pop pizzeria PIZZA I grew up with.  Like thousands before them....its just a family with a special sauce and original crust recipe and a whole team of weird delivery guys.  But the pizza is great, big blobs of Italian Sausage, lots of cheese, sweet tomato sauce and a bready crust.  Pan is the way to go, skip the stuffed.  Thumbs up on the Calzones.  Thumbs down on the pasta.  And order the breadsticks w/ cheese (a small pizza w/ garlic butter and cheese) not the garlic cheese bread (lame and the same price for half as much).  Hey, you can't have PapaDel's every night even if you are a rich college kid.
1	Took over an hour and 15 minutes to get my pizza delivered, and it came out of the oven over an hour minutes earlier (I called the store to check on my order).The pizza itself was not good (probably because it had sat out of the oven for over an hour), and the breadsticks were also very poor (soggy, just kinda gross).
4	I made the mistake of stopping by  on and ordering a pizza there.  It took like 30 minutes(which is to be expected).  I ordered a Sausage and Pepperoni pizzaThat being said, I was generally impressed by the pizza I got  I'm probably going to go back a second time
2	pizza is not anything to write home about, that is for sure.I keep coming back for the fantastic calzones, Try pepperoni with italian beef, it's my favorite so far.The poorboys are also good, but i really can't recommend the pizza. They also frequently forget my drink with my delivery order, 2 out of the last three times in fact. And I live in cherry hills,  but a delivery time of over an hour nearly every time is pretty bad.they are lucky they have my favorite calzones in town.
