5	been out of touch and out of town for a while. so ventured back to my safe places i rely on and this place does not disappoint.  while a small competitor to the giant Starbucks, i get feelings of grandeur when i walk in this place. Surrounded by the aroma of fresh brewed strong coffee i love while i wait, i can sit outside, in the brisk fall air and people watch.  their coffee rivals starbucks, they leave room for cream if you ask for it. the best part is i've never had to ask for a sleeve to fit over the hot cup. it's like starbucks rations them. hey if i'm paying 4 bucks for coffee, why should a sleeve be optional? oh and the dar-jeeling tea is served in a variety of ways but always steaming hot and tastefully strong. that's my take. i'll......be back!
4	You know that your at a resort when the water costs more than the coffee; lol.  Had a business meeting at GVR yesterday and wanted a quick caffeine fix and a bottle of water.  Service was fast and friendly like all the CB&TL's and the coffee was good as usual.
2	This review s not for the products as I love their Iced Blended and their Iced Teas..I went in there this morning, there was a few people sitting near by but no one in line and the girl working the register had such an attitude, like really pouring ice in a cup and pouring tea is really not that hard of a request..Be glad I am not one of the no foam, extra hot, soy chai, 1/2 splenda people..sheesh...
2	We stopped in for a coffee and a chai tea and the staff was friendly and prompt.  The coffee was just okay and the chai was not like any chai I've ever had - I'm not sure but I think there was a licorice taste in there that just did not belong in my chai.  In short, it was okay for a coffee place in a casino, but not really worth the price we paid.
4	Good coffee spot inside GVR. The service is fast and friendly and the coffee is always made just right.
4	Best iced tea in town and unlike Starbucks, they don't burn their coffee. might be five-stars if you didn't get an attitude from the staff 2/3 of the time. They would be wise to invest in some pleasant and fun employees.
3	I do like the coffee bean.  I love their unique offerings such as the pomegranete blueberry tea latte.  On this visit, I ordered a seasonal special; the salted carmel cappucino.  It was tasty but they lose a star for value.  Twice in the past month, I've been a victim of severe cash register shock at the coffee bean.  Fool me twice, shame on me, I know.  Just two weeks ago, I visited the town square location and my pumpkin spice was over $6! Thats insane!  The cappucino was less, but was served to me in what appeared to be a kid sized cup.  Hmpfh! I felt jipped. They are always sunny and friendly and I do enjoy their bevergaes but it'll cost you! And more than the avaerage (i.e. Starbucks)
4	Being a Seattleite, I have to get my morning fix. In fact, I can't function without one, especially after a night of whooping it up with our clients in Vegas. Did you know that coffee is actually the best cure for a hangover (besides more alcohol)? Yep, tested and approved (true scientific research). GVR doesn't have a Starbukcks, but Coffee Bean is a short walk away from the meeting rooms. Since SB coffee tends to be acidic, I enjoyed the smoothness of these beans. They also use powder for flavorings, and my white chocolate latte did not disappoint! I recommend reducing the amount of flavoring to cut down on the sweetness and truly appreciate the espresso.Staff was friendly and as a guest of the hotel you get a 20% discount.Oh, and grab a flaky chocolate croissant while you are at it.
4	I love their hot Chai Tea Latte. Much, much better than SB and their pastries are tastier than SB's also. Sitting outside at The District when the weather is nice is very relaxing. They are a bit expensive, though.
2	Meh,Their ice blended drinks are decent,Same with their snacks. Their coffee is a small step above starbucks. Though still over priced.They still use Republic of Tea for their teas though....To understand what's so bad about Republic of TeaJust abbreviate it...ReallyoldTea.
1	They are always out of powder. Who ever does the ordering should order more or be fired. Can't be that hard of a job! If you sell 20 a week you should order 40 come on high school grads.
4	Yep, I come here often. Coffee is hot and fresh, staff is polite and friendly. I do like the tea later in the evening when I am in the library studying. I'm a fan
