4	Tucked away in a nondescript shopping mall (wait, did I just describe most of the Valley?), Best Shoe Repair is a no frills place that does a great job.I had two pairs of heels that were worn down and needed new pads (not sure if that is the right term). One day turnaround for fairly cheap - $22 for both pairs. They also recommended a shoe polish for my favorite pair of flats.
5	I was referred here by another shoe shop (see previous review).  I dropped off my wedding shoes to get dyed.  $30 and a week later, I couldn't be more happy with how they turned out!
5	SO happy I found this place!  Thanks fellow Yelpers!I had a strap break on one of my fave pair of shoes, and I desperately tried finding a similar replacement pair for weeks before giving in to the fact that I wouldn't be able to replace them.  I had to try to get them fixed instead.Thanks to Best Shoe Repair they fixed them BETTER THAN NEW, and I am one happy girl.  It only cost me $15 and they had it ready for me in about 3 days.  I LOVE this place & will be bringing them any of my shoes, bags, belts, etc that need repair!
5	Best shoe repair around. They even fixed my suitcase last week.
4	Excellent shoe repair shop.  My girlfriend needed to have a pair of new shoes repaired and they did a wonderful job.  They were timely, friendly, charged a very fair price and did exactly what we asked.  If you are in need of a shoe repair than you found the right place.
5	Had some expensive dress shoes come apart on a vertical seam on the heal.  thought they were destined for the garbage.  they fixed it to look almost like new, and ONLY CHARGED ME $12.  I don't need shoe repair often, but when I do this is my place.
4	I brought 3 pairs of shoes here on the recommendation of a co-worker. I am so glad I did. All 3 pairs were heels that needed to be re-tabbed. I dropped them off and a week later they were ready for pickup. Not only were they were re-tabbed but polished up and looking almost new. One pair are 8 years old that you would never know were that old! Shoes that would have been relegated to the trash heap including my favorite black Guess strappy sandals now have a new lease on life. Cost is only $10 a pair and worth every penny! You will not be disappointed.
