1	User Rating: 1 out of 5 stars by Totally Shafted 07/04/2009 I would never recommend Mesa TV to anyone. What more do I need to say? Don't trust what they say, make sure you have extended warranties in your hand even though you have the receipts showing that you paid for them and Mesa TV "says" they were purchased. I'm out $800.00 on $5,000 worth of appliances because they didn't purchase our warranties. Would I buy from them again............not in this lifetime!!!!! Would I recommend them.....not even to my worst enemies. BBB has marked any complaints against them as "resolved". We're the one listed as "administratively judged resolved". After 30 pages of documentation proving that we had paid for our warranties, it beats the heck out of me as to what it takes to have found Mesa TV guilty of gross negligence. They have some pull somewhere. I will do everything within my power to let everyone know that they should never buy from such an untrustworthy business. Mr. Louie S Moses, Jr is the President of Mesa TV. He doesn't even know that he's the President. They said refund was made to me..NEVER. They said Service call was paid by them....NEVER. They are liars and thieves.
1	See Mesa TV & Appliance review.
5	I love Louie!!!! He beats everyone elses price. They are so sweet and delivery is quick and they are gentle. Louie will even search for things for you if he doesnt have them. He was recommended to me and so far I haven't been able to beat his prices or services. The review below me will definitely make me get copies of all my warranties but that should be a given whenever anyone buys anything.
5	Louie and all his employees ROCK!!!   I will never go anywhere else to buy a television ,  furniture or appliances.  There prices are the best around town and out of town.  I highly recommend them to every one.
5	Last August, I found myself needing 5 appliances for both my new home and our place that we were going to rent. I was planning on buying everything at Spencer's in Mesa where I bought a HE washer a few months prior. However, I found this place via google and was impressed with the prices. It was (and always is) important for me to buy local, so I went in to see what kind of deals were available with a big purchase.The salesman, Brian, really took care of me. He was not high-pressure at all. He also educated me on counter-depth refrigerators (the most expensive of the 5 items). I brought the quote for a Kitchen Aid fridge over to Spencer's and the salesperson first struggled to find the model, then  told me there was no way they could come close to the price. Brian not only gave me a great price on that fridge, but he also happily matched a sales price from Ultimate Electronics that I saw advertised the next day.They also have a great price on the pedestals for washer/dryers, about $80 less than Spencers.Mesa TV and Appliance also has 12 months no interest financing available. I happily took advantage of the offer. 10 months after my purchase, I have not had any problems.You really cannot beat the prices and customer service here. Avoid those big-box national retailers like the plague!
5	Tried Spencer once...will no make that mistake again. Mesa TV & Appliance is a great place to spend your money if you need electronics or appliances. Don't give you money to big chains...support small community businesses.
5	Six stars if I could!!  I just bought a new refrigerator and double oven for my house.  Wow this place is a real find!  I knew exactly what I wanted because I'd done quite a bit of research and I wanted to stay with a brand that matched my other appliances.  I worked with Brian.  He gave me a great deal, he actually beat the prices of the internet appliance store I had checked out.  (I didn't even ask him to do that.)  The appliances came in exactly when they were supposed to and they delivered them right when they said they would.  The install guy is also very pleasant, efficient and careful.
1	We purchased a cooktop from Louie.  Install guy from Dino's showed up and oops, he forgot to bring his saw for an adjustments for the cut out.  Next day Dino's guy shows up again, installs cooktop, checks 1 burner & says "it works.  Have a good night" and leaves.  I try to use the induction and the entire cooktop FREAKS out and won't work.  Call Dino's, repair guy comes back says "huh, I think I need to order a board".  5 days later he shows up with a new board.  Gets everything installed & a horrible electrical burn smells invades my entire kitchen.  Two repair guys are in the house now...one says "oh that's normal" the other one says "I've never encountered that.  I'd call the manufacturer".  We call Mesa TV & Appliance, speak to Louie thinking certainly he will help us.  Nope.  We call the manufacturer who sends out yet another repair guy, different company.  This guy tells us it's a fire hazard & he recommends replacement.  Manufacturer says within the first 30 days it falls on the sales store to replace.  We call Louie again.  He REFUSES to replace it.  Says that everything we are telling him is the opposite of what everyone else is telling him.  3rd repair guy didn't say anything was wrong with it, manufacturer didn't say it was his responsibility to replace it.  Basically called us a liar.  When we asked him if he talked with Dino's repair guys - the ones HE sent out? "Uh, no, I didn't call them...".  A simple call to either one of the repair guys from Dino's would have proven that there was a very definite electrical burn odor coming from the cooktop.  But let's not investigate that.  Let's just call your customer a liar, leave them without a cooktop for weeks, then try not to refund all their money until they call you on it.  Sure, Louie may offer lower prices but at what cost?!  There is no customer service behind his sales.  He cares only about his commission then drops you as quick as he can!  He claims that he spends massive amounts of time on the phone on your behalf yet when a phone call is made between us and the manufacturer he won't get on the call with us, claims he was never asked.  Says the repair guy that wasn't from Dino's claimed we were argumentative....why would we be argumentative with someone who is there to help us?!  Louie claims that the repair guy said nothing was wrong with the unit yet the slip the repair guy left for us flat out states there's an issue and he recommends replacement.  Seriously?!  On top of everything else, he promised us he would have the cooktop cleaned up prior to delivery, there was a bunch of glue residue all over the stainless steel.  Was it cleaned up?  No.  I had to take care of that myself.  The only one who can't seem to get his story right here is Louie.  He'd rather insinuate that we are lying instead of making an effort to correct what he did wrong.  Please, by all means, yell at your customer.  That always helps an already poor situation.  You'd think spending over $1400 on a cooktop with plans on buying several other appliances would encourage a salesman to do whatever he can to make things right.  Not here.  EVERY phone call and in person conversation I had with Louie post sale he blamed someone else for whatever was happening..."I can't speak for Dino's", "I can't speak for the manufacturer", "I can't, I can't, I can't"...that's all we heard from him.  I would rather spend more money at another family owned business or even a big box store than I would spend a dime at Mesa TV & Appliance.  I will NEVER shop there again.  I will NEVER refer anyone there.  If I hear someone singing their praises I will be SURE to tell them of our experience and tell them to look out!  Pray you don't have any issues.  This has been a complete waste of our time!
5	My husband and I, our two grown daughters all have shopped here for years.We have been given the best service and lowest prices you could ever find in Phoenix. We always fo a comparrison shop first before we buy from Louie.We have purchased multiple  appliances, water softerners, furniture, large screen TV's, beds, mattresses, and decorations. All for bargain prices. We would not shop anywhere else now. They are the best and we are picky!!!
