3	Stopped into this nice Arby's for the first time, only to be confronted by an evil air blower in the bathroom!  I've seen this movie before!     :-OOk, so you wash your hands, but how are you supposed to turn off the water without getting germs back on them from the household style faucets?  So I goes into the stall, & with wet hands am trying to get some toilet paper to turn off the running water with the TP dissolving as fast as I can grab it!  This is SO costing them a Star!!!Ok, so I finally get past the bathroom nightmare & order their new "Ultimate Angus Philly Sub", with fries & a Sierra Mist soda.All three items were delicious.  The sub is much smaller than you would get at Subway, for instance, but had a good amount of meat on it for its size, & this Angus roast beef is a big step up in taste from their regular, somewhat cardboardy meat.  The curly fries were killer, & I enjoyed my first try ever of Sierra Mist (since they didn't have Coke).The restaurant here was clean & comfortable, & nice soft rock played at the right volume.  Just kill the air blower!Ultimate Angus Philly Sub Combo a little high at reg. $7.49 but an excellent value at $5.19 with the ubiquitously available discount coupon, & you help yourself to as much soda as you want.     :-)
2	So, I really don't like complaining, but, only having two people run the joint in the early evening is definitely not enough. My husband and I first attempted to go through the drive though and after a few minutes, we weren't even sure if the place was open so we pulled around to try to go inside. By the time we parked, someone else was already in the drive through being helped. It was slightly annoying but still laughable at this point. When we went inside, we quietly waited for the guy in front of us to finish his order. However, as soon as he was done, they told us to wait and started helping all of the drive through customers. Either we have extremely bad luck or they definitely need to get their act together and hire more people. They made up for at least two stars by being friendly when they finally helped us and giving us fresh, hot fries. I don't think we'll ever have time to come to this location again.
5	We don't have an Arby's near us and it has been years since I've had their roast beef and horsey sauce. But we were in the area and we decided to stop in.   It is as good as I remember.   My son had the Reel big filet fish sandwich which he absolutely loved.  It had a lot of tartar sauce but it really was very good. The curly fries were just ok but I was happy to have something else to dip in the horsey sauce which I couldn't get enough of.   I was debating between 4 and 5 stars but my son pushed me over the edge to the 5 star rating.
