5	A great addition to the wonderful Bloomfield Neighborhood. All their products are from Nepal - Very authentic and reasonably priced. They have variety of fashion wear and jewelry including some silver jewelry pieces.Overall, a nice and reasonably priced boutique.
5	Woah.. Just walked in to take a look and my gf left with two skirts, a scarf, a tanktop and some gloves for under $70. Unique, well thought out handmade designs. Beautiful clothes, beautiful shop. Makes me want to visit Nepal.
5	Nice business with really good if not great, unique products.  Excited to purchase gifts and of course cute things for myself!
5	My friend introduced me to this neat little shop, and I think it is one of my favorite local boutiques in Pittsburgh. Kathmandu has all sorts of odds-and-ends to appeal to your zen nature.Clothing: The clothes here are tailored more for the "meditation" and "zen" look, but they are durable, nice looking and AFFORDABLE. My boyfriend got a pair of nice linen pants for $25. I almost bought a skirt for about the same price, but I didn't think it would support my ample bottom. He also bought a lovely shirt that showcased several symbols he believes in. Other clothes range from unique tye-dyed pieces and other woven goods. Accessories: The accessories here are fun and beautiful. Even better, they're affordable. There are gorgeous rings, bangles and pipes. Bags, cases and incense burners are also throughout the store. My favorite purchase here was a small singing bowl. I have wanted one for a very long time, but they are a costly investment. I am not concerned with getting THE BEST singing bowl out there, but this little $29 one was just the right price, and it is pretty. I have been enjoying it so much since I bought it. It's something meaningful to me. Kathmandu is a wonderful shop that you won't regret stepping into. The nice gentleman who was working was knowledgeable, soft spoken and kind. He told me, "I try to keep prices low." I get the feeling that this shop actually wants to help people get these things that are normally VERY overpriced. Highly recommended. Stop by and support this small business!
