5	Yay! I'm finally going to register my car in Nevada! I can't wait to go to the DMV. NOT. So, after getting my smog check, I drive over to the Flamingo DMV... Before pulling into the parking lot, there are some LARGE vehicles with signs and people out, waving me over. I pull up and tell them I need to register my car. The chick is like Cool. Just go park and we can help you!So Josh is totally the man and helps me with everything. they have fax, printer, email, credit card machine access all out of the back of their trucks. There was like ZERO waiting which is ALWAYS a HUGE plus. Please don't go there with EXPIRED registration or you will pay an arm and a leg for same day service. My shit was very current and I paid for the ten day service. Let's just say I got my shit in WAY less than ten days - I went back there and they put my new plates on for me and I was on my merry way!! It was THE best and easiest registration I've had in Nevada EVAAAAAAAAAAAAR. Yaaay!
5	After waking up early on a Saturday to go to the DREADED DMV to finally register my car in Nevada, I was actually pleasantly surprised to find these guys as you pull in! Exactly what I was looking for... in big letters it read: We register your car for you! This has been the best "dmv" experience I've had... the staff is great, very professional, friendly and helpful. My registration is taking longer than anticipated (my fault) and they have been nothing but helpful, updating me with calls and even got me a temp permit! I will recommended them to everyone I know here - it's worth the money!
5	These guys are GREAT! Quick to handle everything, incredibly friendly and service oriented. I noticed some reviews in google complained about their price but frankly I feel that they are worth every last dime.
5	I was pressed for time on Saturday March 1st to get my vehicle registered and showed up at 2 dmv locations before 8 am with lines wrapped around the building.  I didn't want to waste my entire day waiting in line,  so I went to Dmv Easy and was impressed with the scope of services they provide. I paid the reasonable fee and went on my way to handle other errands.  I was totally surprised when 2 hrs later they called to tell me come pick up the sticker.  Wow fast and professional.  The time value of money truly was in effect. The have my business!!!
5	The exceptional customer service began with Chelsea the young lady who pointed me in the right direction to Flamingo and Durango where the big monster truck sat on the corner of 76. There I was greeted by the charming young (wink) owner who set out the price and the worth of their service. With a great and simple explanation I was sold! I obtained a title, smog check, car wash, registration, and they even put my plates on for me... I DIDN'T WAIT ONE MINUTE at the DMV!!! Not to mention the awesome referrals to get my headlights whitened! Great staff... I may start having my morning coffee there! Thank you guys!
5	So I've used these guys' services for the last couple years and every time I have an incredible experience. Not only is it a great business and service that they offer but the customer service is amazing. It's definitely worth the money trust me!! They make sure everything is taken care of all the way down to making sure you and theft proof screws for your plates. Johneric always takes care of me and is great to work with. You can also ask for Brian he's the man.
1	It's a rip off. Save your money and wait in line yourself. It'll save you $200 bucks.They also like to register your car under other peoples names.STAY AWAY!!!'
5	Wow, what a fantastic place.  Fastest service in town.  I wish I knew about this company years ago.  I didn't get my decals for my registration in the mail, so I didn't feel like going to the DMV and waiting in line.  These guys will cut that process for you and do it for you so you don't have to wait in line.  I will use them again if the need ever comes up!
1	Rip. Off. If you want anything done same/next day, it will cost you $200 ON TOP OF whatever the DMV is charging you.They were very friendly until I started asking them questions about their business and they became rude and condescending.  I don't want to give my business to people like that and you shouldn't either.Don't waste your money for something that can be taken care of online or under two hours just down the street.Terrible.
5	I had to renew my registration so I went back here. They have terrific customer service and they gave me a deal for being a repeat customer...But I do want people to know they can just renew their registration at a DMV Kiosk for a few dollars and no wait times. There are SO many things you can do online now without eve stepping foot into a DMV its worth checking out and it costs much less than the fee's they charge here.
