2	c'mon bro. you know i had to eat here. but they had the skimpiest menu ever. had maybe like 4 items. wtf. service was good as usual for panda. and this place was large but their items weak. where is my chicken and potato or chicken and string beans??
4	The staff is awesome, very clean restaurant (especially considering the location), but the prices are little out of control.
2	Everybody knows that there's a Panda Express on almost every corner and inside several casinos. My mom flew in for a visit and was craving Chinese. I know this location is somewhat near Chinatown but to be honest I've only eaten Chinese in that area @ one place and it was my worst experience so I chose to just take her here.. cheap good Chinese.2 ITEM ENTREE: We wanted to try the new Kobari beef but the bin was empty. So... I asked the only girl behind the counter how long would we wait before the next batch was made. She didnt seem to understand what I said and gave me and my mom a sample of 2 small pieces of beef left @ the edge of the barren pan. (not what I asked for but GREAT!.. it was goooooood!) I was excited.. so I asked my quetion again. Nope didn't understand. so I asked her in spanish (what little I could muster up) "cuando va estar lista la carne?"... nope... well hell couldn't figure out what her primary language was b/c it wasnt chinese. My mom finally said I think she's cuban or PR or something b/c we heard her speaking Spanish as we left. SO.. she didn't answer me on purpose. How does a place stay open if you cant order?  We hung bk for a few minutes discussing if we should just find another Panda Express or go next door to the Orleans and eat @ their Chinese place. We decided we'll just wait for the nxt batch and we pointed to whatever we wanted - Kobari beef and Beef & broccoli. sooo... good. Id definitely eat that again.. just maybe not @ this location.
1	Close earlier than posts on website and closed even earlier than posted on the door. Very disappointed!!
3	I know Panda Express is viewed by many as 'fake' Chinese food... and that's fine by me. I like the 'fake' Orange Chicken from Panda Express better then the real stuff I have had elsewhere, so from time to time we will get lunch from Panda Express. The employees are always friendly when I am there, but I must say, it's kinda weird to have people serving you 'Chinese' food while they speak to each other in Spanish...
3	When you go to Panda you know what you are getting.  It may not be gourmet or "authentic" but it is good, relatively cheap & always filling. Perfect for lunch on a workday! This location was very clean & welcoming.  Ordered the Kobari Beef and the Sweetfire Chicken Breast.  The beef was tasty-maybe a tad too salty.  The sweetfire is always yummy!  I only get the chow mein as I'm not a fan of fried rice in general.They also had a new iced tea-It was a special tropical blend for PE.  Very good!  I refilled & enjoyed the rest at work.
3	Not great,but cant say it was bad...if you want some fast Chinese it works.
3	CHEAP + FAST = EASY LUNCH!!!It's panda express so everyone know what that means cheap, typical, and pretty tasty Chinese food. It's near my job and though there are many other Chinese restaurants this one is quick and I know what I'm getting, and usually I'm lucky to get it right out of the Wok, and even it wasn't--- I still get a bowl to go.
4	Totally used to boycott all panda's due to their use of only dark meat. Now, I can finally go because they feature the white. My go-to dish is the String Bean chicken and I even tried a Black Pepper Shrimp dish that was shockingly better than in alot of Vegas dumpy Chinese places who forget to take off that fatty strip on top of the shrimp. I will walk out if the pan isn't more than 1/2 full and they need to work on the Fried Rice quality. I always get steamed rice and if you take 30 seconds for the phone survey, you get a free entree on your next visit. So, you still have to buy a two entree plate, but a totally free entree is yours on the side. Bejing beef had its moments, but next time either two egg rolls or that sweetfire chicken breast will be on the list. Welcome back Panda. In Vegas, you have choices, but traveling around panda is like gourmet in some small citiies, but each place deserves inspection before you chow down.
1	Bad customer service. Cheaply made marble tabletops are dangerous and the manager will blame you for them breaking.  I won't be back here again.
3	I frequent this location as it's close by to where I work.Plus I need something cheap and fast.I can usually get my food and leave pretty quickly, unless there's someone in line undecided what to get or if there happens to be a long line.It can be busy at times. Usually it depends if there is something huge happening across the street at Orlenas Arena.Also I find it strange, at busy times (like dinner) that stuff isn't prepard and ready to go.The orange chicken can be bad or good depending who makes it.And I'm talking about freshly made if can be bad (over wok'd)For the most part I get good service.This location does have a tendency to have people begging or prostitutes walking about.I actually prefer the Burbank, Ca location.
3	The food looked like it's been sitting there for hours. I picked a few things that I really didn't want to eat but it looked more fresh compared to the other food items. The service was good but not a fan how the food looked...dry and sitting there for hours or so. Maybe it was the weather because it was raining...who knows.
4	Before this experience you would have had a hard time getting me to come with you to a Panda Express. However, my coworkers wanted me to come to lunch with her and this is her favorite place so off we went.She originally didn't know that this location existed & she was also pleasantly surprised.Upon arrival, we were greeted very nicely and walked into a very clean restaurant. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I enjoyed the fact that they offer steamed brown rice and brown fried rice. It is nice to see such options.The food was amazingly fresh, my vegetables cooked perfectly with some crunch to it. It wasn't heavy in oil or grease to my surprise either. I have ate at other Panda Express' before but I do not ever recall leaving one, thinking that my food was pretty good and that I would return. They also carry this peach green tea that I cannot get enough of. One of the staff members walked around while we ate and asked everyone if everything was okay. He did this a couple of times during my visit & he made sure to not ask the same customer twice. I like that.
3	If I had seen a Chinese restaurant in the vicinity of Charlie Frias Park that is rated highly, I would of made it lunch. I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant lunch specials. They are one of the best deals in town. I didn't do my homework, and after burning fuel driving around, I wanted to grab lunch and get on with exploring Charlie Frias Park. I checked-in at the Panda.  These days my opinion of the Panda has changed. The average $9 plus tax transaction for a two item combo and medium beverage trails behind the pricing of genuine Chinese restaurants. Especially at lunch.   In my book, Panda Express is a good choice when it is in a large place with a captive audience or when the area lacks good Chinese restaurants. This location is an example. It is in a location where a transient stretch of Tropicana merges into Las Vegas communities. The majority of restaurants are fast food eateries in the shadow of the Orleans. When I dine here it is more out of convenience than hunger. In my situation it was near Charlie Frias Park, a quick yet creepy walk.  This Panda has a large footprint. I cannot see a problem with ever getting a table.   The chicken with mushrooms, fried rice (they also have brown), and chow mein was fast food good.  Where Panda outbeats local Chinese restaurant lunch specials is in their chow mein. At the local restaurants I often leave over the chow mein noodles where in Panda, the chow mein noodles on my plate turns to air. Problem! Chicken with mushrooms was not my food of choice. This location suffered from what I call the Panda Syndrom. This is a major flaw when the food trays are empty causing a presentation of metal and cooking oils (to put it kindly). This looks bad. They would be doing the customer a favor by putting a cover over the empty food trays. Possibly showing a panda with a frown saying "Sorry we will be cooking new food."  When there is a good Chinese restaurant nearby and I am unrushed I will probably pass over Panda. However, when I am hungry and want to move on, the Panda will probably get some of my check-in love.
3	My first impression was not so good. The bathrooms were locked for cleaning, the food was sparse and not fresh, and the staff didn't even say hello like usual Panda fashion. And, after they eventually opened the restrooms - they didn't even look clean. But I opted to try out the food since I was seriously ready for some Chinese food. I made a comment about the food not looking so fresh and they cooked everything that my boyfriend and I ordered on the spot for us. My faith was restored. The noodles were particularly tasty, even moreso than other Panda locations.
3	WOMEN: Have a promotional modeling gig at an expo or desperately need to lose 5 pounds in a short amount of time to make that bikini look good? Come to the Tropicana Panda Express located near the Bank of America and order the Fire Cracker Chicken.MEN: Have a weigh in for a fight tomorrow in the UFC and are currently 5-7 pounds over your weight class and don't want to be docked points on the score card? Come to the Tropicana Panda Express located near the Bank of America and order the Fire Cracker Chicken.I usually don't review fast food restaurants because everyone's been there and already have their own opinions but I had a unique experience at the one on Tropicana...Had the fire cracker chicken and it tasted excellent. Portions are small and the place makes 2000% profit on white rice (which I usually don't get) charging $2 for something that costs a dime to make, no thanks.The real fun began about 30 minutes after the meal. Explosive diarrhea (from bad chicken, I presume) that had me running to the bathroom a dozen times in a 4 hour period til there was nothing left in my stomach....and to me that earns a 3-star "A-OK"Casino pools are due to open soon and I can now see my abs in the mirror. I may specifically visit this location the night before I'm due to spend a day in California at the beach or if I have friends in town who want to visit the casino pool..Plus you get quality alone time away from your girlfriend/boyfriend to comb facebook and play candy crush on your smart phone while you are locked away in the bathroom for 30 minutes.
1	The food is good, have eaten here before, service is good, never had a problem,  then why 1 star you ask, here is why.   It is Saturday Aug 2nd at 4:30pm and I am literally watching two employees argue at the register about how to do ones job.  The lady in green is going off on the cashier in red, why do I need to see or ESPECIALLY hear any of his.  Where is the manager.......that is why 1 star!!!!  Stupid!!!!   One in green needs to be reprimanded!
1	I check the website for the schedule,  got there 11:07 pm, they were close and the staff inside they didn't open the door even to tell me why they closed 23 minutes before (web site says that they should close on Saturday at 11:30 pm)Love PE, but I will never go back to this location and I saw that other people had same problem
