5	The park itself is a good size, with Polar Ice sitting right in the middle of it. In the front of the lot is the dog park (see more about that in a second), and the back half has a few baseball diamonds, and a walking trail that goes around a cute lake. Very pretty and well maintained area. The dog park is a smaller-sized fenced in area (in comparison to nearby Cosmo Dog Park), but it's much cleaner than any of my several experiences at Cosmo. There are 2 separate areas: one for timid dogs and one for active dogs. They have containers that hold plastic bags to pick up dog waste, but it didn't seem as though the town supplied the bags- the containers were filled with plastic shopping bags from Fresh N Easy, Safeway, Fry's, etc so maybe the patrons bring a supply each time they come to pitch in? Either way, I didn't see a single piece of dog poop anywhere in either of the yards.
4	My dogs and I loved that this park has two sections...one being designated for "timid" dogs. Three of the dogs I bring are small so we hung out in the this area. It was great that they could run around without getting caught in the mix of large dog roughhousing.However, the grass that is planted here is filled with small burrs that attach to their long hair (and any fleece you might be wearing) with avengeance.It took me a few hours to remove the burrs from all of my dogs after playing in park for only half an hour. They were covered in them and not happy about this.
4	We take our two big dogs and occasionally our little dog to this park all the time.  For the most part, the quality of people who come are wonderful...occasionally an aggressive dog shows up, we just leave if we doubt a dogs ability to get along.  Almost always spotless..there are burrs in the grass during the winter months...but Our dogs love the room to run and this is a great place for them to do it.
3	Went early Thursday morning with my 2 very small dogs. At our normal dog park they run and play with the big dogs no problem. When we get there all the dogs are larger and in the larger area, and since I take my dogs to interact with other dogs we wanted to get in there with them. The owners were just standing around chatting and I walked up slowly to observe what was going on. There was one man who was the owner of a Lab who was barking (probably wanting him to throw the ball he had in his hand) and he was yelling at the dog and making aggressive "Im going to hit you" motion to get him to stop. Then there were two other very large dogs pacing the fence line with muzzles on. Obviously these dogs are aggressive. As we tried to enter the park there were 5 dogs trying to get to mine and not one, NOT ONE owner was calling their dogs or addressing the issue. So we went to the smaller area. The park is a nice wide open place and I wish I could feel comfortable taking my babies there but the owners are careless and rude, which means to me that their dogs are probably not so different.
3	My son plays baseball for a league that uses the parks fields. The park is always clean.   It has a nice dog park, little playground and pond for fishing.  Two problems for me are that there is alot of misquitos around the pond area and there is a loud train that comes through every night.
3	Here for the Arsenal Challenge tournament.  Nice enough facility but mosquitoes are out in full force. Has playground for kids and a small pond.  Decent soccer fields and good baseball diamonds.
