4	I was a bit bummed out that we couldn't find a cheap last minute hotel on the strip, but I'm happy with my stay at the Best Western Plus.  We won this place on Hotwire - it cost about $70 the night before 4th of July.  I mentally groaned when we found out the hotel we won was a Best Western.  Best Western?!  This is where old people stay and where furniture smells like old stinky cardboard.  We quickly read a few online reviews and they were actually pretty decent - there was hope after all.  This place is NOT that close to the strip.  It's about 15 minutes out.  When we saw the hotel, it looked fairly new and modern (whew).  So far, so good.  We checked in - unfortunately, all they had were single king sized beds - oh well.  It was a holiday weekend so I couldn't really complain.  Customer service was good - I felt bad as  it seemed that only one employee was running the show.  The same guy who checked us in also went to see if there were any rollaway beds available.  He was also the same guy who brought us extra blankets and then extra towels to our door.I was quite pleased to see that the rooms were nice, clean, and modern.  Almost on par with something you'd expect from a Marriott, Hyatt, or Hilton.  There was even a kitchenette area to the side of the room - complete with sink, fridge, and a microwave.  As we were on the upper floor, we even had vaulted ceilings which made the room feel a bit more spacious.  The bed was quite comfy and the bathroom was clean.  Room has a flat screen TV - just to prove this isn't an old school Best Western.  They even offer free wi-fi.Mornings come with a complementary breakfast.  They had toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, mini pancakes, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, juice, and coffee.  Fairly good selection and the food was "fresh".  Breakfast area was clean and they also had free newspapers.  Overall, this is a very solid place to stay.  Prices are reasonable and the hotel is new and clean.  However, if you're staying here for the purpose of visiting the strip, it's not close unless you feel like a 15 minute drive each way.
3	For the price in the area, this Best Western was the best deal.For a Best Western Plus, we've stayed in better ones but given this was a last minute change in our schedule...I'm glad we got a non-smoking room but the carpet was pretty dirty feeling on bare feet and there was an odor that went away once we got used to being in the room. Go figure.Still, the rooms were clean and the area safe. I chose it because it wasn't right up against the main drag or the highway.The rooms are a decent size and the beds were comfortable. It's quiet and there was free wifi and breakfast with scrambled eggs.
5	I freaking love this place! My father-in-law got us this place for our Thanksgiving trip and it was awesome. Extremely clean and well-supplied, this was a great place to bunk for three days. They have a nice indoor pool--our baby's first swimming pool experience!--a little continental breakfast room, and a laundry facility. Our suite was great--I could have lived there for weeks--and the TVs were brand-new and worked well. The best part, however, was how nice they were when I lost my wallet! Housekeeping helped my in-laws tear the room apart, and then another staffer found it later on a couch in the lobby (I'm an idiot!) and called us right away. It's much closer to Summerlin than the Strip, and the WiFi got got kind of wonky one night, but all-in-all, I thought this was one of the nicer modest hotels I've ever visited and I hope we get to stay there again soon!
3	About 20 minutes northwest of the Strip . I needed a room with disabled access and they had it. Happy me:) . The desk staff are friendly, helpful and down to earth . There's a 24 hour spa and pool. Full breakfast in the am. I had a room with a kitchenette that included a dishwasher and stove/ oven . Nice for the price. Room was good size. Bed incredibly comfy and pillows exceptional , me being a picky person,,, this  says a lot.  Definitely would recommend to LV visitors who don't want to deal with the madness of the Strip. On an amusing side note- the CVS pharmacy  down the street has slot machines ..
4	Very nice motel at reasonable rate at least for November.  OK to good breakfast but breakfast room kinda small.  Moved on to a more expensive hotel for conference and wished I was back here.
5	Being an orthodox Jew can be tough when it comes to staying in hotels on the Sabbath. The staff at this Best Western went above and beyond without making us feel stupider than we already look, electric doors on the rooms and the lobby could make things tough. The rooms are huge, the beds are comfy and they don't have any of those "never washed" blanket cover things. Fridge and microwaves in the rooms and a good sized pool.
3	Nice place and rooms. Really quite and seemingly new. One of the reasons I chose to stay here was the pool and spa. Yes, they do have both on site, indoors, but they don't seem to keep them warm. When I get in a spa, I'd like a hot tub! Disappointing, but they provide a nice breakfast in the morning for people staying :)
3	I stay at Best Westerns when I'm looking for a hotel last minute, as they're fairly consistent.  I was in Vegas, and didn't want to stay on/near the strip because I wanted some peace and quiet.This place was okay.  The room layout and size were decent.  The carpet seemed like it could use some cleaning.  The ice machine was on the absolute opposite end of the floor, and the ice machine on our floor was non-functional, so I had to go down a floor to get ice.  Housekeeping didn't replace all the towels after the first night, nor did they bring the extra blanket that we requested.  (They have a door hanger for which you can request such things.)  I had to go to the front desk and ask them to bring the extra blanket up.  (I went ahead and did this in person since I had to go to the ice machine near the front desk.)They were renovating the breakfast room while I was here, and the entire hotel (except for my room, thankfully) had a strange, semi-noxious odor to it.The bed was comfortable, if nothing else.  They had the stupid energy-saver thing where you have to stick your room-key in a slot by the door to get the lights or A/C to work.  Since we came here when the weather wasn't too hot, it didn't make that big a difference, but I find them annoying.  It was cheaper than other places I've stayed in Vegas, but you get what you pay for.  If you're driving, and want a place well off the strip, it's alright.  The staff I interacted with were pleasant.
1	Rooms need to be updated but location is very nice. However, DO NOT answer the call for completing the survey of your stay for 20 percent off your bill. SCAM!! Our bank informed us of fraudulent charges of 2700.00.
