3	This place use to formerly be a KFC. I walked in and it looked very clean, because my husband had been here before I went on his recommendation of the picadillo burrito which was a ground beef bean and potato burrito and it was good and I had a sangria soda. I kept it simple with my choice since i have had some bad experiences with mexican food. Everyone here was nice especially the guy at the register who was helpful with the descriptions of the menu items. I will be back and I recommend it if you like mexican food.
2	Read about this place in the paper, so we drove over from Centennial Hills to check it out. Sorry to say it was not worth the trip. Mediocre Mexican food. Frozen Taquitos, watered down horchata from a mix, yellow cheese? A note to 'Anglos', if you see yellow cheese in a Mexican restaurant, expect cafeteria style Mexican food. No yellow cheese in Mexico. One unique item though, turkey rump. I had it in a sope. Tasty, but nothing special. $18's? My bad.
5	I was born and raised in El Paso, the "Double" takes me back to my youth... I see the yelper talking about No Mexican's use yellow cheese, hate to break it to you, but we Mexicans, that is how we do it along the Border. There is many Mexican cuisines and Border Food has not been pushed till, Now... Thank you Border Food ohhh and Love the SOPES, you have to try the... oh and lastly the Burritos are great.
5	Finally a true Tex-Mex place in Vegas! I'm from TX & was told about this place by a friend and the minute I walked in it reminded me of home. The fish taco's are massive & they do their corn Texas style.. My kids loved it and their picky, AWESOME FOOD!
5	Best menudo in Vegas (except for home-made, of course)!  Friendly & dependable service too. Just wish they opened a little earlier cuz sometimes it's hard to wait until 10 for breakfast!4-5-14 update:  Yay! Now they open at 9!
5	This is my favorite place to come to when I am home sick. I love their flautas they are the best. Anytime I miss El Paso, TX I just come here to bring back the memories. Another great quality about this place is their staff, I've been here numerous of times and they are always so nice and joyful, and never have an attitude. They make it feel the way it is back home.
5	It's not Chico's Tacos but it's pretty damn close! I like this place a little better because they have tables and chairs instead of only booths. They also have functional AC in here. We drove 25min across town to check it out and I'm glad we did. The presentation is on point. Looks just like Chico's. Their sauce is a little more watery and their cheese melts unlike Chico's. Pour some green salsa ontop and enjoy these beef flautas. You can order a single or double of them. You might need a fork by the time you get to the bottom but those ones are the best. They've been marinating in the red sauce. When you're done dunk your fries in there too. I also ordered the flautas Juarez while we were here. I chose the chicken ones. They were crunchy and cooked to perfection. Lettuce, cheese and a green sauce were on top of them. The elote comes in a cup off of the cob with all of the toppings. Way easier to eat it like that. While enjoying your food check out the ceiling. There is T-Shirts from the original Chico's Tacos. Saw an El Paso Chihuahuas one up there too (minor league baseball team). There's also a lot of historic pictures of El Paso and Juarez all around the restaurant. The staff was very friendly and spoke both Spanish & English fluently.
5	This place is a homerun!! My lady is from El Paso and the time I spent there (5yrs) was awesome! The people are friendly,  the city is safe, and the food is ridiculous! Chicos Tacos comes to mind when El Paso and food are mentioned. It is said to be one of if not the stop to make when in EP. I am one of this who loves Chicos Tacos so when I was told about this place it was a must try. I went and ordered two singles,  some fries, and an elote en vaso. Let's start off with the elotes, it was a little disappointing to be honest it was nothing like the elotes I've had in EP, it has mayonnaise which is totally different from what I've had and its not that appetizing, its also made with yellow corn. EP elotes has white corn, butter, Chile, and  cheese so I had high expectations and was let down in the elotes department. Although if you want some street corn this is more along that flavor profile and in that sence it is good, just not elotes good. Now on to the tacos, they were........GREAT! I mean you can tell that its not chicos but it is darn close, the spicy tomatoe sauce with the rolled tacos and some green chile sauce is amazing and will hold you over till you get back to EP for some chicos! They are piping hot and will crunch as you eat them and then have a great bite when soaked in the sauce! The fries are great and with ketchup and dipping them into the spicy tomatoe sauce really brings back memories of eating at Chicos. This place is called juarez-el paso border food, so in my opinion if your not from that area or have been there you will not understand the food as it can't be compared to anything else really. If your in the mood for some Mexican food and want something different I say definitely give this place a go next time!
3	I felt as though I was sitting in Juarez/ El Paso. The tacos are delicious - elote (corn with cheese) was fabulous. Taquitos (flautas) - WOW!!! Food was fresh, warm, tasty, perfectly seasoned! I can't say enough wonderful things about this place. Now - let me warn you - it has absolutely NO atmosphere. It looks like a renovated McDonalds. You go up to the counter and order and sit down at a McD's type table. "Silverware" is plastic. Food comes on a plastic tray on a paper plate or paper french fry type holder. You don't come here for the atmosphere - you come here for the food!!!! Yes, the location is quite seedy - but it's just one block north of the 95 off Eastern. Excellent prices!!! If you are from west Texas/southern NM it will take you back in a heartbeat! To everyone else, you MUST GO HERE to try authentic TEX -MEX FOOD!!!!!
5	I have ate here several times. The food is always delicious, hot and fresh. The service has always been very good and friendly. In my opinion they are better than Chicos Tacos in El Paso, Tx.
5	Absolutely delicious. I have never had anything like the flautas El Paso before, but they are great! And all at a reasonable price. I will absolutely be back.
4	The double order of El Paso taquitos will be the highlight of your day. Crisp yet saturated in sauce, messy  by the end of the meal but on point in flavor.The barbacoa, on either a burrito or a taco, will make you miss home. Throw on some cilantro and onions from the salsa bar before you take it to go and try not to cry as you eat: not only is it perfectly soft, it's also full of flavor, unlike other places.Surprise menu hit: the turkey neck! Ordered it as a torta but my order was received wrong as a "side" in a taco, but the cut of meat is still perfectly flavorful and fatty and fried fresh.  Probably best as a torta, will have to order it again. For the reviewer who said it's inauthentic to use yellow cheese: we're talking about  hood border food, not the meal you got while at a resort in Cancun, don't let the door hit you on the way out!
5	If you're searching for authentic Mexican food then this is the place to go. Everything on their menu is delicious. They have the best elote en vaso outside the park. It's really close to my house and the costumer service is amazing they're all very nice people
5	Pretty freakin close to Chico's. It was delicious and I was sad that when I went in that it was empty! People don't know what they are missing! Just great and it filled my craving!
