5	Living in Squirrell Hill as I do, there are many advantages to the community.   Among them is being within walking distance of two of Pittsburgh's four major parks--Schenley Park and Frick Park.  Schenley is where you go for statues, movies, and museums.  Frick Park is where you go for horticulture and nature.Frick park is absolutely enormous.  It stretches from Reynolds Street on the north to the Parkway on the south.  A connector trail will soon take you to the Monongahela River and the bike trail along side that.There are extensive hiking trails throughout the park's steep valleys and wooded slopes.   I love to bike and there are several good bike trails throughout the park.  One word of caution--you must stick to the bike trails.  Not only is going off the trails unsafe, you could harm the ecological balance of the park by creating a new trail and adherence to the policy is strictly enforced.   What I really love about Frick Park is that it is practically the woods in the city.  Not only are the trails through woodlands, but horticulture and botany seem to be the main focus here.   The Park District has started a program to remove invasive trees and species from Frick Park.  Per the website, over the past 3 years, 325 Norway maples and 600 Trees of Heaven have been removed, allowing the out-competed natives in the understory to thrive. This is truely a wonderous place to visit, any time of the year.  My favorite time is autumn.  I love to hike or bike in the cool crisp air with the palatte of colors surrounding me.  It is a place to come into and slow down for awhile.  Appreciate the nature.  And do me and yourself a favor.  Shut your !@# cel phone off when you come in here!  Be in the moment here.  Allow yourself to become immersed here!  I understand that, according to park rules, yakking on your cel phone is punishable by being taken down the the Monongahela and keel-hauled!
4	Beautiful park with a huge variety of trails for every level of runner or biker. When you're deep in the woods there, it's hard to believe that this park IS in fact, in the middle of a city. The trails are pretty well-maintained and there's a couple of cute little playgrounds and sports fields. On the downside, a map the larger trails can be found on only a few obscure internet websites, and the smaller maze of foot-trails are terribly marked. It would be very easy to get lost if you just wandered in and hoped to make a nice afternoon curcuit.
4	Well it's not as cool Central Park nor is it as earthy as Golden Gate Park but for a quick city MTB ride Frick park in Pittsburgh can't be beat. I usually start at the Baseball field and pick up the Iron Gate trail which is to the right of right field. I have never had a problem with hikers, dog walkers... Great way to escape into a woodland without heading far out of the city. Although the occasional sewage smell is a reminder that you are in fact in a city-like park.
5	There's nothing like a winter's hike on a cold, crisp winter's day to get the old blood circulating.  After spending Saturday decompressing from the previous day's flight back from Dallas, TX, I went hiking here with my girlfriends and my cousin Cindy.  Talk about invigorating!
4	Best inner-city park in Pittsburgh.  You can hike or run or mountain bike and feel like you're nowhere near a city.  It's plenty big to get in a good workout without having to loop around to the same place over and over.  For mountain biking, some of the single track can be quite technical, and I recommend having someone familiar with the place show you around, because the trails are a little obscure and can vary widely in difficulty.  It can be a bit of a disaster zone after rain or snow, so I prefer nice dry days.
5	My Cousin Cindy and I both had the day off today and as we decided to get some fitness in, we decided to hike in Frick Park.  It was one of those truly glorious beautiful days in which we both felt that it was great to be alive.  For the uninitiated, Frick Park has an extensive trail system.  And these ain't no quarter mile long sidewalks either!  Hiking in this park, it's easy to forget you're right in the middle of the city.  There are a few difficult trails and you can hike for several miles without ever leaving the park.  I met up with my Cindy at the Gatehouse at Reynolds Street--the sound of her approaching Harley signalling her arrival.  We set off on an easy trail first and hit the Tranquil Trail, a little over a mile in length, down to the Biddle Trail.  From there we looped via the North Loop, the Clayton, and the South Loop Trails.  We picked up the Tranquil Trail again and decided to kick it up a notch by taking the more difficult trails, the Falls Ravine Trail and the Riverview Trail which was more than a 2-mile long loop.  We rounded out our hike by taking the Braddock Trail, the Homewood Trail, and Hawthorne Trail back via the tennis courts and the bowling Green.  I'd have to say all-in-all we hiked about 6.2 miles today!  Not bad for the first hike of spring!
5	Don't forget the beautifully restored stream and wetlands of Nine Mile Run! Why does everyone seem to forget this is a big part of Frick Park?
5	What could be more invigorating than a brisk hike on a crisp, cool October morning?  As much as I love summer, my favorite time of the year to go hiking or biking is in the fall.  You've got the colors, the smells, the snap to the morning air, etc.  My girlfriends Lisa, Maryann, Marla, Sherry, and I had a girls morning out in the park.  It was a cool 42F as we met at the Reynolds Street gatehouse located at the corner of Reynolds Street and Homewood Avenue.  The gatehouse has  something in common with the Jefferson Memorial.  They were both designed by the famed architect John Russell.  We began our hike by taking the Tranquil Trail down approximately 3/4 mile to the North Clayton Loop.  This is a great way to begin as it's an easy trail.  We went past the Frick Environmental Center, pausing to take a look at Observation Deck.  We then did a mini loop on the Nature Trail before rejoining our route.We then looped on the Bench Trail over towards the basketball courts, and then picking up Iron Gate Trail.  Here's where we kicked it in a notch.  The trails go from easy to moderate here.  We took the Iron Gate Trail down to the Nine Mile Run Trail.  When completed, the Nine Mile Run Trail will go all the way down to the Monongahela River, connecting to the bike trail there.  Can't wait!We headed up the Nine Mile Run Trail past the soccer field and did a 1.2 mile loop on the Babcock Trail returning to Nine Mile Run.  Making a left on the Falls Ravine Trail, we saved the best for nearly last.  We did a rigorous two-mile walk on the Lower Riverview Trail and the Riverview Trail.  This is where the ol' blood gets circulating!  (I also had to take a snack break here--I'm a type-1 diabetic and I felt myself getting a bit low).  Well we returned on the Falls Ravine Trail back to the Tranquil Trail and headed up towards the Gate House again. I'd say we did close to seven miles hiking in Frick Park.  It's an amazing place and it's hard to believe it's right in an urban area.  Now what better way to top off an invigorating hike on a crisp fall morning than with a good bowl of soup?
5	This is the best park to take a pooch, walk around aimlessly, bike ride, and take a book for a low key bench warming session. I also like to pack a little lunch and a blanket and sit near the playground to sunbath while working on my emails or relaxing for a bit.I try to come here as much as possible. Weekday early afternoons are the best time to enjoy. Sometimes the little ones from the nearby school are playing in the field but there is plenty of room to roam in this 560 acres park! The trails are easy to see and you can print out a map online that will give you the distance of the trails so you can figure out where you want to go.This is a park that is very dog friendly and many times they are not on leashes. I don't mind this at all as long as they are well behaved.The tranquil trail is nice for an easy paced stroll. I'll get more into the trails when I have a refresher course!
5	Oh yeah tornado weather! I love it when the warm wind is blowing with just the right hint of humidity in the air to keep you cozy. You watch the clouds darkening waiting for the torrential downpour that is inevitably on it's way. It mimics life sometimes. Yes I was waiting for the storm to come and it surely did but now the sun is out again. So go figure.We started on the tranquil trail but it started to sprinkle, by the time we made it up to the parking lot near the Braddock trail it had started to clear up and we decided to chance it walking towards the playgound then reached the road at Forbes ave. This is right by the bridge so we decided to go back down the cliff to the walking path. Since it was relatively dry we had a strong foothold but there is a bum that lives under that bridge I think. There are lots of recycling bags and trash hanging on the ledge. There is also a lot of glass so it would have been better to go back around but we stayed far from the glass. Once we got back to the bottom we ran into the "Hot Dog Dam" it's a fenced in area where the pooches can swim and play!  We hopped the stream and went out back to tranquil trail where we hooked up with Homewood trail. After the trek we rested near a little pond and wetland spot where lovers come to carve initials into the tree. Geez how depressing!  Oh well, I grabbed a log spread my arms to breath and meditate on the glories of the possible! Spring is here to show you that rebirth is happening NOW, take the opportunity in your hands to grow! The rain finally came but after that hike I welcomed the cleansing bouquet of earthy shower. Hurrying back to the car I noticed this thug looking kid slinking around. He gave me a bad feeling, and I wished that I had brought my tazer. People are sparse on a day like today so in the future when I'm going it alone I will bring this essential. No matter, it was an idealistic morning jaunt with the added bonus of nature's purification.
4	Lovely park with a series of trails that go from stroller friendly to a challenge for serious mountain bikers. The generous trails are better maintained in the spring, summer, and fall than in the winter, but the park is pretty in all seasons. Ice can be a serious problem; crampons are not totally uncalled for in the most severe winter weather.There are usually clay tennis courts and parking spots open on the Regent Square end of the park. The Squirrel Hill side is best for kids, with a playground and baseball diamond. I prefer the Point Breeze entrance, which has two nice trails that form a loop meeting in the center of the park (and take you by the Hot Dog Dam/dog park).  People often let their dogs off the leash here. If you have issues with that, stick to the Squirrel Hill side.
5	Frick Park!  Is there anything else I can say differently from the four previous reviews I have written?  Except to say that it's my favorite place to go hiking.  Frick Park is comprised of 561 acres, most of it woodland, and an additional  106 acres were annexed to the park as part of  the Summerset at Frick Park housing development and restored the Nine Mile Run stream valley. Now Frick Park stretches from its northern borders in Point Breeze down to the Monongahela River.  It's got possibly the most extensive trail system of any city park anywhere and it's trails run the gamut from wimpy to rugged.  I had originally intended to go hiking here with my girlfriends however I organized the hike as part of my employer's wellness program.  We ended up having a decent turnout.  As usual, we met at the Gatehouse at Reynolds Street.  Not only is this an easy landmark to find with ample street parking, but by beginning at the far north end of the park, we were able to get a lot in.  So we began on the Homewood Trail, past the Bowling Green.  Frick Park, incidentally, is one of the few parks left with lawn bowling.  Now this is an easy trail which skirts the upper edge of a ravine.  We took that down to the junction with the Tranquil Trail, eventually ducking under Forbes Avenue which crosses the park on a high bridge.  We proceeded south until we linked up with the Braddock Trail.  Here Susan, your hike leader, decided to throw a changeup into the plans.  The Braddock Trail skirts the western perimeter of the park but to reach the edge, there's a climb up about 3-4 flights of stairs!  So we passed the Clay Tennis Courts and again headed south.  We could see the Tranquil Trail in the ravine beneath us.  We took the stairs back down, again rejoining that trail at the Falls Ravine Shelter.  We took a little break here before proceeding south.  At this point the Nine Mile Run Trail begins, so named for the watershed and the  creek it follows.  The Nine Mile Run Watershed has been undergoing a conservation effort http://www.yelp.com/biz/nine-mile-run-watershed-pittsburgh .  The trail passes some parking lots and a soccer field, eventually ending up at Commercial Street.  This was the southern boundary of Frick Park until a few years ago when 106 acres were annexed.  We crossed Commercial Street then went under I-376 (Parkway East), which also crosses on a high bridge.  This is a spot where you really get to see Pittsburgh's topography.  You can stand well beneath the highway, which just to the west passes through Squirrel Hill Tunnel.  And if you look to the west, you'll see an apartment building well above the highway.Nine Mile Run Trail picks up on the other side of Commercial Street, but it's not well marked.  We walked down it a little bit but really there isn't a lot to see.  Google Maps shows the trail going all the way down to the Monongahela River and connecting with the Duck Hollow Trail.  The official Frick Park map shows it dead-ending so we turned around and headed north on the Firelane Trail.  Here some of the "less advanced" hikers decided to return back via the Nine Mile Run and Tranquil Trails (the easy way).  Heh, heh--not Susan and the hardcore hikers.No, we picked up the Firelane Extension Trail, which begins a very steep climb out of the Falls Ravine.  Hiking the  Firelane Extension Trail is like climbing a 1/4-mile long flight of stairs!  Then we proceeded on the Lower Ravine Trail which also has some steep ups and downs.  The trails in here are very rugged and very narrow.  Heck, you could probably use a walking stick in thru here.  Not only that, but this is a very isolated part of the park.  I don't recommend hiking alone in through here because if something was to happen to you, it's possible no one would find you.  So we came up to the junction of the Lower Riverview and thre Falls Ravine Trails and we pressed on up to the Frick Environmental Center.  Now on a flat map it looks like it's a 1/4 mile walk, but there's still some serious ups and downs!  After a serious rest and snack break at the Enviromental Center, we returned to the Falls Ravine Trail and then back up the Tranquil Trail.  When we returned to the Gatehouse, we knew those who stayed off the more challenging parts of Frick Park were long gone.  Oh, but our heartrates were going and it felt good completing almost seven miles of hiking, much of it on hilly terrain.
3	This is a great place to hike in the city.  I like to start on the Regent Square side, go down into the ravine, then climb back up to Squirrel Hill.  The views are pretty sweet on the climb up. The environmental center looks like it was abandoned a long time ago.  And down by Nine Mile Run dogs owners let their dogs jump you.  That's kind of annoying.
5	I will start with a brief history note on Henry Frick because I am a nerd like that. Frick was Carnegie's right hand man in some instances he ran the mills and abused the workers. While Carnegie was canoodling around the world making sure everyone knew how fantastic he was. Soooo fast forward Frick has a daughter he asks what she wants for her birthday as young lady; she says she wants a park for the people of Pittsburgh and Frick park is born. I cannot express my love for Frick without telling you how I lost my broken heart there in 2011. I know you're thinking what! Who is is this nutjob trying to over-share to strangers on yelp.. get to the park.... I will but I want you to understand that if you love the outdoors at all Frick Park is the magical kind of place that can make your worries melt away. If you give it a chance. It has open meadows rolling walkways steep trails, flat trails, a two large fenced in dog play areas for your fur children to romp in. Creeks, Streams marshes, small soccer fields, a nature center and multiple fairly easy to access entrances. In a nutshell you are going to need some time to explore this place! If you live 10+ miles away I would suggest setting aside at least 2-4 hours to enjoy it fully on your first visit.  I am adding the link to Frick parks website because it will help you understand the references to names of trails and places and it was helpful for me when I found Frick huge and daunting on my first visits. It has a map of trails with how long they are etc. Note make sure to click the pdf map on this link not the google map. The google map does show trailshttp://www.pittsburghparks.org/frick-directionsENTRANCES I love and best if you have kiddos (playgrounds galore) are the Nicholsen street entrance in squirrel hill and regent square entrance on Braddock in regent square. Parking is on street and hard to find if its sunny out get there early. Nicholsen street offers access to the largest paved walkway if you are into walking only and hiking this is a good starting point.  Regent square entrance it is harder to drop down into the park, I say drop down in because Frick is steep at some entrances with trails doing down to a few main flat ones in the middle. Keep this in mind when you are fatigued and want to get out :) Nicholsen st also offers entrance to the two off least dog areas, I have had good experiences here but watch your pooch in the back park area. Sometimes there were holes in the fence they could escape through though that has been mostly repairs last year. The Nature reserve entrance is now closed! Under construction as they are building a new environmental center this is off of beechwood. My favorites TRAILS: I am dividing for runners and bikers hikers could fall under best for running category as well. I'm not a cyclist, I run but I have a buddy who is and told me points he likes to ride at.Great RUNNING trails: north clayton and south clayton can run to nature reserve and drop back down into the park at Falls Ravine (if you have a dog with you) or Nature Trails if you are dogless and they will lead you to tranquil trail which is a great flat trail to catch your breath on. I like also fireline trail, t and nine mile run trail. If you were looking to get back to Nicholsen you can head up lower riverview to Riverview trail. It will go past the dog parks and back to main entrance. For BIKING---- new bike trails but they are marked now. You'll have to find them for yourself I am kind of sick of dodging mountain bikers this week. Runners and hikers I'd advise going early am or later at dusk to avoid excess bike traffic.Frick is really kind of small for all these bike trails :(Most SCENIC in the FALL are Falls Ravine, Tranquil Trail, and Lower Riverview, just breathtaking if you love fall colors. Best CARDIO Braddock Trail and Riverview, not a Jane Fonda Workout video! It burns in a good way run it I dare you! Wow you stuck with me through this super long review now get off your butt and get to Frick. If you see a chick with a little weener dog that might be me.
5	Doesn't matter how many times I visit this place, it's never the same.Frick park is an amazing park and probably the best in the city to visit with how far it stretches.  Most of my visits consist of me taking the little man to the Off the Leash area.  Two great areas for a dog to interact with other dogs.  If you feel one area is too crowded for your four-legged friend, try the next area.The trails are quite extensive too.  I've walked through several different areas throughout the part and I for one know I have not seen all of the park yet.  I use to live in an apartment building in Squirrel Hill right off of one of the trails for Frick Park and found it convenient to be able to access just about anywhere in the park from my back door.  I'm sure I could live in this city my whole life and probably not be able to cover all there is to do in this park.  Each neighborhood that connects to this park seems to have something you can with the park.  Squirrel Hill has got the baseball fields and playground at the entrance on Beechwood.  Regent Square has got their own ball fields and playground as well as tennis courts to use at their entrance.  I'm sure there is more to do, I just haven't discovered it yet.
5	Frick Park is magical! I love to be at this park and I am in it at least 3 times a week. I mountain bike ride Frick, and it is extremely challenging. I run the trails especially in the 9 Mile Run area... Super fun! I walk through it to cut to Regent Square to eat at Root or D's, or to go the Regent Sq Theater.  I love how it has been restored and the native plants are back. I love the animal habitats.  I love seeing all the animals in the park.  Last week while on my ride I saw a turtle! Another great spot in Pittsburgh and I am lucky it is my backyard!
5	Great urban park with multiple playgrounds, hiking trails, mountain bike trails, dog parks and fields. Clean, spacious and safe. (In my experience - I used to run there at night and never had a problem. Of course, your mileage may vary, so use your best judgement.)
5	Get your arse off the couch and go for a hike in Frick Park, bc it is beautiful!  Especially now that the leaves have started turning.Hiking in Frick is one of my favorite Saturday afternoon activities.  I do the Falls Ravine trail.  There are fenced in off leash dog parks, one with a pond your dog you can swim in.  Basically, any dog you see in Frick Park is in a good mood and is having a blast.The downside of Frick Park is that just about every dog in Frick is off its leash, even though the only areas this is allowed are the dog parks.  This is dangerous for those who ride bikes in the park, people who are afraid of dogs, and unfortunately as I found out, those who have dogs that are agressive with other dogs.  Even though my dog was on a leash, I had a few harried moments when an unleashed dog ran up to my dog.  I resorted to muzzling my dog when walking him through Frick and then it was like I was walking Hannibal Lector through the park you should have seen the looks I got--but you know what, I didnt care, it was the only way my dog and I could both enjoy the park.That sounds like a huge negative for the park, but the above is really intended as an FYI.The trails are great, and you can get a good work out due to all the different hills and terrain.  Families seem to love the park, and there are some pretty fun looking play grounds here.The trees and grounds are beautiful.  Dont take my word for it---go for a hike or a bike ride and bring your dog, and keep your dog on its leash!
4	Pittsburgh's best-kept park secret, for sure ... the upper part with its rolling hills scenery and blue-slide play-ground is wonderful for a stroll or to let your kids play. You will see a lot of Jewish folk as it's right in Squirrel Hill South...interesting, culturally... A lot of people walk their dogs (and i've seen a lot of dog poop on th ground.)  The lower part is very wooded/woodsy with trails that carve through ... you'll see a lot of mountain bikers and joggers... There is the occasional black bear sighting so, be aware...
5	This park is sooooo awesome! There are miles of trails for biking/jogging/walking. I'm super pumped to explore them by bike this year, as we have mostly just hiked on them so far. There are also fields scattered throughout the park, and picnic tables too. There are off leash doggie areas too. i feel so lucky to have access to such a beautiful park in my neighborhood!
5	love it. but hey @$$holes. keep your dogs on their leashes!!!
4	What a fantastic park! Great expanses of green. Miles of wooded trails. A big wooded dog park. And, amazingly, it is all right in the city.The trails are great for running and walking. While it would be easy to get lost, I sensed you could run there for 5+ miles without repeating a loop. Plus, it is so shaded and secluded back there, you feel completely cut off from the world. Even better, I never felt like I was going to twist my ankle.My beagle has never had it better. The dog park is HUGE and has wooded space in the back. It is all entirely fenced in. He could run, sniff, and play there all day. Only cons are a lack of trail maps to help you navigate, no running water inside the dog park, and rules to separate small from large dogs.Tips for first time dog park visitors: - Bring a large bottle of water to pour into the provided dishes. - Don't pick up your dog. This will excite all the other dogs and cause them to jump up on you as a natural reaction to a raised dog. - Don't put your dog on a leash inside the park. If your dog cannot handle the off-leash park, they shouldn't be there. - Relax! Dogs sometimes play rough. They are dogs. Hang out on a bench and let them do their thing.
4	Great playground. Bring a piece of cardboard! There is a slide built into the hill and the kids love flying down on a piece of cardboard!There are great hiking trails throughout the park. This is a great woodsy spot right in the city!
5	Walked the Falls Ravine Trail Monday (12/23).  Beautiful day and the trail is in great shape.  Go out and enjoy.
4	We always have so much fun hiking through Frick Park.  There are so many different trails to hike on, and alot of them have a decent climb as well which gets the blood flowing!  I have spent time playing ball at he fields and also grew up playing in the playground back when they had an old fashioned fire truck there to play on!  That probably didn't meet today's safety standards.  Overall though, this is a great place to spend a couple of hours.  Lots of challenging mountain bike trails through here as well.  Can't wait until the weather gets warmer, we will be here all the time soon enough!
5	Who needs a gym when you live in Regent Square? What a beautiful park to have in the city. I just love our neighborhood and all it has to offer. Hot Dog Dam is a feature of the park that our dog appreciates. The trails/paths are a great workout and great connection with nature.
5	Such a wonderful part of the neighborhood. The many miles of well-maintained trails are excellent for running and waking; the scenery is varied and beautiful. There's a small dog park area that is a fenced in and has access to the stream that makes its way through the park. With pavilions, public restrooms, tennis courts, and a playground, there are many ways to utilize Frick park in addition to its trails.
3	Love the park and the trails. They need to get the leash policy better enforced though. I'll avoid this place until they enforce the leash policy.
4	Love this park and wish I lived in the neighborhood! This is a beautiful park and we often drive there to walk with our dogs. The trails are wide and well maintained. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the fact that there are a number if people who let their dogs off leash. Fortunately most are well behaved. One of our dogs is skittish around other dogs which is why it is a concern for me. Don't let this deter you from enjoying the miles of trails for walking, running, or biking! Nice and shady in the summer and beautiful fall color.
5	Great park for kids and dogs and running and walking and watching the change of seasons.   I really like it when I see the cross country skiing tracks in the winter!!
4	I love Frick Park. I practically grew up there. There are so many different parts of Frick Park. I no longer live in walking distance and have to drive a long way to get there. Now my kids love it, the dog loves it, and of course I still love it there. A total getaway, and a means of vigorous activity that we enjoy every minute of. The only reason I left out a star is because of my own bias.  I believe it was better in the early 80's with the old iron and steel slides and wooden/rubber swings, the stairs on the trails made of logs, and the streams were wider and deeper. I kind-of liked when the trails were not so maintained. You sort of felt like you were discovering everything before.  I swear the blue slide was longer, but it's probably just that I was much smaller. Please don't crucify me for that last star....Doesn't everyone prefer things the way they use to be?
5	Just a really nice walking park for you and the dog. People smile and are friendly. They pick up after their dogs. It's a great place to breathe in fresh air and get a little exercise. There are benches here and there to sit and maybe catch up on a book. Saw lots of bike riders too.
5	So many routes and trails to take through the park.  Love mountain biking here.  The crushed limestone is great for running on too.  The dogs love it here.
