5	feel weird about rating a grocery store, but, couldn't resist! copps is awesome! as an illinoisian, didn't know what i was missing! fresh salad bar open during all hours as far as i can tell - many a lunch and dinner had here! so much to choose from! welcome alternative to fast food lunches during the workday! and awesome nuts/dried foot help-yourself selection! i'm usually a woodman's gal, but this place is awesome!
3	No instant polenta, *gasp* Being new to the area, I stopped in and did my weekly grocery shopping.  I cringed at how expensive produce was, but sucked it up and thought that was just the local price.  Copps has a great salad bar and good meat selection.  They're stingy on the foreign foods aisle.  As an avid Italian cook, I was shocked to not see polenta.  There were four Copps employees at one time helping me look and none of them had ever seen it, and 3 out of 4 didn't even know what it was.  They do however have a great vegan section (if you're into that) and good organic foods.  If you want a greater selection of food and a lower price, I recommend going elsewhere.
3	Agreed with others - good produce and clean store but your money goes much further at woodmans which is only 5 minutes away.
5	Stopped in to pick up some sale-priced chicken breasts but there were none to be found. The butcher said they burned through 12 cases over the weekend and he would have some restocked in one hour. I told him I was in need of chicken ASAP to make homemade chicken noodle soup for my sick little guy. He offered to mark down a package of boneless, skinless chicken breasts to $.99/lb for me. How awesome is that? Great service!!!
2	This Copps salad bar used to be the best cheap lunch on this side of town.  Since that guy Ryan left the deli, though, the quality has really slipped. Today the salad bar had shriveled broccoli slaw, black spots in the shredded carrots and black cauliflower.  The prepared salads looked dried out like they might even not be safe to eat.Salad bar needs to be fresh - the is the basic and only requirement for a salad bar.  F- for Copps. I called to report it to the store assistant manager Chris who only grumbled that he had only just got to work and didn't know anything about it.  Well,  yah, that's why I'm reporting it to you...With a new Hy-Vee right across the street and Metcalfe's open over in the Shopko plaza, I will never buy a fresh salad at this Copps again.
2	Slow, sloppy, careless customer service is what will prevent me from coming back, but the limited produce and exorbitant prices don't help their case, either. The atmosphere is even depressing--stark, over-bright. Thank God Hy-Vee moved in across the street.
4	This is just a grocery story with very good service.  Woodman's has better prices and Hyvee has more pizzazz.  If you want to get groceries and get out quickly, this Copps is the place.  That is important.
