3	Fun show. Extreme martial arts is definitely entertaining, but it does get a little repetitive over the course of almost an hour. Fortunately, they manage to keep it fresh with corny humor and creative ideas.I especially enjoyed the Karate Kid segment. If you grew up in the 80s, how could you not love the Karate Kid? Actually, I'm more partial to Karate Kid II. Peter Cetera and his Glory of Love gets me every time! So cheesy that it made me laugh.I also loved the Star Wars segment. Any time you can work in light sabers and the genius of John Williams, it's a winner. I even recognized some of the choreography used in the newer films. Regardless of how you feel about the prequels, the fight scenes are awesome.The most creative segment is done to a dance version of Michael Jackson's Man in the Mirror. They have an ordinary man in his business suit, tired from the stresses of life. He looks in the mirror and sees his martial arts alter ego. Basically, it's two guys mirroring each others movements. It's a simple idea but executed incredibly well.The troupe is made up of a handful of athletic guys and one girl (who is pretty hot). It's obviously not a marquee Vegas show, but I found it to be enjoyable. On one hand, I got my tickets through houseseats, so they were "free." On the other hand, I probably would never have heard of the show if it wasn't for houseseats. It's a win-win.
3	We got tickets through House Seats. If it weren't for House Seats, I probably never would have heard of or seen this show.We weren't quite sure what to expect. I knew it was some kind of martial arts demonstration, but that's about all I knew.As it turned out, the show was more of a comedic dance show with a strong martial arts influence. My favorite was a skit with a meditation instructor and an unruly student. The student kept interrupting the instructor and mini-fights ensued. It was pretty amusing.My wife's favorite was the Karate Kid sequence. There is a funny twist to the story line that plays well against the song "Glory of Love."We both enjoyed ourselves. While it's not the highest caliber show on the strip, it was a good time. It's a family friendly show and one I would recommend to families visiting on a budget.
4	My last visit to Vegas my best friend and I were given tickets to see Side Swipe! This is a very talented group of individuals and it is amazing what they are capable of doing! The show was very entertaining and funny.My favorite skit was the man in the mirror. I was so amazed on how they did it in sync with each other almost perfectly! I know they rehearse and work very hard but overall it is pretty amazing what they do!
