1	Hi, I moved into the Village at Desert Lakes apartments on October 1, 2013. The first week that I was there I had a confrontation with the neighbor living below me. I did not have any of my furniture yet, so my 2 girlfriends and I were sitting on my dining room floor celebrating my new move. She apparently thought we were being too loud and began banging on the ceiling with a broom from below us. So we turned off our music, (that was only playing from my Iphone, so not very loud anyways), and within a few minutes she began banging on the ceiling again. So this time I stomped back from where I was sitting on the ground, and instantly heard her running up the stairs. I opened the door and asked her if there was a problem and she began screaming and yelling about the noise level, to which I said "if you have a problem then act like an adult and come tell me about it, don't bang on your roof from below like a damn toddler." She began swinging at me right outside my apartment door, cornering me against the door and the apartment wall. My friend jumped in and pushed her off of me and she returned downstairs. I called the police and the apartment security both showed up. The security told me she would be evicted for this, so I decided against pressing charges. The following day I went to the leasing office and the new manager Brandy told me that my neighbor had came in that morning and the first thing she said was, "I fu**ed up" and told her what had happened. Brandy then told me I needed to get the police report in order to have her evicted. However, when I went to the police station with my contact card from the police officer, they told me that when I said I didn't want to press charges they had tossed the report. And that I could begin a new one, but that by doing so it means I agree to testify in court against her. So I decided to wait on that, and I went back to the leasing office and told Brandy all of this. To which she told me, "It won't be a problem, we can still give her a 5 day eviction notice based on everything you've given me and on what she said to me. I don't want people like that living in my complex." ....2 weeks later I awkwardly saw her outside of her apartment, and received glares the entire time I walked by. So I went back to the office and left a message for Brandy to call me, but never heard anything back. The following week I went back in 3 different times and was finally able to catch Brandy, but then she told that she couldn't do anything without the police report. And when I told her everything again, she said she "must've misunderstood what I had previously told her" but that she would call the regional office in the morning and would keep in touch with me. It has now been over 2 months since the incident happened, and I have not received a single phone call regarding this issue. It's really not that hard to call one of your tenants and keep them informed of what's going on with such a devastating situation. She is still currently living below me, and it makes being home uncomfortable because I'm afraid to even watch a movie in my own living room at night. I was told that I could move apartments, but I am a single girl from Reno who has no family in Vegas and very few friends. To move everything again by myself is impossible. Also before I moved in, I was told that all of the construction on the leasing office and the new gym construction would be done by November 1, 2013. It is now nearing the end of December and I can't even use the gym in my own apartment complex. So I've been paying for these extra amenities that I haven't even been able to enjoy a single time.
2	the construction on the office was supposed to be done months before, they did not even notify us that this would be starting, now that they are finished, we have to pay $50 to get a key to even use the amenities
1	6 months to remodel office which was already plush! Zero repairs to rundown apartments, multiple office & maintenance crews and still nothing is fixed! Then they have the audacity to raise rent $125 while refusing to make units livable!  Forget about using gym, pool or basketball court unless you want to pay more money and only use while office is open! Rude, lazy staff as well. Much nicer, more affordable places in town.
1	First they tried to pull a fast one and rise the rent by $200 a month as I was signing my lease. It took 1.5 months to fix the dish washer that had water sitting in the bottom for lord knows how long. I am a disabled veteran and there are 2 handicap parking spots in the wold complex. We I asked them to enforce the parking they basically told me to fuck off and that there was nothing I could do about it. The pool is only open during office hours and its an extra $50!!!!! for an access key to the "fitness center" Also when I complained about people letting their dog poop on my sidewalk outside my door, they did nothing about this as well. I still have many issues not fixed since move in that i keep getting promised days for maintence to come in and i wait all day and no one shows up. Dirty carpets, broken blinds, broken bathroom fixtures, toilet, fan, shower. Broken A/C thermostat. They also have 2 car garages but on top of the extra rent its $50 per remote!!! Trust me when I say, I am pinching pennies to get out of this place ASAP!!! Rude staff all around! crappy place to live
