3	Decent little white tablecloth meal, and though I didn't have any real complaints about the food, it is obvious that the service was lacking.  I'm talking about the basics - water or softdrink being empty for 5 mins or so, long delay after meal before dessert, and identical entrees at the same table having items or lacking items that are on the other person's plate.  Why?  Did you run out of rolls and just give the last roll to the one person at the same table, and figure the other guy is SOL?  Why?
3	I have gone here a few times...once for lunch and twice for dinner.  My first experience was nice.  Not a bad deal for dinner, but their service is lacking.  The second time I went for dinner with my family, they ran out of everything but the fish.  And I had driven all the way from the city of Surprise.  My husband and I tried it again for lunch and it was great!  The service was better but could still use some improvement!
4	I have gone back several times for lunch with friends and it's still a great deal.  Where else can you get and amuse, appetizer, entree, dessert and a drink(coffee or iced tea) for anywhere from $13 to $25 bucks flat?  They have also expanded on their drink menu to include more than just wine.
4	The service was great, food delicious, and the value impeccable.  The decor and atmosphere make it obvious that it's a school, but the students did a great job serving and I couldn't have asked for a better meal.
5	restaurant was a great place too eat and relax had a great time well done too the students keep it up!
5	We were intrigued to discover what it was to dine at a cooking school.  By good fortune, the ACI was open for dinner while we were on vacation in Scottsdale, so we booked a meal.  What a treat!  We dined in a pleasant, quiet dining room, with three attending waitpersons to serve us.  The menu was creative, sophisticated and superbly prepared.  It was definitely a 5 star experience. The attention to detail was impressive, with molecular gastronomy tricks included as well as chocolate art on the desserts.  The price was absurdly reasonable.  The students were supervised at times and, if the service was a bit shaky, it was earnestly given.  These students have received an excellent education and it showed.  When we heard where they were interning, it was apparent well regarded  restauranteurs felt the same.
5	This is a school that has an excellent restaurant for you to try.  Call them up and schedule your reservation, it was booked 3 weeks out when I called.Checking in here, did give me $5 off my tab which was already nothing compared to what is provided.  Amuse Bouse is provided and I must say a one bite treat.  Bread is also included with several different varieties to choose from.  Since the menu is always changing I have enjoyed several meals here.On this particular lunch outing I enjoyed a great appetizer: pork cheek and short rib ravioli.  For my main course I had the new york with potato.  Also included is desert which you have several to choose from as well.  I had the passion cake and it was great.  Also beer, mixed drinks, teas, and wine are the drink choices.  I enjoyed a Tequila Sunrise for $3.  Never had one before so I thought I would give it a go.Another unique feature is that since it is a school, the menu is forever changing.  So I have been disappointed on one visit out of many, but since the bill is so low and it is a school; I forgive them. :)  Because when they do get it right, it is a great meal for nothing.  Give them a shot when you feel adventurous and craving a great meal.
5	What a fun, unique experience!!! Loved every minute! The food was amazing and the presentation was creative. I hear the menu changes daily so I'm looking forward to returning again to try different things! Reservations are strongly recommended.
5	This is the secret lunch happy hour lol. Food was wonderfull excellent service and the cheapest drinkest! We usually go to Cordon Bleu but the have closed down there public kitchens. I am so happy I was forced to discover this gem!
5	Coming here to the Arizona Culinary Institute and dine at the Dujour restaurant has truly been a great experience for me. Walking in and looking around the decor and all of its artwork is more than just seeing whats in front of you. It takes you on mind blowing journey into the life of a young culinarian who not only takes pride in their work, but the attention to details is what its all about. The experience is like being treated kings and queens. All of the attention is put on us customers and the atmosphere is very inviting. The food is absolutely fantastic and what you don't realize is that there are students in the back kitchen cooking for us and preparing these perfectly portioned food that literally looks as if a professional chef of 20+ years knows what they are doing, and the flavors just pop into your mind like your on the flavor train of awesomeness. And each dish paired very well with the wines the chef has selected for the day. And oh when i meant by day, yes they change the menu everyday! hence the name Dujour (Of the day). My experience here was absolutely fantastic and it is a mind blowing experience to dine in this restaurant and i will definitely bring family and friends over to have lunch or dinner one of these days
