3	Where's the beef...?I used to like Wendys. It was my go to for fast food. Everything just seems to be ok now. Nothing jumps out to remind me to eat here again. 1/4lb burger (before cooking) is now the size of a small JR burger and the JR burgers might as well be vegan. Seriously there was a spot on the bun where the meat should be. LOLThe Chili was great, the side salads were good. I think I am over fast food.
1	Let me start this by saying I am a mom of 2 young kids. Needless to say I don't have the biggest nightlife, because parenting at 6am with a hang over is just NOT worth it.  That being said I've never had cause to visit a Wendy's at 1:30am, until tonight. I've been up all night with my 6 year old son who is sick. I thought a frosty would soothe his throat and do just the trick to get him back to sleep, but all I got was a foomy version of one from them, plus shitty, cold food. If their food is going to suck at 1:30am, then don't be open that late.
3	It's a Wendy's - they have square hamburgers and you can substitute Baked potatoes for fries, which should be available at all fast food places! A note on the sour cream for the potatoes: it is "reduced fat" sour cream. Ummm....cream, by definition is chock full of fat. If you reduce said fat I am not sure it qualifies as cream anymore...Anyway - I just wanted to let people know that this location features the Freestyle Coca-Cola thingy if you are into all that. I had never heard of it before, and we were in the drive thru so we didn't really utilize its advertised capabilities of 100+ drink combinations. The drive thru features a snazzy video screen menu board, which probably cost them thousands but you still can't figure out what number a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger Meal is supposed to be....As for the food - my burger was warm when we got home, the potato was BIG and the lettuce/tomato on the burgers were fresh! The bacon was also delightfully crispy ( a rarity in a burger u don't make yourself).
1	Went to Wendy's on 7th St. and Greenway for breakfast with my wife. They opened at 7. We were there when the doors were open. Two gentleman were ahead of us. The restaurant had approx 8 employees.we stood for five minutes, the employees totally ignored us, one of the men left. The other asked if someone could help him, a employee looked at him, didn't say a thing, turned her back and walked away! The shift Manager looked at as and said," we'll be with you in a minute" Five more minutes went by and all the employees, and the shift manager still ignored us! We left! I eat at Wendy's all over the valley and generally the service is fast. Not at this location. The owners just went through a complete rebuild of the location and it looks great, but the service before the rebuild was horrible and that didn't seem to change, in fact it was the worse service I've ever had anywhere. If you are the owners of this location please do something about your poor attitudes of your employees and your management staff. Attitude is everything and it starts at the top.
4	It looks as though Wendy's is trying to reinvent themselves...and from what I've seen so far, they're well on their way!Before moving away from North Phoenix, my family and I had been to this particular location a handful of times. It was your typical Wendy's experience. No bells and whistles, except for the drink machine...which, by the way, appears to have several HUNDRED possible drink combinations. The decor looked like it has since I was a kid (p.s. a long time ago)...dated, to say the least.Even driving up to the Yelp Event, I barely recognize the building. From the outside, you can see that there have been MAJOR renovations done. There are sleek, dark, tinted windows all along the roof line, coupled with ceiling to floor tinted windows surrounding the new seating area.After checking out the Yelp table (and picking up a couple of "Here's The Beef" t-shirts), my family and I went in.Upon passing through the second glass door, we were IMMEDIATELY lost. EVERYTHING had changed! The first thing that caught our attention was the all new seating area immediately to the left. There are two sets of two chairs facing one another, making for a rather intimate setting. Hung on the wall is a beautiful HDTV. But, the piece de resistance for the seating area was the faux fireplace. It was absolutely beautiful!The overall decor has been completely modernized. The old, tired booths and seats have been replaced with updated seating. On top of the dividing walls, there are beautiful glass accents. Where there used to be boring run-of-the-mill booths on the left of the dining area, there is now a gorgeous "Arizona Room-esque" glass palace. Within this seating area, there is another, albeit smaller, HDTV hung in the corner.Now, on to the service. I know there was a Yelp event going on, and you always put on a good show for company, but the management at this location really seem to have embraced the change that Wendy's is trying to make. Three different managers were walking throughout the dining area, greeting all of the customers, and handing out coupons for free things (burgers, fries, frosties, etc.). In fact, one of the managers offered to carry our food, and escorted us through the dining area to our seats. I know it's hard to get excited about the service at a fast food restaurant, but at least there's a ray of hope after today.Based on what I saw, it looks like Wendy's is well on their way to righting the ship as far as their restaurants are concerned. I'm sure they spent a pretty penny on these upgrades. If they can keep up the great service, and ride the wave of the buzz created by these renovations, I'm sure they're going to see a FANTASTIC return on their investment!Thank you to Lindsey and her team for making my first Yelp event an awesome one!
1	it's wendy's gross!!!haha the place looks great after the update. Layout is terrible actually doesn't really work efficiently when ordering and getting food when its crowded. Just backs up all awkwardly..the food is the same so guess what...i won't be back...only yelping this because its a check in and i hate seeing things i need to review when i sign on.
4	I had not been to Wendy's in.....forever. Went last week and tried their 1/2 Baja salad. It was really good. Then went again a few days ago and had the same thing and a potatoe. I like that they have the soda machines where you can get any flavor. They even have diet caffeine free vanilla coke and diet caffeine free cherry coke. The yhave remodeled several locations and it really doesn't flow well. Everything is all backed up, no way to escape. How about removing that wall so we can go sit down. Call us up when it's ready. Or for the people that are waiting for their to go order, let them have a special seating area to wait. They do have several seating areas and then some areas with tables and chairs.
1	I went to this location in the evening about 8:00pm, and orderd two double cheeseburgers. I ordered them with nothing on it, just cheese, and two fries. So it was too go, I get home and they gave me two pattys wirh mustard on them, and get this with no buns!!!! They had mustard which I did not ask for, I said plain, and they went as far as NO BUNS!! They only gave me one fries, I ordered two. So I will be going to Burger King or Mcdonalds from now on.
4	Would've given five stars had they not been so skimpy on their crackers. The chili was excellent as usual, but when I ran out of crackers... I went back and asked for more... you would've thought I was asking for their firstborn child...
