5	This new place opened just a week ago in a building formerly occupied by Hometown Buffet.  It has been lightly remodeled, with new chairs, upholstery & carpeting, but the layout of the serving area has remained quite a bit the same.This is a big restaurant, with a big array of food!  I counted up 104 items, plus sauces, condiments, & so on, & everything I tried was great!  There was tasty sushi, attractively presented, & the Mongolian BBQ had lots of meat, veggie, & fruit choices, including water chestnuts, capers, bamboo shoots, & pineapple.  There were numerous sauces to add in before cooking, & mine came out tasting delicious & cooked just right.Over at the hot tables, there were goodies such as tender, delicious beef back ribs (Think Bobby Q, but ALL YOU CAN EAT!), delicious very long baked asparagus spears topped with cheese, & so on.The service was exceptional too, & it's a very comfortable place to eat.  Thus, I think Great China here beats every other Chinese buffet in Phoenix city right now, even Hong Kong Gourmet & Lin's, & reaches #3 for the whole Valley!  It's a winner!Lunch Buffet $6.49, Sr. $5.84.  Dinner & Weekends $8.49, $7.64 Sr.====================================================5/6/10 Update:  Had lunch here today with Mike C.  Still totally 5-Stars!  Very, very good food here!!   :-))
4	We came here based on the previous review and are glad we did. Even for Valentine's Day (yes, we are high-brow), we were seated quickly, and even with the large number people in the restaurant, the buffet was never empty. The selections were typical of most buffets but I found everything to be tasty. I didn't have anything from the Mongolian BBQ but I thought that was a great option. I also thought the prices were reasonable. For two adults, we paid $24 for two buffets and two drinks. Wait, now that I think about it, we were overcharged a drink! Nice....My only issue with this place (besides the recent revelation that we were overcharged) was the service. We asked for a highchair, when seated, which was never brought until our drinks arrived and we had to ask again. Also, we had asked for a child's milk which arrived in the biggest cup they had. Picture a 2 year old drinking milk out of those large plastic Coke cups and the prospects are dismal. It was apparent there was a language barrier but common sense should overcome the barrier and dictate that the toddler needs a special chair and special cup. This occurred a few more times when we had to ask for napkins, a cup of water in a chilod's cup, extra silverware, etc. He didn't clear our plates as quickly as I would have liked but it was Valentine's Day and they were very busy. I didn't mind because of it. Other than the service, we were glad that we came. Our other favorite buffet is Crazy Buffet in Tempe which is alot further away. Great China Buffet is 10 minutes away and just as good!
4	What a great new buffet for the North Central area!!! It's one of the biggest ones I've ever seem (that's what she said)!  Now bigger doesn't always equate to better, but this place was really good. All of the food was super fresh (or as fresh as you can expect a buffett to be). the had plenty of options, better sushi than most chinese buffett places and even a Mongolian Gr\ll in the back!  Service was good, prices pretty good and pretty good quality food. Dig it, want to go back...tonight...
3	I really didn't think this place was all that great.  None of the food that I ate was particularly very good.  I think the best thing I had were some sort of sweet and sour meatball things.  Everything was just hard, overcooked, or flavorless.  I wasn't really impressed with the options available either.The saving grace of this place is the BBQ station and the sushi bar.  The bbq looked 1000 times better than YC's Mongolian freeze-dried junk.  The sushi was decent too.  This place is just middle of the road for me.  I can't blame it for having over-cooked food...it's a buffet.  But still, I've had better.
3	I think the only reason I am giving this buffet 3 stars is because their Mongolian style BBQ was pretty awesome and they have my beloved Chinese Donuts!!!  The food selection here is pretty impressive.  If you've ever been in a Hometown/Old Country Buffet, just imagine all of those food troughs covered in Asian food.  I tried a little bit of everything that looked good to me, and that amounted to about 15 different items.  I wasn't too impressed, but I quite enjoyed the honey chicken.  The rest of the food was just really flavorless and the chicken and broccoli left a really gross film in my mouth after I ate it.  Since I wasn't feeling the buffet I went over to the BBQ area.  They have lots of good stuff to choose from, including shrimp!, but I narrowed it down to a few items.  They have the create your own sauce thing, but none of it is labeled, so you have to guess and kind of stab away in the dark. I waited FOREVER to get someone over there to cook my food, but once it was done and i ate it, it was really good.  We won't be back for a few reasons and there are a ton of other Chinese buffets to demolish first.
2	I went here with my younger brother around 1:30 PM on a Wednesday afternoon (basically right when one would expect the lunch rush to be slowing down). At first glance, I was like, "Wow! This place is huge!", however, I quickly realized that the illusion of being a huge buffet was produced by full size mirrors on the walls next to the buffet bars and that in reality, they actually only have 4 or 5 buffet bars.As for the food, it was mediocre at best. I couldn't even cut the orange chicken with my fork (it was so tough), and their sushi bar was a complete joke. I could hardly find any actual raw fish anywhere in the sushi rolls (it was all just imitation crab meat ), and the actual rolls were very gummy and rubbery when eaten. I didn't get a chance to try the Mongolian BBQ station, which might be why my opinion is so low, but I've never been much of a fan of Mongolian BBQ anyways.The Good: Their Lo Mein noodles were delicious, and I thoroughly enjoyed their egg rolls (which were actually more like spring rolls). A number of the other food options I sampled (such as the cream cheese wantons and the stuffed mushrooms) were rather enjoyable.Summary: For a $6.49 lunch, this place is not bad. If you like Mongolian BBQ, and want to eat a ton of food, I'm willing to bet that you will thoroughly enjoy this place. If you are wanting sushi from a buffet, however, I would strongly recommend you go elsewhere.
4	Went here with Rand H. for thhe lunch buffet and i thought it was pretty good. The food was all tasty and there was lots to choose from.There is also a mongolian BBQ and sushi table.I gave them 4 stars because there is a couple of better Chinese buffets in the valley (Jen buffet and Pacific seafood buffet) that are 5 stars but this place would make my top ten Chinese buffets list. So if your looking for a good Chinese buffet in the Phoenix area this one would be a good choice.
2	Ok, I went to Great China because 1. I was dining alone tonight and 2. I have a guilty pleasure for buffets. I went expecting the place would be a 3 but probably no more. Well It generally is the same set-up as Hometown but Americanized Chinese Food. The crowd was about 98% Hispanic 2% Gay Men. You pay after you eat now, which seems odd. I guess they figure more tips that way, meaning less labor costs. They do bring your refills and clear your plates promptly so it is worth it. I grabbed a plate, the first couple I picked up had food on them. I put them aside and moved to a different stack not thinking much about it with all the kids there. The one I got looked clean enough. I went through and checked out all the offerings and made my way filling up my plate. I skipped the BBQ section as I found plenty that looked good.Most of the dishes were pretty good. Some were much better than expected such as the pepper shrimp. Another reviewer mentioned the egg rolls were like Spring rolls. Actually they had both kinds on two different tables. Both were mediocre at best. I ate everything on my plate with the exception of the stuffed crab shells, which were stuffed with some rather odd inedible filling.I went back for seconds and picked up a soup bowl. The first couple still had food in them. Then I realized that most of them did. Thinking back on the plates earlier, I almost lost it. Come on people basic Sanitation here. Get a new dishwasher or something but fix it. Most of the other people didn't seem to care so I doubt it will be high on their priority list. I did mention it to my server.Anyway, I don't think I will be back anytime soon after this experience. Before the Soup Bowl, I was ready to rate it a 3.5 but they lost me. Anyone rating this place a 5 is either an owner/investor or has serious munchies in my opinion. They could easily turn this place around with better management, but I doubt they will, We will see.
1	I'VE NEVER SPAT OUT SO MUCH FOOD IN MY LIFE! I WISH THE MEMORY OF THIS PLACE WERE AS SHORT AS THE TIME THE FOOD SPENT IN MY STOMACH. I barely got home before I was wretching it all out. All hail to the porcelain god!Sometimes those Curious George moments of exploratory inquest (like Diamonds on 7th Ave) should just be suppressed. In the case of Great China Super Buffet, curiosity _will_ kill the cat.In case you're dragged there by your kidnappers:--green beans with you-can't-believe-it's-not-butter slipperyness is swallowable--fresh fruit with sugary sweet red-colored corn syrup slathered all over it. it is fruit, after all.--cantaloupe, honeydew and red grapes are the ONLY safe items in the whole place--cook-to-order BBQ bar is a novelty, but the meat quality is little better than Bantha Poo-doo.104 items, tasted and spat. The notable worst of the worst:--cooked seafood. Krab pieces and wonton noodles buried under a pile of melted cheese. think gag reflex.--butter mushrooms. squishy rubber which if not held carefully in the mouth while chewing, might bounce into your throat and choke you.--halved hard-boiled eggs. how can a hard boiled egg be so dry it's crunchy?--gloopy globs of "honey", "sweet", "bbq" and 30 other substitute names for breaded, fried and corn-syruped to death. it'll be _your_ death.--bbq pork ribs are little more than charred fat left on the bone, painted red and then baked. EW--oh, i almost forgot the horrible mystery sushi rolls. don't let the brightly colored drizzle sauce fool you!--shell-on shrimps mean naive customers are about to eat shrimp poop. DE-VEIN THEM, OR DON'T SERVE THEM, YOU PIGS!SLASH MEXICAN--China is close enough of a translation in Spanish. Still, they serve Mexican food here, too.--"Fried Rice" is little more than pasty-orange "Spanish"-style, but it's NASTY--Enchiladas. At a Chinese place? Come on!--Burritos. WHAT?!!!--oh, and Pizza, and Garlic Bread !!!PIGSTY--flies swarmed in the walkways between islands and kitchen.--dishes and leftover food stacked endlessly behind half-wall stations in buser tub after buser tub--carpet is so filthy you might slip and slide--glass doors, entry walkway tile, and hostess counters haven't been cleaned in months--pussy ooze dripped off the mouth of the gumball machine in the entryway@Rand H. -- Are you an investor or something? I hope you have insurance. You CAN'T be serious about a fiver review. Boo!@The-rest-of-you. Make me wish I could "enemy" yelpers. Why didn't you give me a proper goddam warning?!?!I **AM** GOING TO CALL THE EFFING HEALTH INSPECTOR !!!
1	Well I don't know Rand but I know Glenn to be a pretty good judge of food until now. Maybe we went on days with different cooks or something. I was very disappointed. My friend and I could not agree on a place to eat so we thought what the heck check out the new Buffet. Looks the same as the old country Buffet only darker, about every other light bulb was out. Just the feel of this place was off to me. We arrive about 20 minutes after they opened, yet the majority of the items on the Buffet appeared to have been there overnight. Almost every item I tried was overcooked. Way over cooked. I tried the following: Egg roll...Yuck!!!!!! Crab Ragoon....more like a hollow wonton Beef and broccoli....really how do you mess this up? With bad broccoli! Spicy chicken..Lets just say I don't think it was chicken General Tsao chicken.....was just sweet no spice and soggy...bluck Mongolian stir fry.....ok but not worth the trip Mushrooms....decent Fried potatoes...good Fried rice...crusty no flavor Fried Fish....good Fried shrimp...doughy with the vein some pork dish....don't remember Rib tips...dried up and no flavor Wings....of a pigeon maybe California roll....no flavor, fell apart, and was dry. Wasabi....no, green paste WTF? Chinese donut.....Yummy The seafood was scary looking. I ended up eating fried fish that they had just brought out & fried potatoes and the only reason they have a star is because they have a very good Chinese donut! I know a Buffet sounds good sometimes but do yourself a favor & drive past this joint! Head to 15th ave and camelback just a few blocks away and visit Peter Wongs! For more details check out my Wong review!
3	Alarmed by two very negative reviews that have been posted recently for this place, I stopped in today for lunch to find out what's going on.  They started out just great, back in February, & I've been there a couple of times since & loved the place!Once inside, I immediately started diligently looking for the "Onestarness" that was reported.  Here's the worst I could come up with:*  The hostess was snarky!  They need to get here away from the public!*  The P.A. System was blabbing out rap music!*  The Mongolian BBQ didn't have the sauces out where you can put them on yourself, & it's not really set up so that you can talk to the chef to tell him how you want it prepared.  I loaded up my plate & turned it in, having topped it only with a little garlic that were accessible there, to see what would happen.  What happened was that it came back to me very bland.  Not 'bad', but certainly not great like at Chinese Gourmet Buffet, Crazy Buffet, #1 Eastern, etc.  Mongolian BBQ is all about the sauces!*  The mashed potatoes were soup!  They looked like Cream of Wheat when you first start to cook it!  Whoever put that out obviously didn't have any idea what mashed potatoes are!Ok, there's your 1-Star stuff.  The story doesn't end there, though! *  After a few minutes, the music changed to soft Chinese instrumental music, just fine for the place!  Apparently, the preps had the rap on before opening time.*  When you skip the potato soup, that still leaves you with 101 other trays of food, not counting sauces & dressings, & every bite of it I had room to try was at least ok.  The fried chicken was very crispy outside, juicy & tender inside.  There were two kinds of bone-in ribs, & both were good.  There were lots of shrimp dishes, including tasty bacon-wrapped & rather big breaded fried shrimp, & so on.*  The table service was good, & the cashier (you pay after you eat, here) was sweet & friendly!SO, down to 3-Stars now for Great China Super Buffet.  It's off my favorites list, but I still like the place & this is the worst review I can give it.
2	Great China Super Buffet was an adventure.  There were some inedible items on that buffet.  I didn't spit out my food like my dinner guest.  I will not be back sad to say because I like a good buffet.
1	Gross.  Period.
4	True, this place is not shining like the top of the  Chrysler building. However, it is an inexpensive buffet,so you cannot have it all.                    The hostess is always eating when you come in and she is never happy. Everyone else there is great!  They have a huge selection of food here,lots of seafood as well. Your drink comes with the meal and they put out a lot of coupons. So even better. Plenty of parking and lots of seating.
1	Closed.  The new restaurant in it's place is called Mandarin Buffet.  Haven't tried it yet.
4	= = = = CLOSED, BUT REOPENED AS MANDARIN SUPER BUFFET! = = = =This place closed for a number of months but reopened recently (by the same owner) as Mandarin Super Buffet.  It's been completely & beautifully redone inside, & it's a solid 4 Stars as the new "MANDARIN SUPER BUFFET"!     :-))
