4	Pretty new branch. Still has that "new branch" smell to it
5	I was thrilled to see a Chase branch go up here next to my regular coffee joint, tanning salon and nail tech! I visited for the first time yesterday and I was helped promptly. I spoke with Darla (I believe that was her name). She was extremely friendly and helpful about information about mortgage loans. I explained that I was starting a new job and she reminded me to set up direct deposit and printed me the slip to give to my HR. She also printed me a new debit card. Normally when I need a debit card, it is a week long process. Apparently this branch can print them the same day! Awesome!! I LOVE this new Chase branch!!
5	Bank review. Bangin!Sometimes you DO need to let the masses know when there is a good biz out there and this happens to be one. If you're a Chase customer, I'm sure you've been in some sh*tty branches before. Broken ATM's, long lines, 'tude tellers, people who have no idea who to get the job done, etc. Walking into this branch is like walking into Pleasantville. People are literally hanging out of their offices to say hello/goodbye to you. The teller was super competent and even waved some little fees for yours truly.  My debit card had also stopped working and they took care of that in about 5 min. Yep. No longer do you have to wait for the 5-10 days in the mail or pay an overnight shipping fee, now they just print a shiny new one for ya in the store. Not every store has this capability, but this one does. Lucky me.
5	Was here about 3:30 pm on Fri/20 Sep:- This is a recently opened branch (early 2013, I think) so all their equipment/furniture/building seems new.- Staff is really friendly and helpful.  Sometimes I get offered a bottle of water.  - While I was in line a Chase member alerted/directed me to their new fancy in-shop super-ATMs.  Similar to a gigantic tablet, touch-screen/portrait-orientation, it accepts insertion/deposit of a combination of bills/greenbacks simultaneously, and no annoying deposit envelope/slip required.  - The super-ATM accurately counted my multi-denominational deposit and gave me a receipt.  I'll using one of their super-ATMs more in the future.- The teller Jessica is really cool and professional.
1	Several times I've had missed automatic payments with the online automatic bill pay for this bank! Tired of having to constantly call about this problem and call my creditors because Chase can't seem to get it right! Then I have to jump thru hoops to have late fees reversed! I was with Washington Mutual before it became Chase, great bank, too bad it was bought out by Chase, now I'm looking for a better bank!!! :(
1	Shiny brand new location (approx open 2Q'13) has all the bells and whistles of a brand spanking new branch with all the tech amenities you would want EXCEPT, there are NO bankers!! I came in to open a new account. Signed in on the Wait List at 4:06p. By 4:51, I think I was more than reasonably patient. Great way to start their 2015. It's useless to open more convenient branches if you can't staff them with bankers! Duh!
