4	We had dinner at Fuego Del Mar on a Monday evening. We had a groupon for Fuego Tacos worth $10 off, and the manager honored the groupon and gave us $30 off our meal to make up for the difference in cost on the menu. The atmosphere was calm. Low lighting, a small space, and not busy the night we went. The food was very fresh. I got the Enchiladas Del Mar, which were excellent. The sauce did not overwhelm the flavors of the seafood. I also got the pineapple cole slaw which was a little bland but also had some spice to it, and the hush puppies which were brilliant. My boyfriend got the Ahi Tune Steak, which we both loved. Again, the sauce was minimal so it allowed the flavor of the fish to shine. He also got the hush puppies and chipotle mac & cheese, which is basic but has some spice and bacon in it to liven it up.It was a bit expensive, especially since we thought we were going to eat a cheap taco dinner, but it turned out good. The staff was kind and accommodating. Overall, I would recommend this for 2-3 people (too small for large groups).
3	Nice ambiance. Had appetizers, they weren't that great.Kind of small place.
5	AMAZING!!  I have actually been here for lunch a couple times when it was called Fuego Tacos and it was really good then.  They still have the taco menu for happy hour and lunch I believe.    My gf and I went here last saturday night and it was probably one of the best restaurant experiences we have had in quite some time.  Our service was really great the waitress was very helpful and extremely nice (wish I remembered her name!)  We both ordered margaritas which were really good.  My only small small small problem was that there probably could have been a little more tequila in it (but I am a huge man that likes my drinks strong)  We had the pablano peppers appetizer which was amazing and just the right amount for an appetizer.  I ordered the green chile stuffed relleno (which I have also had at their sister restaurant, Fuego Bistro)  and it was incredible it was even better than the one I had there.  It was cooked perfectly and the crispiness of the batter was in a perfect relationship with the softness and flavors of the pepper and seafood.  Also the seafood was cooked to perfection, which is very rare for Arizona.  I had the mac and cheese and hush puppies for my sides which were also delectable.  My gf had the enchiladas which she also thought were marvelous , I got to eat her second one, the next day and she was right.  I would absolutely recommend this place if you are in the area and I want you all to support the restaurant so that it sticks around and I can go there on the regular! haha We are definitely going to make it habit of eating here.
4	Went there during lunch.  Lunch prices were very reasonable, the service was good and the food was delicious.  Would definitely recommend and will be going there again.
4	The hubby and I took two other couples out for dinner.  The drinks were pretty good and the atmosphere was relaxed. The food was very flavorful with a great hint of spice/heat.
3	Place has great potential not entirely capitalized upon.  Everything was good and it certainly has cool ambiance but the service lacked something to be desired.You know how some people are great servers/hosts, etc?  Well, others are just doing a job.  The first person a customer contacts should be a host/hostess.  The food and menu was very good though I would have been more impressed with a little more oomph from staff.We had enchiladas and the ahi tuna.  Yet again I managed the better menu selection (this NEVER happens to me).  The enchiladas were VERY good.  Spicy but not too much and the cole slaw was an excellent compliment.  I have to say that from reading other's reviews, I expected more of the hush puppies and mac n cheese.  Both tasty and the pups were extremely light and crisp, I just prefer more savory flavor.  My husband was satisfied with his fish but not overwhelmed.We used a Groupon for this place which I'm glad for though ended up being a somewhat complicated process.  Tried to milk our anniversary once more with only patronizing comments from our server - I don't care if you've been married twice as long as we have, it's still a special day for us!Anyhow, still a good experience but I probably would rather have tried Solo or gone back to True Foods or Stingray's.Sorry, Fuego del Mar...seems you're loosing your fizzle.
4	Nice cozy atmosphere and fantastic food.  I took my parents here on a Saturday for Mexican seafood.  Del Mar didn't disappoint or I would have heard about it... From my parents lol.  Our server was friendly we were early for our reservation but they didn't make us wait.  We ordered flavored margaritas and mojitos.  It took a coupe tries to get the favor matching what we ordered but no biggie.  We ordered ceviche and a stuffed pepper appetizer.  Both-yummy.  Then the entrees cod, and seafood enchiladas.  My mom said the cod was the best she ever had, perfect.  The enchiladas were great also.  The Mac and cheese side rocks.  Fuego Del Mar, you have my moms seal of approval.  Enough said!
2	I really wanted to like this cute place.. I will add, the service was nice.  I found this restaurant through Amazon local, it looked good and had pretty good review overall, but while there, I realized that it was extremely over priced for the food they served... I got the enchilada dish, and it was extremely spicy, to the point that my eyes watered (share dinner with kid) because the dish was $24, she was not able to eat it, and oly eat the corn bread hushpuppies, which taste good, my husbad order a $25 dish.  Mind you we had to order like this because it was the deal I bought,  rediculous... I know they have to make money but come on... first impression are huge...   We also ordered an appetizer (some fish tasteless dish) and a couple a drinks and the bill came to $75.00 plus add tip.  To say the least, I will never go back, I expect a lot of flavor for that price.  I went to Anaya's in my neighborhood and I ordered almost the same with the difference that I got extra margarita and the price was $33.00 plus tip, and it was to die for!    If you have money to waste and like a bit of a snobby attitude while you enjoy dinner, then this is it, I think they should move location, get a new cook, chill a bit...lower the prices a bit..and they may have a chance.  Good luck.
3	"No fried food!" I said to myself to balance a lack of exercise. This resolve quickly crumbled once I began to sample the Del Mar Empanadas at Fuego Del Mar. I've eaten my fair share of empanadas in my lifetime. These are a staple in any South American kitchen. (My Mom makes *amazing* empanadas.) They can be baked or fried. Fried ones are generally, in my opinion, the better variety.At Del Mar the empanadas are stuffed with crab meat, chorizo, goat cheese (yes!)  and white corn. If that wasn't enough goodness, they are topped with a tomatillo verde sauce. I had agreed to "just try" the empanada as I wasn't prepared to sabotage myself.Pfft! The empanadas are heavenly. I don't know quite how they time the cooking, but the chef managed to present a delightful culinary treat without a hint of grease. They were fried ... but there wasn't any goop. (For lack of a better word.) Seriously good stuff.My dining companion and I had arrived at Fuego Del Mar after using Yelp. There was a $5 for $10 deal. What we missed in reading carefully, is that the menu displayed on the mobile app is for lunch pricing.  (Whoops!) Additionally, I was a bit bummed as I wasn't ravenous and the Happy Hour menu (which is available "all day") may not be combined with any other offers. At that point we almost decided to sit separately at the bar after speaking with the server. (There seemed to be some confusion that the Yelp offer is still online.)I'd checkout downstairs seating. Upstairs offers a beautiful view of the bar. However, service turn around can be limited. That being said, upstairs dining, when seated by the railing offers a stunning view of the bar. (We did not realize that however, as we were seated against the wall.) This is a really cute place that has a hip bar ambiance. The food was unbelievable.
1	I should have known from the beginning it wasn't going to be a good experience.  I eat out enough to know the customary greeting a server offers is typically a short greeting followed by a drink order.  What I was offered was a question if I had any groupons or other types of discounts.  I did happen to purchase a $10 for $5 here from Yelp she tells me "I thought we discontinued that, hmmm".  Not a great way to start.  When my friend asked if it was possible to order happy hour she said in a very snooty way there was no way to mix the coupon and happy hour prices.  Not even if we split the check.  I don't have a problem with that, it was the way she felt she needed to inform us.  She started to walk away while we figured out what we wanted, again still not asking if we wanted anything to drink.  I had to ask if she could get our drink orders.At this point I knew I didn't want to have a meal here but I didn't want to waste my $5 I had spent on Yelp for this place so I ordered an appetizer to split with my friend.  It was very good but not worth ever visiting again.Had that been the worst of it this review would be much different.  The remainder of our visit we were ignored for large portions of time and received more attitude each time she did decide to stop by.It was understaffed and I'm sure this is why she wasn't in the best of moods but that doesn't excuse taking it out on the customers.
2	THIS RESTAURANT ALSO IS UNDER FUEGO TACOS.  NOT SURE WHY THEY HAVE TWO PROFILES BUT LOOK AT THE BOTH.  WE POSTED THIS SAME REVIEW THERE TOO.We love to try new restaurants and this one popped up with a Groupon offer for $30, so we thought we would give it a shot.It was very disappointing.  The only reason why we gave this some stars was because our waitress Amanda was funny and inviting.  Unfortunately she was the only waitress and doubled as the bartender, but she did hustle and do their best.  Our first problem?  People will think we are harsh, but the person who sat us (the only other person in the restaurant) seemed to have a hearing impairment.  He said nothing to us, didn't welcome us and when we asked a question, he ignored us.  I know - he's deaf (or partially) but why would you put such a person at the front door?  It took us at least 20 minutes to figure out why he was "so rude" to us.We ordered (supposedly) the two best items on the menu.  The pasta and the enchiladas del mar.  The pasta was watery and spicy.  The del mar was unremarkable with overcooked rubbery seafood.   I love seafood and I love Mexican seafood, but they have nothing but seafood on the menu.  If you want meat or chicken you are SOL.  The drinks were good.  Service took a while since poor Amanda was just about everything rolled into one.  We think it would have been better for hearing impaired guy to be running the bar (and bussing) and having Amanda be waitress and hostess.  Just our opinion.The other problem is the location in the Esplanade.  This is just an odd place for business.  It has an annoying "pay-only" garage, within a dead area, with no vibrant shops.  Getting in and out isn't easy either.   We remember way back when, when McCormack and Schmidt was a bustling restaurant here.  It just seems that nothing succeeds in the Esplanade across from those Biltmore shops.  Even the pedestrian walkway didn't help.  How many people were killed leaving the Esplanade and running across the street to the Biltmore?  That ought to be an indicator.   We don't know why or how things fail in the Esplanade it's just one of those things.  It's like the old Galleria Mall failing directly across the street from The Fashion Square. It was a $90 bill, minus the $30 Groupon, plus tip.  Was it worth it?  We don't think so.  Would we go again?  No.  There's better Mexican food in the valley, closer and a lot cheaper.  We don't think this place will last long.  Its seems everyone in there had a Groupon or an Amazon local coupon.  They actually had a sign at the door explaining the rules.  That to me that points to a problem when the only reason people will visit your joint is with a coupon.And the best part?   When we go to restaurants we usually will "check in" on Yelp.  Sometimes we get offers or not.  The photo, is the offer we received when we checked in.  (Palm to face)
2	The atmosphere is nice. Smooth music, low lights, modern setting. The sever had a good attitude. And was sure to check up on us often enough. But not too much as to where it would be annoying. But let's be honest. The food is simply mediocre. The Mac and cheese is atrocious. A 49 cent kraft box could have given this Mac and grease a beat down. The vegetables were undercooked and over seasoned. The hush puppies were burned and the coleslaw was drowned in vinegar.  With that said the pulled pork was tender and well prepared. (According to my DH). I myself ordered the chile relleno and although it was decent I wasn't Impressed. So here is my reasoning behind the two stars: the pomegranate mijito itself was delicious!! (That's one star) and the server was very polite and upbeat (there is two)! Let's just say I'm gifting that second groupon. Not worth the trip!
1	I am not a big fan of AMANDA (owner and waitress), or Fuego Del Mar A.K.A. Fuegos Tacos! If you are new in the area or just visiting, please watch out for this restaurant!! I assure you this place will give you suspicions.What's the point of having a groupon deal if the business does not welcome newcomers! Please please be careful yelpers.
1	Wow i havent dished our a one star in a while but this place definitely earned it.  Stopped in to try it out for a working lunch today.  First problem you have to park underground and get a ticket to park.  Next, negative vibe by the guy host at front door who also brings the negative vibe when he pours you water (no smile or talking).  I always say if you dont have a great personality that is okay, just dont have a job where you interface with the public.  Next chips and salsa.  Chips tasted stale or they might just use bad oil.  Salsa was okay but certainly not amazeballs.  Finally, steak and pork tacos.  YUCK both were really not very tasty.  Although we asked for a togo container after taking a few bites (just to be nice as i wouldnt serve it to a pet if i had one) we dumped it in the trash first chance we got.  Pinto beans were totally runny loke cafeteria food.They do validate your parking ticket. so after yout dissapointing meal you can navigate underground road ragers.  LolOn a positive note, decor was really nice, good internal vibe etc.  place is not for me.Have fun, steer away from the Fuego. And find your sizzle amigos!
1	Just called to inquire abt using a restaurant.com certificate....spoke to who I think must be the stupidest woman and server on the planet! I asked if I could use certificate for appetizers and she said I should come back at lunch. Then I asked if there were any vegeterian appetizers to use it on at dinner, as we were going to go see a movie after dinner . She said alll they had was the ahi appetizer....um hello idiot ! I asked afaib for vegeterian appetizers and she said the ahi was all they had...ok not ever going back there! Wow stupid
4	I thought this place was great. We started with the empanadas and coconut shrimp which were both very tasty. For the entrees we had the seafood relleno and the peascado espanola we both had the Mac and cheese and hush puppies for our sides. The relleno and hush puppies were awesome. My only negative is that my pescado lwas a little bland and the Mac and cheese definitely needed salt but after I added some salt it was great. However, I would like to see them have some sides that are a little more Latin like plantains or black beans etc.The service was also very good. The hostess sat us right away and was friendly and our server was attentive.
1	WTHeck! Is this place EVER open???? I've been there twice for lunch and they've been closed. Their website needs to be updated. When I've called I get a recording saying they're busy so of course that makes me think they're open.
1	We felt the need to update our posting, since the owner chimed in on our humanity.  Amanda Ward, if you happen to read this, after 20 years maybe it's time to leave your husband, and find a real businessman who's best job wasn't a day trader. Let us explain and show you how social media works.  Jeff & Amanda Ward:  We never mentioned anyone's name (so now we are) and our intent wasn't to shame "Chritopher" (funny how if you say that out loud, it's EXACTLY how a deaf person would say it...CHRI...TO...PHER!), and you're the one who brought up his name.  We gave nothing but praise to Amanda for her hard work and trying to make the best of a bad situation and restaurant.  So Jeff Ward calls us an A-hole because we gave him a crappy review??? We weren't saying Chris was a bad person, we were saying that it was sheer ineptitude on your part to put such a person as your host and greeter as your host.   Was I supposed to know sign language? How do you expect your customers to communicate with a host?  Pen and paper?  Your greeter and host is the one who markets the food and introduces the outside world to your doorway, but after reading your post to customers it's clear that you are too obtuse to realize this. We made the suggestion that rather than having Amanda be busser, bartender and waitress, why not have her be host and waitress and have Chris be bartender and busser?  It makes sense but I guess you didn't learn that in day trader school, did you Jeff?Your other commentary just shows what a douchebag your truly are, Jeff.   Beyond deciding on Marlee Matlan being your host, your food sucks.  I mean really sucks.  It's unremarkable. Your supposed best items were mediocre.  It's not even Mexican food. You should call it Fuego Del Mierda.  In a city and a state that was owned by Mexico for 1000s of years, and with tons of competition with Hispanic foods, one would think you and Amanda would develop a remarkable and different concept.  My suggestion is to hire someone in the restaurant industry that has a last name with a few vowels and ends with the letter "Z"   It's surprising that your wife Amanda is the only one working with the deaf guy.  Where were you?  Working your second job at Best Buy?  Did you go back to day trading because you can't hack it in the restaurant business?I feel sorry that your chose a bad location and have a shitty restaurant. (but not really -again highlighting your ineptitude and ignorance)  All you had to do was ask anyone homeless dude in Phoenix and they would have shared what a disaster the Esplanade is.  Are there any shops left there?  Oh yeah - just your little crappy joint.  We also feel sorry that Amanda is married to a first class assclown who knows nothing about customer service, customer retention, responding to customer critics, social media or how to run a business.  Stick to day trading Jeff.  Do you really think flaming us and others in your own Amy's Bakery-Esq way was going to help your cause?  Really?  We envy the day you go out of business and Amanda realizes how she wasted 20 years with a class act like you.  Social Media - 1.  Jeff Ward, former day trader and soon-to-be restaurant failure from Fuego del Mierda - 0.  On your last day of business, we will show up, introduce ourselves in person and smile!
4	I actually think this place has great food. The ceviche appetizer is to die for. However its hidden in between office buildings and you'd have no idea it was there. I'm giving it 4 stars only because the last time I went with my husband the service was just not the same. Our waitress was very inattentive. Great prices though. And I love the drinks come in a mason jar!
