1	Went there for breakfast - big mistake!! Thought I'd try their egg-white omelet sandwich, you know the healthy one they advertise. Was told they were "out." How can you be out of the thing you are advertising???? Went to pay and was told that they take no coupons - so why did I get them in the mail for the breakfast options?? No policy posted anywhere about this. . . Finally, was offered a "combo" but then told it doesn't exist for the sandwich I ordered. Basically this location engages in unethical practices AND the sandwich was pretty mediocre. Save the money and go someplace local!
4	I'm not usually a huge fan of Subway but I have to say the cheese omelet on flat bread with some spinach makes for a quick and tasty breakfast.  You can also 'borrow' Starbucks wifi while your there ;).
5	I have been here for breakfast a couple of times and it was really good, consistent with other Subways.  They were friendly and the food was fresh, what more is there to say ....
2	It's been a while since I've had Subway so I decided to stop in today for lunch.The line when I walked in was almost too the door so I felt like it was going to be a good experience. But then I heard the cashier say to the rest of the crew "well it's nice outside so you know we are going to be very busy"...ummm, guys we can ALL hear you!Moving on...they had a nice assembly line going but I was a little taken aback when before I even got to the counter the young lady yelled "what will you have?" ...whew...good thing I was knew what I wanted and was ready said with my order. I said "tuna on whole wheat please"...she then shouted it as she had before with the four people in front of me down to the cashier...interesting method yes...effective, I don't think so.But eventually I got to the counter and my tuna sandwich and piled on my toppings...banana peppers, jalepenos, lettuce and pickles and made it to the cashier who already knew my sandwich order...of course but somehow tricked me into a combo but I wasn't too mad at her because the raspberry and white chocolate and chocolate chip cookies were simply delicious.  The tuna sandwich was like I remember not outstanding but I was hungry so it did the job, but those cookies were the real winners of the whole meal!! The food was ok, the service was lacking but those cookies were the real winners...
1	I ordered a chicken breast sandwich, when I got home, Dahn Moses gave me the Turkey, lettuce and mayo sandwich that the girl ordered behind me. I drove back and told them of the mistake, and no one apologized. Dahn made me a sandwich, again, not changing gloves, and I didn't get a refund. She was rude and I'll never go back.
3	UPDATE: I feel that it's only fair I do an update for this location since I've been back a few more times since my last review. I cant really give an update for the sandwiches or preparation because lately I've only been going for the cookies.  Okay, so I'm totally obsessed with their cookies. I admit it, but there are far worse things to be obsessed with...just saying! Anywho,  I'm bumping them up one star because the cookies are consistently delicious, they are always available (raspberry cheesecake is my favorite) and are super reasonably priced. Also, I have noticed a shift in the customer service...lately the staff has been very friendly. Hopefully, this will be their new norm...I'll keep my fingers crossed.
5	I've gotten sandwiches here at lunch frequently.  This is one of the better run Subways I've been to.  They move the lunchtime line quickly.  My sandwiches have always been exactly what I ordered.
