5	This place is great!!!!! Have been going there at least once a week for past few months. I love their rice bowl. The best thing about them is that they try to do something different from the regular places. Even their sandwiches, gyros, wings are very good. I also love their fries. This place is a must try! Also i like the service, they try and personalize the food for you. keep rocking!
4	Good stuff here.  They still have the Quizno's toaster which is the only thing I liked about that place, but seem to improved everything else.  I had a chicken philly but asked for it with their jerk chicken instead of the regular, and it was quite good.  The fries were frozen bag fries but crispy and flavorful.  The bread they used was pretty good too.  I will be back to try to find something even better than the philly I had.
4	I've been eating at this sub shop for over 2 years now. I love this little gem behind Staples.
5	Staff are so friendly, & get my order perfect every single visit!  They give you so much meat too!  Hefty portions, & they put Subway and Jersey Mikes to shame.
4	Jill really liked the Philly sandwich. My burger was very good. Owner works the business and is very friendly.  It's worth the trip. Next time I'm trying the rice bowl.
4	I have been having lunch here at least once a week for years and I felt it was time I write a review.  Obviously I like it.  The food is always tasty and prepared just the way you ask for it.  They'll do just about any change to a menu item you want.  A wide variety to chose from so something for anybody.  I like the subs and that's mostly what I have.  But the hot dogs, Gyro's, burgers, and desserts are great too.  Have not had any of the many other items offered so no comment on those.But what really makes it stand out is the people.  The owner is almost always there and is super friendly and helpful.  All of his staff follows is lead and are just as friendly and helpful.  Just a nice place to have a satisfying lunch.
2	I was so excited to try this place but I have to say I was disappointed. Sandwiches were not very good.   I had an Italian and it was very strange. They heated it, which did not help. Honestly you could get much better at Jimmy Johns or Firehouse.
5	Had the chicken Philly for lunch today. It was great!!  I got to sample a jerk rice bowl which was spicy and very flavorful. Will definitely be back to try other menu items when I get the chance.  Very friendly staff, they want to make sure everyone has a positive experience and leaves happy.
4	Went to try something different in the area and was very happy I did. Originally I wanted a salad but something called me to gyro when I got to the place. The owner was super cool. Gyro was on point as was the fries. Next time I am trying the rice bowl
5	I found this place by sheer luck.  I was hungry and bored, so I decided to drive around and saw the sign lit up.  I ordered a cheesesteak with no onions and an order of mozzarella sticks.  First, the sandwich...  The bread is nice and soft, and the flavor of the sandwich was great.  I felt full after just half!The only thing I wasnt thrilled about was the mozzarella sticks.  Typical frozen and re-cooked that you get everywhere else.  I cant complain though because they were still yummy!The gentleman working tonight was doing his best to hustle.  I came in right at closing and he had 2 other sandwiches being made.  I have no problem waiting for a hard worker that gives good service, and that is exactly what I got.   I will definitely be back!!  Definitely recommend this restaurant!
5	Just ate here for the first time. I will definitely be coming back to try the rest of the menu. There's a huge variety, between gyros, grilled or toasted subs, wings, salads, rice bowls, and a ton of different spices: jerk, BBQ, buffalo, curry, Mexican, Thai sweet chili. On and on. I got the Bull Rider grilled sub: marinated chicken with grilled onions and mushrooms and a chipotle BBQ sauce. Absolutely fantastic.The owner is also really cool. I made a Yelp account to come give him a good review. New loyal customer here.
5	My first time trying this place. It was a toss up between it and a subway with one star ratings. It wasn't a very difficult decision. There was another patron there when I entered. I took a look at the menu and knew I'd be coming here for lunch on a daily basis.  I ordered a toasted Italian sub which I'm eating now.  It's delicious!
5	I decided to try the large jerk chicken rice box today.  The owner changed it to a jerk curry rice box. Man there's some incredible hot flavors produced when combining those two spicy flavors. I'm going to be able to snack on this all day, which is another plus. I can't wait to sample their Greek food tomorrow!
5	This place is perfect for lunch. Service is insanely friendly. Food is delicious. They give you a lot, so you can take the leftovers to eat later.Had never eaten there before, but owner guided me to the perfect meal. This will definitely be one of my lunch spots.
5	I was greeted by the owner when I arrived and asked if had been there before, He gave me an overview of the items on the menu, and  some good recommendations, He also greeted and talked with my young son who was with me. While waiting for our order he gave us a large sample of another popular item on the menu while we waited. I liked the family friendly values he had and the great customer service, I plan to go back soon.
5	Charlotte, I've found another gem. You have to get to this place if you like flavorful, creative food.  I found it by accident -another business nearby was closed, and the place caught my eye. First, because there is another sandwich chain shop in the same shopping center, which I thought was odd. But then I read what was on the windows. Mmmmm. Sounds interesting. All those different flavors in one place?  Now I was getting hungry. And wifi too? Okay!  The Owner/chef greeted me at the door. He's very nice and personable.  I have some dietary restrictions, so he asked what I liked, and he offered up some suggestions and even gave me a sample of the Jerk chicken, and told me what his favorites were.  He turned a rice bowl into a the most beautiful, amazing, flavorful and still healthy salad in just a few minutes!  It was a small, and still huge for me. (There is no photo, because I was hungry when I hit the hotel, and ate before snapping a pic, sorry.)    I'm on a business trip, but if I lived in the area, I would definitely be a regular here!  LOVE IT!  Hurry up and give it a try! (.....and also Krazy Fish!)
4	Had lunch today for the first time.  I tried the gyro.  Great sandwich and mist excellent French fries.  The only reason im going four star instead of five is because I thought it was a little overpriced for the amount of food that I received.  I will definitely go back and try some other items.
5	Let it be known that I've never written a review for yelp before and that's probably because no restaurant has compelled me to do so; that was until I started working near Subs n Such...Owner/Chef is very cool laid back but also very upbeat and optimistic about his restaurant--I think this is what sets a restaurant up for failure or success and I think he has the right recipe. Though I've only messed with the rice bowls (Jerk chicken being the best) I've tasted different items that coworkers got and loved it all. So don't sleep on the place, if anything give this owner more money so he can open others around Charlotte!!!
5	I stopped in for lunch and it was delicious. I was torn or what to order and the young lady behind the counter suggested a rice bowl. She was very friendly and made a great suggestion. The rice bowl is more then enough for me to eat today and tomorrow. The owner was working the grill and very friendly. Great food and quality service. 2 thumbs up!
1	No way.... terrible.  I never return to a place where mgmt yells at staff in front of customers. Salad is a joke.
5	Fantastic food, friendly service, nice portions.  A real hidden gem amongst the chains.
4	Good local owned business.  They have a flat top grill so you can get grilled onions on your sub and a toaster oven for A baked sandwich.  No microwave stuff like Subway.My favorite is the Greek sub.  Prices are comerable to other sub shops.
