4	I was set a bit aback when I first saw the sign for Divebar hoisted up in ye olde Wal-Mart shopping center on Tropicana between Pecos and McLeod.  In my estimation, you couldn't just create a bar called 'Divebar.'  Dive bars create themselves in time, I thought.  There's some intrinsic quality - a little bit of time, a measure of grit, some je ne sais quoi - to turn a bar into a true dive.  You can't just inject that culture.  I was wrong - ish.When the bands started to get booked, the clientele was established, and Divebar was a dive bar almost from the moment it opened.  The happy hour specials are great, some fabulous bands have graced the tiny stage, and once a wily dart landed in my fro and stuck there.  It's a bit small and can get uncomfortably crowded when popular bands are playing, but, hey, that goes along with being a dive bar.It's still a little too pretty for my tastes to live up to the name quite yet.  You can bring in as many punk bands as you want, but that measure of grit I mentioned earlier can't be faked.
5	It's nice and dirty and relaxed.  Lots of tattoos but a friendlier crowd than I would have thought considering all the ink.  The night I was there a band called Marya Roxx with a hot little Estonian lead singer was playing, and they were great, solid guitar bass and drums.  Fun to see good live music.  More fun than a barrel full of drunk monkeys.Don't show up til after 10.  It's five minutes east of the MGM on Trop but you'd better have a car to get there.  Here's a list of bands playing there the next couple of weeks: Dayna Delux, Faster Pussycat, Age of Electric, Raging Slab, Kreep, the Tone Junkies, the Dirty Panties.  Awesome.Check out their website for the latest schedule, it's frequently updated.
4	Me (keyboardist in band from L.A. playing at Divebar): Hey, soundguy. Are you going to stick a D.I. on my keyboard or are you miking the amps or are we playing at stage volume?Soundguy: (stammers....looks nervous) I don't understand what you just said. All I know is I was supposed to bring three mic cables. Three mic cables.Me: OK...You just answered my question. Stage volume, it is!So this place lives up to its name and, obviously, the sound guy didn't exactly know much about doing sound. All the patrons look like they just escaped from Rob Zombie's prison. So why did I like it there?Because there was no pretension. And most of all, the audience of scuzzy looking biker punks really enjoyed my artsy-ass jazzcore band. Not the sort of openmindedness you find missing in Los Angeles. So for all its flaws, I can dig this place.
3	My drinks seemed to be a little weak and they took a while to get, but I still had a great time there. One small request though, get a mirror in the bathroom. Even the most divey-est of dive bars I've been in, have had mirrors to check out how drunk you're looking as the night goes on.
5	Love the divebar. Live music most nights. Cheap drinks. Busy nights feel like a huge party with only one keg. So it might take a while to get a drink. Just get two!!--- GREAT OFF THE STRIP BAR ---
2	dive bar is not a dive bar. Naming yr bar "dive bar" is neither funny nor ironic, just stupid. They have 1. A Health district approved kitchen that actually serves food 2. A touchscreen electronic jukebox 3.flatscreen plasma tvs 4. bathrooms that are both usually pretty clean and no one is having sex/ using drugs in.NOT A DIVE BAR!!!!! I did however see Voodoo Glow Skulls there with East Side Joe and that was a magical night and I had a great time. But that does not change the fact that you can pretend to be anything you want, but it still doesnt make you a dive bar. sorry.
3	Recently moving back to Vegas from a town where they had some really cool eclectic punk bars, coming to Vegas I was aware there is a shortage of this kind of bar here. It was a pretty cool little hang out spot though where I could converse with like minded people. Bikers, punks, tattooed mongrels, etc. I liked it there. In all fairness, I've been there twice and both times it was mid week and it was pretty dead. I have heard that they have some good bands there on the weekends. I have yet to go on a Friday or Saturday night. Drink prices weren't insane which was cool. I can see it being a pain in the ass to get a drink if it was busy though. One big plus in my eyes, no f'ing video poker machines. One huge negative - it is hot as hell inside the bar. When I went it was dead and they had nothing but a few circulating fans in the bar. I can see this place being a sauna if you get a good sized crowd in there.Divebar - Come up with a better name, and get some damn air conditioners.
2	Exactly like the name says.  I guess I like my dive bars with a little more panache.  Went to the Divebar on a random Friday night because it is close to my house and I would really like to find a neighborhood bar that I like.  The good:  this place is a true dump, holes in the wall, graffiti, very interesting space.  Drinks were cheap!  No cover.  There was a band setting up but we left before they got started.The bad: BEER IN A CAN.  That's where I draw the line.  I didn't think the bartender was very friendly but maybe it was because I don't have a handlebar moustache.This just wasn't my scene but it definitely has some interesting people watching.
4	I would give this place 5 stars based on the fact that the booze is cheap and everyone is friendly. However the bartending service can be hit or miss, I don't like waiting for a beer for 5-10 minutes while the bartender chats it up and helps no one.
3	ive some good drinks here and some bad ones, some good nights and some bad ones.the name proceeds it.
3	Well what can I say that hasn't been said. I like that the bands get a guarantee to play. I like most of the shows that roll through this place. The Pirates Blood is a great shot and the beer selection is pretty good also. I was surprised at how good the burger and fries were here, and I recommend them to you. The sound man is a good sound guy and the stage is small but suffices enough that you can talk in the next room and drink or get up close in the main stage area and be front center. This place is pretty hidden behind Sheplers Store and I will give it credit, it is a Dive Bar(: "PAN"
2	We came here a few nights ago to try and find my San Antonio Spurs game. Its hard to find a place that has the NBA league pass but this game was showing on TNT so I thought I stood a good chance.Nope.We came here ordered a drink each  - and left. The bartender girl was very friendly but they were watching the Good, the Bad & the Ugly and I felt if I spoke too loud I was interrupting her convo w/ the other patron in the bar. The lights were completely off w/ the exception of the light from the 3 tv's. and one budweiser neon sign. It was a chilled out vibe but I wanted to see basketball. It was beer cans only btw. We left - - went to Blue Dog's.. NFL game was on.. no NBA. went to Sierra Gold - same thing. . Went to Mugshots out on Boulder Hwy.. same thing. I never found my game. :(If somebody knows where I can always catch a game (even on NBA League Pass) please let me know which bars those are as NFL season is coming to a close shortly. Would I go bk to DIVEBAR? maybe.. if I was going to Walmart or Los Compadres down the road.
4	Very fun bar, great service. Perfect alternative for youthful & aging rockers looking for somewhere to go & something to do off the strip & away from the typical Vegas madness. Great service.
2	Let me start off by saying that I'm not a fan of dive bars in general.  Environment: casual and easygoing. there's a stage where the bar has bands play every so often.  I like how some tables have benches as seats.  The space is open and not crowded.Drinks: For canned beer, it sure is overpriced.  I could probably go to a grocery store for CANNED beer and for much cheaper.  And it's canned.  Did I say that already?  Could they not splurge for the bottles?If you like a low-key place to just hang out, this one would probably do just fine.  However, I wouldn't venture here very often.
5	BEFORE GOING IN TO A BAR READ THE NAME!It's a Dive... I know clever name! It smells.The bands are loud. You might see a fight.The clientele is not what you take home to your parents.The music being played is not on the top 40.It's a DIVE BAR, and does that title all that is needed.
4	This bar doesn't claim to be something it's not. It's in the name - guess what, it's a dive bar (Omg!)That being said, it has it's charm. Bartenders who are friendly in an edgy way who know most of the regulars, cheap drinks, amazing karaoke nights, loud bands, attention starved boys and girls that will likely stalk you after a 5 minute conversation... not that I'm speaking from experience. And they book underrated screamy punk bands. How can you argue with that?It's enjoyable, but don't expect too much :)
5	This is my place! Or was until some stupid real estate bull shit shut it down! Everyone here was inviting and was like a big family. The bartenders Angie, Treika and Tero were always attentive and quick to serve. And you could always just chat up the person next to you. There was usually some creep lurking in the corner but they were harmless, usually just drunk.You walked in to this place and you never knew what you were gonna get. A great punk show on stage, Jackass playing on the TV or some freaky porn playing. There was no snobby pretentious attitudes here. Beer came out of a can. Shots came in a plastic cup. And good times ran a plenty! Dive bar, Thanks for the good times!
