4	I went there last night about 7:30 with a friend and the restaurant was almost empty. It was like that sometimes when it was Pie Town too. The pool table right when you walk in the door seems out if place. I would rather see more cool lounge type chairs to socialize with friends. The bar area has a nice feel to it. Our server was above average and very attentive - probably because we were his only table :)The new menu has many great choices for food and still some of their unique pizzas from Pie Town. We ordered the calamari and it was cooked to perfection - not overdone and chewy like most places around Charlotte. We split the chicken marsala and the bacon & egg pizza. Both were outstanding. Note:  I am giving 4 stars for the food and atmosphere, but I would like to give it 3 stars because the red wine selection was very very small, there were only a couple choices of red available. They said they were getting ready for restaurant week. So I am hoping if the owners read this, they will add more red wines like a cabernet and chianti.  We ended up drinking beer. I will go back and if the wine list is better, I will keep the review at 4 stars, otherwise, I will drop it to 3 for good.
4	I recently had lunch here. Fast, express in and out deal. Hailing from the Boston area good Italian is so hard to find.I had the chicken parm. It came steaming hot with a thick layer of cheese, topping the red sauce. I was greeted with two huge slabs of tender chicken. Their red sauce was unremarkable. The good is it wasn't over sweetened and lacked the Mexican seasoning that plagues Italian cooking in NC. Their cannoli needs a lot of work. The shell is too thick and the filling bland and flavorless. They dress the filing up with nuts and chocolate chips, to still find it in want of authenticity. In all it's a great place to have a fast 1 hour or less lunch with a hint of Italian cooking. If you want a wine selection Press is in walking distance and run by the same management.
3	Frankies....good place for lunch if you are walking from any of the local office buildings, apartments or condos.  I have had the soups and salads that were fairly good.  I am still challenged with finding what is missing there since it converted from TOWN, then to PIE TOWN then to Frankies.  Ohhhhh one thing that is missing from the prior eateries...is a great selection of appetizers and wines.  The wife and I went a couple of times on our way to an event...just for appetizers and drinks.  There were 2-3 wines on the wine list.  We were not excited...but then I searched for the true meaning of "trattoria"!  Well....it is not on the scale of an Italian ristorante!  OK....as I started...good for casual lunch with business partners...teammates....but if you go after hours.....make sure you go to wine cellar first....and bring your own favorite wines!!!  Service there is OK as well.
