5	I can not say enough wonderful things about Definitely Debra. Her sincere desire to please her customers, her competitive pricing and her energetic and wonderful personality make her a pleasure to do business with. As for her products, they are second to none. My grandmother called my wedding invitation "the nicest I've ever seen," and I couldn't have been happier. I would recommend Debbie to anyone looking for a great product with a personal touch.
5	Definitely Debra was the best vendor of all in our wedding planning. Our invitations were beautiful and many of our guests complimented them. We had a ceremony followed by two receptions and they personalized our invitations perfectly to fit our needs. We spent a little more than we planned, but looking back, we wouldn't have changed a thing. Simply stunning invitations and Deb was so involved in making our day special. It was such a pleasure. I would recommend their services to others in the future.
5	I am grateful we found Definitely Debra while searching for the perfect wedding invitations. Our invitations were exactly what we wanted.  We received countless compliments from our guests on the invitations, place cards, menus, and programs produced by Definitely Debra. I would recommend Debbie to anyone looking for beautiful and unique invitations/paper products.
1	Definitely NOT Debra.  She was not as helpful as I thought.  Proofing was poor and though it took 3 times to get one of the cards redone, several complained about the size of the font as the background of the invitation was dark.  Spent a lot of money and should have been very satisfied.  Several vendors were shown the invitation and agreed with me.
1	Definitely Debra did the save the dates for our wedding. I was running behind and asked if they could be rushed. The nice woman who helped said no problem. She was very helpful and we settled on a nice design and product.When I went in to pick them up the nice lady who helped me was not there, Debra was. My order was completely wrong. They were the wrong shape and size and on the wrong paper. The envelopes were 5 x 7 and the save the dates were 4 x 6. After Debra scolded me and blamed me for the mistakes that were made beause I waited so long to order, we came to a solution. It was not what I ordered or what I wanted, but at least she made them the right size for the envelope. I went back in a few weeks later for something else, Debra was there and she was rude again.I notice she has a lot of good reviews and the mistakes that were made on my order probably are not the norm. What does seem to be the norm is that she blames her customers for her mistakes. She responded to the review I posted on wedding wire with an insult about me. That made me want to look at other reviews. Every negative review I see for her has a response insulting the customer or blaming someone else for her mistakes. Mistakes are a part of life, everyone makes them but I do not want to do business with a company that blames their customers for their mistakes.Say your sorry, fix the problem and smile and errors will be taken in stride.Use Definitely Debra at your own risk
4	What impressed me the most about Debra was that, unlike many others, she gave me honest feedback and actually took the time to share some design tips. I thought doing the invitations myself would be less expensive, but after all the glue, printer ink and painstaking time it took me to achieve the look I was going for, I wish I would have just let her do it.The paper might be a bit pricey but she did offer me a discount punch card and also has discontinued items at reduced prices.
1	Stopped in for plain-stationery. There's a sandwich-board and window painting advertising that they sell stationery. As this is so hard to find now days, I figured it would be a good local business to support.  I was sadly mistaken.  I was quickly informed that they did not sell stationery, despite protests from myself to the contrary and was quickly ushered to the door.  Apparently I wasn't going to drop enough money to get much attention.
5	I went to Debbie for my sister's baby shower...the custom invitations were amazing! So many people complimented on how adorable they were. Debbie listened to all of my ideas and gave honest and constructive feedback. I will definitely be going back to her for my upcoming wedding needs!
