1	Walk around back, take a look in the shop and decide for yourself if you want them working on your car. Ever see people doing major repairs on their cars in an Autozone parking lot? There's an organized shop 3 or 4  garage doors down for reference. They're also pretty savy at working the system to cover up bad reviews. Changing the name of their shop from Akina Motorsports, Akina Motor Sports, Akina Motorsportz, address changes, etc.
1	these guys kept my engine for 4 months and never delivered on their promises. search the 240 forums and ripoffreport.com  you'll see what others are talking about. In the end this place ended up costing me 5 months of delays and around $1200 in additional costs.
5	I was really happy with the purchase of my engine from here.  The price was excellent and the motor ran great.  They even helped with some advice when I got twisted around on the wiring.  I will definitely recommend using them if you need a new engine.
3	Reasonable price for the engine swap but the guy who's in the front desk don't know how to do customer service. Owner is known to be good for swaps but the front desk guy don't know how to do customer service and pretends to know shit
1	i wish i could give them negative stars. i dropped my car off in march of 2013 to get a 2jz motor and transmission swapped into it. long story short they had it for 5 months and almost destroyed it while test driving it and the drive shaft ripped apart. i removed it from their shop and took it to another for a drive shaft. when i finally got to drive it the engine smoked and the transmission would drop in and out of gears. i took it back to them and they told me it was the turbos smoking and needed to be rebuilt and that the transmission needed some special adapter to make it shift correctly. after paying them even more money to fix what should have been fixed or addressed at first, it still smoked when i got it back and the transmission got so bad that i couldnt drive it. i took it to another shop for a second opinion (automotive diagnostic specialist in chandler, az) and the laundry list of things that were wrong blew my mind. i contacted porche at akina to try and work this out and he wanted me to bring my car back to them AGAIN. fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, but three times i think not!  stay far away from this shop and any or all who associate with it, i believe they operate on the guise of knowing how to work on cars but for the majority they dont....... the old man was probably the nicest person there, the one always working. i feel bad that he is stuck coaching the JV team. WORSE PLACE EVER IN MY BOOK!
5	Very few times have I taken my car to a shop to get exactly the repairs needed to keep it running strong. These guys are awesome and have taken great care of my 240SX and Prelude over the past couple years. Very friendly and caring, and excellent on pricing. They even offer a discount if your car is an import! I recommend this place to everyone for car care. From simple repairs to extraneous labor, they will definitely have you covered.
5	I have been working with Akina for a couple years now.  I have taken my 1997 Civic HX in for numerous fixes that have cost a fraction of the dealer estimates.  Recently I took in my Toyota pickup - I had been told by another shop that the "oil leak" I was seeing in my driveway might be the dreaded head gasket issue.  Akina took a look at the truck for me and thankfully found the issue and it was NOT the head gasket.  Apparently the previous owner of the truck lost the battery tye-down and rigged up some lame strap system.  This caused the battery to shift around eventually coming into contact with the power-steering system and caused the battery to start leaking.  Not only did Akina save me a ton on a needless head gasket repair they also fabricated a secure battery tye-down system and pulled a couple hard to find parts no longer in production out of some donor truck at the scrap yard.  I have had the truck for almost a year and today is the first time I have come out to find it COMPLETELY dry in the driveway.  I am so happy!  Those puddles of mystery fluid were driving me crazy!
5	Porche and his guys were super! Had my sons Scion XB in and out with a new motor  in about a week. Absolutely NO problems. Took the time to explain to me what was needed, and thankfully, what was not. Would recommend them in a heartbeat! Will definitely be bringing our vehicles back here for service! Thanks again!!
