5	This man cured my chronic pain and insomnia.I met Bob last summer when he hired me to do some web design work.  That's when I learned about hypnosis. I thought it was interesting that hypnosis is probably the only profession that can be used as entertainment and as therapy. Pretty amazing how that works--audiences are "curious" about what hypnosis really is and if it's legitimate--unlike a magic stage show where illusion is the story. Both stage hypnosis and one-on-one hypnotherapy work on the same premise--tapping into the subconscious mind. It's real--no illusions.Watching Bob perform on stage as well as one-on-one, I became a believer. I wanted to share my experience with Bob with you. Hypnotherapy has changed my life--my quality of life is better today than it's been in a decade.I first approached Bob for some help relaxing and to sleep better. One session and I was able to relax, turn off my brain and get a good night's sleep. After years of trying medication prescribed by my doctor, without any luck, I was amazed at how one session with Bob changed my life. When I think of the time and money I spent going to my doctor, I wish I had known about hypnosis a long time ago! And no drugs!I was visiting with Bob last week and told him I was going to a chiropractor to see if he could help me with chronic neck pain that I've had for over five years. (And, yes, I've thrown a lot of time and money at this too. MRIs, neurologists, surgeons, pain medication--I've tried everything.) Bob suggested we do hypnosis for the pain. Before he performed the therapy, he cautioned me that the pain would go away, but I still needed to pursue the underlying problem. He felt that hypnosis, coupled with chiropractic care, would be a healthy approach to not only correcting the problem, but having a better quality of life.Ten minutes of hypnotherapy and my neck pain was gone. Gone! I was incredulous! Wow. Much of my sleeping problem was due to the neck pain. I had this hypnosis four days ago and am still pain free. I had my initial visit with the chiropractor and he was so impressed that I had the presence of mind to use hypnosis AND chiropractic. He said not many of his patients use hypnosis because they don't know/understand enough about it. He did say that our mind is the most important tool to help us heal.I can't say enough about hypnosis and Bob. My take is, if you're not making progress with an illness, sleeping and relaxation issues, self-esteem, focusing or whatever is holding you back from living the life you deserve, hypnosis is a wonderful alternative therapy. You'll know in one session whether hypnosis is for you. I recommend Bob without reservation.If you have any issues that have been holding you back, see Bob. Students and athletes use hypnosis to learn to focus. There are many applications for hypnosis--think about it. It may change your life as it has mine.
5	Bob is a both a great hypnotist and entertainer. He came out to a retreat for my sorority and had our entire group laughing hysterically for hours. One of my sisters had a migraine that night and right before my eyes he made it go away with hypnosis. It is really unbelievable what he is able to do! I would highly recommend him to anyone. He is extremely personable and willing to listen to your problems! I plan on using Bob's services again in the near future.
5	I went to Bob recently to be "hypnotized" to help cure me of a nasty smoking habit. I had seen him perform at a large event and was fascinated by the process. First of all, I will admit that I was a bit skeptical.  I wasn't sure if I even could be hypnotized! Bob first asks you several questions to find out your "triggers" and then the session begins.  I have to tell you, I have tried the patch, lozenges, but found this therapy more powerful and effective than anything else I have tried.  After only one session my nicotine cravings are virtually nonexistent!  I would recommend Bob highly to anyone with a smoking or other habit that they are trying to deal with.
