1	We hired firm to cut kitchen table to match existing granite we bought from another company who had gone out of business and stole our remaining granite. Design ideas for kitchen and bathroom by salesman were very creative. Installation guys showed up without support base to install table; husband had to provide support boards. Tile guy no-showed and left for holidays without installing tile in bathroom. We had driven to east side to pick up tile because they said they didn't have time to get it before the holidays. Salesman talked us into buying entire slab which they would store for us until we were readyfor "phase two".  After previous experience, we told him we were concerned about leaving material behind.  He showed us slabs in back all marked with names and assured us that as a local company it was safe.  When we called a few months later the manager told us the salesman didn't work there anymore and he didn't know anything about our remaining granite.  A couple days later they managed to "find" our granite in the back.  The piece was ALOT less than what remained after our table was cut.  They were rude and dismissive to my husband when he went in to find our missing pieces.  Everytime I look at the tile in the bathroom (seams are all uneven) I am reminded that we were taken.  Their sandwich sign declaring a "SALE" is a joke.  It's been there for over a year.  We took the material they claimed was ours and walked away.
1	Had them come out and install granite on a client's kitchen island and they scraped up the tops of the doors of the new cabinets.  When we met with the representative he acted like it was no big deal and asked us if we could fix them and we said no they were responsible.  We decided to give them another opportunity on another job and I spent almost three months communicating with them by phone and in person to coordinate the timing and details of the project.  I called them Friday and left a message that we were bringing in the deposit for the job and I received a voice mail back on Tuesday informing me that they thought the job was too hard and they didn't want to do it.  Now we have to mad scramble to find another fabricator in the middle of the job.  Their biggest problem is they have a young inexperienced kid running their operation.
5	Tintas recently installed granite in our kitchen. We are so happy that we used them! The granite was installed perfectly & fast! The plumber went over & above hooking up the sink, very nice & helpful. Highly recommend Tintas Granite!!
5	We had Tintas Granite install a new bar top.  Great company to do business with.  Their staff is friendly, helpful, professional.  Our granite bar top was installed with great care & workmanship.  It looks beautiful.  We are very pleased.
5	Just finished 2 bathroom remodels (Master Bath and Guest Bath)... LOVE THEM!!!Everyone was great to work with, estimates were more cost-effective than other companies, workmanship was extraordinary. The primary installer was very courteous, conscientious, and meticulous. The quality of work was impeccable...and the care and attention second to none. Every effort possible was made to minimize impact during the remodel and to ensure minimal dust in the house and even in the garage where saws and tools operated. In this house and a previous one, we also have had Tintas Granite & Flooring install granite throughout the homes as well as tear out existing flooring and install new tile, wood, and carpet.We are going to build a new home in the next year or so and will definitely again look to have Bill Tintas and the team at Tintas Granite & Flooring help us upgrade the home.If you are looking for quality service and quality outcome at a reasonable cost...look to Tintas Granite & Flooring.
1	When issue they dont the issue poor customers  service rude employees nickel  and dime you if they get feed up with you it will be a cold day in hell before we use this company
