1	Absolutely one of the worst businesses I have had the misfortune of interacting with.  This company lost one of my items and promised to replace it.  Weeks later and numerous phone calls later, they never did.  Instead, they got angry at me for coming in!Things happen, items get lost, sometimes things go less than smoothly...that's understandable, as long as the company does its best to fix the problem.  Magic Touch did the exact opposite, acted dishonestly, and treated me and my time with utter contempt and complete disrespect.  I would not wish interacting with this company on my worst enemy.
1	This place has zero customer service. They lost my clothes after I confirmed they had them. The owner looked at me and told me there was nothing to do. She is miserable... DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!
5	I gave 5 stars to this place cuz it is consistently done right.  Owner is self motivated and work hard...she is very diligent.  Support small, self motivated, business driven is what I am all About.  Would highly recommend this place!
5	Elfi is one of the nicest, most personable, and hard working people I've met since I moved to Tempe. She runs an awesome business. She's always trying to get to know her customers and help them in any way she can. All my clothes that I think are stained beyond repair have been brought back to life in a matter of days by Elfi.She puts in the hours to produce quality results. Go in and get to know her, she's amazing.From talking to her I've come to learn that the 1 star ratings here are from the people who ran and owned the place previously, but they've become a thorn in her side online.If you've been here lately, you know the service is one of a kind, so write about it to help her out!
5	Got my business suit dry cleaned last week. Came out nice and spotless clean from that terrible food stained I got. Owner was friendly and service is excellent. Will definitely come back with my other suits n ugly xmast sweaters.
5	I have been taking my clothes here ever since Elfi took over as I used to work up the road in S.  Scottsdale.  I started a new job in North Phoenix and moved from Scottsdale to central Phoenix and still made it a point to continue to come here even though it was out of my way. Elfi is the most friendly business  owner I think anyone could meet and she will go out of her way just to make you happy.  I will never stop giving her my business because everything is always done right and I've never been dissatisfied for any reason whatsoever. I highly recommend to anyone looking for a dry cleaner that you can count on time after time. I won't take my things anywhere else but here. Period.
5	Very good service. I needed a shirt laundered for a funeral, of course it was last minute and they went out of their way to get it done for me. Also I was pleased with the quality of the work and the value. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely be going back for my dry cleaning needs.
