2	Arby's!  Always good when you're craving some beef!  No gripes but no props really.  Just writing a review for posterity's sake.  Came here for a bite when we were moving into the new nicer place.  One thing that is awesome sauce is, well, their horseradish sauce. Always keep it, never discontinue it pls tksdmo out
4	Clean restaurant and pleasant staff!
4	After a coworker came back from lunch with a roast beef sandwich on a King's Hawaiian roll from Arby's, I knew I had to go get one!Located on South Blvd, near the Woodlawn intersection, in the same shopping complex as The Home Depot, Firehouse Subs and I think a TJ Maxx(?), the line at 12:50 on a bleh Wednesday was about 5 cars deep.  And of course I got behind the lady who didn't have windows that rolled down so she had to open her door, was placing separate orders for several people and I heard a lot of "ummmmmmmmmm....".  Go inside, fool!  The line did move fairly quickly up until her, so they don't play around at the drive thru here.  I ordered the aforementioned sandwich (LOVE King's Hawaiian rolls - that is a relationship that goes back a long time and it runs deep), mozzarella sticks and a cherry turnover.  The sandwich was quite good - I drown it in Arby's sauce, but there was plenty of meat on a large, soft bun.  The mozzarella sticks reminded me of McD's chicken nuggets for some reason - same kind of hard-ish coating instead of a crumby one, but they were as good as fast food mozz sticks are going to get.  Served with a small cup of marinara sauce, that was more flavorful than what I was expecting.  Cherry turnover was good - standard cherry pie filling in a flaky triangle of fluffy pastry with a drizzle of white icing across it.  The employees are quite friendly.  I go to this Arby's every few months and they are always friendly and get my order correct (with plenty of Arby's sauce). My lunch was just under $9 and it will get me through to quitting time - good job, Arby's!
3	I tried the smokehouse brisket with curly fries and a large drink. The combo price listed on the board and the total amount seemed very far apart. Anyhow the food was out quickly. I went and sat down and began eating. The fries were initially hot but got cold quickly. The sandwich was cold from the get go. It was pretty tasty but it was still cold. The restaurant has a pleasant ambiance inside and it was very clean. The staff was very polite. I will probably eat here again if I have a hankering for fast food.
5	My favorite Arby's I have been going here for years and I never got a bad meal out of this spot and they're always friendly.  I tried the brisket sandwich for the first time and I was pleased with it. They make sure the sweet tea is on the money every time!  A must  spot that I have to hit whenever I am in Charlotte.
5	I was here on 8/19/14 and had the pleasure to meet Keith Dorset who attended the drive through window.  I was quite impressed with his friendly demeanor and joy he displayed at the opportunity to assist with my order.   I must say that I have never been greeted so enthusiastically and with genuine pleasure.  I hope he is still employed here, if not - it would be a shame.   BTW - the food was fabulous as was the Orange Milkshake.  The service was just totally outstanding!  So much so that I contacted their Corporate Office, acknowledged him on Trip Advisor and nominated him for Exceptional Service on Trip Advisor.
