5	Although I lived in University (and so Continental was a 30-50 minute drive, depending on traffic), I took my dog here for three years and would absolutely recommend it. They knew his name after his first visit, and the staff always made us feel welcome when we came, saying that they were excited he was there, etc. We always did playcare durng his boarding (because it's half off if your pet is staying overnight), and although my dog can be a little crabby when I take him to the dog park, he loves the playcare here and gets along well with the other dogs. They recently began giving out report cards at the end of a boarding visit, to let you know how your dog was during his stay, how he did in playcare, whether he ate all his food, etc.I'm not sure exactly where this one star review comes from, but it is absolutely contradicted by my and my dog's experience here.
5	The very best of the best. Dave, Lisa & the most amazing staff take of our dog in weekly daycare. Overnights are a little pricey but I know my pets are well cared for. Love these guys!  I think they are the BEST in Charlotte and would give them 10 stars if it were available. About the price:  Doggie Day Care prices are very reasonable if you buy a package. My dogs don'y overnight anywhere else so I may be presumtious in saying they are over priced. I really can't compare them to anyone else.
5	This place is GREAT!! The staff is wonderful and so professional!! I dropped my puppy off for a play day before work and when we got there all the pools were full and sprinklers we out. I recommend this place to any person that loves their dogs as much as me.
5	Love Continental! Our dog goes to Continental weekly for playcare and is always so excited to go and comes home worn out. The staff is great too!
4	Great doggie day care and great place to board. The only reason for a 4 stay vs a 5 stay is that you are charged for Sunday boarding even with Sunday pick up. Doggie Daycare is the best. My dog goes twice a week and is crazy about fellow dogs and staff. It's owned a a vet and her hubs so you know any situation is a text away !
1	I was passing through Charlotte for work on the way to Asheville to an event that would include my dog, Roscoe. I decided boarding was a better option than a dog friendly hotel for my stay since I would be working. I decided to keep Roscoe at Continental Boarding and Doggie Daycare based on a referral, a check of their Yelp page, their pricing, and their location. I dropped off Roscoe Monday afternoon and everything was as expected. We went over the options for his stay and I did not choose playcare for him since people are what really matter to him. I asked for one VIP session (20 minutes of one on one "very intense play") on Monday, two on Tuesday, and one on Wednesday. I also asked for a bath on Wednesday. The staff was very polite even giving me a card with the name of the owner in case I wanted to check in. They explained that all baths were done in the morning and that he would be ready to go by Noon. I warned them that Roscoe was really funny about his drinking water and gave them a second bowl for him to drink from in addition to the one they provide.I arrived to pick up Roscoe in the late afternoon Wednesday and the total cost was what was quoted initially. I gave him water right away and he drank it with enthusiasm. As we headed outside, I noticed "sleep" in the corner of his eye which I thought odd since he had been bathed that morning. In petting him, I noticed he was still a little damp which was a bit concerning since he has a double coat and I knew he had finished his grooming session quite a few hours ago. Still, I try to keep my expectations reasonable and was not overly concerned.As I went to let him in the car, I noticed he was scratching the very eye that had sleep in the corner of it. I looked more closely and saw that his eye was very, very red. I also saw a LOT of stinky gook lining it. I decided to bring him back inside and ask the staff if anything had been noted. One of the two young women at the reception desk came out and took a look at him. She was very nice and she said that she wouldn't be surprised if he'd gotten some shampoo in there during the bath. She gave me a card of the vet associated with the boarding facility and told me that if it didn't get any better, to please come by when I was back from Asheville. Of course, I live in DC and I'm not even sure if I will be passing through Charlotte on my way home, but I asked for a paper towel, wetted it, wiped his eye, and he seemed okay during his trip to Asheville and once we arrived. One thing I did note, though, was that he had three large bowel movements that night, which made me question how much "very individual play" he got if he was holding all of that in. I woke up at 2:30 in the morning to him scratching again. I took a closer look and it was still very red. I looked at the part underneath his eye and it was a very dark purple and resembled a blood blister. This concerned me greatly, but what could I do at 2:30 in the morning? I looked up vet offices in the area and noted one very nearby that opened at 7:30 AM and set my alarm. It took me over two hours to fall back asleep, and when I did, it was a fitful sleep waking up with worry at any sound that resembled scratching meaning further damage to his eye. In the morning, we went to the vet first thing. They did a dye test which revealed there were no scratches on his actual eye and they sent me away with steroids to give him for the inflammation of the eye and the surrounding area. The total bill was reasonable at a little under $100 (thank goodness). While waiting in the office, I gave the owner a call from the card that had been given to me upon arrival to the boarding facility. I didn't want to bother him on his cell phone at 8AM, but was told that he was not in yet. I left a detailed message with the receptionist and have yet to hear back. It is now 6:42 in the evening. i think a reimbursement for his vet visit and his entire stay is reasonable, should I get the opportunity to express this directly.To summarize, I paid for 2.5 days of boarding, 4 VIP sessions, and a bath. The boarding happened, but I have no idea if the VIP sessions did since his red eye wasn't noticed and he didn't seem to have an opportunity to relieve himself. He is clean and brushed, but he was still damp and had shampoo in his eye resulting in great discomfort and risk to his eye. I have yet to hear back from the owner (or anyone else) since calling at 8AM this Wednesday morning. Looking for a place to board your dog in Charlotte? Considering Continental Boarding and Doggie Daycare? Eek! Methinks not!
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!! Stay Away!One of the things they rave about here is how your pets stay out all day. That's nice but what about the people that don't pay for the all day play?Simply Answered:Your dog will sit in a tiny cement cage for the entire time your away! The kennel reminded me of the amount of space they have at the animal shelter!Do not just let them take tour dog without looking at the kennel! Hot, dirty, smelly and cramped!I wouldn't leave my dog there if they paid me!Look for places that encourage you to drop them off for a free day of play or places that require a meet and greet prior to the day you drop them off. The place I ended up taking my dog asked about 50 questions on an intake form. These people only wanted to know how to feed him!
