3	A place to drink, eat, and play that virtual motorcycle game with three of your closest friends, plus tons of billiard tables.  Just a little north of campus.  It's a large place, so it's a good destination for drinks after work, or other large gatherings - they do events as well.  The sandwiches and burgers are very heavy and caloric.  Beer and wine selection are not huge.
4	Very nice and relaxed off campus bar. They have a huge room with pool tables, darts and of course very big TV's. If you can't make it to a football game or want to watch the Illini basketball team win this is the place to go. The food is pretty good too!
5	Low-key place that's good for drinks or a meal. Half the place is taken up with pool tables, and there is a pretty expansive arcade room with at least 10 different games, as well as TV's everywhere. 1/3 of the building has the bar and restaurant seating - the seating is a 50 foot row of huge booths (good for 8-10 people) across from the equally long bar. Both the booths and bar are deep mahogany, the ceiling is black, and there are only very dim lights over each booth, so it's a rather dark, relaxing atmosphere. Bartender and servers are late-20s age and very charming. None of that rushed, overzealous high school service.My partner and I have gone twice at odd times - 1:45 and 3:30pm - so I think we saw the lunch menu both times, which was basic bar food with a couple extra options. Burgers, chicken and fried fish sandwiches, salads, and some appetizers - all ranging $6-8. However, they do have excellent Chicago style hotdogs, which is actually a (weekly?) lunch special. Also have a white pizza with olive oil, mozzarella, fresh garlic and fresh roma tomatoes that's pretty decent - a soft flavor that accentuates the tomatoes more than anything (personally, I love a strong garlic taste, but this was OK). It's even better with grilled chicken, which, by the way, is not some 1/4 inch thick, pinky-long piece of meat. My grilled chicken sandwich was a good couple inches wide and had no trouble covering their generous-sized buns. That goes for all dishes, actually. Huge portions. The turkey club is a 4-inch stack of turkey, bacon and toast with 4 handfuls of fries; carrot cake is a 4-layer, 1/5 of the cake slab of moist cake layered with cream cheese icing and perfectly roasted pecans, carrots, and coconut (good for 4 people). The white chicken chili is another "extra" offering that is not spicy, but chocked full of beans, chicken and tomatoes served with sour cream and shredded cheese. The beans were almost crunchy, which signaled they were not cooked long enough, but the soup was still unique and served as a good meal starter.Basically, relaxed and charming atmosphere with lots of entertainment options for college students, or perfect ambiance for quiet conversation and an American meal. Tons of food for the money. The parking lot is riddled with deep pot holes, though, and the place itself is tricky to enter from Neil St the first time you try to find it.
4	This place has killer nachos, and usually pretty good servers.  Lots of eye candy abounds.  My usual place to watch sports.  Former Coke bottling plant building in town, tastefully redone.
2	Jillian's offered great football viewing for those of us with allegiances to teams outside the Midwest.  good bar entertainment options, not so great food...or service...or beer/wine selection.  but none of this matters much, as they have CLOSED due to the emergence of downtown Champaign as the nightspot of choice (to paraphrase the News-Gazette article that announced the closure).
