1	They are very unprofessional. If you are looking to rent go with another agency. They called me from cell phones while they are in their office and the reception is very bad there. They told me that the property would be ready on a certain date then they called me back on the day I was suppose to pick up my key that the place was not ready. A week later and my place is still not ready. Now I have to put my stuff in storage until its ready because I have to move from my condo this week. I had a constructing company look at the place they told me that it would take at least two more weeks to fix that place mean while I got Golden River Realty telling me something else to keep me quite while they keep my money.
1	Found a house to rent. Went down to realty office to fill out application and it was a wasted trip.  I walked into the office and 3 people saw me at the counter and no one welcomed me to the office. I had to ask for assistance. Already with a bad taste in my mouth, the front desk man was dressed unprofessional and lacked any information in regards to renting a property.  He insisted that  i sign my application and turn it in without the blanks $ amounts filled in. I refuse to sign an application without knowing all the fees involved.  I asked numerous times to have a sit down with someone in the office to answer all my questions and i was told no. I would have to call the realtor on the phone for any answers.  I am very unhappy with the customer service this business offers to their potential clients and i will not refer any one to this place.
4	I read the reviews and was nervous to rent a house from them. I called our real estate agent and expressed my concerns. We ended up renting a beautiful house in Rhodes Ranch and so far, the experience has been satisfactory. We're receiving the lease today and I'll update this review after we move in in a few weeks. We've dealt with Corina (sp?) and so far she has been attentive and responsive to our questions.
1	If I could give no stars, I would! rented a property from this place and all they did was ignore us! when we rented the place, it was a mess! crayon all over the walls, broken/loose tiles, damaged baseboards. they promised they would fix all of that and put in a new dishwasher, put in new screens, fix the sprinklers, and much more and it never got done!!!  I talked to the lady who runs this place and she have me the runaround also! So surprised that this place is allowed to operate. The people who own the house finally came to their senses and changed property management. I am so happy we do not have to deal with this lousy business. BEWARE!!!
1	I rented with them for about 4 years out of sheer convenience to me.  During that time the staffing changed more than I could count from year to year.  Within the first few months of renting from them I learn to pay my rent online because their office ettiquette was poor.  Smiles, hello's etc...were of low frequency.  It was a challenge getting repairs done mostly due to language barriers.. But even that didn't bother me too much until within the third year experience structural problems with the house/ leaks that costed me greatly.    The structural problems I learn to tolerate for the last 2 years even though they been out photographed the item it was never repaired.  The leak I experienced went on for nearly 6 months cost me unimaginable funds for a water bill.  I moved out with a sour taste in my mouth... I left their property in great condition and still had to threaten  them w/legal action before they gave me back my deposit about 4-5 months later.  They simply asked me why I didn't continue to remind them that they had my money. ...
1	I wish I could give this place negative stars . The most unprofessional , unorganized  property management company I have ever done business with . This place is the definition of slum lord real estate . They will get robbed and charge you back  rent that you already paid . Nobody speaks English and they are just really stupid people . Their entire family works for the company which should tell you how shady this place is . The worst of the bunch is Karen Tam. She is pure evil and shady . She says one thing and will screw you over . She is a terrible business person and expects  the tenant to come out of pocket when things break and will not reimburse you. Don't waste your time unless you like living in a third world country . In all honesty this lady and her company will be reported to the BBB.
4	I like golden river because Karen and the staff are very friendly....I did not have a good experience in the beginning but they seem to stay on top of things as far as all the problems with the rental but it takes a while but it's not there fault it's the warranty companies, I don't like the fact that they have So many different people working there but Karen has a good heart and hires students so they can have extra cash which we know students need they are not perfect and it is kinda unorganized at times but I wouldn't call them slum lords  they worked with me and my credit problems and gave me a chance Karen is a very nice lady
