5	I've only had 1 other colonic at another company, however I can tell you that Las Vegas Colon Hydrotherapy is much better.  Both companies used the same machines, and the process was similar.  However, the customer service was much better at LVCH.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  They massage your feet and stomach during the colonic.  (Some people may prefer to be left alone, and they will if you request) However, I think you benefit from getting the stomach massage.  Although, it feels like torture during the process.  Getting a colonic is not my favorite thing to do, but this place makes the best of an awkward situation.  I also recommend trying the sauna which seems to help if you get it done prior to your colonic.  There are many other treatments that I have yet to try.Also, they have the most flexible hours.
5	This was my first experience with a colon cleanse and it was soooo much better than I had hoped! I have a medical background and was skeptical but I've been doing some research lately and wanted to try. Amazing-walked into clinic which was locked until u ring---I like that.....immediately noticed the aromatherapy and calm environment. They were playing soft praise music in the background and Abby was so welcoming. I felt totally at ease and she talked me through everything. The process was slightly uncomfortable but her hand foot and stomach massage totally helped. The heated table was so comfortable and there was no odor or weirdness - the system is so smooth and silent. The post treatment clean up was so easy, and the probiotic drink and soup were fabulous! I am back 2 days later and had Michelle who was equally awesome-she didn't do a hand massage but she did a very deep and point specific abdominal massage. Both times afterwards I felt amazing and not bloated or crampy and really felt like I had more energy during the day! Just remember to take your probiotics and hydrate! I'm so impressed and will be back to this hidden desert gem of serenity and cleansing! Thanks LVCH!!
5	Yesterday as my 2nd visit to this facility. While the first time was a very positive experience, my own anxiety and not knowing what to expect made me uncomfortable. The girl who met me there, though, was professional and guided me on how everything was to happen. You have complete privacy and dignity for this expererience. I was able to make a same day appt, which was good, bc I was at my wits end and really needed to be "cleaned out" NOW. If you've never had this done and dont know what to expect, it can be a ltitle unnerving at first. The idea of being placed on a comfortable apparatus (let's face it, a giant, reclining "toilet"). And yes, you feel a little uncomfortable bc when you 1st get all set up, you feel like you are going to lose your bowels and don't want to do this with another person in the room. What you don't know is the you won't let out a bunch of gas and make a bunch of noises (which you feel like you will). There is NO ODOR. Once I got started and was told what to do, I opted to do the rest myself and just let the girl come in occasionally to check on me, rub my stomach (not comfortable, but it made a huge difference in the evacuation, esp. when you think you're done and everything has come out after 15 min. - it hasn't! I'm a very small person and I learned that as the warm water slowly filled your system, you had to learn to give a little effort to evacuate. But it felt SO good, esp. after feeling completely blocked up for the last few weeks. Though a positive experience, I wasn't sure I'd go back as I "processed" the whole thing.A few months later, there I was at home again feeling blocked up, bloated, and completely miserable. Foolishly, I bought a Groupon to another place (based on price, but stupidly ignoring the bad reviews i'd read about the obnoxious owner), and then I wasn't able to make an appt. for 4 days! I needed relief now! I called LVCH and they were able to take me within a few hours. Thank god! Michelle greeted me upon my arrival and went through the procedure for me again (it helped this time that I had a frame of reference as to what to expect). I asked her to get me started and how to rub my stomach to release more "stuff" when it seemed I was done (this happens after about 15 minutes - but you're NOT done)! They did this for me the first time, but I prefer to be alone (this was my own hang up, bc they were really professional and good).  Michelle was friendly, professional, and was always available with a call button if I needed her. Her professionalism really helped me feel comfortable and off I was for my 2nd treatment. Both times my treatments took about 45 minutes to fully evacuate. RELIEF! When you leave, they give you a small (yummy) drink and home made veggie soup to help replenish good enzymes and nutrients. It's a little pricey, but nothing compares to the relief you feel. I had already tried EVERTHING at home. Bran cereal, laxatives, enemas - no no avail. While you don't notice weight loss immediately, you will notice it within a few days. I highly encourage getting at least 2-3 more treatments, starting the next day and then a few days apart after that. I hadn't done that the fist time, but I will do this this time. Your intestine is very long and there's still lots of stuff in there to purge that seems to move down your intestine to be ready for the next round.Overall, a clean, professional facility with a great staff (which I welcome). The girls have clearly done this a million times and this helps you to feel comfortable.One last thing, the procedure itself is both comfortable (as much as can be) and uncomfortale when your belly gets pretty big between purging, as it fills with water. But you are in control when to "purge" and release. Oh, as gross as this may sound, you actually get to watch evertying go down a clear tube to witness the junk leaving your system. You'll be surprised - and you'll feel so much better! Overall, highly rexcommended, and while I'm on a budget, I will save my money so that I can afford this positive procedure. It's hard to believe, but my the 3rd time, I'm sure I'll feel like an old pro! Getting ready to schedule my next appt. now! Dont' shop around - go to this facility first (it'll be your last). Groupons are occcasionally avail, so check that out before booking. Still, even without the Groupon, from what I've read about other faciliites, it's worth the relatively small price you pay for this experience!
3	After starting to eat less animal, I have read a lot of articles about the benefits of colonic cleansing and thought that I would give LVCH a try. I wasn't too thrilled about the seedy location.There is another location at the SW side of town that I will try next time. The numerous religious artifacts, posters, and books throughout the place made me feel a bit awkward. Not sure about mixing religion with this type of business. I felt more like I was at someones house, rather than at place that deals with peoples poop. It was my first time getting a cleanse and I let the owner and the tech very much aware of this but I didn't get any sort of description of what was going to happen during the session. It was just: fill out the form, get undressed, hop up on table, stick the tube in, lay here, hold the water in until you can't hold it, let loose, repeat the process...Luckily I read up on colonic cleansing before I went in. I was rather nervous because of the unexpected and the embarrassment of the process. I declined the offer to have my feet massaged, I wanted to be left alone. I would say that the procedure is good for the body especially with how most of us eat. I would compare it to getting the car oil changed. I felt a bit weak after the session only because I had worked myself up with the idea of the procedure. The next day my bum is a little sore but other than that. I would equate the feeling afterwards like an intense massage... a bit tired but in a good way. I just went home and relaxed. It was a full 24 hours before I had my next BM. They recommend frequent trips to get cleansed. I am definitely planning on another session- maybe a few times a year. I would bring headphones to try and take your mind off the session.
5	I never thought I'd be writing a review about poo... Yes, I definitely meant to rhyme that. Since it was my first colonic, I was pretty nervous. I had done a bunch of research and figured if other people could handle it, so could I.  However, as someone who is not even comfortable leaving the bathroom door open when going number one, this was a big deal. Just like the other reviewers stated, the environment is very welcoming and feels like a kitchy and homeopathic spa. There are knick knacks and lots of religious paraphernalia, but don't let that bother you, they are professionals. If you can, request Toni.  She. Is. Incredible.  I never thought I'd be so excited to talk poo with someone...but I absolutely look forward to seeing Toni.  While you're taking care of business (pun intended), she makes you feel super comfortable - we chat about whatever and sometimes we don't talk much, but it's never awkward.  She will also compliment you on your "release" and make you really proud of yourself while you're in there!  Yes...I really said that.  Honestly, I thought I was going to get a gold star after my first appointment!! She also gives the BEST tummy massages.  I've seen three different technicians now and while they are all good - and I have NOTHING negative to say about the others - Toni is my fave!  If I've got to have someone massaging the shame of late night pizza out of my colon, I want it to be her! If you're new to colonics, try it.  You will NOT regret it.  I felt AMAZING after my first and then got the pack of 6 to do the full 4 week cleanse.  After that, I'll continue to get them for maintenance and because as an added bonus - your stomach will never look as flat as the day after you have a colonic!
5	Abby made this definitely-awkward first time experience very comfortable by explaining everything and thoroughly while also allowing privacy when desired. I've recommended to friends and they've all enjoyed their experiences here and well. Can't beat that veggie soup after each appointment either. The price is quite reasonable for the quality, length of time, and care you will receive. Highly recommend.
4	The facilities aren't fancy, but they are clean and functional.  The staff members are sensitive, considerate,and  knowledgeable.  There are a lot of services here to assist in detoxification, and plenty of care and support from the staff.  Highly recommend!!!
