4	In my opinion the Visualite has the best shows in Charlotte.  This place isn't large but they consistenly book solid acts.  The inside is dark with a large wooden bar and there is tons of seating considering it is such a small space- there is open space in front of the stage for dancing, etc.  Look for shows like STS9 or Robert Randolph, plus a good number of other jam bands, bluegrass,  and reggae acts.  Don't miss it when they show Panther's games during the playoffs.
5	Love this place. Very 1920's cinema feel to it.  Not row seating, but cinema seating.  Think Vegas lounge lizards...with an area for front row standups about 6 people deep. Be sure to check out "The Noises 10" here. A great local band that seems to place here 6-8 times a year.
5	I have been to the Visulite Theatre once to see the John Scofield Band.  I was not sure what to expect especially since I went by myself.   It was  a very enjoyable experience.  I ended sitting by the railing above the standing area in front of the band.  John Scofield is great and the jam band he tours with is fun to watch.  I always meant to go back but it never happened.
5	If I could see a show at the Visulite Theater every time I come to Charlotte I would. I'm not sure how long the theater has been around - but I grew up here in Charlotte and never knew about it until about two years ago, when I went and saw the North Mississippi Allstars - awesome show. I'm home for  the holidays right now and I just saw  Acoustic Syndicate, also a great show! Fantastic sound and a huge - and very accessable - bar. No smoking (or at least the night I was there), but there's a back area when smokers can go. Overall a really cool spot, I'm so happy that Charlotte's got a good music venue- woo hoo!
3	Visulite reminds me of the House of Blues in Chicago.  If you're not in the pit or the first row of seating, you can hardly see anything.  Otherwise it's a cozy little theater and the bartenders are only slow because of the size of the crowd.  They definitely work hard.
3	I agree it's an intimate spot for seeing a show and that it's pretty unique for this area.  However, I was a guest of a Spinal Tap tribute band (awesome!!!  I did the make-up for them) performing there recently  for a local music rag, and one of the regular guys who works there was surly and nasty.  He can be easily spotted in his cut-off Levi's, T-shirt and long, grey stringy geezer mullet.  I will attend more shows there, but I will avoid this senior citizen at all costs.  He was as awful to the guests as he was the bands and remember, all the bands played for FREE.
5	I get warm fuzzies just thinking about the Visulite.  It's cool, laid-back, and almost feels like you have stepped into a time warp....like some sort of dimly lit lounge from the '50's.  The first place I ever saw a concert in Charlotte and I was hooked.  The prices are standard bar, slightly overpriced with teeny tiny cups for mixed drinks.  But, if the band you are seeing rocks, then it's all good.  Sounds quality is excellent and can be LOUD!!!
5	Best venue in town to see a show.  Over the years, I've seen Galactic, Medeski Martin & Wood, Soulive, Victor Wooten, and many others.  Can get a bit tight, but that's the price you have to pay to see live music in Charlotte.
4	I've only been here for a Carolina - Dook basketball game, so I can't comment on the concert scene. And as for the basketball viewing, I was really impressed.Every year for the last Carolina - Dook basketball game of the year, the Carolina Alumni holds the event at the Visulite. And don't worry, you don't have to be an alum, just a fan. On stage, they have a huge projection screen that shows the game & they play the game audio through the speakers. Not only is the place crammed with Carolina folks cheering away, they actually sell real Blue Cups from He's Not Here. For those of you who know what I'm talking about, you'll be freaking thrilled to get one where you least expected it.One bit of advice though is to get there really early to wait in line. The gates open a good bit before the game, but people will be waiting in line to get the best seats. Your viewing can be hampered if you get there late, so just get there early.The Visulite gives you a unique experience for watching the game, one you wouldn't think possible in the city of Charlotte. So get there early & remember to bring your cash for the Blue Cups!
4	I went to Femme Fest at the Visulite and saw some great female performers. I really like the Visulite - with its cool but cozy interior. The only downside is that the floor is pretty tiny. I've stayed on the level just above the floor every time I've been there and ended up sitting at a table (and I'm normally a stand-right-by-the-stage concert-goer).I've also been impressed with the service at the bar each time I've gone. I guess I just expect to wait forever for a drink, but I've always had fast, attentive bartenders at the Visulite. Definitely check out a show there.
5	I need to come here again soon, it is a really dark, tight atmosphere where you can get up close and personal with the acts.  The employees are very into the music as well, which is always a plus.  I hate going to really mainstream venues where the security and bartenders just blankly stare at the guests.  These guys are nodding along to the tunes and thoroughly feeling the grooves.  Someone told me that this place used to be a porn studio back in the 70's, this may be one of those city myths, but it looks like it could have been.  It would be pretty rock and roll if that were the case.  Anyways, I am a huge fan of the Visulite.
4	I had heard about this place before but never really saw it or anything because it's a little bit off the beaten path. It took me having dinner next door at Carpe Diem the other night to get me to stumble in and have a look around. Despite the annoyance of a ten dollar cover, this place is pretty cool. It's not the biggest place ever, so the whole "Music Hall" thing makes it seem a lot bigger than it is. But it's a cool place: dark and with a sorta historical feel. There's a giant bar in the back and a stage area in the front, in front of which is a pit area where you can dance around in front of whatever band is performing; around this pit are bar stools and tables where you can sit and drink while watching. I stood in this area, away from the drunken masses in front of me, and enjoyed the show. The stage allows for a lot of people, and whatever band was playing took advantage: there was like 15 musicians/singers on stage at all times, all in costume, all screaming whichever 80s song they were covering. It wasn't the best music ever, but it was loud, fast and fun, and everyone was having a good, drunken time. Definitely  a fun place to party. That much is obvious.
4	Saw Tenn Out of Ten at the Muse and then at the Visulite Theatre the second time through Charlotte i'll have to say they were both nice venues, Visulite wasn't as quaint, but the barkeep was friendly and the music sounded good after a brief mic squelching. i would definitely like to see another show here.
4	This is a superb club to see and hear music. I think it was an art deco movie theater originally, and acoustically, it's as good as it gets. Unless they are really packed, it's really comfortable and the band is always in good view. The club is managed well and typically has a good show listing. Bartenders could be better, but they get the job done.
4	I went to see Abbey Road Live - Beatles Cover Band at the Visulite last night and I have to say it's a great place to take in a show.  For some reason it's not THAT smoky compared to other places in Charlotte but nevertheless I hope one day it will be non smoking.  They have the bar at the top in the back when you walk in and then there is a small set of stairs where there is a mid level with chairs and stools, then there is a ramp that goes down to a pit area that runs up to the stage.  The setup allows for great acoustics and an intimate feel when watching any performance.The staff is pretty nice and THEY DO take credit cards (well at least VISA) contrary to popular belief.Abbey Road Live was again amazing and I enjoyed the venue.Cheers
4	The Visulite consistently ranks in my "Top 3 Venues to See Live Music" category.   The bar staff is efficient and drink prices are reasonable.  The variety of shows booked hear ensure that there's something for everyone to enjoy.
4	I saw a Colour Academy and Public Radio concert at Visulite. It is a sweet spot with a tables and chairs option or a pit in front of the stage to stand or dance in. Wide selection of beers and other drinks for a decent price. My only complaint at Visulite was the smoke. I'm not a smoker myself and I hate leaving places smelling like stale cigarettes.
5	I've been going to the Visulite since it opened.  It's my favorite live music venue in Charlotte.  So many great bands have hit this stage.  Most of the staff have worked here since the beginning.  Great atmosphere.  Many wonderful memories!
5	Cool spot, great music
4	Great place to see a band.  Just wish it was closer to my side of town.
2	Has the potential for a sweet, intimate venue.  However, when I went the crowd was very disrespectful, so much so that the artist requested that people stop talking.  I couldn't hear the music due to all the people noise, so I will not go here again for someone I'm really into.
2	I've been hitting different venues around Charlotte for years listening to live music...including Visulite Theatre.  It's a favorite pastime of mine.  Last night we went to check out Shooter Jennings (who is awesome by the way).  When I got there I asked one of the bartenders for a couple of waters.  He had immediate attitude b/c I wanted water and then charged $3 per bottle.  Later, I went to the other bartender for another water.  Hmmm, he charged me only $2.  Being a local Charlottean who supports a lot of local music, that left a very bad taste...As far as the venue, it's got a lot of potential but it needs some sound system updates.  If you are up close in the pit, you can see great, but the sound is muffled b/c the speakers are actually over your head.  Definitely prefer Double Door and Neighborhood Theater to hear music....
4	First-time at the Visulite last night to see a local band my husband knew.  Though we've been in CLT for a good six months, we'd never been over to the Visulite, simply because they hadn't had any shows that were of great interest to us.I was impressed with the space, though.  I'm not a die-hard show goer and am a little soft with respect to the standing and waiting and listening and head bopping... I vastly prefer venues with ample casual seating and enough atmosphere to entertain me when I get distracted from listening to a less-than-average opener.  Visulite has enough tables, counters, benches, and stools to provide lots of seating opportunities.It's a snazzy-looking venue, for sure, and we were able to watch a couple bands without having to stand on our tip-toes and press against the crowd.  All in all, a good time.
4	This is my favorite larger (700 capacity) Charlotte venue... the sound can be iffy, but that can often be attributed to the sound guys who come with the bands. The setting is cool, a large space with an intimate vibe that offers a variety of standing/seating options and multiple levels - you can check out the act from various spots in the room until you find your favorite. Drinks are reasonable, though nothing special (and I have often ended up with a withered lime slice perched on the edge of my plastic cup). I can't really assess the beer selection since I always go with liquor drinks at the Visulite, but it seems like they have several drafts and lots of bottles that include microbrews. One thing I tend to take for granted but which I must commend - there are so many stalls in the women's bathroom that I've never had to wait in a line no matter how crowded the venue... a rarity at live shows! Back to the music - there are always a good variety of artists/bands playing the Visulite during a given month, tending toward AAA, jam-bands and Americana acts - but they're always willing to mix it up a bit with other genres as long as the music is solid. Also they're supportive of good local acts (offering them opening spots, showcases and shows of their own from time to time).
4	I came her with some friends to see the band SOJA. this is one of my favorite venues to see a live show anywhere! The inside has multiple levels and there is not a bad place anywhere - standing room only unless you get there early enough to grab one of the few bar tables and stools. The bar is large and can handle many people wanting drinks at one time. You get the feeling that you are on top of the bands when they are playing - a great intimate experience and makes you feel like they are playing at your house. Tip the bartenders well and they remember your drink orders, so by the time I bellied up about the 3rd or 4th time - my drinks were placed in front of me in what seemed like 10 seconds or less! The free self serve water next to the bar is a nice touch too. The bathrooms are large and nicely located. I have been to many shows here - thanks to the Visualite for getting this small place right!
5	I'll keep it short: Awesome atmosphere, inexpensive drinks, cheap tickets to see great live music. All around a cool venue and a great time. I can't wait to go back!
4	This is by far one of my favorite live music venues in the Queen City.What I love most is you can sit or stand and see the entire stage even being short like myself.  The drinks are priced right and the service is friendly.
4	This is a great music venue!It's compact but it got everything you could want.... There is a bar in the back with cheap drinks and speedy service and it's elevated so you can see the band and hear the music the whole time you are getting your pops. A railed walk way that leads right down to the front right in  front of the stage, where there is plenty of dance space. There are large bathrooms with ample stalls, so there's no wait time. And for those that do need to sit for a breather seating both in the bar area and general admission seating area. It's doesn't seem like there is a bad spot in the whole place and the sound quality is great! It's a win- win for all!
4	All be it a small venue, The Visulite is quite a nice place to catch a show. The have good beer prices, especially for a music venue. They also have decent bathrooms and plenty of room at the bar.The stage is a little small but on par for the venue. It has a pretty cool design and good lighting. The seating is not that abundant, however there is plenty of standing room, especially right next to the stage.I have seen quite a few great shows here and I would say it's an all around fun time, each time. Also if you're early for a show, go get some good tequila and the 1900 restaurant down the block.
1	I was at the Visulite Saturday night and it was a terrible experience. I bought tickets online 2 days prior to the show. It was listed as a headliner and that the doors opened at 8pm with 2 opening acts. We got there right on time and were denied entrance. Jam Base had listed it as one show and when I bought tickets on the Visulite website it was for 1 show. We were aggressively all told that we would have to pay for the first person on stage or we would have to come back later. What? Then we were told, "it was made very clear on the website" at which point the guy whipped out his clip board and showed us some piece of paper and was like, "don't make me pull up the website." If it was made so clear... why were we having this discussion? To say the least, the guy taking/selling tickets was a jerk and the door guy was a total bully. He not only told said, "are you talking about MY ticket guy in there? you better watch yourself or you won't be coming back!" Really? First of all, I'm a hard working polite female that does not deserve to be bullied around by some oaf that thinks HIS job is that important to keep squirrely little girls like me out of there. What am i going to do? kick him in the shins? tell him he's a meanie? there are better ways to handle a situation. Second, I was not talking back to this guy or arguing. I was trying to figure out why on earth I would have to buy separate tickets for 1 nights worth of music at the same venue. We ended up going to Crown Station (which is an awesome spot with very nice people) and headed back in time for the show. Again, the door guy was a bully saying, "looks like you came back for a 2nd try, huh? you better watch yourself this time." To say the least, I asked the bartender to speak to a manager and apparently there was not one there on this particular evening. I have to say, the bartender was extremely nice and apologized about 3 times over. This used to be my FAVORITE venue in Charlotte to see music, but after this terrible experience, I will not be returning. I remain very upset about this situation and can't imagine the band would be very happy knowing their fans are being bullied and talked down to at the front door. As for the sound... once we finally made it in, it was extremely loud and impossible to hear any words that the guys were actually singing. Super bummed about the whole evening... but would also be very willing to talk to a manager...
4	Over the past few years this has been a big favorite of mine to see a variety of different shows.  The range of different artists makes for a great evening whether it be a random Tuesday night or a weekend.  The feel of the place is great and they have good drink prices.  I'll continue to frequent
4	I have been to the Visualite many times. The venue is small with a nice setup for those that want to stand up close and for others who want to relax at the high top tables.  They have a pretty decent beer selection. The stage looks almost dreamy with a painted design framing the artist. Even though the venue is small the stage has enough room for a decent size band.
5	As far as live music venues go in Charlotte, this is my favorite and I've been to pretty much all of them.  It's not a big venue, but they get some decent acts for my music taste (Jam/Funk/Electronica).Cover charges are usually around $10-15, extremely cheap (Obviously also depends on the artist....).  They also have both beer and liquor.  It's nice to have the option, some nights I just want to let it all out.  The beer selection is good as they have about 10-12 taps with local NC brews and the likes of Magic Hat, Sweetwater, New Belgium, etc.  They also have a good bottle selection for the stuff that's a little more rare.  Drinks are normal, reasonable prices.As far as the music/layout is concerned, there really isn't a bad spot in the place.  It's multi-tiered, so lots of areas with a good view.  The bar/entrance is at the top, then it drops down to an open area with the sound board and cocktail tables (it's nice to have the option to sit and enjoy the music), and then drops down again to a pit area that's standing room only in front of the stage.  The stage is the height of the 2nd level with the cocktail tables, so that's usually where I'm at, but people are always getting down in the pit.  All in all, the layout of the place is why I like it so much.  The sound is great too.  You can't have a great music venue without great acoustics!  I always look forward to a show here.
4	One of the least likely places to fine a good venue in Charlotte would be in Elizabeth, but I'm happy to find the Visulite here every time I head in for a show. Not your most suspect area for a theatre/venue, but it's pretty cool to see the awning and lights over the entryway. The interior is pretty dark and laden with red drapes. There is a bi-directional hall that you can walk to get to the stage/bar from, but it's kind of hard to tell where you're headed upon first visit. I do like the bar on the separate level and the amount of seating around the bar. There really isn't a bad seat in the house as the sound carries fairly well throughout. The stage is pretty small, but has been good for all types of shows. I've seen rock shows, punk rock, singer-songwriters, and even a few church services at this venue. All have been A-Ok in reference to sound. My only gripe would be the parking situation. It's always a little iffy with all of the restaurants and hospital that close. There are signs that notify towing will ensue and yadda yadda, but it's never always very clear. There is parking along the street, but the spaces are snagged like loose gold. All in all, I'm glad this venue is in Charlotte/Elizabeth. Not the best in town, but there are always some good shows to be seen throughout the months. Cheers!
4	I had to chance to go to Visulite recently to see a performance by Toubab Krew and John Brown's Body........Let me begin by saying that both bands were spectacular and brought exciting, make-you-wanna-dance grooves to Visulite.As others have stated, the drinks, especially beers are CHEAP.  There's no need to spend over $3 per beer.  They have all the major brands in bottles and cans plus a few select beers on tap.What struck me most about the the actual venue itself is the unique set-up of the stage in relation to the audience.  There is a really cool section of seats about 30 feet back from the stage - this is where I sat. I was able to post up in a chair, with my beer and mobile-device on the ledge and take in the show in comfort.  If you were not lucky enough to get a seat on the rail, there was seating at round, high-top tables a few feet behind and of course plenty standing room directly in front of the stage. There is plenty of FREE parking in the lot just across the street from Visulite.  You are doing something wrong if you find yourself having to pay for parking.  Over all, Visulite is very cool venue, with a chill crowd and atmosphere that make this more than a worthy venue for any live show or concert.
4	Great small venue! I went here to see Holy Ghost Tent Revival and Brave Baby awhile back. This was my first trip to the Visulite and I loved it. The setup of the stage is unique. There is seating several feet back from the stage on an incline then a space right in front of the stage below the seating, separated by a rail. In other words, there isn't a bad seat in the house. Drinks are reasonably priced. And free parking right across the street.
5	Visulite is one of the best venues I've ever been to. It's small and the floor space is staggered so there really isn't a bad view. They don't jack up the prices of their booze like most places. I don't think I've ever payed 3 bucks for a beer a concert. If you're going to see one of your favorite bands get there early. They have great seating at each level so you can sit comfortably about 30 feet from the stage if you're there early.
5	Visulite is one of my favorite venues for live music in the QC!  It is a small venue, which really allows for a different type of experience from a larger place like, say, the Fillmore.  There isn't a bad place to sit or stand in there, and if there is then I certainly haven't had the misfortune of ending up there yet.  There is a full bar right up in the thick of it so you can keep the party going without having to leave the music.  And as for the music, this place does a really good job of getting a wide variety of bands rather than focusing on one genre or another.  Lots of local acts too, which are great to support.If you plan on trying to get a seat for a show rather than standing, get there early!  There are several high top tables around the place that have great views of the stage but they are obviously first come first serve.  When those doors open and the people start flooding in, those tables go fast.
5	Loved this place, very mellow, the DJ was playing the right music, because I was there for a concert, and the drinks were very good, had a Long Island ice tea, and it had the right amount of liquor... If another fave artist of mine comes there to perform, I would go back.
4	Such an under appreciated venue in Charlotte. I would rather see a show here than that crap pavilion in University any day- what's its name now??? I have seen several shoes here over the years and it's a great place to get a drink, table and vibe to some good local and traveling acts. The sound system is nice and the clientele aren't usually annoying even if they've been drinking. The bathroom is sub par but it is a nighttime venue..
4	Everytime I go here for a concert I appreciate it more and more. This is one of THE best venues for live music. Great, relaxed vibe, everyone watching is cool, beer is cheap, parking is easy & FREE. The acoustics are fantastic! I have been to 6-7 shows in the last 4-5 months there and I am never disappointed. The ONLY complaint I have is this: the bar tab closeout takes waaaay too long. The bartenders hand write your tab? They have to get a more modernized tab computer set up. Also, there is one male bartender (the older guy), who is not very nice. Grumpy, no smile, seems bothered when you order drinks! And he is like that EVERY time I have gone! Not a "bad night", but ALWAYS like that!
5	Hail to The Visualite!  It is one of the best live entertainment venues in Charlotte.  Charming old theatre, featuring a small stage crowned with wings at the top and gathered drapes as a background.  Will, who does the checking in, has a gentle, laid back demeanor and "good to see you" personality.  The bartenders are on the ready to assist you with making your favorite drink.  The Visualite features many interesting bands, and I think that they even have church on Sunday!  It is also one of the only entertainment venues that provides ample seating without an extra whack to your wallet.Visualite, don't change a thing.
4	Cool venue.  If you love live music then this place is for you.  Strange bands but cool seating if you arrive early.
4	I really like The Visulite. It's larger than I expected it to be from the outside but it still had an intimate feel to it. Went to see Brave Baby play here last winter and they put on a great show - check 'em out if they're playing near you. The acoustics in here are fantastic, the venue is clean and kept up well and the bartender was friendly & fast. Bathrooms weren't spotless but you'll ever find a music venue where that is the case. I don't know if the prices have gone up since but the bar was selling 12 oz cans of Blue Ribbon for $1.50 which was, of course, an added bonus.
