5	Paradise Pet hospital is a great facility. It is clean, modern, offers a variety of services, has excellent staff and great pricing. My cat was neutered here and the staff went the extra mile to ensure he was shaved evenly so he would look great (I had given him a terrible haircut at home).Front office staff is friendly, courteous and efficient.   In addition, Dr. Gockerman was very thorough during Baci's exam and patient with all of my questions and concerns. After surgery, she followed up with a thorough explanation of what was done and how the surgery went. Dr. Gockerman also explained the aftercare and I was given a mini kitty bag with Baci's medication and instructions as well! Thank you Dr. Gockerman, Jody and Tiffany!In sum, this is a great place to bring your pets so do it!
5	I bought a standard poodle from Craigslist because she was much cheaper than buying from a breeder.  She was a Christmas gift for our daughter. (Plus I always wanted a standard poodle).  Shortly after picking her up from a park.  (RED FLAGS ALL OVER- which I ignored)- she got sick.  I took her to Paradise Pet Hospital and she was diagnosed with Parvo.  Dr. Maressa Gockerman and Dr. D went above and beyond.  I was ready to give up.  And it was NOT about the money.  They didn't want to put her to sleep because he thought she may pull through- and she did.  (he worked with me financially)  I learned a VERY expensive lesson about purchasing dogs from irresponsible "backyard breeders", but I also learned that there are vets out there that really care!
5	We have taken our cats to see Dr. Gockerman at Paradise Pet Hospital since we got them in March 2011. She is always professional and loves animals. The staff at Paradise Pet Hospital is friendly and helpful. Dr. Gockerman has given our cats loving, attentive care and gave us great advice on socializing our shy kitten. We continue to appreciate the quality of service at Paradise Pet Hospital.
5	I knew that as soon as I walked into Paradise Pet Hospital, I was in good hands. The facility is very clean and welcoming, very unlike any other pet hospital I have ever been to.I called on short notice because my dog became ill with bloody diarrhea and vomiting. I worried that it might be Parvovirus, so I called and asked if I could bring her in at that minute to be seen. The receptionist set me up for an appointment within 30 minutes after I had called. I wasn't expecting that. After filling out my paperwork, I was promptly given a room and barely had to wait to get service. Everything was quick and easy. Turns out my dog had colitis. Doctor Gockerman explained everything to me clearly and at the end of my visit explained in detail how to treat my dog. She is very nice and professional. You can tell she loves what she does.I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends and will be taking my dog back to get spayed.
5	I wish I could award 10 stars to Paradise Pet Hospital. We have been bringing our pets here since 2002, when we were broke college students attending UNLV. Since moving farther away from the hospital, we have tried vets closer to home, but always ending coming back. I now don't give a second thought to driving the extra distance just to come here. My family and friends also drive across town to bring their pets here as well. My dog and cats have had many ailments over the years, and through them all, Dr. Gockerman and Dr. Dolginoff have proven to be extremely thorough, compassionate, personable, and affordable.  They are true problem solvers and will consult with colleagues across the country to try to diagnose your pet, as was the case with our poodle mix. I can't speak highly enough about them and I'm so glad to have them as a trusted source of medical care for my pets.
5	Our family has been going to this veterinary clinic for over 30 years.  Wonderful staff, clean and caring.  We love Dr. Dolginoff and recommend him for your pets needs.And as a side note, they have been in business for years, not all the years at this location. So for people who feel the need to correct my information, please don't. Thanks.
2	The positives: Clean, new facility. Initially professional. Convenient because it's close to home. The cons: Joy the receptionist is very rude. The prices for grooming a little high. 1st time I did groom there there was an added hefty expense for sedating a toy poodle for grooming. 2nd time (My established groomer moved so, I used them again) her tips of her ears bled as she arrived home. She still had fuzz all over. I don't think they bathe them after. That's the grooming aspect. The vet aspect from a while back. (I didn't want to review that but this just threw me over the edge). I spent $1400 treating her for what they said was skin allergies. I spent 300 at a 2nd vet's office. I ended at a 3rd vet's office and he took a look knew what it was and told me he could not treat her but was kind enough to recommend a pet dermatologist. The 3rd vet did not charge me a cent and knew what it was. Needless to say he is now my current vet.
5	The place its really cleanan spacious. They hav hight tech equipment and staff are promt, professinal n friendly.
5	I visit my parents in Vegas several times a year and always board my dog at Paradise Pet Hospital. Their facilities are spotless, bright and gorgeous. The staff are always courteous and kind to my dog, and he never seems stressed out when I come to pick him up. Their pricing is extremely reasonable and I've always been happy with their services. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone with a pet in the Vegas area.
5	Love Dr. D and his staff. My dog Kaylee went in for dental cleaning on Thursday September 4th, 2014. They discovered a lump in her mouth and offered to remove it. They said they could save me money by doing it while she was under for the teeth cleaning. They also had a special for dental cleaning since the month of September is dental care month for animals. So already he was saving me money, which many businesses try to do the opposite. When we got home with Kaylee, we also noticed that he didn't just clean her teeth and remove the lump, he trimmed her nails, brushed her out, gave us a goodie bag with treats, medicine, and more. However most impressive was the phone call the next morning. Dr. D called the next day to inquire how Kaylee was. I absolutely love Paradise Pet Hospital and rave about them to anyone who will listen.
5	Dr. Mark Dolginoff and the staff at Paradise Pet Hospital are awesome! We really liked the doctor's personality and the staff's professionalism.Travel with a dog to other countries that have a stricter regulation like Japan can be a challenge, and many vets just refuse to give a health certificate for that purpose - because not only the paperwork is a hassle but they don't want to assume the liability when something goes wrong.That just happened to us. Since Dr. Christina Allala left Siena Animal Hospital, we totally got lost at the subject. We visited many vets with 4 to 5 stars found here on Yelp, to no avail.We are no amateur - we've done this many times when we lived in California. We know exactly what we need to do, and usually "instruct" a vet. But even so, all vets we saw in Vegas just simply said they couldn't do it and would tell us another name who "might" do it - until we found Paradise Pet Hospital.We've just gotten this done today: had health check, filled out forms, wrote a check amount of $121 to USDA (btw it's been constantly raised- it was like $24 in 2006), then packaged everything with rabies vaccination certificate, FAVN report (rabies titer), a return envelope and sent to the USDA APHIS office in Sacramento, CA.We're supposed to receive back everything certified by USDA in 48 hours, so it's a bit too early to write this review, but I wanted to share our happy experience with the doctor and staff here.
5	I love the care my pets receive from both Dr. Dolginoff and Dr. Larimer.  I never have any doubts when taking my pets here.  I have been going here for over ten years, they have cared for my senior kitties and my new kittens.  So compassionate and knowledgable, I HIGHLY recommend taking your pets here, you will not leave disappointed. When I leave I know exactly what is going on with my pets.  They explain everything and take the time to answer your questions.  The entire staff makes you feel welcome.  Everyone is great and the care is even better.
5	I have taken several pets to this location over many years, always nice and friendly service, never a problem.
5	Hands-down the best veterinary clinic in Las Vegas. No matter where we have lived in the valley we continue to go to this location because of their extensive knowledge and friendly staff. We have two small breed dogs and a cat. They have all spend time here for medical reasons and for boarding. Our dogs absolutely love the staff here. One great thing about boarding is that even when the business is closed they still have staff taking care of the animals. One of our dogs was losing its eyesight and thanks to our veterinarian who recommended an eye specialist she now has her vision restored. Couldn't be happier
