4	I first saw these guys when they made a pitch to the wealthy entrepreneurs of the ABC TV show "Shark Tank" last year. While they didn't connect with any of the investors, they seem to have done well enough for themselves to bring a truck to Las Vegas.I ran across Baby's Badass Burgers at the Sunset Park'd food truck festival. Having been kinda-sorta promised Fukuburger and not finding them present, I figured these guys would do for a burger alternative.I went for the simple Original Beauty ($8), a half-pound burger on a King's Hawaiian roll with melted Swiss cheese, grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, and some sort of special sauce. I actually got $1 off that price by following them on Twitter, and I just noticed that it's listed at $9 on their web site. Not sure if they cut prices overall or decided to have a special for this event, but I felt like I got a decent deal.The burger itself seemed just a little bit larger than a Fukuburger offering (if that helps at all). It was pretty hot, and the ingredients all complemented the meaty burger. Ironically, the bright pink truck didn't have much going in the way of pink meat. I just thought it was good, and it should have made a better impression on me as my first food of the day in a pretty hungry stomach.The fourth star on this rating is because I don't wanna be a jerk toward a new business and because the $2 "Pig Tails" (curly fries) looked like a sizable and tasty portion on other people's orders. If I hadn't been saving room to try other food trucks at the event, then I would have gotten it for sure. I'd be interested in trying another burger and getting those fries next time.
5	It's always nice to see a new truck at food events and you can't miss Baby's Badass Burgers. Their hot pink truck can be spotted from a distance and unlike some trucks rptbat are not all done up, you know what your getting when you walk up to the truck..A Badass Burger! - at sunset park' dis where I first tried this truck. I let my wife choose and we shared the She's Smokin! A perfectly cooked 1/2 pound burger with smoked cheddar, BBQ sauce, crispy onions and bacon. The burger was medium and nicely seasoned. The cheddar was had that smoke taste and was smothered with the BBQ sauce with some crispy onions and a nice amount of bacon. The Kings Hawaiin roll definitely kicked this burger up a notch, they are one of the best rolls IMO. - They have "Burger Babes" taking your order and helping on the truck. I got my food in a timely manner. It was a bit of a rush of customers so I did have to wait but nothing out of the ordinary for made to order burgers. They have many options including different fries. I was at a food fest and didn't want to eat at one truck so I will have to come back and try more burgers and fries. And I Will Be Back!
3	I got a mamacita burger, pepper jack, avocado, jalepenos, and the normal salad stuff.  The burger was over done for me but I eat a seared burger.  Other than that it was a good burger nothing I would run after to get but some of the other burgers might be better.  If I see them again Ill give them a shot.  The chili cheese fries are lacking the cheese is over whelmed by the chili and it just wasn't that great not bad but not great.  IDK im on the fence on this truck.
