5	great gym to go to and they are open 24 hours
5	Just joined this gym in the past few months.  Wow--where has this gym and its 24 hour private access concept been all my life? I work hard, travel for work even more--in a word, I'm not necessarily going to the gym when everyone else does.Anytime Fitness is open 24 hours a day for anyone like me.  As a member you get a FOB card which lets you into the club at any time whether staff is there, or not.  So I can work out when I want, how I want, whenever I want.  I guess that might be why they call it Anytime Fitness.That being said, this a smaller gym with outstanding equipment.  People keep to themselves here, there are not a ton of mirrors or disco music--this is a low key, mature and very well run gym.  I cant say enough about the state of the art carido machines.  I can watch my own tv shows on  my own time and not stare up at some plasma across the room with the masses.  Clean, safe, good lighting, good vibe. Great gym for the money.
3	Anytime Fitness is a small but efficient gym. If you don't want frills and don't need a lot with your workout, this is a good place to go. Even though it's the tiniest gym I've ever seen, it also seems to never be that busy and getting machines and weights isn't a problem. There are good magazines for the ladies to read while working out, which to me is a better perk than showers. Membership costs less than the other close by & much bigger gym (Freedom Fitness) and it's open 24 hours (take note Freedom Fitness with your 7 pm weekend close time).
1	What seemed like a tiny, but convenient gym for us turned out to be a big disappointment. Like many other franchise gyms, the object is to sell training and supplements. They originally offered Zumba and yoga classes, but the facility is too small and due to  the multi-purpose use of the space, they are unable to maintain its cleanliness. The extra classes are no longer offered.The staff seems very focused on clients who want to purchase training sessions. The equipment is crowded into a small space that becomes way too busy when there are more than 8-10 people there. It all started out good when they wanted membership, but the atmosphere seems to have succumbed to disorganization and frenzy on the part of the management. Membership is cheap, and perks are few.....to be expected. Other Anytime Fitness franchises are much larger and offer (for fee) classes and services that complement the "trainer" mentality of this gym.
1	As a follow-up to my review of 5/21/2013..........The owners of this gym cancelled our membership without notice and would not respond to phone call to request for a meeting. We are out $500. Buyer beware.
4	Disclaimer: I did not sign my membership contract at this location, so I didn't have to deal with the owner of the gym...which isn't a knock on management, I just can't confirm/deny that one star review. With that said, I usually come to this gym after 9 PM, and it is ABSOLUTELY EMPTY. Everything is always kept really clean and all the equipment are top-of-the line and new. Compared to other Anytimes, I am not badgered by personal trainers trying to persuade me for training, and that's also a huge plus as well. I do, however, hate their layout for free weights. The area is not big enough for more than 2 people there (which is why I started going after 9), and gym etiquette is lacking also as some members have taken my bench even if I leave my towel on top.
1	I am disgusted with the way your employee, Dorian acted towards one of my family members when the request to change the music from rap to anything else, resulted in Dorian flat out calling this gym's paying customer a racist and prejudice. Multiple complaints about the music and the other paying customers group together to ask who is going to request different music due to the behavior of your employee. Your gym just lost more than one paying customer. Think twice about joining a gym who hires disrespectful employees.
