4	After years of using Yelp and contemplating opening up an account for numerous fantastic places I've been, PB takes the cake and I finally decide to write a review. Why? Because...1. I am very pleased with them.2. This location does not have a review yet and I want to put in a good word.I've always been a big spa junkie, and became interested in PB because all of their spa services are done my machines. When I saw this, I fell in love-I basically can get a massage, facial, AND a tan anytime I want, as many times as I want in a month for a monthly rate that costs as much as one regular spa day? SOLD. Also, I needed to an excuse to get away from the house for a few hours a day. Hubby-bubby and I are circling each other and growling.So the Centennial Gateway PB is awesome. Big, and most importantly (to me) CLEAN. I'm not going to be standing around barefoot and naked in some contraption to let my sweat intermix with a previous user's, ya feel me? The ladies there are nice, but (it seems like) only if they need to be. Other than my "main chick" no one else has introduced themselves to me, just because. Doesn't bother me TOO much since I don't care to chit chat with the girls when I'm supposed to be getting my spa on.One star off for the price...yea, it's a bit much. If you're into value, and you know you're going to come here 4-5 times a week and stay for about 2 hrs (approx. 3-4 services) then Unlimited is the best. BUT it's not even membership costs that bothered me. It's the fact that ON TOP of membership, you have to also buy a bunch of (expensive) products to go along with your services; for example: lotions and eye-protection for your tan; whitening gel ($149 for 3 uses!!!) for the teeth whitening system; prep, treatment, and after-care creams for your facial; more lotions and body oil for the sauna, hydration station, and red light therapy bed, etc., etc. So if you plan to use everything a few times a week, buying all the crap can get a bit pricey. Overall, the spa services leave me feeling refreshed and relaxed, the girls are helpful, and I'm fine with making a dent in my wallet if it is for the sake of my sanity and well-being.
5	I have been a member at this Planet Beach for a year and a half. I found them when I was looking for a new place to tan since the old place I went wouldn't let me bring my son. I found so much more than a "tanning salon," I love it there and spend about the same as I would at a traditional tanning salon, but get so much more in return. The girls are all so knowledgeable with their products and services, not to mention they are all great with my little guy who goes with me all the time. In addition to tanning some other services provided are facials (two kinds), hydration (keeps your skin soft and your tan lasts longer), sauna (a detoxing one), massage (three kinds), mystic tanning, red light therapy and I'm sure I'm missing something. No matter what salon you go to to tan, your monthly fee gives you privileges to use all of the equipment and does not include your product, ie; lotions, mystic cartridges, etc. Planet Beach product is very reasonably priced and completely worth it. I will never tan anywhere else.
4	Another day, another groupon.  This Planet Beach location is spotless and a bit more contemporary than the Ft Apache location, if the new "Slim" machine is any indication (a new bed-like device that heats you up to burn up to 500 calories and is reported to assist you in your weight-loss goals).  The staff are all very friendly, maybe even over-perky (?).  All spa services are done by or on machines, which I like, as I am saved the work of making small-talk or trying to enforce no-talk with well-meaning spa staff.  After a few hours of massage, facialisation, and oxygenation, I was ready to leave.  I expected some sort of sales pitch, but received none, to my surprise.  Cool.Monthly unlimited membership is around $110; if you pay about half that ($55), you get your choice of 8 services/month.
5	Sweet place if you can make it at least 4 times a month! It would then be so worth it... The machines are very very clean.. :) about 130 a month for unlimited  but it doesn't include products :(   my favs are the tanning, teeth cleaning and the facial machine.. must try.
5	Absolutely love this place!!!!! Couldn't live without it. The staff is awesome and the spa is so clean! Always smells great! :)
5	This place is awesome.  So much more then a tanning salon and the prices are fantastic.  We originally went to check out the tanning,  the beds are great levels 4 and 5 and a high volicity bed as well.  Then after the tour I found out about the sauna,  facials,  massages etcAdditionally it's very clean.
4	I've been coming here since they first opened and I love it. The hours suck though!! They close early and it's an inconvenience.
