1	I needed a ride to a crucial meeting and decided to call Orange Taxi from Champaign to give me a ride. I asked them explicitly to be at my location at 3:30 pm, calling 30 minutes in advance.At 3:40, (ten minutes late!) after calling them twice in the previous ten minutes I was told that "this is normal", and that "it gets busy" and it's to be "expected" when you call a cab!I decided to call a different cab--the yellow taxi for my ride, who got there in little over 5 minutes and as we were going down the street, I got a call from the Orange taxi lady, who told me *they will never service me again, and then HUNG UP ON ME!*They never even showed up at my place.These people need to be shut down asap.
1	Aggressive cabbie lured me into an Orange cab at CMI.  Sat for 15 mins waiting for someone else while other cabs   zoomed away.  Of course I was dropped off second and much delayed.  FAIL
5	I was stranded at Wal-mart in Savoy and called Orange Cab after being totally let down by Yellow Cab, and Orange Cab showed up within MINUTES and took me to the terminal for a great price! The driver was really nice and so was the dispatcher (which was so nice to hear after waiting almost 30 minutes for Yellow Cab). Would definitely call again. !
2	Last summer, my date made a reservation to have someone from Orange Taxi pick us up for a wedding. Although it arrived a few minutes late, we still managed to make it to the wedding without an issue. Later in the evening when we were ready to leave, my date called again and the cab arrived in a reasonable amount of time.While the cab itself was functional, the interior lacked air-conditioning and badly needed cleaning, with grunge and stains on every seat. Very uncomfortable, but it delivered us to our destination fast enough that I got over it.After this pretty reliable experience, I decided to use this service again more recently when I needed to catch a morning flight.I called 24 hours in advance to reserve a cab for my flight. The dispatcher who answered my call sounded somewhat disorganized (maybe even drunk?), but assured me he had my information written down. On the morning of the flight, I grew concerned after the cab was 10 minutes late and called to ask if it was on its way. To my alarm, the dispatcher said (in an incredulous tone) that there was no such reservation for that time, location, etc., and then told me I must have confused them with another cab company. (Ha! Really? Not according to the call log on my cellphone.) I then asked if he could send out another cab, and he bluntly stated, "We don't have any cabs right now." I'm not entirely sure if he meant all their cabs were currently occupied or somehow their taxis vanished into thin air, but I pretty much took it to mean, "We're not interested in your business."I'd only recommend Orange Taxi to those who can afford to gamble on whether a taxi shows up, and if you don't mind "blame the victim"-style customer service.
1	called for  cab. estimated 20 minutes. called back 40 minutes later. "oh he picked up someone, do you still want the cab?" YES. I HAVE TO GET THERE! No apology, no discount. Weak.
1	It was my first day at job. I have to reach at my office at 9:00 am.I called Orange taxi @ 8:15 am and they told the taxi will be at your place in 15 min.I was waiting in the lobby at the hotel. Now the time is 8:45 am and I tried to call them couple of times but they didnt picked my call.At 8:45 am luckily they picked up my call. I asked them about the status of my call.They told me the cab was waiting outside your hotel but no one showed up.It was 23 degree Fahrenheit along with the wind and they expect me to stand outside the hotel.But then the cab was not far away from my hotel so they called the driver and he came back in 5 minutes.I reached my office by 9:05 am and when I gave him the card he said the machine is not working here. Give me your card details I will call the office and they will approve the transaction over the  phone.My taxi bill was $13.50 and after couple of days I check my credit card statement they charged me $15.50.Then I called back and they answered there is card transaction (which the driver didn't told me beforhand).In short horrible horrible service by this guys.
5	Called at 8:30 for a 10:30 pick-up on a Saturday morning. They quoted me a price over the phone based on mileage and the number of people in the cab. I called back at 10:00 to change the pick-up time to 10:45. At 10:45 I received a call that my taxi was out front. When we arrived at our destination, the price was less than what was quoted. The cab was older, but clean and the driver was very nice! We called again for another ride a few hours later and a different cab and driver was out front within 20 minutes of calling. My experience was that Orange Taxi has reliable service and honest prices. They are now programmed in my phone!
