3	this is the place to eat if you are at the outlet mall. thsi is probably the only healthy place to eat. we chose to split a 6" sub so that we could save some calories for our dinner that night. She hooked it up and didnt skimp on veggies. I appreciate that. :)
4	We stopped for breakfast...did you know they now cook up fresh eggs for your breakfast sandwich?!!!  I love that you can add fresh veggies to your breakfast sandwich too.  Cheap, fast, reasonably healthy!  Mmmmm!
4	Clean, friendly and always convenient, this is a great location. I love subway, well actually I love subs no matter where they're from but subway is different, their sandwiches are supposedly healthy since the franchise is own by a bunch of doctors and if doctors know what's good for you then subway is the way to go but that's actually what kept me away for a while until I realized that it was  just a marketing  gimmick and That you can find unhealthy food with awesome taste like anywhere else  and it was then when I became a subway regular. My favorite is the Italian BMT with extra pepperoni, pepper Jack cheese and mayonnaise on white bread.  mmm mmm so good! Heart attack grill's got nothing on you babe! But if that's not you and you prefer something healthy you can certainly find that at subway, and here's the list.....                                                                      lettuce                                                                      tomato                                                                       onions..all that for five bucks!
3	Subways are the new McDonald's or Starbucks. There is a plethora of them springing up on every corner and no need to travel more than a block to get to any of them. Located next to the Starbucks on the corner of LV and Blue Diamond, it was close to where I picked up a friend. I did not want bar food, so after she got her order, I picked up a Veggie Delite on 9 grain honey out. The food is similar to the others across the board. Maybe the veggies are not as fresh, but they have a wide selection. I like the one near Bachi Burger more because the place is better lit, the produce is more vibrant, they pack my sandwiches with all the toppings, and the employees are more astute to their customers request.
2	"If the $5 featured pizza sub special starts in May, why is the sign posted on the door in April?" That is the question I am asking after spending $12 on it.   The store is clean. That's good and all. But they should pay enough attention to the customer as wiping the counter.   What about the featured sub they will be promoting in May? Very sloppy. Two napkins are insufficient.  Lesson learned. I will pay closer attention to advertisement signs at businesses. Even at fast food places.
4	It's subway, nothing special, except the fact I'm now hooked on the meatball subs!  I never thought they would taste that great.  But, they were on special for December for $2.00.  So ok, I will give it a try!  OMG, I love the meatball subs now, I'm soooooooooo hooked!
2	I'll admit that this location is extremely efficient and fast with the prep and the service is decent. The downside is that they do not participate in the $5 footlong monthly promotions anymore. I didn't realize that this was even an option for Subway restaurants! Needless to say, I was beyond disappointed when I found this out after stopping at this location.
1	Horrible service. The employees did not speak good english, and were upset that this whiteboy speaks spanish. It was not a good guest experience, and they were rude. If I had the time to stop elsewhere, I would have walked out. I will not return to this location.
1	This subway sucks!  They never participate with most specials that are advertised on TV.  They didn't even want to  honor my coupon!  They made my sandwich, and then  I gave him the coupon, he goes, ohhhhh I already rang it up! ok!  I want to use my coupon.  He said I can't REALLY.... Then some other dude comes over, and said ohhhh , this is for another location! I've been here 3 times already and used these coupons!  Ok, I'm not paying regular price, give me a refund, and keep your sandwich!   Don't they know there's a subway on every corner!  And subways, that will accept my coupon!  YA'LL SUCK!  And it all worked out, because, I didn't like the way she was making my sandwich anyway.  She acted like she was rationing out the ingredients.  I had to keep asking her, can you put more olives, can you put more onions, can you put more jalapenos!  DAYM!
2	1 star for being open late. 1 star for nice people working there. No stars for food. Very skimpy on the meat and veggies. Basically got bread sandwiches with a little bit of meat and a few veggies. I guess that why they can get away with only charging $5 for a footlong. Pastrami melt was nasty. The meat that was on it was rubbery. Got about 10 black olives on a footlong buffalo chicken. Asked for mayo on the cheesesteak. Ran out of mayo in the squeeze bottle, so instead of getting another bottle of mayo, they just squeezed some light mayo on it. If I wanted light mayo, I would of asked for it. Steak sub ha nooo flavor either. Got a root beer out of the fountain. BIB must have been out of syrup. Started driving up the road and took a sip. Tasted like straight carbonated water.
2	Subway is okay to eat sometimes, but no matter which one you go to you will always get the worst customer service and wonder how those people even got hired
4	Subway is the place to go to if you have no idea what to eat. They have a wide variety choices to choose from: whether you want breakfast, lunch, or dinner they have different combos to fit your needs. Their location is great and very easy to spot while you're driving. Staff was friendly and welcoming. I am definitely going to be back here much more often.
5	We stopped here for dinner; the kids choice.  I was pleased with the service I received.  Sandwiches and chips.... perfect!
5	My new favorite place for a quick breakfast! This is the first subway I've been to, that they make your eggs to order not some premade folded eggs,....add your favorite toppings. I love onions,  tomatoes,  bell peppers and spinach with topped with fresh avocado and black pepper = delicious!
5	What sets this Subway apart from other Subways? They fry you fresh eggs for your breakfast sandwiches. WHAT?! That's a win.
4	Great service great $2 sub I'm very happy I got the cold cut trio and it was delicious. Typical usual subway experience however the stuff was very nice and accommodating .
