5	Hands down, the best place to shop for your pet anywhere in the country...believe me, I have looked in pet stores everywhere my travels take me to!  The owners, Tony & Vince, make the experience so enjoyable.  They truly get to know you and your pet and make recommendations that are always spot on.They have the most unique items from clothing, jewelry, toys, beds etc.  Everything we buy for our dog, Lily, comes from Mackie's Parlour.  I love that they gave her a VIP card too...guess that means we buy a lot there!Trust me, you must check this place out if you are a pet owner...totally worth your time and money!
5	This was my first time here. I went in a couple weeks ago to buy a gift for a friend. The two owners were quick to greet me, and to spend quality time learning about my needs and what kind of gift I was looking to get for my friend's dog. The shop seemed to have really unique, nice items. What made me want to write a review was how personable and friendly the two men were that helped me.
5	This is the best pet boutique I have found in Scottsdale. The owners are so nice and helpful. They have great products and the best selection of dog treats I have ever seen in one place, fresh doggie ice cream!  jerky made in PV, Stella and Chewy, gourmet cookies, gourmet cupcakes, and so much more.   Cute clothing for the tiny dogs, nice dishes, leads, collars, pet tags, and great toys. Vince and Tony are the nicest shop owners ever and so helpful!  This is where everyone in Scottsdale with pets should shop. I'm so glad I found the store!
5	I have to agree - the guys that run this store are top notch. They clearly love what they do and who they do it for: their little four legged friends.  They are passionate about pets and the products they carry for them, nothing but the best! And that's not necessarily only the highest cost, there's a wide range of items from food & treats to leashes/collars to travel items.  Very unique gift selections, also.I was hooked the first time I entered here, as was my pup who got treated to the must plush and efficient car seat a pampered and SAFE pooch could ever want for traveling! The owners were more than happy to show me how to install it and remove the covering for easy cleaning.  Worth the first and follow up trips.
2	Ok... So today I went in with my 4lb Yorkie to see the shop and see if there was anything that I had to have for my dog. Initially, the gentleman behind the counter was awesome. Friendly, courteous, engaging and interested in my business and my dog.  We talked about Yorkies and how great they are. He apparently has one and we were talking with another patron about her Yorkie she had as well. It was going very well. I decided to get my dog a doggy cupcake and go on about my day.  At the same time I was checking out another guy walked in with a small dog off the leash. Immediately the guy helping me yelled out "theres a little puppy in here!" at which that instant, that dog rushed in and literally attacked my dog. My dog was bitten on her back and I had to hit the dog to stop it from chewing on mine. As it turns out, the dog was the owners dog and the guy that walked in was a business partner/owner. My tiny dog was off leash, their dog was off leash. After their dog stopped biting mine one of the guys scooped it up and put it in the back behind a baby gate and I got a "Oh sorry about that, hes just soooo dominant!" The problem I have is this... If you're aware that your dog is an asshole, why would you have it off the leash?! Especially in a freaking pet shop! And secondly, the best you got is "sorry hes so dominant?" I was so turned off by this event that I wanted to pay and get the hell out of there. Oh yeah, that kinda pissed me off too... right after this guys little asshole dog just finished biting mine, and shes now trembling in my arms, he hands me a debit card slip to sign for $3.59.Advice to this new shop... Dont let your little asshole/dominant dog run freely if hes going to attack other peoples little dogs that are smaller than him. People tend not to like it when their little dog gets attacked. This business gets 2 stars only because its a cute place and right up until the dog fight and the owners lack of what I like to call "give-a-shit-ism" he was very friendly and seemed to care.
5	Mackie's Parlour is truly one of the top dog boutiques in the city!  The owners are very knowledgeable and friendly, and the store has a wide variety of pet products to choose from.  I bring my two pups here for all their doggie accessories and treats (they even make their own brand of cookies that my two go absolutely gaga for).  What's great is that they now have grooming services, and I must say that the groomer, Edwin, is phenomenal.  He went over my list of how I wanted them groomed, made some suggestions, and took them from there.  Not only did my pups look and smell fabulous after their grooming, but he was done with them ON TIME!!!  I will definitely be bringing my pups back for their next beauty day ;)
