1	Didn't get what I had asked for number one. They didn't last very long number two. Was told this was the best. Even drove across town.
5	Tonight was my first time at this salon. I saw Mindy. I originally had an appointment (that I scheduled this morning) at 4pm. However, Mindy let me know that she was done earlier than expected, and I could be seen before 4pm. Awesome.Getting here is kind of a night mare. Getting off the 215w at Eastern Avenue is a suicide mission. I would have less stress attempting to rob a bank. But after the stressful drive, you arrive at Euphoria. Which is closer to the wienerschnitzel, facing Serene.I was greeted by the front office staff, even though they seemed very caught up in something, and Mindy was ready for me, and greeted me right away.The last time I had my hair cut was a year and a half ago. So I knew that with my naturally curly hair, I was going to have to lose some length to get it healthy again.....Much to my sadness.Mindy listened to my wants, but knew my needs. She would have had NO problem just listening to my instructions...which would have been to cut off as little as possible, and leave it all one length.However, I gave Mindy complete control. Length came off, and layers were added. I am still a little shell shocked. My hair appeared much shorter, (but it was because of how healthy my curls were.) my curls, finally were spiraling. I don't believe they have done that since I was 3 or 4 years old.Mindy also told me how to properly wash, style, dry, and which products (without trying to push a sale on me) would work best for my hair and I.Besides the nightmare of driving there (I don't recommend the 215), Mindy, and the front desk staff greeted and sent me off warm, and appropriately. I felt catered to. The salon wasn't crazy busy, and Mindy and I could actually have a decent conversation without screaming over others' noise.I'll be back.
5	This review is for Bivian the lovely nail tech who I see religiously! She is fairly priced, very artistic and super sweet! I always get gel nail polish and am never disappointed. See Bivian for whatever your nail imagination desires. :)
5	My first time at this location. I've lived in this area for the years and never knew it was here. Staff was very nice. The guy at the front offered me coffee or water. Tim is such a great hair stylist. First he washes your hair with a nice scalp massage. I always request a cold water rinse. Tim is excellent with scissors. A pure hair genius. He's only dyed my hair a few times but always did a great job. (red/blonde high lights a few years ago) I've been going to him for almost fifteen years. He keeps getting better and better.
4	Kim is awesome and takes great care of you. Place is not to fancy but I have no complaints on the service I have received.
5	This was my first time here after bein recommended by a girlfriend. I was hesitant to go cuz a few other hair stylist told me it can't be fixed being my hair was damaged. I had my highlights touched up t another salon and it was a horrible turn out. Halos was brassy and orangey. So I tried  her anyhow and I got the result I've wanted. Got the ash blonde highlight that I wanted. LENY was amazing. Miracle worker. Thank you soooo much. Will be back to see her in 2mo for my roots touch up. I'm loving my results.
5	I definitely would recommend Kathy Hirsch she has been working on my hair for 5 years now and I wouldn't go anywhere else.  Love her service and her flexible hours early morning and late into the night she's been there when I needed her.
5	Just had THE best massage EVER!! Brady was amazing! Words cannot describe. The ambiance and the soothing music added to the experience. After she was done I felt like jello and relaxed and happy. I'm definitely having her massage me again!!! And a shout out to John...he was extremely helpful when I made the appt.
