5	Loved it! The dinosaur exhibits are great. I wanted EVERY GEM in the gem room. Hey, Carnegie family, how about giving me that diamond and platinum bracelet? Even a loaner would be fine. The discovery room is comfortable and friendly, and we got to pet a stuffed (dead) bear. We saw lots of stuffed (dead) animals, the camel tableaux is shocking. It reminded me of the California Academy of Science in SF, the way it was before they remodeled and screwed it all up. If I'm back in Pittsburgh, I'd go back again. It's kid friendly, people friendly, and a beautiful museum.
5	I've been to museums all over the country, the Getty museum in LA, the metropolitan museum of art in NYC, and quite a few others but I've yet to find one that impresses me more than the Carnegie.First, the Egyption exhibit is very expressive with the boat almost intact and the mummy exhibits that are encased. The furniture exhibit from the Scaif collection is a beautiful collection of desks, chairs, clocks, and other antiques from the 18th and 19 centuries.Of course you can't describe the Carnegie without mentioning one of the largest dinasaur exhibits in the world. Now, they've got the bones posed in battle, and in a natural setting with foliage from the different eras. To make it even better there are observation decks now to look down on the creatures from the second and third levels.The building itself Is huge, with William shakespear greeting you at the grand staircase when you walk in forever carved in granite at the top of the stairs. Andrew Carnegie was a man with a lot of pride, and it was true that he wanted Pittsburgh to have the best museum in America.
5	A fantastic place to spend the day.  You will need hours to see everything there is. It is also adjacent to the Carnegie Art Museum.  One price allows you to both.  Here you can see dinosaurs, fossils, minerals, mammals, the list goes on.  If you have kids with you, they will love the bone quarry, where they can "dig" for dinosaur bones.  Great exhibits too!  Very nicely done.
5	As mentioned, the dinosaur exhibit is amazing.  I probably spent hours in there.  An impressive fraction of the bones on display are real, not casts.  In addition, all the touchscreens have interesting information about the dinosaurs, like misconceptions and new discoveries.The gem room is also full of great exhibits and information.  I liked that they displayed carved pieces as well as the typical rocks and crystals.  By the time you get to the room with the seemingly endless cases and mirrors, it almost feels too overwhelming.  But I can't really complain about there being too many gems!I have a really soft spot for the wildlife hall.  The person who posed the animals seems to have a sense of humor.  The lion attacking the man on camel: awesome.  One of the bear exhibits is very cleverly posed, with part of the scene in the wall and the male bear in the middle of the hall.The only con is that the Arctic and Egyptian rooms are on the top floor.  By then, I'm too tired to appreciate them.  It may be best to see those first and then make your way down to the dinosaurs.  Also, the bird hall is a little strange, with some birds posed upright and others left lying in a very dead posture with their feet tied together.  You may find this either amusing or creepy.Remember to get there early and plan for a full day if you want to see both the Art and Natural History museums!
5	We had originally planned on going to visit the Pittsburgh Zoo, however due to a crazy rain storm we ended up at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History and what a delight and suprise!!! The dinosaur exhibits were amazing as well as the minerals/rock displays. Wonderful exhibits, not to mention that they have the first ever found T-Rex!!!We also go to visit the Art Museum and see one of Monet's Waterlilies, which was breathtaking!!!
5	This museum is amazing.  I was able to be here for only 2 hours, but I felt like I learned so much and saw some amazing things.  This dinosaur exhibits are absolutely jaw dropping.  They even have labeled which bones are real, cast, or sculpted.  Seriously, if you like Natural History, you have got to check this place out.  I eventually want to spend more time here and go to all of the exhibits.
5	Day 2 into Pittsburgh I had realized I was within walking distance of this museum.  Amidst the heatwave, I had decided stopping in at the local Natural History Museum would be a great, cool (and free if you're a student) way to spend an afternoon.  I had heard that both the art museum and the natural history museum were connected and decided to head to the natural history portion first.  I mean, who doesn't love a diorama?  The museum is beautiful, although a little counter-intuitive in terms of navigation.  Some things were really easy to find (like the dinosaurs) but the 3rd floor Egypt hall took me a minute to find.  I did spend most of my time with the dinosaurs, but the Native American exhibit was really cool and I didn't end up going to the Egypt hall (apparently everyone else was also trying to beat the heat).I breezed through the art museum and would suggest a visitor spends most of their time in the natural history portion of the museum since it's more encompassing and has a special local history regarding the dinosaurs.
5	Most Natural History museums I've been to are the standard old school dioramas and stuffed animals.  While the Carnegie has these things, it offers so much more.  The dinosaur exhibit has to be one of the best out there.  It shows them in what would have likely been their natural habitat and groups them according to the period they were from.  They also have interesting information on how they came to acquire such a great collection.  There are guided tours daily that are free with admission and I highly recommend it!The gem and mineral collection is top notch.  I especially enjoyed that there was a particular amount of attention paid to those gems and minerals that can be found in Western PA.  The Egyptian exhibit is well done presenting great info and insights into the life of ancient Egypt and the Arctic exhibit really provides a connection to the day to day life of the Innuit people.There is a lot other great exhibits as well.  Overall, the museum is well worth a visit and I look forward to returning soon.
5	First class museum!
5	This museum is a must see when in Pittsburgh.  I am not sure what I waited until now to visit this museum, I can't believe what I have been missing.  Here are just a few of the exhibits that make Carnegie so special:The minerals and gems exhibit is quiet extensive.  We really enjoyed looking at the crystals and quartz.  Everything is well displayedDinosaurs in their Time is extraordinary.  We spent a lot of our time here, there is so much to see.Ancient Egypt is a fairly small display, but definitely a must see. I really like the Hall of the American Indians, although I was wished they had more information on more tribes.We visited for an afternoon.  But I would recommend a full day, there is so much to see.
5	This is one of the four Carnegie museums in Pittsburgh and definitely a must-see! There is also the Carnegie Museum of Arts under the same roof! But I tell you, it takes one complete day to visit each of them! In the natural history museum, the major extraction I would say is the minerals, stones and gems exhibition! And then comes the Dinosaurs, so much for Pitts being the first place where the fossils were discovered! The forests/animals/birds of African setting were very life like!  Kids would love this place! Overall, a must visit if you come to Pitts!
5	Pittsburgh's Museum of Natural History is a world-class museum, no doubt about it!  The time and dedication that was put into creating a place to wonder and learn really shows.  This place was a centerpiece of my childhood and is a piece of history itself.  Back in the day, Andrew Carnegie put a lot of money towards acquiring fossils and dinosaur bones to present to the world.  In fact, check this out from their website: "Carnegie's personal presentation of a Diplodocus cast to the British Museum triggered requests for replicas from European presidents, kings and emperors."  Pretty cool, huh?  I like Pittsburgh's dinosaur exhibit way better than the British Museum's exhibit in London, which I found to be dark and outdated.You could spend a couple days looking around this place.  First visit the newly redesigned Dinosaurs in their Time exhibit.  Much more modern and thorough than when I was a kid.  The hall is bright and airy, and filled with greenery surrounding the fossils.  Most of the fossils are real and there are digital displays beneath each one providing more information and explaining exactly which bones are real and which pieces are casts.  At the front of the exhibit is the PaleoLab where you can watch real paleontologists at work behind the glass.Other exhibits hold a lot of wonder, charm and nostalgia, such as the display of birds that lines a hallway, and the taxidermied yet lifelike animals in the hall of mammals.  They also have an impressive insect collection.  I also love the early mammals room, which show cross section skeletons of extinct animals like the mammoth, a direwolf, and some early horses among others.The geology exhibit in the room before the dinosaurs is fascinating too, and gives some geological history of the Western Pennsylvania region.  I remember the Eskimo/Inuit exhibit from when I was a kid but I just love how they've updated it, giving new information about language and how their people live today.  I could be wrong but I think the Native American exhibit could be fairly new too.  And don't miss the small Egyptian exhibit and the minerals exhibit.On top of all this, the museum is gorgeous on the inside in its main halls-- lots of marble.  Just amazing architecture.I could go on, but I'd rather you go out and discover these treasures for yourself!
5	I saved this review for my 100th review on Yelp for a reason.I believe it is "good juju" to save positive vibrations for those moments that necessitate it.This is a spectacular experience, and deserves no less than "the Full Monty" in my book... My wife and I have always tried to impart a sense of cultural appreciation in ourselves and our little one. Because of this, we became members of the Carnegie Museums our first month here in Pittsburgh, and have been nothing short of pleased with the investment.I have written a prior review on the full experience of the Carnegie Museums, and fully believe that the whole package is an extremely competitive value for families who want to give themselves a wonderful gift that can make weekends really great the whole year 'round. (You get access to the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, the Carnegie Museum of Art, The Carnegie Science Center just by Heinz Field, and The Warhol Museum!!!)Now, when considering the individual museums, I must say that for us and our little one, this is the crown jewel - we come here at least 6-10 times a year, and this has really usurped the Zoo (sorry!) as our go-to place for a quick weekend cultural family activity. Some have complained about having to pay extra for parking, and I agree; it would be nice to have $3 parking for members or even a credit card kiosk for parking so we don't have to stop at the ATM and get cash, but overall, this is an incredible buy!They have one of the best dinosaur exhibits I can remember attending. Our little one spends lots of time here, just taking it all in. The geological exhibit is quite honestly the best of its kind that I have ever seen - I certainly think it's better assembled and more comprehensive than in many other Natural History museums I've been to.The real amazing part of this museum, however, are the hidden jewels. The Egyptian exhibits; the Arctic cultural exhibits; the Native American exhibits, the preserved avian specimens tucked in the crosswalk between the main museum and the exhibits listed above - all of these are reasons to bring your family here! Every time we come, we discover something new and important.If the above review is not making you want to immediately visit, then I cannot help you. There is a reason so many people give this place 5 stars - surely you can visit and make up your own mind. Hope you enjoy it as much as we have!Will definitely be back!
4	I'm a big fan of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History and always have been; I remember being a kid and walking through the old white dinosaur hall before their current mural-walled set-up came into existence. So yes, this museum and I go way back.The pros: it's just a great museum! You've got the Dinosaurs In Their Time exhibit that shows off a small fraction of the museum's massive collection, the halls of animals from different parts of the country, the gemstone gallery, lots of hands-on areas for kids and kids at heart (i.e. digging for bones, hands-on animal galleries, etc.), a section of the museum dedicated to local floral life, the Egyptian, Arctic and Native American wings, and finally the temporary/traveling exhibit section. And that still doesn't cover everything here. This is a really, really fun, informative and diverse museum. BUT, despite having a massive range of interesting topics and galleries to explore (not even including the art wings of its neighborliness museum), it's not too big, either, and this is important: there are some museums where I can only get through about half of the exhibits before I'm "museumed out" from information overload. This is not one of those places - always a plus!The cons: aside from their traveling/temporary exhibit hall specifically, things really don't change around here. A lot of the photo galleries have been in place as far back as I can remember, some of the videos are almost 10 years old if not older, and some galleries have just never, ever changed since I was a little kid - in fact the Egyptian exhibit is exactly the same now as it was when I was about five years old, except that an old tomb you had to duck down and crawl into is covered up and gone. Such a disappointment! And the age shows, because a lot of the interactive/narrative screens and such in these parts of the museum break down constantly - or there's no interactive screens at all, and you have to read textbook amounts of text in tiny fonts on dimly lit walls. I can do it, don't get me wrong, but compared to the bright and interesting Dinosaur Hall, it's almost like you're stepping into an entirely different museum the further away you get from its hallmark exhibit. It would just be really nice if the entire museum - not just the dinosaur hall - got a makeover at some point. Oh, and their cafe is not that good. It's better than it used to be, but seriously, if you're going to be in Oakland anyway, just walk across the street and eat something there after your visit.Still, even the "worst" parts of the museum are pretty darn cool - I've been on a number of really fun dates here and have a membership to make sure I can enjoy it whenever I want. I'll be back soon!
5	If you like dinosaurs....kids get goggles and tools to "dig".Plan on a few hours or more to explore.
5	It's really a wonderfully fun place for those who are interested in things like dinosaurs and prehistoric creatures (Though there's so much more to the place than that). Went with my young brother who really digs this kind of thing and had a really great experience. I'll be going back at some point.
5	ROCKS, dude, ROCKS. Thousands upon thousands of permutations of mineral combinations, in any color you would ever find in a prismacolor art pen set, gathered and catalogued, taxonomed, set out, displayed. And. ZOMG. ROCKS! I had no idea how interesting you are! Azurite? What the fuck is azurite? Copper and shit? It's beautiful! I wish my heart was the depth of solemn, glittering, unwaveringly beautiful BLUE that azurite is! This, and approximately three thousand OTHER rock revelations await you at Carnegie. We spent hours in just this tiny wing of the museum, lit like a jewelry store in Blade Runner, with Swarovski LED bulbs blasting concentrated beams of light onto all these natural wonders, stirring your human propensity for awe. Oh yeah, and dinosaur bones. Yeah, whatever, dinosaur bones. We've seen countless amusement park replicas of dinosaur bones. All those fakies out there take the wind and majesty out of seeing the real thing. It's not like you're allowed to touch them, and grok the tactile sense of Reality separating amusement park plaster bullshit from divine lattice of fossilized hypoxyapetite calcium evolved from eons and eons of trial and error and perfectly preserved in a block of mulch for millennia millennia. Ok, so, a few dozen dorky Japanese tourist style funny photos later, and you saunter off, and find theBUGS. Which are catalogued and organized ever so impeccably, you are stopped, stunned at all these iridescent colors and Galapagon proportioned choleoptera. So mesmerized by this alternate Earthling reality, you hardly hear the security team mention to you for the umpteenth time that the museum is closed and you can some back and ogle tomorrow. Take them up on it. Ogle tomorrow, Everything here is cool.
4	Major, major points for this place. You'd need days to cover this place properly. It's beyond beautiful. We didn't even make it to half of it. Coolest parts were the dinos and the rocks/gemstones/jewelry area. If you've got kids, bring them here. There are a lot of hands on things to do and see for them.
5	This place is awesome. I wish I had gone on my own, I might have been more interested than my kiddo was! It's a cool hands-on museum. You'll learn a lot, and have fun doing it.
5	Awesome place. I've been here as a kid on field trips but I didn't truly appreciate everything until going as an adult. The dinosaurs are breathtaking & a helpful employee informed us the first t-rex found is here. The gems were beautiful & truly put off a positive, happy energy. My favorite part was the 2nd floor & looking at the taxidermy wildlife. We almost left without checking it out but thankfully at the last minute went upstairs & spent a good amount of time up there. It was my Floridian boyfriends first time here, but he remembers his mother (who was a native to pgh) always saying how great the museums in Pittsburgh are. On thursday Nov 14 & 21 from 4-8 the museum is free! We took advantage last night & it was a great date night! :)
5	BUY THE MEMBERSHIP! I have a dual membership that allows me and  my son to hit all of the Carnegie museums including the Warhol. We originally came for the dinosaurs but recently I discovered the hall of architecture because of the Christmas tree display. And while I  found the Christmas tree displays to be underwhelming, seeing the old prespia was nice and all the plaster casts of old European architecture. Another benefit is that the Natural History museum is connected to the Museum of Art. One admission price gets you into both..
4	Beautiful museum, especially the extensive Dinosaur exhibit.  Definitely a place that will cause any Creationist to shudder, but let's be honest -this is one of those dreaded book-learnin' scientist-conspiracy places I'm sure they do not frequent.  The wildlife exhibit looked almost exactly like the Denver Museum of Nature and Science- most of the scenes were almost identical.  I tend to like a bit more interactive museums, and this is more of a stand-and-observe, but each exhibit is certainly extraordinary to say the least.  The layout is sort of a maze-it's kind of spread out all over the place and easy to get lost it.  Wish I could have spent more time in the Gem's/Minerals section.  Will be back!
5	Incredible dinosaur display, great cultural displays.  A must do for anyone in or visiting Pittsburgh!
5	Great place for art and culture here. I never get tired of seeing the Dinosaur exhibit here. I thought an hour and a half would be enough time to check this place out but I was way wrong. Between the arts and history museum you need at least 3 to 4 hours to check out everything. We only put 2 hours in the meter and it took us an hour just to get through the art exhibit and that's because we rushed and didn't even see one of the rooms. We ended up having to rush through the dino exhibit which is my favorite of them all. I did manage to see the gem room though. The mirrors really make youfeel like the room is 10 times bigger than normal..So awesome!! I would definitely spend more time here next time and be sure to stay for at least 3 to 4 hours before hand.They always have different exhibits on display as well as the cultural area where they show off ancient roman architecture like buildings, statues and walls. it was a great place to be, I even considered having my wedding photos done here.CHECK IT OUT!!!!
5	My husband and I had a great time visiting the Museum of Natural History for several hours on a Saturday.  There were a fair number of people there when we went around noon, but not so many that movement around the exhibits was restricted or there were lines forming anywhere.  We rented a 50-cent locker to store my purse and our coats, but they also have a serve-yourself coatroom so you don't need to carry your coat throughout the museum.  It is generally warm throughout the exhibits, so don't overdress.While there were a lot of very interesting collections (plenty of mounted bugs, animal exhibits, and rocks), by far, the best part is the dinosaur fossil collection. What I learned is that many museums simply have casts of dinosaur skeletons, but this museum has many, many actual dinosaur fossils on display. Further, most specimens had charts near them that laid out whether the fossil was real, a cast, a sculpture or some combination.  It was so interesting and well laid out. So much to learn!At one point we were accosted by a tour guide who was roaming around the dinosaur exhibits. While I was initially confused about how we had invited a guide, she actually was super nice and contagiously enthusiastic. She told us a lot about the exhibits and how some had been acquired.  After about 10 minutes of one-on-one conversation with us, she took off to go guide a tour.  It was really nice to see that the tour guides weren't just gathered in a break room between tours and out interacting with the museums guests.  Really, really great to get that personal attention without having to ask for it.Overall, an informative and fun way to spend a few hours.  Perfect place to take kids or a date!
5	Loved it.  The dinosaurs and the mineral / gem exhibit are worth a visit by themselves.  Everything else is interesting, but the dinos are the best.
5	I spent well over 3 hours in the mineral and gem display. It is AMAZING!  So beautiful!  I could spend many more hours in the exhibit!  I will definitely be coming back!  I came on a Sunday and spent as long as I could in the mineral exhibit.  The building itself is so gorgeous!I am buying a membership so that I can come back more!!!
3	An interesting museum to see especially for the dinosaur bones and mineral hall.  The building itself is old and interesting but this is not one of my favorite museums ever as I find a lot of it to be a bit boring.
4	I really like this museum.  There is plenty to see and lots of activities for children. Each exhibit offers a  reasonable amount of information and items to feel and discover more about the exhibit.   There is a parking lot connected to the museum.  It's easy to get to and the cost isn't bad. For a 2-5 hour stay you pay only $5. Also from the end of May until the beginning of September active duty military and their families get in free to both the natural history museum and art museum.
5	Pittsburgh's Carnegie Museum of Natural History is truly an experience! I have been going since I was a child, and although, there are not too many new installations, it is a place that will never get old. As a Pitt student, you can go to the museum for free, so if you go to Pitt, take advantage of this wonderful offer!!! I especially love that some of the historical rooms, depending upon origin, replicate the temperatures of such locations! The Egyptian room has a unique smell and is full of history and information. The Native American section of the museum is warm in temperature and very informative. I love to see the clothing that ethic people wear/wore and what their lives are/were like. The museum is very spacious and you won't feel overwhelmed by crowds, even if there are many people there. The basement is for children and has a lot of fun areas where kids can learn and engage their minds! This was amazing to go to as a child! "Empowering Women" was an exhibit that show cased women who strive to be independent in their community by providing goods for profit. The women's stories and messages were so powerful that I didn't want to leave this exhibit! The gem exhibit is always fun to walk through, although it doesn't change much, to see the bright and shining, well maintained gems is very captivating. Don't forget to check out the stuffed birds hallway! It is eerie to walk through that hallway with all the stuffed birds looking at you, but it houses many species, some of which are extinct! I have also always been a fan of the miniatures exhibit, in which there are small tables and dinner settings in small room complete with forks, knives, and scenes that you see can through a window into! Definitely check out this museum! It really is one of Pittsburgh's gems.
5	This was an excellent tour. I was amazed at the exhibits, even my daughter enjoyed it. The first floor show the history you normally don't see everyday. The Parthenon was so small but so much to see, the statues were unbelievable, wow. Then we went to the gems, I've never seen so many in my life, all from different locations. The diamonds were so beautiful. Then it was off to see the dinosaurs, wow big wow, I've never been that close. The African exhibit was the best, almost looked like you could actually touch the exhibits. It was well worth the money. Great day! Amazing history!
5	Went to see the RACE exhibit as today was the last day. Absolutely lovely! So detailed and informed that if it did not incite you to think about the concept of race in this country, how you respond to races, your concept of race, how you treat races, and your place in this society based on your race...than you're a lama.
4	I've been to a few Natural history museums, and seen a lot of bones, fossils and otherwise. But this one really is the place to go to see Dinosaurs and other extinct animals. The dinosaur outside with the Pittsburgh scarf turned out to be a diplidocus, but inside is an even more impressive apatosaurous (check out that whip tail), and of course the T Rexes. I would have liked to have had a bit more detail about the different specimens, but it was good to see them in an environment rather than just sterile displays of bones. We also quickly ran through the Arctic and bird sections, which were OK. A must see for any Pittsburgh visit.
4	The other weekend my boyfriend and I decided to visit the Carnegie Museum since neither of us had been there in quite some time. Honestly, it has not changed much since I remember going there as a child with my dad on the weekends. I love the architecture in the art museum part. In particular, this time of year they have the Carnegie trees on display. Each has a theme and is decorated accordingly. They are beautiful to see! The dinosaurs are always a highlight as well. I typically skip the gem area-too boring in my opinion. I also enjoy the Egyptian room with the mummies and the artic area with the igloo. Tickets I think were a bit pricey for the caliber of the museum, however, I'd still recommend coming here for a visit if it's been awhile since your last.
5	This museum is amazing. I've been coming here since I was a little child and I always see something new every time I go. This museum is kind of like two museums in one. There's art from various eras and tons of history- including dinosaur bones! The dinosaurs are probably the most popular exhibit in the museum- each time I took my little cousins to this museum , it was to see the dinosaurs. What's really cool is they even have an area before you go into see the dinosaurs where you can see  paleontologists working. Super cool! The museum has tons of regular exhibits like various eras of art, history exhibits about Egyptians and lots more. They also have new exhibits that are featured for a few months at a time. I visited the museum last Tuesday with coworkers to see the exhibit on Maggie's Cancer Centers. As a Pitt student, I had free admission to the museum, which is awesome. The exhibit was amazing! It featured photos of the Maggie's Cancer Centers and featured stories of the patients who visited. This museum is also very interactive in a lot of ways and in this particular exhibit , you could vote on which cancer center you like the best. You also were encouraged to write your opinion on the centers and what surprised you when learning about them, upon leaving  the exhibit. You could easily spend an entire day here. There is SO much to see and learn. Every time I come to this museum, I have a great time. It's also attached to the Carnegie library of Oakland and I highly recommend visiting there as well!
