1	This is a general overview of our experience with Tire Works.  We had a flat tire in the airport parking after getting back from a week long trip.  We brought the car into tire works and they filled the tire with Nitrogen.  They mentioned that the tire had been checked for any issues or punctures.  Of course, two days later the tire was flat (again) so we brought it in to Tire Works for the second time.  After a 2 hours wait, they finally looked at my tire and decided that there was a nail embedded in the Tire.  I asked them why they didn't see that two days ago if they checked over the tire properly, and they said it just happened the the last two days since I brought it there.  Hmmmm...same slow leak, same flat tire....I doubt that they really checked my tire in the first place.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt.Fast forward a few months and the alternator went in our car.  For over $400, we were able to get another alternator put in our car by Tire Works.  A few weeks later our car breaks down a couple hundred miles away and guess what it is??? The alternator is bad!  Sucks for us though, because we have to somehow pay to get our car back to Tire Works in order for them to fix the car.  So either we have to pay for a new alternator AGAIN as well as labor costs, and hope that Tire Works will refund us our money from a few weeks prior.  Or we have to pay almost a thousand dollars to get our car towed from where we broke down back to Las Vegas.What I think is the most hilarious is that the NUMBER ONE reason to go to Tire Works according to their web site states. "We stand behind our service and products. If for any reason you are not really pleased, we'll make it right for you. Period."  I call BS on that one.  Don't even bother calling their corporate offices.  I spoke with Heather who was absolutely no help.  She let me know that her "boss" said she can't do anything to help us.  When I asked what her boss' name was she told me she couldn't give me that information or let me talk to her.  WHO SAYS THAT?  The mechanic at one of the shops tells me that I could have spoken to Kristen or Michelle, but unfortunately I don't think anyone in that office is looking out for their customers.I would never go to Tire Works unless you want a huge headache and to feel like you've lost hundreds (or thousands) of dollars in their hands.
1	The manager, Walter, is a real piece of work. I'll never go back this place. Everything he promised, he didn't do. This guy has no memory or ethics I'm not sure which. While in Vegas for a convention, I needed a new battery for my sputtering car.  I had used these guys before and I came back for another go.  Walter said the car would be ready in two hours and he would call when it was ready.  I noted a bit of an aggressive attitude from the people behind the counter, but I let it pass as I needed my car fixed.  I didn't hear from him as he said he would call, but I showed up three hours later anyway hoping to get my car back.  Well, well, well, my car hadn't been moved from its parking space. He said he left a message, but I never got one. He also tells me that my wheels need alignment and if I don't do it, my tires will wear out very soon. He was supposed to have done my alignment last time I was at his place. So this guy either didn't do my alignment right or didn't do it at all. I checked BBB and they have an F rating.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by the honesty and exceptional service at the Tire Works on W. Sahara. Thank goodness this place is under new management... Jack took great care of me and this may have been my first visit but the next time that I need my car serviced I won't hesitate to return. I spent a good part of the day worrying that I would end up at a shop where I would be told that I need repairs that aren't really necessary, but not here. A car repair shop that is fair and honest in Las Vegas?... Yes!   :-)
4	Very friendly staff, particularly Jack, the manager, and Joe, who was the gentleman who helped me out when I visited.  My back shocks needed to be replaced, alignment done, and all four tires replaced.  I am not from Vegas so I pretty much picked this location out of a phone book. When I called to get an estimate and began talking with Joe, I let him know I was wary of car replaces places, that I had had bad experiences before and that I wanted honest service.  Some might think that is a naive thing to do but he was very understanding, detailed the guarantee (parts and labor for a year, parts only for a lifetime), and said they would take care of me.  They did.  The only thing I didn't like is that Jack kept calling me "hon", probably something he does to all women but which I find irritating and unprofessional.
5	Finally!  An auto repair shop in Vegas  I can trust!  I know my vehicle like the back of my hand.  I can fix most problems that pop up, but there are occasionally things I haven't the tools, space, time or expertise to handle.  I originally bought a set of tires there.  Jack recommended some Coopers I had not originally considered.  I went home and researched before I bought.  He was right, those tires were better, and were cheaper than the tires I had my eye on.I then tested them by giving them the opportunity to fully inspect my vehicle.  I already knew what was wrong and what wasn't.  They passed with flying colors.  They didn't miss a thing, nor did they find anything "new" that was wrong.I then started letting them make one repair at a time.  They always had me in and out of there quickly, they used high quality parts, they gave me great prices.  The more we got to know each other the better the service and prices got.  Jack and Chris, up at the front desk, even gave suggestions on where to take my vehicle for repairs they honestly admitted were "not in their wheelhouse".  They even called in a favor to another shop to help me force another (third) shop into honoring a warranty for some other work I previously had had done.  Robert, the mechanic, is really cool too.  He definitely knows his stuff.  You can tell a lot about a shop that has nothing to hide.  They let me back into the shop at any time to watch what they're doing, check their progress, inspect the work, etc.  They have never had a problem with showing me everything they were doing, to answer any question I might have.  They have never tried to BS me in any way.I highly recommend this shop to anyone and everyone.
5	Went in initially for a wheel alignment and was charged a good price (approx. $85+) for the basic package.  They  took care of me and told me that the front tires need to be replaced to get rid of the "tire pull" that was occurring.  Went back in a few days later and had the front tires replaced for a great price (approx. $160+) and was in and out within 30 mins!  Thanks to the great and friendly staff, especially Paulo and Pat!  Great job guys!
2	Like fresh skid marks on the road, I got burned!Excited to leave my house and stop by somewhere for a delicious sandwich but life throws a nail in my tire! Bummer! I went to Tire Works because it was the closest tire shop to my house and didn't want to risk my awesome life on going to a preferable shop. Now I wish I spent the extra 10 minutes driving!Went inside and was told 15 minutes and $25 (seems a bit high?) to get my tire fixed. Almost 30 minutes later I go check up on my car and it hasn't even been started on. Instead I try to pay ahead of time and the guy didn't even remember what they were gonna do to my car. Uh... sir I've been your only customer for the past 30 minutes. He then reminds his technician to work on my car and... tells me another 15 minutes. I don't have any problems with my tire, looks like it was done right, but the lack of customer service will make me drive the extra distance where I know its tried and true.
5	Initially, on Sunday 2-16-14 I was calling around to find a specific set of tires for my car, since it is all wheel drive and needed them to be the same as what was on the vehicle prior.As I called around to several other tire shops within the West Las Vegas area, I had no luck whatsoever until I called the 7735 W Sahara Ave Las Vegas, NV 89117 store.Jeremy answered, and was incredibly helpful. I explained to him the situation, and he let me know about the buy two get two promotion, as well as the Tire Works credit card. Since I didn't have quite enough money to get the four tires, I would need to get the credit card to be able to proceed.When I arrived to the store, Jeremy continued his excellent service. He approved me for credit minutes after I filled out the application, and he got the car started. Jesus, the technician also was amazing, and did an excellent job with the vehicle. I told them that I was going to be taking the vehicle for a long trip for my grandmother's funeral the next weekend, and needed to make sure it was ready.I would have never thought to come to Tire Works and receive this incredible level of service. I work in the automotive service industry, and have great passion for both aspects, of course. I will strongly encourage others to come here, and plan on having the guys do suspension work and tires for as long as I am living in the area!
1	Nothing but a scam .These businesses at several of their locations all give different prices for their services .I called for a front end allignment and three locations all gave me different prices . Stay away from Tire Works because they are into ripping you off at every angle , they assume your ignorant and you know  nothing about car repairs whatsoever . The funny  thing was I had my allignment checked on  my Mercedes C250 and they said it was off but as you know on most of these imports like Mercedes and BMW  they offset the suspensions so the wheels turn inward so you will always go through tires a lot quicker and make it seem like your alignment is off .To understand offset, one must first find two locations on the wheel. The centerline is the line running around and through the barrel of the wheel, marking the center of its width. The mounting face, or axle pad is the flat surface on the back side of the wheel's plate, which stays in contact with the car's rotors when the wheel is tightened on. The distance between these two locations, measured in millimeters, is the offset.As the mounting face contacts the rotors, the offset will therefore determine how much of the wheel is dish, as well as exactly where the wheel sits in the wheel well. When the mounting plate is on the inboard side of centerline, towards the suspension, this is called negative offset. The wheel will probably have a very deep dish, and will sit farther out from the suspension. When the face is outboard of centerline, this positive offset will generally mean a shallower dish, and the wheel will sit farther in towards the suspension. Zero offset means the face is directly on the centerline.Backspacing:A related concept to offset, backspacing is simply the space between the mounting face and the inboard flange of the wheel. Backspacing therefore depends on both the overall width of the wheel's barrel and the offset of the wheel, or where exactly the mounting plate is in relation to that width. As offset determines where the wheel will sit within the wheel well, backspacing determines how much of the wheel will protrude inboard beyond the rotor and towards the suspension components.As you can see then, if you have wheels on a car with substantial negative offset, they will be deep-dish wheels that usually will sit out from the edge of the wheel well. Backspacing will generally be somewhat low with the mounting face closer to the back edge of the wheel, unless the wheel is unusually wide, so the wheel and tire have plenty of space to clear the suspension. However if you were to replace those wheels with a more positive offset wheel or a wider one with more backspacing, this will put much more of the wheel towards the back side of the wheel well, and can easily cause the inboard side of the wheel or tire to rub against the suspension. Nothing good ever comes of that. I've seen hundreds of wheels and tires destroyed by bad offset decisions. A very light tire rub, or tires that just make contact on turns can be almost unnoticeable until a tire blows out. This is why these two concepts are among the most important to understand when replacing your wheels.STAY AWAY FROM TIRE WORKS THEY ARE A RIPP OFF .....
1	I you've read any other bad reviews, believe it.  This place sucks!  They're just here to get most out of you.  Warranty's not legit.  They'll figure out a way to go around it.  I suggest Costco or discount tires.  Taking advantage of an already sucky situation.  Don't bother calling main office.  They suck too!
5	Went into Tire Works yesterday for an oil change. Matthew, one of the managers  was super friendly and helpful. The entire  team working there was friendly and positive, Overall very professional and clean environment. I will most definitely be  back  for future services. They have  great coupon values too! I saved a lot of money compared to other competitors.
5	Went to this Tire Works to see if I needed an alignment.  Matt was honest and up front when I explained my car's inability to drive a straight line... He then showed me that the shakes and vibrations was a crack in the tread of my tire.  Knowing I needed tires within the month anyway, I agreed to purchase one.  At first I was just going to replace one of them to save on costs, but Matt ended up giving me a great deal to replace them all.  Low and behold the problem no longer existed.  Granted I still needed an alignment (from my own neglect), Matt helped me fix a problem that I wouldn't have noticed until my tires popped!! Great customer service, excellent overall experience!
4	We had purchased tires here years ago, so when I ran into a "split" tire (was not sure what was going on before I brough it in) on a run-flat tire, I kind of knew this would be the first stop to attempt to fix. I'm a girl and my husband was out of town, so I was handling this myself.  Despite it kind of being a long day there (because they were short staffed or something), these guys (especially Chris at the desk) could not have been nicer.  They educated me on what was going on, showed me exactly what the problem was, talked me through possible options to replace.  Very unintimidating, up front with expenses, honest.  I think Carlos was the service tech who worked on my car and he too was approachable, down to earth, educating and I liked that.  I would absolutely refer people to Tire Works Total Car Care on W. Sahara.  I felt like I was well taken care of and felt like they were good about making sure I understood what was going on.  THANKS CHRIS and CARLOS!
5	The staff was amazing they gave me a discount from $130 for a new tire to $95 I was in and out in 15 minutes and they put washer fluid in because I was completely out Id give them 10 stars if yelp allowed it I highly recommend tire works to EVERYONE!!!!
