4	As one idiot savante said once about life, this store is like a box of chocolates.  Why? Because you never know what you'll find here.  I've been coming to this Craig Road drug store since 2008 when I visit family.  It's only about 2 miles from my sister's house. And it's like 7-11 when I need something quick, like men's grooming stuff, sodas, magazines for my flight back to OC, snacks, and medicine.  Some of my relatives have even had prescriptions filled when their regular pharmacist was closed.  At times, there might be up to 4-5 people in line but most of the time, I'm in an out of there faster than I can eat a chocolate.  It's catty corner from the Mormon run Desert Industries Thrift store, and across Craig from the Shell station. In Christmas 2011, CVS actually helped save my Christmas.  The family gathered in Vegas like we always do. I bought my mom what she wanted, a not too fancy black or grey rain repellent jacket from the mall.  Since I didn't want her to have to return it, I gave it to her on Christmas Eve, early in case something was wrong.  And nothing was really wrong...it's just that she hinted she preferred a jacket with a detachable hood.  "Oh, this hood isn't detachable.." Even clueless me can take that hint. Like any good son or daughter, it was a mad sprint to the car and mall. I went back to the mall, which I hated.  Driving there I felt like a cab driver in New York City, everyone was rude, crude, and stressed. No  one had the right size or color...all their stuff was picked over.  Frustrated, defeated, and driving back, I took a break and went into this CVS store for a soda, and checked out their boxed cologne sets.  Like a "Miracle on 3655 Craig Road", there was a rain repellent jacket, medium weight, in black, with a detachable hood.  Clothing at CVS?  Exactly what she wanted for $20!  And I had a few $20's to give her for gambling at Aliante casino. And, I will just refund the other jacket  in Cali since I have the receipt.  The cashier was brand new, but really nice. And during Christmas mass above her imported silk dress, my mom wore the new inexpensive and very useful coat from CVS, the Coat Value Store.  Not really, but it was a good day.
5	Very quick service!! I was a new customer to the pharmacy, and had a new Rx to fill, and I was in and out in about 15 minutes!! I know that may not be the case every time but I was impressed!!
