5	This bike shop is a cool little place.  It's conveniently located in Oakland and does sales, repairs, as well as plans some events for the cycling community here in Pittsburgh.  I am a mountain biker, so I haven't really gone to any events, but I am sure they're fun!Got my bike tuned up (she was in such neglected shape, I'm sorry!!!!) there for around $45.  It was worth it, they did it quickly and well and didn't come up with any bogus things that needed to be fixed (unlike some other shops I've been to).  I'll definitely be going back here if needed!You can even enjoy a margarita at Mad Mex which is a block or so away while you wait.  :D  Just don't bike (too) drunk!
1	I will never set foot in this store ever again after today.  About three weeks ago I brought my bike to them after a friend suggested the store to fix a warped chain that was extremely annoying.  Upon inspection from the guys, the gears were also wearing very poorly because of the warped chain, so they suggested to replace those too.  I figured why not, might as well get the whole assembly fixed up nice.  They needed to order one part, which would take about a week.  The following Thursday I get a phone call that the part was in and I immediately brought my bike to the shop for them to fix and I left it with them.  Before I left, I asked about how long they thought it would take to fix it.  I was told they would try to get to it on Friday, and if not I'd have it early next week.Great!  I'm all excited, it's just gonna suck to have to walk everywhere for a few days, but it'll be worth it.  So 4th of July weekend comes and goes, didn't get my bike on Friday, (Monday was the 4th) Tuesday, or Wednesday.  So on Thursday, I call and they tell me that they've been very busy and backed up and shorthanded and they didn't come in over the holiday weekend to work.  He can't give me an exact update other than there are only 3 bikes ahead of mine.  No call Thursday.  On Friday I call again.  It's now a week after they told me I should expect my bike.  They inform me that they should be getting to it that day.  Low and behold, late afternoon I get a phone call that it's ready.  At 5 after work, I go and pick it up.  I pay them and I ride home without a problem.  Yesterday, I rode to work without a problem.  When I went home last night, the gears started skipping.  I wasn't having this problem before they fixed the bike though, so I was very confused.  This morning, I'm on my way to work, just pulling out of my street onto Neglley and the gears skipped in the middle of the road.  I also got hit!!  Scared the hell out of me.  A normal 10 minute bike ride took close to 20 minutes because I couldn't get proper power out of my bike.Today at 11, when the shop opened, I was their first customer.  I brought the bike in and the tech took a look at the chain and said one of the links was busted.  The chain is 4 days old.  So he fixed it free of charge by just replacing the broken link.  Either way, I don't like the fact that a chain broke so easily.  I paid over $120 for them to keep my bike for a week and for me to have to go back a few days later because something they replaced had already broke.Like I said at the top, I'll never go back...
4	My experience with Iron City is good, actually excellent - though not perfect. I got the brainy idea to bike to work, 22 or 50 miles depending on whether or not I used PAT's bike rack for part of the trip. I met the crew at Iron City when I took my Bike Friday Hyper-fold Tikit in for its first tune up. That was 3 years and 3,000+ miles ago. They did a nice job and had an eye for detail, "Did that Friday come with the King headset?" Over the years they have done a complete overhaul and all manner of repair. Because the Tikit was manufactured with a defect I suffered through some frame issues and the Iron City guys were my advocates every step of the way. They typically give me a discount on special order parts and, surprise surprise, nearly everything for the Tikit is special order. They often build bikes for customers - this frame, that bottom bracket etc, etc and have a loyal following of bicycle junkies. I was sorry to see Luke leave for a different job but Steve (as kind a soul as ever drew a breath) and Bob (the owner) were both there the last time I was in. I'm sorry that Andrew G. had such a bad experience. I'm sure that getting hit by a car is no fun. I suggest asking Bob to make things right. I have to agree with Aaron Jacob W that the gentlemen at Iron City are extreme. They are extremely knowledgable. They are also characters and Bob can have an edge. I can live with that and I prefer to not live without Iron City Bikes.P.S. I'm lying about valet parking.
5	i have only gone there for help when i could't fix things on my own, unbelievable sincere and useful help. i was told not to replace things i thought were the cause of my issues! and only paid $15 for the guy to fix what i had set up incorrectly. it was a relief to not get sold things i didnt need, especially when i went in prepared to buy a bunch of parts. thanks guys!!!!
5	Friendly guys and quality tuning.  Would highly recommend. Price was also very reasonable.
5	Outstanding customer service,friendly and knowledgeable staff,best prices around.If you shop elsewhere,you are a bad person,and should feel bad.
5	It doesn't get better than this... I love this spot. The guys are direct and honest (which will save you time and hassle, trust... no one here is trying to fleece you, and they are definitely more qualified to work on your bike than, say, you... or me...)I love their style, I love their gear.... I even like the location. OK, I'm gushing, I'll stop.(Full disclosure: not a gargantuan selection of new bikes... but that's not what they advertise, either. What they do have is great stuff. And they will lead you to the right bike, so like I said... trust!)
5	Awesome! Dudes are super nice and they helped me figure out what I wanted (since I really needed help deciding). Had my bike ordered and all the accessories put on for me when I came in to pick it up! Thanks Bob!
5	I live just outside DC, but traveled to Pittsburgh in mid-September so that I could ride the full length of the GAP and C&O Canal, Pittsburgh to DC.  I had already shipped my bike to the FedEx on Forbes (much cheaper than checking it on my flight).  The FedEx guys were very nice, and let me reassemble my bike inside their store.So I got my bike almost fully assembled - but then discovered  that I did not know how to reattach the brake cables.  You can't do a 360-mile ride without brakes!  Fortunately, before my trip I had googled to see if there was a bike shop nearby, just in case I needed emergency repairs.  So I thanked the FedEx guys, and walked my bike the several blocks to Iron City Bicycles.They already had a backlog of repairs, and initially said that they couldn't look at my bike for another day or two.  But I had to be on the trail the next morning, and couldn't wait that long.  So Chris, one of the mechanics, quickly showed me how to reattach the brake cables.  Had I left at that point, I would have been in for a nasty surprise - because my front derailleur cable had been broken during shipment, and I hadn't noticed it.  But Chris did, and though he didn't have the proper cable housing in stock, he still managed to  get it repaired - and I didn't have any troubles with shifting over the entire five-day journey.  Initially he wasn't even going to charge me, but I insisted that he take something - so we settled on $8.  That would never happen in DC!While Chris was working on the cable, I got to chat with the owner about our respective experiences riding the Canal towpath.  He even gave me a fistful of ICB decals when I left, one of which now proudly adorns my bike's rear rack.A very cool shop, with helpful and friendly guys working in it.  Highly recommended.
5	So, I'm a bike rider and commute to and back from work everyday- except not it the recent awful weather (damn this winter!). I have been going to these guys for repairs for years after having some bad experiences with a couple of other places in the East End (I may write some not-so-good reviews for them soon). Important to note: I am a biker, but I am not apart of the biker subculture. I don't know everything there is to know about bikes and bike repairs, and I absolutely HATE the pretentiousness of some of the people who work at other bike stores. It makes me not want to take my bike in when it needs repaired because I feel like an idiot. However, I tried these guys 3 or 4 years ago, and they have been amazing to me. There are no hangups about lack bike or part aptitude, and I don't feel guilty about walking in and saying, "It won't work" :) The guys here have always been super helpful, articulate and careful not to offend my (obviously) sensitive self. The repairs have always been relatively cheap and I have never felt ripped off. Furthermore, I just purchased a used road bike after moving back into the country, and I took it straight to them. They altered the brake lines a bit, pumped up the tires, gave me an oral diagnostic, and didn't charge me a dime. I told them that in the future I would never take the bike anywhere else for repairs, and that I would tell all of my friends to give them their business. With this review I'm keeping up my end of the bargain. Thanks Iron City!
5	These guys are great!  I stop by every now and then to use their pump to pump up my tires, and occasionally for repairs/tune-ups and to buy bike accessories.  They're super-knowledgeable about bikes and friendly without being condescending, which I greatly appreciate (I ride a Diamondback Topanga that I bought from Craigslist shortly after moving to PGH).  For the purchases I've made, I feel they're reasonably priced, esp. compared to some of the other bike shops around town.  My only minor complaint is that they can be a bit scatterbrained and/or inattentive at times, but I'll give them a pass, since they're so helpful most of the time.  Also, when I had my bike repaired a few months ago, they were a couple days later than they said they'd be--but they've performed other repairs that were ready within a matter of hours.  I'd highly recommend this place for all of your cycling needs, regardless of how serious--or not--you are about the hobby!
