3	This Golf Course is the most convenient one for me to get to a practice range, so I'm here frequently.  It's a small course tucked away in Sun City Summerlin.  Here's the breakdown of the track:PROS- Relatively cheap.  You can get on the course for $20-$25 during the Summer.- Nice practice facility.  It's small, but rarely gets crowded.  There's an option to hit off of mats or grass, which is nice.  There's a small practice green too.- It's a nice course for a mid to high level handicap player (15+)....because it's a short course (see CONS).- Decent condition.  This golf course is kept in nice shape throughout the year.CONS- It's a short course.  6,512 yds from the tips, 6,017 from the white, 5,579 from the gold....ladies tees are 5,099.- Limited food selection.  There's not much in terms of food....a small snack bar.- Limited pro-shop.  They have the basics, but nothing worth purchasing.  They don't have too many high end products here.- Sometimes there is no beer cart on the course.  This happens when the course is slow....they won't bother to send out a beer cart.  I don't drink while playing, but I like to have a few Gatorades & Water.Overall, it's not too bad.  Great course for beginners or if you want to sharpen up your short and mid-range irons.Will I return?  Probably.
4	Spectacular and breathtaking views of the strip and valley.  Conditions of greens and fairway were super solid.  Challenging but not impossible for a rookie like me.  Fast cart. Great club rentals.  Great price via Groupon.  Would golf here every time @ the price we got it for-=$35. Great course.  Not busy either.  22-25 min ride from Mid Strip
1	I agree with the other reviewers that there are some nice views of the strip and that this is mostly a short course for beginners. However, neither mentioned how there is no drinking water anywhere on the course. There was no cart girl, and there was no Marshall coming around to give water. Charging 40 bucks in 100 degree heat and they can't afford to give some water bottles or put out some water stands? I say incompetence. This course had just punched their greens recently so i can't judge what the greens are like in good conditions. The highlight of my experience came when i started the round on the first hole and i saw some guy driving my direction on the right side of the fairway. I just figured he had hit a bad shot from the 9th hole and was looking for his ball because the pro shop had made it clear that we weren't supposed to drive on the fairway in the first 9 holes. He ends up driving back to the cart path on the first hole and then starts walking out to the right side of the fairway. I had no clue what he was doing but he pointed at my ball and i hit it and kept going. Then for the next 5 holes he played as fast as he could to ride my ass. I then figured out that he was actually playing the first hole and i hadn't asked him to play through or anything. Well, after the round was done and i was putting my clubs in the car, he drives over in his cart and says "hey you stupid kid, why didn't you ask me to play through on the first hole?" I was like, "cuz i thought you were on a different hole, this is my first time playing this course and i had no clue what you were doing." Then he gave me an evil stare and says "bull shit" and turned around and drove quickly away. I went to complain but the golf shop was already closed, i came to find out his name is Gorden and he is actually a Marshall there who happened to be playing golf. He must not be making enough to afford golf on his social security so he had to take a job as a Marshall to get free golf. Boy do i feel sorry for anyone who has to put up with that fat old loser.Would i suggest anyone to play this course? Definitely not and I will make sure to take my complaints to every social media site possible and decrease revenue as much as possible for any course who treats their guests as this course did to me.
5	I actually really liked this course. It's a short course but it's still somewhat challenging, though for a really good golfer I'm sure it would be an easy course. The views on some of the holes are spectacular...especially on the 14th hole, a par 3 with almost a 360 view of the Vegas Valley. There are also some fun elevation changes, which is always a plus for me. Customer service was great from everyone I ran into. Make sure to get ice from the restaurant since the coolers on the carts don't have any. Warm drinks don't work to well when golfing in the summer. Overall, a really good experience and I would love to go back.
4	Very nice course. $30 in the summer with some stunning views of the mountains. Very well manicured on most holes and friendly staff. Cart service was great with $2 PBR's and free water refills.
3	I like playing here, I normally do well. Folks there are always nice, clubhouse a little older but the course is in good shape. Plenty of challenges on the course make for interesting day if you're not careful.
1	THIS PLACE SUCKS! STAY AWAY!!! They lie about their loyalty program. Every time I play here I have argue with club house people just to get what they promise in their promotions. My hard earned dollar is going somewhere else. Not worth the hassle for lame course with very limited services. I recommend Angel Park much better customer service & golf experience.
5	For the price and the quality of Golf.....you're not going to get any better. Open fairways, great views and an extremely good value. Check out hole #14. Best view on the course! Awesome par 3.....will not disappoint!
