4	Small Indian restaurant with small lunch buffet selection, but hey, I'm in Charlotte and need to be flexible. Dishes are tasty - about half veg and half with meat. Naan is brought fresh tableside. Friendly staff. Have not tried the place for dinner.
4	Great props to this strip-center Indian restaurant!Randomly decided to give it a go at lunch.  The buffet on a whole was quite good.  The manager indicated that they keep the staples and switch out other dishes to mix it up.  The switch it up items are where they shine.  Everything had great great flavor and spices.  PLUS (this is big one for me), they're not afraid of using spices.  The food wasn't "dumbed" down to satisfy  normal joe-blow-american.  Definitely some elements of heat to the items, but more so flavor.Most definitely taking my husband back for this place.  It's worth the drive.
4	Cafe Nirvana is my favorite Indian restuarant in the area and there are a few around that I would rate as very good. The servers are always helpful and accomodating. My favorite dishes here are Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Shahi Khorma, and Chicken Vindaloo. We've had several different appetizers that are very good as well.   I also like the decor and the overall atmosphere of the place.
3	I went to charlotte to visit my old friend.and we went to this restaurant for lunch and we found that the place is filled with lot of people...and i found this place a bit expensive ...and the food was ok.may be ok if you want to have some diverse food once in a while...
4	I like Cafe Nirvana, like the atmosphere, the professionalism of the staff (younger servers that remind me of the tight lipped servers in India).  For my Indian brothers and sisters:  They have a few good choices in addition to the standard Punjabi menu.  If you are into Indian Chinese and can't make it out to Independence, try their Manchurian, not bad at all.  I also tried the eggplant and northern daal, chicken curry and Korma.  Everyone in the party, including a very picky Ba, enjoyed their meal.  They also have the ability to accommodate Jains if needed.  Might be a little expensive for take-out, but nice if you live around the corner, its an easy way to avoid cooking.
5	I was in the restaurant on the day that the previous posted said that the "staff was very rude" for asking her to leave due to her child having a screaming fit. This is not the case. The staff was very understanding and sympathetic, but the "mommy" could not have cared less. She has that typical Charlotte parent attitude that her children have the right to be spoiled brats as long as she is a paying customer. I heartily applaud the staff at Cafe Nirvana for coming to the rescue of the other customers and getting her and her brat out of the place!
1	God-awful food. Truly the worst Indian food I have ever had anywhere, and I have eaten at a ton of mediocre Indian buffets across this vast country of ours and abroad.I really wanted to like this place. My husband had asked two Indian colleagues of his where to go for dinner as we'd had a not good experience at Jaipur and were looking for something much better. They both mentioned this place, although neither actually recommended it.The atmosphere is welcoming: hip, mostly Desi crowd of all ages, really nice staff, attractive space. Service was friendly but took forever, and when you are dining with a small child that is a distinct problem.But the food, oh dear, the food. EVERY last dish, and we ended up ordering 6 after 2 were taken back and replaced, was overwhelmingly sweet. Dishes that should have been creamy, or spicy or piquant were instead just sweet. A cauliflower appetizer we ordered was breaded, deep fried and smothered in tomato ketchup. Other than tasting of  ketchup it was some sort of deep fried bio-mass.Our server took away 2 of the plates as I mentioned, and tried to make it up to us by bringing other items, but the meal couldn't be salvaged. We all felt sick afterward.Even with taken 2 entrees off our tab it was still close to $80. Crazy prices for a horrible meal and much more than we are used to spending on Indian food.Cannot in good conscience recommend this place.
4	Buffet is average. Service is better than most other Indian restaurants in the Charlotte area. Order off the menu to taste what Cafe Nirvana has to offer. And that is, its better than the average Indian restaurant, but definitely not in the best category. My favorite - spicy lamb biriyani. Better than any I've had in Charlotte, NC. Hence the 4*s. :)
5	By far the best Indian cuisine I've had in Charlotte.  Far better than Woodlands or Saffron.  The lunch buffet is fine (and a good deal for the price) but their dinners are quite a bit better.
3	The Saturday buffet runs until about 2:30.  This is a cute little restaurant and I was was pleased with the selection of items.  I wasn't crazy for the samosa's or the spicy onion salad, but the rest was good.  The tikka masala, fish curry, dahl, and curried garbanzo beans were tasty.  The tikka masala hit the spot.  It's in Ballantyne, right off of Lancaster Highway in a fairly new shopping plaza.  Good service and frienly staff.  I would go back.
5	Best Indian food in the Charlotte area. Beats Copper, Blue Taj, and Saffron by a country mile, when you take into consideration the quality AND the value. This little restaurant is family owned and operated. If you have a first timer, take them for dinner and not the buffet. You don't want a first timers experience to be a bad one; they will always associate that experience with the cuisine they had, and not try it again. In my opinion, Indian food (and most food, in general) loses alot of it's luster when it's left in a hotel pan to steam away...and unfortunately, this restaurant is not visible enough (it's in a strip mall) to warrant the volume of traffic that requires them to turn the buffet over with any quickness. Never had bad service at this restaurant, and the food has always been fresh and perfectly seasoned. I had a work function here once, and my company rented out the restaurant. I was literally cut off by my boss from taking anymore lamb skewers from the buffet they had prepared. Apparently, the company was being charged per hotel pan, and I had already consumed my limit of 3....pans. :) The sauces and curries here are like drugs...you can't stop consuming!
1	Avoid Avoid AvoidThe chicken apps and chicken entree that I had for dinner were reheated chicken from the lunch buffet. Overcooked or should I say over-re-cooked. If you don't want awful twice-cooked to death food then you should skip Cafe Nirvana. Also, the rice was terrible. It tasted like it was made with dishwater. I'm giving this place a one star review only because yelp doesn't have a rating that is lower.Copper is where you really want to go. Not Cafe Nirvana. Avoid Avoid Avoid
5	I easily hands down agree that this is the best Indian food in Charlotte.  My wife and I make a point to keep them in our rotation.  We love the Samosa and the Samosa Chat to start our dinner off on a good note.  The Chennai Chicken and Chicken Palak are some of our favorite dishes along with cheese or garlic naan.  We have tried many items on the menu and nothing has ever been less than amazing.  On top of having the best indian food in Charlotte, the service here is exceptional from the manager all the way to the servers, everyone here is great.  Mango ice cream is a great way to finish off you dinner and I look forward to trying the apricot bread pudding and other deserts that look delicious.
3	It was a nice bright and sunny day....the day that India won the 2011 World Cup.  And based on a recommendation from a fellow foodie...I wanted to try out Cafe Nirvana.  So, plugged in the GPS and let my wheels drive me 40 minutes south to try the buffet.  It was almost closing time...had about 30 minutes to eat.  The buffet was still stocked pretty well.  I started out with my vegetarian plate....all was good.  Especially with the nice basket of naan.  Second trip...went non-veg to taste some of the chicken dishes.  It was good also.  Third trip...a mixture of veg and non-veg...food was still hot....and good.  OK...just enough room for mango ice cream for dessert.  All good!  It was buffet and one server was very nice to let me know the buffet was shutting down!  Great lunch experience in the south!
2	We drove 30 mins from North Charlotte to Cafe Nirvana on a Saturday evening. It just wasn't worth the drive or the money!. The food was below average, service was worse than the food!. The prices simply don't justify the quality of food or the service that is offered. This is one place that will not see me again.If you want good quality, authentic indian food... AVOID this place!
1	Service - Horrible. Food - Average. Prices - Good (For the Buffet), Overpriced (for ala carte). I've been a regular at this place simple because of the lack of indian options in the area, and everytime I go, I've found myself promising never to go again. The staff has the worst attitude I've seen in any restaurant at Charlotte. The buffet timings keep changing everyday - and the staff will heckle you consistently to speed up your eating. The absolute last straw was last weekend - when I was told be a staff member, that the buffet closes at in half an hour, but the entire buffet spread was already exhausted! On requesting that the spread be refill - I was told the kitchen is already closed! Serving an empty buffet? On another date, I was served Dosas instead of Naans, since the Tandoor was broken down. And the staff didn't bother informing customers that they cannot supply 'bread' on the buffet, before they rudely find out themselves! This place is best avoided. The only thing I can thank Nirvana is about is pushing me to join Yelp and post a review. Bad service, Below Average food. Thumbs down!
4	I can't believe all the bad reviews for this place.  We tried Nirvana after our friends (our Indian friends) told us this was the best Indian food in Charlotte.  I think they're right.  Saw a lot of Indians eating here too, so that probably tells you something.  Downside for us was that it's so far south of Charlotte, it's practically in Florida.  And it's in a strip mall and easy to drive past at night.Cool music was playing when we dined on a Saturday night.  Must have been a radio show and the DJ unexpectedly dropped an F bomb.  I saw some 10 year-old kid perk up and grin at the next table - her parents didn't catch it.  So then the music was changed but it was still good.  A really weird blend of Indian and chill jazz and maybe even a little Teen Disney mixed together.  I don't know - it was bizarre but fun.One of the guys working here should be nicknamed "two minutes".  That's what he told us before we were seated.  And then he told us that again when it was almost time for our food to come out.  And then he said it again when we asked for a to-go box.  OK,  enough - on with the review of the FOOD. Everything was really fresh.  Our friends suggested the naan bread and it didn't disappoint.  We also tried the 65 Chicken appetizer - wow, really tender chicken in succulent spices.  Entrees were lamb pasanda and rogonjosh - both were fantastic.  Plenty of rice (came with the meal).  Service was great.  We used a Groupon and weren't shamed for doing so, as some restaurants seem to take pleasure in doing.I hear their buffets are really good too.  If looking for Indian food in the Charlotte area (in the really south Charlotte area), well worth a visit.
1	We waited two hours for our dinner.  They did not care! And even when we got our food it wasn't made to our taste. The waiters were running around like they didn't know what they were doing. I would never go there... Unless you want to starve.
5	I ate at cafe nirvana last Sunday with my sister. I have tried several Indian restaurants in CLT only to be disappointed, so I didn't have high hopes. I asked the manager for his suggestions and he was very helpful. I ended up with one of the chicken curry dishes. My sister had the Chicken Tika. We also ordered the Samosa's, naan, and the onion naan. All of the food was fantastic. As a chef and someone who has traveled extensively, I am very particular about food when eating out. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who like flavorful, authentic ethnic food. I also commented on the music to the manager and he offered to copy a cd of Baliwood music for me.
4	I love this place. It's the place for birthdays and celebratory meals in my home. The food is amazing and they always ask how spicy I want it. More than once I have asked for recommendations and they are spot on. I also tried a Mango milkshake this time around and it was great! A real treat for my taste buds. I tend to have Saag Paneer as it is my favorite, but also the Chloe batura, and 7 Jewels of India Korma are good.The music is very nice and not too bollywood and not to jazzy. Blends well.And I love the clean lines of the restaurant, it's very modern.
5	I travel a lot for business so initially the name did not inspired me to try it. I was wrong. The food is excellent. Every time I have been there on Sundays for lunch there were more Indians as patrons than westerners, that would give credit to my "best Indian in town" ranking.
3	I was here a month ago with some of my colleagues. Being a vegetarian, I went with the paneer tikka, which I should say was excellent. The dal makhani however left a lot to be desired and would probably give a single star. My other colleagues who ordered some chicken dishes, said that the fare was excellent.The ambience was great, the soft lighting and the light music almost give a candle light type of effect. The service was generally good and prompt. I went here last week along with my family and I came back much disappointed. Am slowly beginning to realize that this might be a great place for non-veg fare and probably a three star fare for vegetarian options. Like one of the yelper pointed out, we missed this place when we drove by somewhat late in the night, it is easy to miss the entrance to this center.
5	We've been fairly disappointed with the Indian food in the Charlotte area, so we stopped in to Nirvana with low expectations. We left with a new go-to place for Indian. AtmosphereThe atmosphere is slightly upscale, though it's comfortable enough for jeans and a nice shirt. Nice Indian music was playing and we had a comfortable booth by the window. The place is smallish, in a typical plaza storefront box, but done very nicely. ServiceWe received service on par with other Indian restaurants I've been to. That is to say, it was everything you need and nothing more. I'm a fan of this, as I am there to eat and not chit chat with an overzealous waiter. FoodPerfect. Everything was delicious. Rich sauces without being too rich. Buttery Naan bread without being too buttery. Filling without being too heavy. Complex layers of flavor that make you think that Indian chefs are magicians more than chefs. We had the Naan bread where you get to pick 3. My favorite was the fruit and nut Naan, it was like a mildly sweet dessert. Everything was perfectly cooked and stunningly delicious. My wife and I ordered 1 appetizer, 1 meal and the Naan, and left full and had enough for leftovers.CostWe found it to be a bit more expensive than other Indian restaurants in the area, but well worth it for the increased quality and taste. If you are in the Ballentine area (slightly north?) it's a great place for a fantastic dinner.Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: Tina Fey. She would butcher the names of the food but she'd eat it like there's no tomorrow.  Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: I'll just tilt my head back and you can cram as much malai kofta in there as possible.
5	Favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte hands down.  Love the saag, kofta, garlic naan. My husband loves the chili chicken. Service is always good. They have a nice waitstaff. We haven't tried their buffets yet but overall highly recommend.
4	Charlotte Indian restaurants are disappoitning. Cafe Nirvana, however, is a pleasant surprise. The buffet is much better in taste, variety and price than the Blue Taj down the street.
1	Absolutely dreadful service. Waited an hour for food after ordering without being served. Refills on water and naan were nonexistent. To top that all off, they told us they were out of tea 20 minutes after I ordered it. Who is out of tea at an Indian restaurant and why did it take 20 minutes to tell me about it? I won't be frequenting them again.
5	After reading all the reviews we decided to go for it!! I am so glad we did!! Great Dosa!! Great service from our server Joe!! And mutton biryani was really authentic!! So lad we found Nirvana!! Thanks Yelpers!! You rock!!
1	My husband and I were craving Indian food and our "go-to" place was not open for lunch. We remembered a friend of ours telling us about Cafe Nirvana so we decided to check it out. My husband and I were not greeted as we entered the restaurant, nor were we even acknowledged for several minutes. Finally, one of the three workers seated us. Having never been to Cafe Nirvana, we did not know that we could just help ourselves to the buffet. A worker brought us two waters, but did not ask if we wanted anything else to drink. I asked another worker if the buffet was the only option and she said that we could also order from the menu. However, no menu was ever brought to us. Buffet it is! My husband went first, as I had to stay with our little one. He returned, telling me to make sure I got a clean plate, as some of them had food particles on them. He hardly had any food on his plate. When I asked him why, he said that there was not much food on the buffet. When I went up to get my food, several of the dishes were empty. We had to ask for chicken tikka masala at least three times before it was brought out. Several other patrons in the restaurant appeared to be upset about this as well as other issues including dirty glasses, old-tasting naan and the restaurant not honoring a coupon. Oh, and I forgot to mention that one of the workers had her two children at work with her. They were running around the restaurant, going outside, and playing with the food on the buffet. What little food that was on the buffet was also being served to the worker's kids. When we went to pay for our meals, we were told that we had to wait 5-10 minutes because the computer was down! What food we did get to eat tasted good, but the service was unbelievably horrible! My husband and I will NOT be going back!!
1	Limited buffet items and they did't taste good at all. Its very expensive compared to others Indian restaurants in Charlotte.
4	I actually really love this place. I ordered delivery through foodie call from them one night and was pleasantly surprised by the food. It was actually pretty good! So I decided to take two friends with me one Saturday to try their buffet. I did read the yelp reviews and noticed where one person said Sunday is the day to go "if you are brown". So I am definitely going to have to try them on a Sunday because their buffet (which I'm usually not a fan of) was really good on Saturday. Most places tone down the heat etc in their food for the Americans and it was actually not completely tasteless like most. I prefer my Indian food to be spicier but I could still get a hint of a kick out of it. We all really enjoyed the food and they had good choices and even some things I've never had before on the buffet. I'm not sure about the price as a friend paid for me and my roommate but I think it was very reasonable. I suggest checking them out if you live in the area!! Only downside is their vindaloo is a little watery if you order delivery. The tikka masala and korma travel well though!!
2	Had high hopes of finding good Indian since being jaded by blue tajs overpriced food. Having travelled India loads.. Here is my quick reviewTerrible service, waited an hour!!Indian families who can after us were served firstGot handed a dirty plateRaita and shrimp curry was alright, more South Indian style bit sweet, like sambarNot mind blowing Tried chicken curry too just so so, stomach started feeling bit strange. Got bill when we weren't done. Don't recommend this place.
4	Is this Indian food authentic?  I have no clue.  I'm not qualified to make such statements.  My expertise is in "food good" or "food not good".  And Cafe Nirvana?  Food GOOD!We came on a Friday night to a packed restaurant.  We were the only ones not of Indian descent, so that may answer the question about authenticity.  Papads - Similar to receiving chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant to tide you over, they served us Papads. Crispy wafer type bread with two contrasting sauces: sweet plum sauce and a vibrant green type salsa puree.  We were hesitant to try them at first, but they were wonderful. So many unexpected flavor explosions in my mouth!Mango Lassi - All the children had a tall glass of what looked like an orange smoothie, so of course we wanted it too.  It was delicately sweet and thick and full of mango yumminess.  The first sip even made my husband stray from his usual vernacular and proclaim the beverage "delightful!" (with a notable high pitched inflection).Kashmiri Naan - We really should have saved this one for dessert.  Imbedded with fruits and nuts, it was really a treat.Tandoori Chicken Half - This was listed as an appetizer.  I don't know why we thought that half a chicken was a proper sized appetizer but we ordered it anyways.  It was charbroiled and tasty.Chicken Tikka Masala - Jump on the bandwagon! Like all the reviewers before me, this is the entree to get!  Cubes of tender chicken breast in a creamy tomato based sauce.  The flavor is smooth and mellow and pairs perfectly with the fluffy white basmati rice.Navrattan Korma - This was our "healthy vegetarian dish".  Shows you how much I know about Indian food lol.  I don't know if it's the navrattan or the korma, but one of those words must mean super super rich cream sauce.  Don't get me wrong, it tasted great.  Nice and nutty flavor, but it was way too rich to eat as an entree on its own.  The overall experience was really nice.  The servers were a bit slow but they were very kind and we weren't in a hurry.   I recommend ordering family style, everything seems made perfectly for sharing :). Will definitely go there again!
1	I tried this restaurant for the first time yesterday and will never go back. Food was average. Service terrible. I was scammed on my bill. Check it carefully if you venture there. I also used a Groupon. They charged me a surcharge for using it that they said Groupon charged them; $3.00!!  Never have I not received full face value on a Groupon. I reported this to Groupon as well. I didn't argue, but took it out of the tip. Poor business practice. Owner Signed  up with Groupon to attract business and this is how they treat customer. We will not be back. Love Indian food, but this is substandard.
2	Buffet Is very bad .. Vada , gulab jamun is not cooked .. Rotis came so late .. Chicken briyani is not cooked . Noodles was soggy .. Papad chat was not fresh .. Dosa without chutney .. Jamun was in irregular shape n not cooked .
4	The lunch buffet is different everyday. The manager said Saturdays and Sundays are the best days to come. You can also check the menu of the day in fb.
