3	In the age of e-mail, you probably don't have a lot of need for the post office anymore. At least I don't. And yet I found myself recently in need of a money order (speeding ticket) and had no idea what to do--so I headed for the good 'ol post office on Park. I was expecting long lines, unfriendly employees and generally a hassle. What I got was the exact opposite: multiple employees who were extremely helpful, no lines, and efficient service. I actually killed two birds with one stone and sent a package while I was there--all very easy and hassle-free, which was great. So, yeah, don't be afraid to hit up the post office. It's night like going to the DMV anymore, apparently.
3	The joys of going to the post office and standing in line...thankfully, it's not an errand I regularly do. They sure get a lot of people in and out at this stop. As most post office location, the lunch hour is its rush hour. For the service and efficiency, 3 stars and nothing less. Each time I have gone, the longest I've waited was 15 minutes with the line halfway down the hall. The employees have been friendly too, which is a bonus.Just inside the door is the handy credit card or debit machine for your basic needs. If you have never used it before, sometimes they have a staff member helping out. The location is convenient; however, the parking lot is always a zoo.
3	A smaller and therefore extremely busy post office in the Park Road Shopping Center. It's by the "top" end of the strip, next to the Harris Teeter.Every time I've been in here, the staff was always super friendly and very helpful but there just aren't enough of them. At busier times (Christmas, Mondays and Fridays at lunch time), I've waited as long as a half hour.Lots of post office boxes and there's an automated machine for weighing packages and buying stamps, but it only accepts cards with a $1 minimum. No cash.
1	Mamadou was the most unhelpful, unfriendly employee I have encountered in a long time. My package was not tapped to his satisfaction and he said there was no tape he could let me use. This is as I observed 2 rolls within his reach. I left and came back. Paying for an entire roll of tape seemed insane.Then once paying for priority mail he tells me I can use his priority tape. Why wasn't that an option the first time?
1	Before I explain the customer service experience I had with a rep. at this location I want to clarify that this experience is for a rep. by the name of Sandra. What should have been a simple package transaction turned into a nightmare. After waiting in line for over 15 minutes Sandra was the rep. that was supposed to help me with mailing a package. I could not locate the appropriate mailing label and asked for assistance and was met with a disgruntled employee with the most horrendous attitude I've ever experienced. She proceeded to talk condescending to me, when I advised her that I felt she was acted rudely and unprofessional she went on to say that " Y'all expect us to do everything" " If y'all would just learn to read the labels" I was puzzled this is a woman that is supposed to help provide customer service and she was openly complaining about her job description. To make matters worse she not only insulted me but the other customers that were around because they were subjected to her vile attitude and remarks. Since Sandra was not able to assist a customer in line was kind enough to look with me for the appropriate label even she had trouble finding it initially. I have been doing business with the USPS for over 13 years and have never had a problem. The experience here was so horrible that I will never come back to this location it was just that bad. When I was here I requested to speak with a manager but Sandra rudely stated "she's not her today" I asked for her managers name and she provided it so quickly which tells me that she has not only had complaints before but even worse that management is not addressing her scathing behavior. I've always had so much respect for this institution and its employees but I have lost so much faith in the post office's ability to provide any future services for me. It is my request that Paris Cherry address Sandra's customer service skills so that another customer never has to go through what I through today.
2	Why is there ALWAYS a freakin' line out the door? Don't you think they could figure out that having 1 customer service agent during a peak time is a bad idea?! It doesn't help that everyone that works here seems to hate their job... *Le sigh*Pro tip: If you only need to ship an item, print shipping labels at home or use the machine out front. Save yourself some headache.
