5	What's not to love living here?! The center of downtown Phoenix with great views of our valley from every direction. Quality construction throughout and friendly staff to assist you in whatever you need. The non smoking building policy was exactly what my wife needed as she has asthma. We have owned many homes and have no desire to own any more. Thanks for providing such a great place to call home.
5	I have been here for almost two months now and it's almost impossible to say anything negative about Cityscape.  The location is fantastic - you can easily walk to the movies, the baseball stadium, US Airways Center, museums and many restaurants within minutes. Light rail is right outside the door. Travis and his team at Cityscape more than make up for any inconveniences that you might experience living downtown. They are very attentive to the needs of the residents and they are so accommodating that it almost defies belief. The concierge/doorman service is awesome and they always go above and beyond when providing assistance. The rents are actually very reasonable, especially when you consider the great service that you receive from the team. Security is awesome with controlled access to the residences to prevent unwelcome or unauthorized visitors from getting in to the building. I am quite discriminating when it comes to customer service and am usually the first one to call out bad service but there has been absolutely nothing to complain about !! Even though I've only been here 2 months I can't imagine not renewing my lease after the first year. If you have any doubts at all about living here I encourage you to take a tour, talk with Travis and Lindsey and the rest of the team. You just can't go wrong living here!!
1	Very expensive apartments with mostly cramped floor plans. It is conveniently located to where I needed to be daily, and I found one normal floor plan that I liked enough, so I decided to put in an application. I was forced to apply online with a non-refundable application fee of $51. One of the questions in the application asks if you have ever been convicted of a crime, and I disclosed that I had been convicted of a DUI. I then completed the application, paid the fee and was rejected within the hour bc it is a 'crime free' building.  They refused to refund my application fee. This is something that could have been easily avoided in person, and should have been properly refunded because I disclosed the information necessary for rejection myself. I feel like I was robbed of $51 by this overpriced residence. Also, telling someone that the building is 'crime free' might be a selling point for some, but it was insulting to me. Get some tact cityscape residences.
4	Had to file a BBB complaint, but they are giving me a full refund on my application.  Kudos to Travis at cityscape residences.I ended up at 44 Monroe for a bit cheaper and seemingly just as nice.
