5	The mission statement on their website reads: "One Voice Community Center serves as a cultural focal point uniting LGBT individuals and reinvests in the community by providing vital educational, social and wellness programs."I am so excited that Phoenix finally has a focal point for the LGBT community. We've gone ten years without one. Other big cities have centers like these. Chicago has the Center on Halsted, New York has The Center, L.A has the L.A. Gay and Lesbian Center. Phoenix now has One Voice. They offer discussion groups, HIV testing, classes, do fundraisers, will serve as a point of contact for people needing information about the LGBT community, etc. I hope this center becomes the hub for all things LGBT in the Valley. Diversity makes Phoenix a better city. The interior is wonderful: artwork from LGBT artists, leather couches, TVs, wi-fi, books. I would totally hang out here. They are open Mon, Wed, Friday and Saturday.
5	Classes, groups, testing and counseling. Community supported.
5	I am in grad school and needed a local place for resources on LGBT concerns. I live in the area so I headed over with a few classmates after calling and getting some basic information.  I explained what I was looking for and the extraordinarily nice person on the phone went through the myriad of services offered at the center in addition to explaining all the resources available.  After advising me that they have the largest LGBT concentration library in the U.S., I knew that my classmates and I would be hard pressed to find better place to begin our research.The center is very comfortable. When we arrived, we checked with the greeter and were directed towards the back, where we would find the library.  There is also a wall of information (literally) that has more resources and information on it than you could possibly imagine. There is not one square inch of space that is not fully utilized.For anyone that wants to start out slowly, the website has a fantastic calendar of events which outlines all the support groups for both people in the community as well as supporters or just anyone that wants more information. Some events have a small fee, many are free, and some accept an offering to off-set costs.As a future therapist, I am excited to know that this place is here and is so welcoming.
