3	The Works is like a mish mash of random, cheap books, toys, calendars and art supplies with the odd tourist tat thrown in.It is stupidly cheap and that is reflected in the crap that they sell. However it does come in handy for buying cheap books or colouring pens for my nephew. There is sometimes some good cook books in here also, as well as some quite odd books but I'm sure there is a market for it.The shop is generally consumed by rather odd people who are peeing themselves with excitement over all the bargains and take their trip to The Works quite seriously.I bought a friend who was in love with Kylie Minogue the unofficial calendar from here, he wasn't too impressed.
3	Located on Princes Street, The Works stocks a whole host of stuff, mainly with a Scottish theme. I popped in for a notepad and in keeping with the theme I went for a little notepad with a picture of Edinburgh Castle on it and an "I love Scotland" pen at 99p each so very reasonably priced. They had a stack of books from tourist manuals to cookery books. I was very tempted by one that had tonnes of recipes for muffins but decided I'd probably never use it, or if I did I'd just get angry that my muffins weren't as good as the ones in the picture. They also stock postcards, toys and various other tat but it's good for a browse.
3	The Works is now as close as I can get to the now defunct Bargain Books. It is a bit of a bargain bin for generic classics, popular culture books and tacky biographies but hey, it's cheap!The Works also stock a range of stationary and, in the case of this branch on Princes Street, various souvenirs and postcards. It gives it an added extra that keeps the tourists happy and piling through the doors!You're not going to find that many Booker Prize winning novels in here but you may be pleasantly surprised. They do a great range of classics and good, interactive books for youngsters. Since it caters to a wide range of tastes you can usually find something appeasable, and all for a low price.
4	A wonderful minefield of tat, The Works' peculiar mix of calendars, old cookery books, cheap stationary and tartan notepads won't often set the pulses racing, but if it's bargains you're into, then chances are at least one piece of guff in here will tick your boxes. This is especially true if you're the type of person who is into biographies of Z-list celebrities or lower dvision footballers, two much in demand genres well represented at The Works.
5	Maybe it's because my mum is an English teacher, maybe it's because I love to read books, or maybe it's because I'm a sucker for a bargain, there's something about The Works that I find quite charming!The staff are friendly, the books are widely accessed and the prices are reasonable. The location is great too, right in the centre of town!! They sell other things too, like diaries and pens etc.  It's essentially a touristy shop, they have everything and anything.
