1	BOYCOTT this branch!I absolutely despise this in-store 'so called bank' that lacks any customer service skills. Yes I'm here once a day, but if I could find another location that's open after five to drop my deposits I would jump at the chance. I would like to rant about this place, but it's a complete waste of my time.*** I WILL NO LONGER ever use these buttheads and WILL BE moving my accounts now to another bank. If you walk into this place, go ahead and get your "SUCKER" tattoo to your forehead.
1	I am not a fan of this branch. While I feel sorry for the workers because there is ALWAYS a line, they truly do not treat all customers equally. They tend to cater towards the Mexican clientele. It is nice that most of the workers are bilingual, but they shouldn't be unfriendly to the other clientele.
5	My experience s a teller experience.This branch is located in the Fry's grocery store. It is a small branch that offers tellers and personal banking experience. I was immediately greeted and serviced with a smile. I was thanked for my business when I walked out the door.
5	If I ever need my bank account, I frequent this branch!!This nicely hidden location is located inside Fry's Marketplace and stays open for an additional hour than the free standing branches. So that comes out helpful after work hours with any of my random bank needs, plus the BEST thing is that I have always been treated with respect and have been given genuine help.   However this is a super busy branch, so come in with time and patience, but then again all other in-store Banks are extremely busy too!  I've noticed lately that they keep their lobby attended with someone who helps out the line and guides those who need help. I found this to be a great way of acknowledging when I come in, and help for other that may be new to this location, plus they informed me that I can now book appointments to see my personal banker, and thats great to book when I'm at they office, or on the go!   Overall, I see happy faces and helpful associates at all times. For a bank this busy that's very much appreciated and acknowledged each and every time! :) I'm so happy to bank with them and have them cover my banking needs since I was 17!! :)
