5	Great eclectic assortment of clothes...friendly staff!
4	When reviewing Buffalo Exchange I can't help but compare it to Plato's Closet since they had been serving my gently used, screened clothing chain needs. I must say, they don't stack up to badly.Pricewise, which is always my cheap-o self's first concern, they do require a little more coin. Not much, and still far below MSRP, but yeah, you might be a few dollars lighter after a Buffalo Exchange run that if you went to PC.The thing is, you get some pretty good perks for the extra bones. Much as I like PC, they are either predominantly buying from Coeds or suburban folks in CLT. Buffalo Exchange is in the heart of Plaza Midwood, so they catch some trendier buys. I was also pleased to find that they acknowledge the fact that a dress can hit between the knees and ankles, PC usually has a hard time with that one.What is probably my favorite thing about Buffalo Exchange is that if you choose not to take a bag for you purchase they donate the cost of the bag ,5 cents, to one of three local charities (you get to pick which). Five cents may not be a lot but hey, its more than most folks are doing.
5	I first heard of Buffalo Exchange last year in California where I got a Juicy Couture jacket for 15 bucks. It reminded me a lot of Plato's Closet, but with more designer brands and a little more expensive. The one here in Charlotte is similar, but with slightly less higher-end brands. The prices are higher than the average thrift store, but the quality of the clothes are too. It has a really good shoe selection, as well as dress selection. The only complaint I can think of was finding parking. Plaza Midwood is usually very crowded and the single lot across the street has yet to not be filled. I parked at the library parking lot, which may or may not be against some rule. Still, it's worth it for the awesome finds.
4	Yes I am a Fan!  Some cool jeans and T's hot brands recycled to cool prices!!! Staff is always friendly and the location is great (across the street from Hong Kong Vintage)!  Buy - Sell - Trade!!!
3	I'm a huge fan of the Buffalo Exchange brand; I first found them on a run through Williamsburg about 10 years ago. Since then I've hit the stores on both coasts, so I was super geeked to see one open here in Charlotte this year.Now, what I really go to BE for is funky belts that no one else will have. I redesign and upcycle vintage belts, and have over 100 in my personal collection. My first visit to the Midwood store, I cleared the racks of all the sweet vintage-look belts--about 10 of them, and walked out with an under $60 price tag. Love!I gave them about a little time to recover, then dropped by last weekend. And they still haven't restocked the belts. That may not be most shoppers' primary concern, but it disappointed me enough to email corporate to say get more in soon. Think they'll listen?One day I'll peruse the racks to see how they do on sizing (I wear an 18). Until then, I hope they do well here. They're too fun to fail.
4	BE has decent stuff. Like someone else said, since it is in a trendy side of town, the selection is good. I took some stuff that  I was planning on taking to Plato's, just to see what price i would get. They didn't take much, but gave me a MUCH better price than Plato's would. At least double. The girl is a bit judge-y, but that is her job. She tries to make small talk as she looks at every inch of what you are selling (it's awkward seeing her check for pit stains as she asks you about your plans for that evening.) My plan is to sell the "rejects" at Plato's. It is more their style, and i can get a couple of dollars more.I sold 3 items and got $15 cash/$25 store credit. Not too shabby.as for parking, if you aren't familar with Central, there is a 2 hour lot across the street.Oh, and on week days you need to get there by 6:30 if you want to sell anything. But the store stays open till 7TIP: call ahead before selling. They will tell you what they are currently buying. I called on my way (after packing everything up) and found out they were only buying summer clothes. I had already packed 2 winter scarves. It would have saved me time to not pack those
5	This is another place I would love to be selfish about and keep to myself!  Cute clothes, great condition, and the ability to trade!  What's not to love?If you're looking for a high-end consignment shop with new, old, & vintage pieces this is going to be your spot!  Very reasonable and the staff is always in good spirits.Cheers to the Buffalo Exchange for bringing some life back to Charlotte!
3	Looking for some trendy stylish options that won't break your bank? This is the place to go. They even occasionally have some of the nicer brands in stock, though it can get a bit overpriced. While thrifting around with Leanne C. we spotted a D&G sweater for $65! This is a bit much don't you think? But they have a really good selection and most of the time prices are reasonable.I do have a major gripe with their parking situation though. They have no parking out back. Like seriously none, and there are signs all over warning you about the towing situation. So you end up parking across the street in the 2 hour parking lot and running across the busy intersection. As much as I liked Frogger, I'm not fond of doing a live action reenactment of it.I think this place can be summed up as good deals, cool clothes, crummy parking.
3	I really enjoy consignment shopping. I actually revel in the search for the one or two great items at a deep discount. And while I don't mind the occasional Goodwill or Value Village trip, I usually spend my time and money at Monarch, JT Posh or Hong Kong Vintage because of their great selection and quality of merchandise. That being said, I think Buffalo Exchange is doing a couple things well: -They have a huge space and a large variety of goods.-They'll buy your lightly used items  either give you 30% of the selling price in cash or 50% of the selling price in trade. -The employees are friendly.-Prices are quite reasonable.And a few things I'm just not crazy about:-Parking is insane. Good luck trying to find a spot on that side of the street. Just park across the way and walk.-Some of the employees who "buy" the merchandise aren't well versed in current brands and what to price items. You don't want my practically almost brand new Michael Stars tops? Ok then. -This definitely doesn't feel like a boutique set up...more like a warehouse filled with second hand garb. This isn't on my go-to list for shopping but it'll do in a pinch when I can't find what I'm looking for!
4	Uh oh. I smell danger. I was on a strict Halloween costume mission when I came in here, so I didn't allow myself to browse too much, but I'm already reserving a spot in my wallet for the future.It's a little pricier than I had expected, but the items I saw were pretty high-quality and looked like they were probably worth it. And yay for sorting by size! I will definitely be back for some more serious shopping.
3	I've been acquainted with the Buffalo exchange brand for many years thanks to long-time residency on the west coast.One cool little side note: in order to own a Buffalo Exchange you have to have worked at one for a period of time. This ensures while the stores are individually owned and managed, there is consistency in brand.Needless to say I was pleased to see a Buffalo ( aka The Buff) open on Central. Ventured in shortly after opening and chatted with the owner Monica who although was in the to be expected frenzy of opening the store, training buyers and working through the POS quirks, was super pleasant.Good selection and variety of clothing, organized by size. Ranging from vintage to Gap to high-end brands like Marc Jacobs. I've always found a few gems to take home at the right price point.On a few return visits to sell some items - they buy your items at 30% of what they will retail for in store- I was disappointed in the new buyer.Monica the owner, has a keen buying eye, knows ALL the brands - even the obscure ones - and has a great grasp on what will sell.Unfortunately, one of new buyers seems to buy based on what she thinks she and her friends would want in their closet. It's one of the tell-tale mistakes of an inexperienced resale buyer. I've been a buyer before, and have rejected many an item based on condition, style, overstock in store, etc. But this gal rejected some primo items. Probably because she had no idea what they were.Add to that her holier-than-hipster-but-I'm-not-a-hipster-because-I'm- you know,- TOTES original attitude, and I was left with a bad taste in my mouth.Hope they can remedy this downfall, because otherwise, it's great place to score some new threads at reasonable prices.
4	I decided to delay my review until I had done both buying and trading. Very cool store. Great finds. Very reasonable prices. When trading, you have to keep in mind that this place does not focus on brands, instead their emphasis is on trendy clothes. So even if you have an item from an expensive brand, if its not stylish, they won't take it.  So it's not that they are not well-versed in brands; their niche is simply different than other consignment stores around the city.  Although it's a bummer from the trading standpoint, it's a plus on the buying end. I actually prefer for it to be that way. Cheap and stylish? That's my kind of place!
3	Let's put it this way.  When I'm in LA, I try and hit up as many BuffX stores as possible.  Prada shoes for $40. JBrand skinnies for $37. Juicy Couture terry skirts (bleh...but let me use this as an example) for $9. The selection is bountiful, higher-end and really, really well priced. I was hoping to find the same here in CLT, but you're going to have to dig and spend a good amount of time to find the 3% of the gem merchandise...but remember, the chances that 3% comes in your size? Slim. Now, don't get me wrong.  Once you stumble upon the holy grail, it can be pretty darn sweet.  Tom Ford Claudia sunglasses for $80? (I may be off by $50 or so bucks, but I remember the Claudia selling for around $395 at Neimans.) I bought a little Kate Spade tote for $18.50, and it was originally $195. If you're into Lacoste products, you'll find a good amount of men's and women's polos, which, if memory serves me correctly are around $75-$95 for the short sleeve or long sleeved basic model, cost about $17 here. Also, like Jimmy D. said, some items seem bit overpriced! The same J.Crew slub v-neck tee I saw hanging on a rack in BuffX cost $3 MORE than I paid for the tee new at J.Crew in Southpark Mall. I also saw a set of plastic Russian nesting doll-shaped measuring cups, which I could have sworn were a good $5 cheaper at Home Goods/Marshalls. TIP: Recently, the store held a promotion where 2 cans of food, (used to donate to a food bank) yielded $5 off your purchase.  I also saw when the store opened, several online coupons available. TIP #2. You can hold items if you're not sure about them.  When I held those Tom Ford sunglasses, it was until the end of the next day. Ultimately, if I'm creeping around Plaza Midwood, I sure as heck will pop in and do some scavenging.ALL the employees I've dealt with are super friendly and helpful.  I'd have to have a good amount of time though, to do it.
3	Now that I've sold a bunch of clothes, I feel this review should be updated, because it may help anybody out there looking to sell.  1. If you're in a hurry, don't go on a weekend.  I went at about 1:30 and there were 4 people ahead of me waiting to sell, so to sell about 20 items of clothing, it took 45 minutes including wait time. 2. You'll get 50% off the selling price in store credit, or 30% in cash.  They don't pay out cash over $100, it will be a check.  Or, you can split the difference.  I got just under $100 in cash, and the 50% ratio of the rest as store credit. 3. Items that aren't in season, have a rip, stain or tear, or missing button won't be taken.  I had a blazer, new with tags, missing a button, and was told to bring it back if the button gets sewed back on. Oh, and I had some J.Crew button ups that were brand new, but were marked on the tag from 2007 or 2008, and they were turned down. Ultimately, you're not going to get much for your clothes, but it's pretty convenient. Example:  I sold a Vince sweater that retailed for $195 back in the day.  The store plans on selling it for $38.50.  Store credit means I'd get $19.25, or $11.50ish.  For me, I knew after listing fees, PayPal fees, and the time it takes to list, eBay wouldn't have netted more than 10 or 15 bucks on the sweater, so it was worth the saved hassle and instant gratification. PS: The buyers are really, really nice.  Despite my buyer's knowledge of smaller labels, she asked me what Nanette Lepore is! Bless her heart.
4	This is a great place to go to get some quality clothing for low prices and to sell some clothes for fair cash prices/trade credit.  The selection is fun and changes regularly.  I will also say that these are some of the nicest employees I have encountered at any Buffalo Exchange I've ever visited.  I actually like going in there and I like looking through their selections even though they don't have a lot of plus size clothing.
3	I dropped by because a friend recommended it.  I parked at Nova's Bakery and made a purchase then told the sales girl that I was going to walk around and shop.Buffalo Exchange is more for young hipsters than 40 year old guys but I was able to find  a pair of size 38 "7 for All Mankind Jeans for $45".  There also were two Express 1MX fitted shirts (XL) that I was tempted on but I would need to drop a few more pounds to fit into them properly so I will just hold off on them for now.The sales girls were all cute and lively and there were about five people ahead of me but they were all handled efficiently and swiftly.I really liked the energy that the store had.ddc
3	I read all the reviews and added this place as a must visit the next time I was in the area. Finally, I arrived in Charlotte and ventured in. I was not amused at all. I was thinking I was going to walk away with quite a few items to add to my spring/summer wardrobe but instead I walked out with NOTHING!!!! Truly, I don't see what all the hype is about. Please keep in mind, this was only as a buyer, I did not fly to Charlotte with items to consign. If you are tiny, say a size 0, 2 of 4, I did eye at least three pair of 7 for all mankind jeans for reasonable prices. The shoes, not so cute. They do have a nice quantity of dresses but I didn't see one that I just had to have! Overall, not a place that I will just have to see the next time I'm in the area but I may consider giving it one more chance and if I happen to be in the area in the future, I will stop by.
5	I have to say that my experience today with Buffalo Exchange went above and beyond expectation. I went there to sell some items and had a pretty good idea of what they would and wouldn't take. The staff was super friendly and helpful. They purchased a few items for a total of $43.95. I left happy and went on my way to the gas station before heading home. Much to my dismay, when I went to pay,the clerk informed me my 20$ bill was a fake. The 20$ was from Buffalo Exchange. After about 25 mins waiting for the police to arrive and take my information and of course,take my 20. I went back to Buffalo and informed them of what happened. They had no obligation legally to reimburse me. However they were more than apologetic and the girl who gave me the bill even offered to have it taken out of her check. They gave me the 20$ back without hesitation and apologized more than they needed to. They may not always take your stuff or give you what you'd like,but hot damnntheyre friggin' awesome. I'll continue going back and encourage others to do the same :)
4	I'm no fashionista, nor do I typically look for a new outfit for any single special occasion, but Buffalo Exchange has provided me with some hipster goldies worth shouting from the rooftops. Much like many of the other thrifties in Plaza Midwood, you're going to find a menagerie of musty and dated shirts, pants, jeans, shoes and accessories. That's part of the fun! I've seen so many vintage shirts in this joint and had only wished that they were A) my size or B) a little less offensive to my wallet (AKA $$). It's always fun to spy an old school RUN DMC shirt, regardless of where you are. Love going here with my wife. They have tons of cute tops and dresses to look through. Cool thing about BE is that you'll have a completely new selection each day. Things move fast off of the racks as much as they come in. You've gotta be on your toes. Each time I've been here, I've left with baller status tank tops or at least tried on something I wish I had. Love what they're doing here. Also, I've noticed it takes some time to trade in your clothes for cash. Be prepared to wait if you venture in on a Saturday morning. Many a thrifter will be in to do the same. Agree with everyone else. Parking is a beast. No private lot or spaces dedicated to BE. Park on the street, next to John's or next to Nova's. Parking behind the building is a dangerous. There are some serious towing policies and those dudes camp out like vultures. Be careful!If you're crusin' down Central and want to take a short break, pop in and have a look. You're bound to find something you'll like!
3	In short: cute stuff but a little pricey. But I guess this is a "vintage" store and not thrift store.... -___- I left here with some cute things but wasn't too overly excited.
4	Hey I love me some Buffalo! Buffalo Exchange that is! Every time I stop by the Central Avenue area (when it's not midnight bar-hopping time on a Saturday) I'm sure to stop in for at least a look. For a used, vintage and lightly loved clothing store they have a great selection. As expected their choices are more geared towards women with at least 70% of the store women's clothing including a giant wall of shoes in the back. I'm almost jealous when I see the array of things for the ladies to dig through.That touting of the women's section aside, I do like what they've got for the guys. Of course a great pick of T-shirts from all brands under the sun. In decent condition to boot! They have some nice cowboy boots and the more popular sneakers for the streets. Flannels, button-downs, polos and collared shirts plus lots of jackets and sweaters that look hand-sewn by grandma (great for the frat-boy sweater parties I imagine).Comparing these guys to other places like Plato's Closet they are, hands-down, one of the best Charlotte's got to offer for vintage and used clothing. Also, if you're selling they do take a lot of the unusual men's stuff whereas Plato's closet wouldn't even touch a pair of men's jeans if they weren't blue. Take whatever you've got and sell here! They give you more for the trade in, more selection and overall more money in your pocket!
4	Freaking. In. LOVE.I'm newly obsessed with vintage clothing and have pretty much vowed never to shop retail prices again (if I can help it).  I knew about Buffalo Exchange back in NYC and was stoked to see there was one in Charlotte.  And guess what?!  It's even better!The prices are killer and the selection is awesome.  I was also able to trade in some of my no longer used clothes for $60 in store credit which I turned around quickly into a pair of shoes for my husband and a pair of shoes for myself.  We still even got $5 back in cash!If you're looking to trade, be sure that your clothes are in great condition and are trendy (aka hipster) as the buyers here obviously steer towards the younger crowd.  It's also pretty apparent that if you bring clothes from any major chains (GAP, Banana, etc) they won't take them.  They're not cool enough.I'm so happy after leaving there that I came straight home to dig more through my closet to see what else I can trade!  I will be back on a regular basis, for sure :)
5	I am moving soon and decided that it was time to (tear) clear out my closet.I once (and still do kinda) have a designer jean obsession, and lived outside NYC where there is an amazing outlet mall (Woodbury Commons) and TJ Maxx and Marshalls were they get all the good stuff.  So....I have way.  too.  many.Anyways, it was time to let go of some pairs.  Some because I'm over them, some because they sadly no longer fit my massive butt due to squatting heavy at the gym.So, I brought a decent sized bag of tricks to trade, and ended up with $92.50 in my pocket, cash.  This made me happy because othewise I would've just gave them away or donated them.  And now I could buy new sneakers to make my butt even more toned and buy some jeans that actually fit me.  :)
4	This place is large and has a lot of variety. Great deals on t-shirts and brand new items as well. I found about 7 pairs of really nice, name brand jeans that were originally $150 that they were selling for $30, some were even 1/2 off of that price. They have a good amount of clean dressing rooms and the staff is very helpful. Overall, great place to find cheap clothes, jewelry and shoes.
2	I think it really depends on when you go, hence the 2 instead of 3 stars. Some days they have some great stuff, other days not so much, & they can run a bit high. When it comes to selling, no you won't get what YOU think it's worth. But hey they're a business they gotta make money. My biggest gripe about the selling process is that standards seem to vary on who's checking it in. I used to work at a similar establishment, & that happened a lot. It's a little hipster for my taste. But I enjoy a good deal, when I can find one here. As far as "vintage" stuff goes, save your money & hit the thrift stores with a keen eye.
3	I felt as if I was not being listened to at all, the girl that was helping me came off as new. She was super sweet, but wasn't listening/paying attention at all. I did buy some cute shoes though.
4	What a cool concept. I have never sold anything, but I have bought stuff. Good Quality used items for a good price. There always does seem to be a line to sell items there, which means they are doing something right. The staff is very knowledgeable about what the current trends are. They know what they are buying and what they are turning away. Don't feel bad if they don't take all of your stuff. Sometimes they have multiples or just don't think they can't sell the stuff. They aren't being rude, just doing there job. :D
4	I was really impressed with Buffalo Exchange! A friend and I stopped in briefly and I wanted to buy so much! I ended up purchasing a really nice top for about $12, which I found to be reasonable.  I will definitely visit again when I have more time to browse!!!
4	You gotta come in often to find the hidden gems but there is always something worth buying.This is not your average thrift/consignment shop.  Its waaaay better.  Lots of awesome clothes from classy, to preppy, to "urban".  You just got to look.The inventory changes all day every day and you should bring your own bags.
3	Chainstore for hip clothing.  They have some good style selections, which actually included some good sizes for men's pants (32-34).  It worth stopping in for a look to see if something catches your eye like the sweet puffy vest. Prices were a little bit high, but that's probably cause they already did all the premium thrift-shop picking for you. I'll be stopping back every now and then to see what they continue to get in stock. I'm always hoping for that sweet sweater that instantly makes me giggle.
5	This place is great! Got a brand new pair of shoes for $35. There's obviously a huge variety of clothes. The staff were VERY nice! I will definitely be back!
5	I love the options, great buyers I want to tell people but then I do not so i can have more options when I come by but its a wonderful shop.
4	I like BE especially the shoes and accessories.  Sometimes you can negotiate the prices. I went their when the business next door had caught fire and got 10 pair of shoes for $30.
