5	If there's one thing you go to Vegas for other than gambling and the shows its the fine dining. The quality of the food and the service is top notch! Its the least to expect in a place where money is no object. The steaks were amazing and the waiter's knowledge of wine pairing was icing on the cake. Make reservations! And in if you're not familiar with this type of dining side dishes are extra and there is enough for at least 3 people with each order. By the way, you'll find this restaraunt in NEW YORK NEW YORK. And for a special treat end your meal with a cup of their coffee! I didn't get a chance to ask what brand it was but was to die for!
3	I was here in Vegas with a large party and we decided to come to this steak house since it was at the New York New York hotel where we were seeing the Zumanity cirque Du Soleil (review is next)....convenience basically is how I ended  up here. I gave it 3 stars for service but I took off a star for the seat I had right next to the kitchen door. I have never seen so much meat pass my way in 1 hour as I did this night..and I am not talking small portions here either. Anyway I had the ahi tuna which I thought was pretty good...though it did need some soy sauce to spice it up a bit....in fact I asked the waiter and he said quote "hmm we don't usually have soy....I can see if i can find some...I will get it" Very impressive service I tell ya.  Atmosphere was so so for Vegas...as we were in a large party pushed to the back of the restaurant. Overall I would say good food,good service.... just don't need to see a meat locker display in the front of the store...
4	MUCH better meal than the night earlier at the Venetian.  Like others we went here before the Zumanity show (eh, as far as I am concerned).  Got reservations the day of, had a lovely table and wonderful meal.  Wine & water were poured for us more than the night before as well.And a wine list with a Nice variety of styles & price ranges.Probably only snafu was ordering a bottle of wine to have "with our food" come out as soon as we ordered it - a LOVELY Malbec.No wow factors here, typical steakhouse fare, although I will say the sides have some extra seasonings which are nice.
4	I nursed many drinks in front of Gallagher's just hoping to see a vegan get angry at the glass-front meat lockers. It never happened, and I was really surprised. The sight really is grotesque in that uniquely carnivorous sort of way. Just the same, I really liked the food. It wasn't a cheap steak, but then again, it wasn't a cheap steak. Definitely recommended.
5	had a very nice experience at this place.  The waiter was very attentive!  there were 13 of us , 5 children under age 8 years and 8 adults.  although i am the only one who ordered the fish, it was good!  they teased me because they told me that i should have ordered steak because it is a steak house!!  i didnt care...i am a seafood person...
3	So we're in Vegas on St. Patrick's Day and made reservations at Gallagher's.  For what it is, it's pretty damn good.Steak in Vegas is just ridiculous now.  With so many to choose from and rising prices, the days of $9.99 steak dinners are fading fast away.  (Then again, it's probably a good thing those days are fading fast away.  I remember one being less tender than the wood of my desk and tasting worse that I imagine my desk tasting.)  So my girlfriend and I got two steaks (the dry aged bone-in sirloin), two glasses of wine, a couple of cocktails, a Caesar salad and a side of asparagus was $120.  That's pretty damn reasonable.  The steaks were very good - beefy, stronger flavored than your average piece of meat and firm to the texture without much excess juice - typical of dry-aged beef.  I got mine medium-rare and asked for medium char.  The waitress said they can't do "medium char" - only "regular" or "charred."  Don't get charred.  Although the waitress said that they don't put on a heavy char, my steak came out looking black.  The funny thing was, it didn't taste bitter like a charred steak does.  A little strange because of that, but the inside meat was good.  I didn't bother to send it back because I was with a date and didn't want her to have to wait for another one to come out.  And the steak was huge.  Easily 16oz.  And at under $40 (I believe it was actually $34), it's a relative bargain in Vegas.The wine list is standard for Vegas - over priced and not inspiring.  But the wines by the glass were reasonable and of decent quality.  The Caesar salad was decent except for too much dressing.  Thick, good asparagus were used for the side.  Service was friendly and professional.  Just don't ask for their opinion of getting your steak "charred."  But do get drinks from the bar there.  The shots are filled to the rim and the bartenders are great.  Three stars.
4	There is a energetic hustle to this restaurant which is tucked into the New York New York Casino and displays obscenely large slabs of refrigerated steak in the restaurant windows.  Instead of the swank and haughty vibe that many Vegas restaurants seem to specialize in, Gallagher's is friendly fun.  Dress ranges from slightly casual to casual elegant.  The service was decent (though not outstanding) and the server was able to provide good advice.  Prices are on the high-end but the portions are as large as the steaks in the window, which means, they are TOO large for a single person (even the smaller portioned steak is too large for one person).  The quality of the food is top-notch though Ruth's Chris does better steak.  I'll definitely return when my need for meat finally resurfaces after being much sated by my meal there.
3	Gallagher's is not a place for the faint of heart nor is it for Vegans.   Heck when you walk up to the reception area you are greeted by a huge meat locker filled with choice cuts of steak.   Those hunks of meat are just sitting there... tempting you to order one.   Beckoning toward you like a lighthouse on a storm tossed beach.  I had visions of me going in the meat locker to rescue the aging beef from it's long wait.   A nice grille and a pair of tongs would do the trick.   But after my wife stopped me from walking into the meat locker, we got a table and decided to eat like civilized people.   The steak itself was good.   It had the distinctive taste of being dry aged.   But it wasn't particularly tender nor flavorful.   The sides were ok, nothing to write home about.   Don't get me wrong, the meal was good, it just wasn't great.   The wines and drinks were a little expensive.   This place is a 3.5 star place, but the high price makes me round it down to 3 stars.   Will I be back?   Yeah, maybe.   If I want to spend about the same money for a better steak dinner, I will be going to CraftSteak at the MGM.
5	I enjoyed the bar here twice and dinner once.  Gallagher's is probably the best thing about NY NY.The bar is covered in a stainless steel top and adorned with a chalkboard denoting the specials.  Fernando, the bar tender, warned me away from the special, a Green Mountain, because it was a girlie drink.  More so, it was probably a good warning because the co-worker I was with doesn't pull any punches and looks for the opportunities to take the shots.The bar was well stocked, Fernando was skilled and they had Newcastle Brown (and a few others) on tap.The next night, our dinner reservations got mysteriously canceled and again, protracted negotiations got our party of 15 drinks at the bar and the table in the back room.The back room was especially cool, with photos and painting of pinup girls and starlets on the walls and a bar dedicated to that room (read super-fast).  It was a steak house menu - sure there were a few chicken and fish dishes for the people who will live longer, but the steak was to die for.The waiter suggested sharing sides and we ended up delegating the selection to him!  The macaroni and cheese is great and the hot and cold appetizer sampler was excelllent - lobster, shrimp, crab cakes and more.  Mmm.I had a filet, cooked perfectly medium-rare, topped with crab and bernaise sauce.  It was delicious.  I think that three other people had the same and others were jealous.We had tickets to a show and only had an hour and a half to devote to dinner and we got out of there on time, surprisingly.For me, the reason to come to Las Vegas is the good food, people watching and the good food.  Gallagher's is the place for it.
5	This place was William  "bar none" Floyd the best meal I have ever had in Vegas.  And no it wasn't because this was a comp'd meal.  I had the Porterhouse, aka whole side of cow portion.  Every piece was tender and this is one of the meals I felt the meat was actually aged to perfection.  We had a party of 14 and they had a backroom where we were sat on time with a reservation!  Every person in our party had the verginormous piece of meat EXCEPT the guest of honor!  He had the Filet Mignon and he did not know that this piece of meat was about 1/4 the size of the other steaks!  HA!  It looked like the the child's portion.  Hey enjoy you're coming out party with your filet mignon!
4	Sorry Smith & Wollensky's, Gallagher's has been the best steakhouse experience so far in Vegas. They accommodate large parties (hint hint bachelors) and their service is excellent. They don't push their "magnum" bottles of wine... like other places. The dry-aged New York Sirloin is the best... have it cooked no more than medium so you can get that juiciness.  The sides from mac & cheese to creamed spinach was perfect. The food deserves 5 stars, but I had to drop it to an overall 4 stars since their drink service was slow. I will definitely be back...
3	Very good steaks (if served at proper temp),so-so sides, average drinks, and below-average service.  In fact, I almost gave this place a 2 stars b/c of the service.  first, we arrive on-time for our reservation but have to wait 15 minutes even though we can see 10 empty tables in the main dining room.  Then, they sit us in the doorway then act like it's a huge hassle to move us b/c we don't want to sit in the doorway (and get brushed by the servers running back and forth)  Food took forever to come out, in fact my buddy sent his steak back since it was room temperature when it arrived.Trust me, my party consisted of three, low maintence guys, and we are generally indifferent to the service, but in this case, it was so bad tht all of us were very disappointed.Possibly we got a bum server.  If they could guarantee better service and sides, I'd definitely go back since the steak was excellent.  In the meantime, I'll stick to Nine - IMO, the best steak joint in LV.
4	A few months ago I was charged with the responsibility of planning the events for my friend's bachelor weekend in Las Vegas (in particular, I needed a restaurant). I really didn't know where to start but some folks recommended Yelp. After a few days of searching on Yelp, I decided on the Gallagher's Steakhouse in The New York New York Hotel. I was able to reserve last minute for a group of 12 drunks..um guys without a problem. Even the day of, we showed up fairly late but we were seated without issue. Hell, we were escorted to the back room by a cutie pie Pinay girl (Neato!). I ordered the aged beef sirloin, medium rare. I was able to try the same steak rare; both are an experience. My personal fav was the side of mac n' cheese; maybe the best "bar none". The prices are astronomical but you do get what you pay for. Thanks to Yelp I was able to make an educated decision. To this second, all of my guests rave about the food. Cheers Yelp!
5	Consistently Excellent. I've eaten here at least 10 times, every time it was just splendid.  I can't pick a clear favorite here, the porterhouse is magnificent, the prime rib is just devine.. everything here is prepared very well - among the best steakhouses in Vegas. If you order the prime rib, request an additional side of "atomic" horseradish, and mix it with some of the regular stuff. It'll whoop your ass. Clam chowder here is really good too, not too thick, not thin, just a bowl of goodness. For dessert get STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. For a while it was a secret menu item, but now it's more well known. Either way, get it, it's awesome. The service is very good, if you can't get a table (or forgot to make reservations because you were too drunk), you can have dinner at the bar. The bar staff is awesome - and make one of the best Long Island Ice Tea around. The case of meat is a welcome sight to celebrate vegas winnings, or to comfort a horrible run at the tables.. either way - make it a point to stop here for a steak dinner! 5 stars well earned.
5	It's been a long time since I had Gallagher's steak. The last time was at this place was actually New Year's Eve 2007(I checked in NY NY). This is where I had one of the most great tasting Fillet Mignon I've ever had. Thinking about it still makes me Salivate. The meat is served just how you want them, out of all the times I've been in this place, I NEVER had to call on my server and had my meat re-done. Huge serving, I never realized how much meat I can consume after eating everything on my plate.  I must say after eating  everything, I could hardly breathe because I was so full. Money well spent on a giant size meal. Hands down!
4	Unarguably a very good steakhouse. My husband and I ate at the bar since there was a 2 hours wait for a table, but the service was very attentive, the food was good. The steak is definitely the highlight, I don't think that appetizers nor side orders are spectacular.
3	Man.. we went to Gallaghers with a very high expectation.  That was mistake #1.  We went there without reservations (mistake #2), but happily waited 1.5hrs.  Then we ordered our steaks (Filet Mignon and the their signature, aged sirloin) cooked medium... big mistake.. huge (mistake #3).  I asked the server how they cook their meat.. medium = pink all the way through?  The server said confidently yes.  We trusted him.  I had wrongly assumed that steakhouses tend to undercook their meat (order medium = get medium rare..).Our steak was dry.  Both of ours.  The filet was medium well.  Some parts were cooked all the way through.  We should've complained.  But we didn't.  I almost choked on some parts of the meat.  My wife kept telling me that I cook a better steak at home.The appetizer (oysters) were ok, but they were nothing special at $3 per piece.  The soup (chowder) and the caesar salad was pretty good.  Up until the steaks came out we were very happy.  Then the steaks just disappointed us.  Man.. I really really love steaks and I had high hopes.  We were there with 2 little kids.  They gave us a booth and we did ok.  I always feel bad about taking little kids to nice restaurants.  It could be annoying to others there.  It would've been worth all the trouble taking little ones to a good restaurant if the meat was good.  Now, forever I'll wonder what if I ordered the steaks medium rare.. or even rare... forever.Service was good, but not excellent.Atmosphere was ok.  it's an upscale, busy restaurant.  If you're gonna go here, make sure to get a reservation and order steaks rare.I would've given them 2 stars but because it was us who ordered medium.. 3 stars for what it could've been.
5	AHMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Sam our server was fantastic.An amazing meal!! Tried everything everyone order and it was all melt in your mouth spectacular.And who ever the bartender was should be my new best friend. I ordered a Lemon Drop, and it was so good I had 2 more! hehehe
5	The King Cut Prime Rib is amazing. The sides are good, too. The fries are these honkin' huge slices of potato. I also liked my iceberg salad wedge.This is not a place for the birds. You get what you pay for and the portions are just huge. Not Claim Jumper obscene, but don't come here after you had the Bellagio buffet or something. Come here hungry and order carefully.Don't be afraid to try the sauces... they are excellent.
5	In my opinion this is the best steak in Vegas.  Whenever anyone I know is going to Vegas I suggest Gallaghers.  I prefer Gallaghers to other similar steakhouses because it isnt at all stuffy - it is usually very crowded and the service it always bustling.  On my last visit I had the New York strip and creamed spinach.  one of my friends also ordered the New York and the steak was so large we could have shared one and still had leftovers!!  Wow!!  The guys we were with each order The NY NY - which is surf and turf - new york strip and a giant lobster!!!  We were all so tired after we ate that we had to retire for the evening... Yum I cant wait to go back!!!
5	Probably the best steakhouse west of the Mississippi or at least that I've had.    How many times have you had steak that you can cut with a fork?  Yes, a fork...not a knife.  Well, Gallagher's serves such steaks and they are UNBELIEVABLE!   I always order the surf and turf.  I don't care how much it costs because I can never decide between their amazing steak and lobster.  I like to order my steak (fillet Mignon) butterflied medium at Gallagher's.  It always seems to come out just perfect that way.  Their side dishes are not the best, in my opinion which is too bad but their main entrees more than make up for their shortcomings.  They have pretty good salads, too.  I like the spinach salad with light dressing.  I would be in real trouble if Gallagher's was in my neighborhood.5 stars
4	Started with a great wedge salad.  Ordered the filet as my entree...it too was great, but very small (probably the smallest I have ever seen in Vegas.)  Even though it was tiny, it was cooked perfectly and tasted great, I just wish there was more of it.  We all split a bunch of sides--the macaroni and cheese was awesome, the mashed potatoes were damn good, but I would skip the onion rings next time.  Price was fair for vegas, as I have paid much more for much worse meals.  Would've gotten five stars if my steak was bigger (and if the bus boy hadn't bumped my chair like eight times.)  I will definitely be back!!!
5	Wonderful salmon and swordfish steaks, not to mention beef done to perfection that you can cut with the side of your fork. I took my father and stepmother here for their wedding reception and my father swears up and down that this was the best steak he's had in his life. Him and my stepmother go back to Gallagher's and enjoy it again and again. The BEST in aged beef - best food in Vegas!If you want to love your food, remember you get what you pay for. Don't waste your time going to some POS Vegas buffet. Gallagher's is THE place.
3	I was a bit underwhelmed by Gallagher's. Ordered the rib eye steak and as described by the waiter the marbling was nice but I think the chef might have slipped when applying salt and pepper. The steak tasted like it had just been rescued from the sea. Thankfully I had a side of sauteed spinach to wash down the steak. My girlfriend ordered the filet mignon which was tough and the mashed potatoes which was the best thing delivered to our table. Skipped desert on account of being ready to explode from engorging ourselves on the gigantic steaks. Oh yeah, I tried to cut both steaks with a fork since I had heard that it could be done in earlier reviews and it wasn't working for us. Maybe our forks were dull.
4	Myself and two buddies dined here and had a great time.  We started off with something ordinary - calamari.  My buddies aren't too daring, so we stuck with a no brainer.  It was really good, not too thick with batter.We ordered 2 rib-eye's med/rare and 1 filet Chicago style medium.  Not too many places can do a Chicago style and they nailed it.  We ordered a side of mash and side of asparagus and they were great.  The asparagus was perfect, not too crunchy, not soggy.We didn't order desert, but there was a chick at the bar sans panties.  Hey, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
5	I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to steak -- as long as it doesn't look like a burger -- but this place is something else, and not because I've stopped here almost every time I've gone to Vegas.The ambiance is perfect; not Vegas cheesy, but classy, especially if you have one of the seats that faces out to the "street" in the casino. It's a refreshing change from some of the other Vegas dinner places that try a bit too hard.The food is incredible. I have never had a bad steak here (ask me my opinion of Pacific Dining Car), and the sides are top notch. I highly recommend the beefsteak tomato salad, much different than doing a regular salad. And every other side I've had here really complimented the menu (the potatoes, the spinach). It's a complete restaurant.The bar really knows how to serve them strong, has a good wine list, and a great beer list. And I've knocked back a few at the bar without even eating here.
5	Can we say ......."RIB EYE to die for"........ my mouth is watering as I write this... the food is fantastic.  The service even better....  The bartenders are to sexy to believe and just plain ole boy next door hot.  I had a Rib eye.  It was cooked to perfection.  I am so sad since I was unable to eat the whole thing.  My friend had the Prime rib... she never eats the whole thing and she did and I swear I think she had orgasms while she ate it... she was mmmmmmmmmmm and ahhhhhhhhhhh and ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god with ever bite.Broccoli Au Gratin now that's some good shit... baked potato with everything now that is even some finer shit......
3	Ahh disappointed.  I may have ordered wrong.  My medium filet mignon ($36, 9 oz.) came out way overcooked, even the waiter agreed.  It was sent back, and then came to me a bit rare.  I was hungry enough and sheepish enough at that point to just eat it.  It tasted fine, but I don't particularly like looking at bloody meat.That being said, almost everyone else at my table ordered the dry aged NY sirloin ($38, ~16 oz with bone), their specialty.  The few bites I had of that were very very good.  Perhaps if I had had that, this would be a 4 star experience.Dessert was also good, but not stellar.  Overall, everything was just average.  If I'm going to pay over $30 for an entree, I want things to be perfect, but they weren't.
5	I really love this place. I've been here a lot, though not recently I must admit. The decor is classic NY steakhouse, with wooden panels and waistaff in black and white.I usually stick with the NY Steak and it generally comes perfectly cooked to order. I've dined with people who have also had the porterhouse and cowboy steak (both good for sharing ... actually, they're all good sizes for sharing except maybe the filets). The appetizers, salads, and sides are not spectacular and is classic steakhouse fare (e.g., shrimp cocktail, iceberg lettuce wedge, creamed spinach, sauteed haricot verts, asparagus). I do enjoy the spinach salad. That's not to say they don't taste good, but just not beyond all levels of deliciousness. The sides don't really bother me because the focus is on the STEAK! (please see update below re mac n cheese!)For dessert, I like to get their sticky toffee pudding. It's very moist, sticky, and delicious. Some restaurants who serve this classic dessert tends to somehow make the cake dry. The rest of their dessert menu is very standard types of desserts and not special (though, again, they taste just fine). But if you're in the casino, you might want to poke on over to Il Fornaio for one of their desserts!I can also count on the waitstaff for excellent service. I've never felt forgetten at this restaurant. The bartenders are also excellent and know what they're doing! Ask for a chocolate martini ... trust.UPDATE 8/17/2009: Went back recently and they had a new mac n cheese side. It is HEAVENLY! You must try it! Also, a few people told us a story about the sticky toffee pudding. Apparently, it was the recipe of the original chef and though he has left the restaurant, customers loved it so much that they asked him to allow them to keep the recipe. :)
4	Hard to narrow it down further, but this place is definitely in my top 3 steakhouses in Las Vegas.  Went here for a birthday dinner with my roommate and friends, and nobody left disappointed.
4	We went here for my bachelor party. I wasn't drunk when I ate, so I can say that I'm able to write an honest review.I ordered the dry aged NY sirloin. The portions are huge, and it was cooked perfectly. I tried my friend's porterhouse, and that was even larger, but well cooked. We ordered some sides, including mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and mac & cheese. Overall, service was really good as well.If you want to finish your steak comfortably, I recommend skipping the bread they give you at the beginning.By the way, we ate in the other room, and it was all guys - not a single girl in the room. I wonder if that's the all guys' party room.
3	Decent steaks, bad oysters and super slow service.The "King's Cut" prime rib was colossal!  When it was brought out everyone at our table was ooo-ing, ahh-ing and wondering who ordered such a massive piece of beef.  Then it was placed on our table.  Oops = )  For $36 who would have guessed!?!  Should I add a star for size vs. price?  Naw, quality is important, not quantity.
2	Like Noel M. said...BAD OYSTERS.  I went to Gallagher's last November and both me and my GF got severe food poisoning the next day.  We were out of commission for several days from all the vomiting etc.  I even had to extend my trip in Vegas because I was too sick to fly back.  My first experience here was great.  I loved the food, especially the oysters.  I should've known something was up when the baked oysters didn't taste quite the same.On a positive note, the steaks are some of the best you'll get.  Just stay away from the oysters!
1	I do not often give 1-star reviews, but this was one of the worst restaurant experiences I've had in my life.  We had a party of 6, of which, 4 ordered the fillet mignon.  All 4 steaks came out not even close to as ordered had to be sent back.  I've never seen anything like that happen.  They were all ordered medium rare, and came back medium well.  To their credit, they comped us on one of the steaks, but that was because the 2nd time it came out it was also medium well.  The waiter was really embarrassed by all this.  We also ordered 2 bottles of wine, and one of them was spoiled.  I know that might not have been Gallagher's fault, as sometimes you simply get a badly corked bottle, but given all that had happened it certainly didnt help.  On the plus side,  I had the prime rib and it was quite good, although certainly not worth $32.   The mushrooms I ordered were also good and the calamari was absolutely delicious.  However, given all that went wrong I would certainly never go back again.  It really was the type thing you'd perhaps expect at a restaurant where the prices are $16 per entree, not $36 per entree.
5	Ok.  This is one of my all time favorite restaurants.  Their signature item is the bone in NY that is aged to perfection.  It is so downright perfect that you almost shed a tear.  I've also had the lobster tail which is perfectly grilled.  The roasted garlic served along side the steak is also divine.  This place always has a daily soup special and I have tried many from split pea, cream of spinach, corn etc but hands down the one that stole my heart was the cream of cauliflower, I typically do not like cauliflower but I went for the gusto and was in pure soup heaven.  The shrimp cocktail is unreal too, I always ask myself where in the world do they get these HUGE shrimp, so meaty!  The service can be hit or miss but the food always makes up for it.  Beware if they take you to the back room though, lousy service for sure.  They also make a mean Cosmo or Martini.  So the best is always saved for last, there is this awesome dessert called Sticky Toffee Pudding that will make you cry in joy.  It is served warm with vanilla ice cream and real whip cream, you must try!  I love this place and make sure to not miss it on frequent trips to Vegas.  I wish there was one here in SF!
2	Went here a month or so ago, and i thought it was just ok. I ordered the signature steak and my girlfriend got the ribeye and we both ended up putting steak sauce on it for flavor................... the french fries are big pieces of potatoes and  we were actually  dissappointed in that as well. The service was great.
4	THE ORDERShrimp scampiCalamariDry aged new york steak4 cheese macaroniButtermilk breaded onion ringsYIPPEEESteaks delicious & hugeShrimp delicious & huge (but u only get 3 for $14 hmmmmm)BOOOOMac & Cheese nice texture but flavorlessSame goes for the onion rings              Boring              but what do i expect they r onion ringsSo basically what I'm saying DONT GO FOR THE SIDES stick w the protein
4	A pleasant surprise, considering it's Las Vegas. We were seated promptly, with a reservation, and really enjoyed the loud, boisterous atmosphere. (This is not the place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation). Our waiter was a kick and generally added to the fun. The steaks were great and the side-dishes decent. My only complaint: Does everything need to be "super sized?" Most of us were unable to finish even half of our steaks, they were so large, and it just felt plain wasteful - especially since our puppy couldn't make the trip to Vegas with us. :) It would have been nice to see some "petit cuts," for those who have a more reasonable appetite. In any event, highly recommended for a fun evening and a good steak.
5	Pros:   One of the best Prime Ribs I've ever eaten (Better than Lawry's, Arnie Morton's and Ruth's Chris)   Nice Decor   Friendly ServiceCons:   A Bit Pricey, but what you get what you pay for
4	I picked my steak out in a line up! Not in jail, but in the window of the best Steakhouse in Las Vegas! Galleghers steakhouse was a real memorable dinner during an unforgettable visit to Las Vegas. The steak i choose was so delicious, so tender, and so big- I was in carnivore heaven and loving it! It wasn't cheap, you almost have to hit the jackpot to pay for a meal there, but well worth it it was. My friends and I had a wonderful meal and afterwards we enjoyed cigars at a bar where the bartender was a tall, shapely, redhead stuffed into a black patent leather dominatrices out fit. But that's another review!
3	My friend and I went here before going to Zumanity. I am usually not a fan of eating at NYNY because the restaurants don't seem that great (Il Fornaio). I looked up the reviews on yelp for Gallagher's and it got good reviews, so we gave it a shot. I rarely eat steak but when I do I want it to be good. I had a reservation and when we arrived almost the whole restaurant was empty but the host was was having a hard time finding our reservation and took a few minutes to find it with the help of 3 people. I don't know why didn't just seat us, hmm. The place does not have a modern feel to it, and usually when I am going to spend alot of money on food I kind of enjoy the atmosphere as well too. That aside, we were so excited about the bread since you usually get really yummy bread at steakhouses. The bread was the really crusty kind and flaky but soft in the middle, a sourdough loaf. Not what we were expecting. I guess I am used to the pretzel bread, cheesy bread, and all the other cool kinds of bread you get at other steakhouses. The service was very good, someone there to fill your water every time you took a sip practically. My friend and I shared the cowboy rib-eye steak $38 it was very big. The steak just wasn't as good as I hoped for. The sauce on top was good. We shared 4 cheese mac and cheese and creamed spinach-both I enjoyed. But usually sides at steakhouses are always good. The portion was pretty small on the sides. We shared a toffee bread pudding dessert with vanilla ice cream. It was the size of a brownie. It was good but not amazing. I would not go back here. I prefer Nine, T-bones, Fleming's, etc.
5	Best Steak We've had, Ever (To Date).  The only problem, Over eating!  Had the Largest Prime Rib, and was AWESOME.  We are VERY picky about our steaks, my date had a New York, and both were cooked perfectly.  Price was moderate, and decore is what you would expect in a New York restaurant (Similar to Sardi's atmosphere),  Theres a reason your steak comes by itself and sides are seperate!Cant wait to try the Gallaghers in NYC.
3	Got stuck in the back room here this time.  I can only assume its because we had a party of 8.  The waitress was way over-worked back here so the service suffered (even though we had reservations.)  Other than her, the water guys and assistant servers were on point.  The steak was okay.  This seems to be the only place in Vegas that gets away with selling an 8 ounce filet for the same price most places get for much larger...so I went for a different steak that kinda disappointed.  The sides were good, and so were the drinks when they actually got there (sssssssslllllloooooooooowwwwwwwww waitress.)  I still had a blast because of the company I was with and the jack daniels buzz, but I would really recommend you sit in the main dining room of this place if you go.  Its one of the few high-end restaurants in Vegas where you don't feel like an asshole if you are a regular person not wearing $3000 worth of clothes.  Atmosphere in the main room and food is great.  Back room where they stuck us;  not so much
2	My decision to dine at Gallagher's was based on Yelp reviews, and either the system failed me or Gallagher's was majorly off on a major night. I dined there this past NYE and expected my party and I to have melt-in-your-mouth steaks and a dining experience to be boasted to friends. Um...not so much. The much reviewed rib-eye was not on the night's menu--there really wasn't much to choose from at all. My halibut order detailed an accompanying sauce and vegetable that did not materialize--or have much taste. Each person in my party ordered the lobster bisque--also sub-par and two ordered steaks that were mediocre. My review of a restaurant is mainly based on customer service and quality of food. Gallagher's failed me on both accounts, though less on the former. I have no problem with "Go big or go home", especially in Vegas. But I also expect service and quality of food to be commensurate with the money I put down. I could have gone to Denny's that night for the same quality of food...you get the idea.
5	It was all about the warm spinach salad.   If you are going to be a steakhouse you better get this right and they certainly did just that!  The End
5	every single thing I've ever had at this place has tasted deeeeeeelicious.  I'm not even a big steak fan, and it doesn't matter, because everything this place cooks is delicious.  I've had:  the petite filet (tasty, moist, tender), baked potato (GIGANTIC, buttery, salty, exquisite), broccoli (about as good as steamed broccoli could be, HUGE pieces), butternut squash soup (to die for), caesar salad (crisp, perfect amount of dressing and cheese, crunchy croutons), and chocolate lava cake (orgasmic).  My friends had:  shrimp cocktail, surf and turf, cowboy cut steak (i think that's what it's called, all i know is it's EXPENSIVE), oysters, and they all said it was the most delicious food they've ever eaten.  a great place to eat, definitely pricey, but one of those places you should eat at when you're on vacation because dammit, you deserve it.  side note, our waiter was really, really awesome, i wish i could remember his name.  Oh, and my friend had a dirty ketel one martini and said it may have been one of the best she'd ever had.
4	be sure to bring your appetite!!  =)this was THE BEST PRIME RIB i've ever had to date.  WOW..  i got the queen's cut of prime rib medium rare.  it was HUGE and cooked to perfection.  there was a choice of creamy or straight horseradish.  i had the straight -- the strongest, best horseradish.  see the theme??THE APPETIZERSMARYLAND CRABCAKESdelish!!  3 crabcakes with real crabmeat drizzled with mayonnaise chipotle.GRILLED ARTICHOKEan artichoke cut in half.  there were two kinds of mayonnaise to dip the artichoke in -- garlic or chipotle.  thoroughly enjoyed this appetizer.THE SIDESCREAMED SPINACH -- good but not spectacularMASHED POTATOES -- would have been better if they were garlic-flavor or horseradish flavored, etc.  just plain.THE MEATCOWBOY RIB EYE -- HUGE cut of meat.  i tried some but my love is prime rib...QUEEN'S CUT PRIME RIB -- the BEST PRIME RIB i've ever had.  medium rare is the way to go if you are a meat lover like me.  i REALLY REALLY ADORE my meat.  and yes, i did finish the WHOLE thing.boo...on not having ANY appetite for dessert.  i wanted to try dessert but so could not.  in fact, i had overeaten to the point where i could not gamble either.  LOL..MY ADVICE:prime rib lovers get the prime rib.  you can share the king's cut between two people.  i would go with appetizers vs. the sides.  and of course, bring a GIGANTIC appetite cuz you'll need it!!!  ENJOY.. PRIME RIB!!  PRIME RIB!!  PRIME RIB!!!  =)
4	Probably the place I enjoyed eating at most in Vegas, though also likely some of the worst service I had.Let's hit the bullet points. Steakhouse in NY-NY. Pricey, but not excessively so (especially for Vegas).  Great food, meh atmosphere, and while I personally had poor service, my impression was that in general, the service is very good.My dinner partner and I both had filet mignon - very, very good.  We also split a side of mac and cheese.  Not only was it enough to share (though probably not so much that you'd be a pig if you ate the whole thing yourself), but it was absolutely amazing.  Served in a metal pot, with some kind of crust baked on top... I enjoyed it as much as the steak, and I love steak, and it was a good steak.  The meat also came with one giant potato chip, which I thought was unique, if weird.  Also, not the best potato chip I've ever had, but then, I'm partial to pringles.My one real gripe was that we asked our waiter for information on the size of the steak - and we were told 20 ounces, with a large bone.  This seemed odd to us, and, indeed, when our neighbor's  waiter came by, he gave a spiel going through the whole menu, the specials, the sizes of the steaks,etc, and it was an 8 ounce cut of meat, which seemed to make a bit more sense.  I wouldn't have minded the nice menu rundown.  I totally had waiter envy.Also, while fantastic, the meal was over a hundred dollars.  Not terrible, I guess, but we didn't have drinks, desserts, appetizers... even separate sides.  And the atmosphere isn't what I would expect for that.  It's dark, but not especially romantic, and at least where we were sitting it was hard to forget we were in the middle of a casino.  I'd prefer to have had a little more of an escape.So, possibility for a great steak, and based on the mac & cheese, the other dishes are likely quite good as well, but not the place to go if you want to be frugal or want to have a special dining experience.But sometimes, it's just all about that great steak, isn't it?
2	I was really expecting high marks for Gallagher's after reading good reviews, but I came out feeling disappointed; not so much on the food but for the service. When we walked in, I already had a bad vibe from the hostess. The quality of customer service wasn't there compared to Mastro's or even Ruth's Steakhouse. Once again, we had a 20 percent coupon so decided to try this place out.We started on with their calamari. It was tender and nicely breaded although it seems a little limped and not crispy enough. The marinara sauce was the star of the appetizer...I couldn't stop eating it even after all the calamari was gone, I dipped the complimentary bread with it. Then we had the baby spinach salad but to my surprise it had blue cheese on it which I am not a fan. On the menu, it didn't explain what it came with but ordered it anyways. The salad was decent, nothing spectacular..it was just a salad after all.Hubby ordered the dry aged sirloin steak with the side of mac and cheese. I had some of his steak and it was pretty good but didn't taste a huge difference from that steak to a Mastro's steak. The mac n cheese was a true disappointment; it lacked season and flavor. It seems like they finished making the mac n cheese before the steak since the cheese was not smooth but coagulated. Going back to the service, our waiter probably came to our table twice to check in and a couple times, it seemed he purposely passed our table to go the one next to us. We had better service from the bread and water person. My water was always filled without me asking for it.
4	yay Gallagher's!  One of my favorite places as a local to go.  Consistently good and great atmosphere.
3	I didn't know what to expect of Gallaghers, but my friends from New York City said this chain had some of the best steaks around so I had to try it. We had a reservation on a Saturday night, and were seated quickly. The menu is all ala carte. I had the Prime Rib, potatoes, and asparagus. I ordered my prime rib medium well, and it came out very well done (no pink whatsoever). My friend ordered his Prime Rib medium and it was rare (bloody). You'd think for a $38 steak they could get it right. I will say the cuts were nice and think (14oz), but the flavor wasn't anything I haven't already tasted at most steak houses. The asparagus and yukon gold mashed however, were very very tasty.  Another person in our party got the surf and turf and the filet was very small. There was also a hair in their side order of mushrooms (we were given free creme brulee for this). It was an okay experience, but for the price ($500 for dinner for 6 people without alcohol), I'd expect near perfection.
2	We had a lot of mixed feelings about this place. The price/quality of their signature steak was great...we just left feeling very underwhelmed by the quality of the service. We originally booked a reservation here because it was around the corner from the Zumanity show that we had tickets for. The hostess we originally talked to was very polite and informative letting us know that a 9:30 pm booking was probably the best time since our show was for 7:30. At this point, we had high hopes for this place. The day of our booking we called to confirm our reservation and the hostess hung up on my bf mid sentence saying, "No we don't have a booking under that name." Confused, I called back, and they eventually found our name. I wanted to make sure I received the check since it was my bf's b-day weekend. She said "Ok" then hung up without asking me which of the 4 people under our reservation that I was. Our server was ok...but obviously didn't get the message about the check. (Surprise Surprise) When we asked for our check she threw it down next to my bf. Of course if he sees the check he's going to try to pay for it!!! It was his birthday, this is what I was trying to avoid!
3	this should be 3.5the place was nice and our waiter was really cool, he was working the back room where we were seated, telling jokes talking to customers, just having a great time.  The crab cakes were great, the best I  have had in a long time, my GF had a fillet Mignon which she loved, it was very tender.  And I had a rib eye, I wasn't totally impressed because as one of the other reviewers said "it tasted like a home grilled steak" but a very good grilled steak though.their wine list is decently sized and the wines by the glass were outstandingI will come back next time we are in Vegas
5	Everything about our dinner here was perfect - the Prime rib and their signature dry aged New York Sirloin cooked to perfection.  We also had sides whiched included, sauteed mushrooms  and asparagus that complimented the meal perfectly.  My wine selection consisted of a Chalone pinot noir which went very well with dinner. For desert, the creme brulee was sugar heaven. Our waiter was very attentive to our needs throughout the meal but did not rush us.  I would definitely eat here again.
1	We went to the Zumanity show one year and saw this steakhouse in the New York New York.  The steaks displayed were quite impressive which is what drew me to make a reservation the next year we visited Vegas.  I was dissapointed and will not go back.  The steaks seemed to be good quality and were cooked perfectly.  However, they had no flavor.  They tasted like they werent even salted.  I would say maybe that they just forgot to season, but my wife ordered the exact same steak (New York dry-aged), and it was the same as mine.  It was very, very, expensive.  The side dishes weren't good either.  The service didn't impress me.  The waiter seemed to care less whether you enjoyed dinner or not.  Our plates and silverware had black char marks and fingerprints (very easy to see) on them.  The girls working the front and phones were quite rude.  Take my advice!  Don't let the flashly display steaks make you think this place is good.
5	Went this weekend to Vegas...... I heard that this place was very good and kinda Pricey..... Their Ceazar salads were great at $9 each. Their "aged New York" steak ($39) was great, and as well as their porterhouse($42). Cooked to perfection. We ordered the asparagus($9), Yukon mashed potatoes($9), French Green Beans ($9), and four cheese mac-n-cheese ($9). Evrything was great and tasty.... we ended up paying about $170, tip and sodas included. Overall, the service was great, and the food was perfect.
4	Very expensive, but worth every penny. The steaks are huge and cooked exactly how we asked them to be. Try the french green beans (order is enough for two). We paid maybe $150 for two of us and it was nice atmosphere for dining. Inside the busy NYNY Resort but the restuarant is pretty quiet.
5	Stopped in to Gallaghers before our Cirque du Soliel show at the N.Y N.Y.We started the meal with a shrimp scampi app. My husband had the Cesar and I had the gazpacho, which was amazing. We also had the shrimp scampi for an app. It had a delicious warm spicy sauce..not your usual butter scampi sauce... I ordered the queen cut prime rib, and Ben had the surf and turf with the hugest lobster I've ever seen. I hardly put a dent in my prime rib..It was huge. I wish I could have taken it with me. We also had the lobster mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, both were awesome but we could not finish. The servings here are HUGE.The food was excellent for the money (I think this meal would have cost me more at home in S.F.)  I think our total was around $200 before tip..not bad..The highlight of our meal was our server Norman. Norman's service was phenomenal. I hope he is working  next time we are visiting.
4	The best Steak Ive ever had.Ive tried steak from just about every place known for great steak and the Rib eye here is completely unbelievable. Charred just right but still perfectly medium, it was lightly flavored with pepper and salt thus letting the flavor of the meat shine through. For the four of us we had three entrees, Lamb- pretty good but I have had betterPrime rib- incredible but I have had better Au jus, though the cut and the meat was excellent. The portions were so big though that four people couldn't finish it all(we always share so that we can get the maximum variety of tastes)
5	The steaks here are excellent! The service is good too. A great steak won't cost you $50+ here either. This is my Favorite Steakhouse in LV.
5	Simply the Best, need to share at this place as portions are Huge, A++++Save room for Sticky pudding, we always start and finish our vacation with a great dinner from Gallagher's Steakhouse
5	Second time eating at this top notch steakhouse in the NYNY casino.Service quality drops throughout dinner, but initially they are refilling water, folding napkins if you walk away to wash hands,etc.Clam Chowder was chunky and well prepared.Steaks are some of the best I have ever eaten. French Fries are not plain steak fries as listed, but are well seasoned well fried and served with a steak sauce infused ketchup. Asparagus makes another fine side.Desserts are "ok" and coffee refills are somewhat slow, but steaks are awesome.  Also had the Australian Lobster tail in '08 and it was great.
5	This was the first place my husband and I went after checking in to our hotel room. It's located in the New York - New York Hotel & Casino. We didn't get a table inside, but instead sat at the bar. The bartenders were fantastic, really friendly and helpful. We ordered a few drinks and the mussel appetizer. The mussels were absolutely fantastic! And I loved the mixed drinks I got. They also bring out baskets of bread with butter. I would definitely go back there for dinner!
5	The bf chose to have his birthday dinner here on our last trip to Vegas. Overall, great service, great food, great drinks! We'd been to Ruth's Chris for steak everytime we're in Vegas, and this time he wanted to try something different. Thanks to all those Yelpers out there for helping us decide! I called on a Friday morning to make dinner reservations for that same day, no problem! I do recommend reservations, as there were people being quoted some serious wait times as we walked in. The atmosphere in this place is great. Dimly lit, dark woods and you can even peer into the kitchen from the dining room. Our server was awesome, very attentive without being smothering. We enjoyed some mixed drinks from the bar.. very good! For dinner we both had a wedge salad, shared the mac 'n cheese, I ordered the fillet, he got the strip steak. First of all, I cannot even begin to describe how wonderfully tasty the mac 'n cheese was!!! Gooey goodness of cheese with pieces of bacon mixed in. My mouth is seriously watering just thinking of it. It's a MUST have, so make sure to order it. We both liked our steaks, even though we agree that Ruth's Chris steaks are better. If I was ranking this place just based on steaks, they'd get 4 stars, but their outstanding service, superb mac 'n cheese, relatively reasonable prices and overall great ambiance boosts this place up to the almighty 5 stars!
5	I'm a HUGE steak fan & I've eaten at many of the top-end chop houses.  This place was GREAT....and well worth the price.It's a NY style chop house so the interior is more old school vs some of the fancy places in vegas.The steak is probably the best steak I've ever had....and I"m not too easy to please.
5	Night out on the strip it's a must you stop by here if you are a steak lover.  The service is flawless! The drinks are impeccable!  The food makes love to your palate!The amazing things I put in my mouth:Bluepoint Oysters:  Fresh, cold, horseradish, lemon slices, chili sauce, and if I wanted Tapatio trust me the service is so amazing that they would have found it!Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail: The definition of Jumbo, excellent cocktail sauce with plenty of kick, and perfectly chilled.Surf & Turf:  This entree is my food soul mate! This dish makes fatties sweat, makes red meat junkies shiver, makes sea lovers quiver, and foodies cream their seams! Filet Mignon, Maine Lobster, and served with this delicious drip off your lip herb lobster sauce.  Made for the King of kings!!!!!!!!Went with a bottle of Moet & Chandon, my glass never was filled by me, as a matter of fact I think the service here is telepathic.  Every time I even thought of serving myself more, POOF like magic the waiter would be right there.  The waiter went as far as cleaning off the table every single time he took a plate or brought a plate.  The best part is he never interrupted conversation.Definitely an excellent experience, one that will not be forgotten.
5	We came here to celebrate my friend's birthday.  He is a huge red meat fan.. and I heard through the grapevine from some Vegas locals, that this is the best place for some good steak.  I will definitely make a stop here for an intimate dinner each time I go back to Las Vegas.  I ordered the Alaskan split King Crab legs and my date ordered the Cowboy Bone In Ribeye.  Both were amazing.  Our side was the Four cheese macaroni, it was so-so.  We glanced at the plates of our neighboring tables and noticed that everything looked yummy.  The service was superb... we never had to ask for anything and all of the workers were attentive to everyone.  There was someone making rounds for photos.. and we didn't feel hassled by her at all.  But we were celebrating a special occasion and ended up purchasing the pictures anyway, and she even threw in an extra picture at no charge.
5	Hard to add much new to the reviews other than if you want a good NY style steak at the NY NY casino this is the place.  Good service, well made drinks and of course expensive but what NY style steak house is not?  Have been here several times, never had anything other than steak so cannot comment on the few other choices.
4	One of the better steakhouses @ Vegas. I am a huge fan. Best restaurant in New York New York casino. Ribeye is probably the best. Great wine selection as well. Creme of spinach + potatoes are also very good.
5	my plus one took me here for a lovely, lovely birthday dinner before the beatles love show.  Everything was superb and deliciously season!  Pass on the mac and cheese it was so so and honestly coudl've skipped it completely, however, that did hamper the incredible dinner at all.  Since it was vegas and drinks were plenty at the tables we opted for the most valuable of all things in vegas... Water! the steak was cooked to order! I didn't any of  my lovely companion's crab legs cause I'm not a shell fish kind of man but she sure did make it look good!I like staying at NYNY and now i'll go to this place more often since my first time was the best time and it was on my actual birthday!
4	I love this place.  I really love it.  It's not cheap so win big or plan for about 100 a head (tax and tip included) for dinner and a bottle of decent wine.  The steaks are aged very well and for 39 dollars you get a very nice and very tender 16 ounce New York Strip.  The sides-Mac and Cheese, Mashed Potatos, and all the other standards are amazing.  I saw desert but I just couldn't after eating the steak.  I'll be back on my next trip.
3	As New York New York is my favorite casino on the strip I've been through here many times, and walked past their dry age coolers many times drooling. This past trip my brother and I finally broke down and decided to give this place a try. This might be because we'd really built up our expectations, but the end feeling we were both left with was, "Huh - well that was good, but really nothing special."We were seated promptly upon arrival and greeted by a very friendly and helpful waitress. She introduced us to the menu, talked about their different cuts, and took drink orders. While sipping on our manhattans, we placed our meal orders, both ordering the same thing - clam chowder, their signature NY strip, and the garlic mashed potatoes.The clam chowder was spectacular. Thick, creamy, chunky. The mashed potatoes were good, but a bit too whipped for my liking. The steak - the signature wet and dry aged steak - was, well, tough and not all that flavorful. The waitress did recommend the ribeye (saying it was her favorite), and hindsight being what it is I'm thinking we should have listened to her.There are many better places in Vegas than this one, including one of my favorites (Mon Ami Gabi). The place is decent, but for the price you can do much better elsewhere.
4	It was the first day of our Las Vegas strip trip and we still had our money-So we decided to go to Gallagher's before blowing our money at the Craps table.The food here is good. I'm not much of a steak person, but my boyfriend is. He ordered the dry-aged New York Strip, claiming it was cooked well, full of flavor and not tough!  I ordered the maize-fed chicken. The chicken was oven-roasted, moist and overall well seasoned with roasted veggies.As far as their sides, we  ordered their calamari, which was a bit too soggy for my taste. The other side we ordered (Asiago mashed potatoes) seemed to be a bit too TGIF type for the place.Overall it was a pleasant experience. Their staff was friendly and knowledgeable on their wines, but my biggest complain is the location of their restroom. (it's outside the restaurant in the casino) and the tacky decor of the restaurant...
5	Awwww Gallagher's my long lost love.  It had been some time since we had last dined here and boy had we missed it.  For the New Year we wanted  a nice romantic meal and this was the place to do so.  The place has a wonderful old school charm with great waiters.  The menu hasn't changed over the last 10 years or so but the prices have definitely gone up.  We decide on the cowboy steak (bone in ribeye) that is huge enough to share.  I started with the jumbo prawn cocktail and my hubby the salad.  We also  shared the steamed broccoli and colossal baked potato.  And to top it off the wonderful sticky toffee pudding.  Everything was superb and perfectly prepared, the potato was like heaven as was the steak.  Oh and the gooey goodness of the pudding is unreal.  So if you're in the area and are looking for a wonderful steak eat here!
4	Came here specifically so the bf can eat the dry aged NY sirloin. We first heard about dry aged beef on food network, and were intrigued by the aging process. Last summer, while strolling by NY NY on the last day of our vegas trip, we walked by Gallagher's. Unfortunately at that time, we didn't have time to try their steak and the bf left vegas disappointed. For the holidays, we trekked back to vegas...and a part of me thinks we went back to vegas to satisfy my bf's intrigue of the dry aged NY sirloin. So to appease the bf, we went here. He of course had the NY sirloin, and I had the filet mignon.  And to give Gallagher's credit...the NY sirloin was yummy, but it didn't taste that much different than a wet aged piece-o-meat. The filet was small but cooked to perfection. Overall, very enjoyable. However
5	Best Value for a top notch steak on the strip.I will be back, which is tough to say in Vegas, where it's fun to consistently try new places.Grades are compared with many Vegas steakhouses from Bally's to Prime.I had the Ribeye. B+.  My girl had the Surf & Turf.  A+.  Both steaks cooked to perfection.  Professional service.  Total bill for 2 with appetizer (calamari B+), wine, best entrees available, and a couple deserts was only around $200.  I've paid way more in Vegas and I can't say I've even been as pleased.  And this is right after a $2k downswing at the tables so it may be even better than I remembered if you go for "free" after a win.
5	Amazing dry-aged beef!  Do not go anywhere else if you know what good beef tastes like.  Great for any occasion.  Delicious roasted garlic garnish with all of the steaks.  Do not pass this up.
5	This place was awesome! I had one of the best steaks of my life here. I ordered the NY sirloin medium well, and they cooked it absolutely perfectly. It was so juicy and flavorful I didn't even have to add salt or pepper. I also ordered these jalapeno mashed potatoes that were the special. OMG they were SOOO delicious! My husband ordered the cowboy steak (ribeye) along with steak fries. He's a BIG meat eater, so when he's happy I know they did a good job. He practically licked the plate clean. I also wanted to mention that our waitress was outstanding. She was very attentive, knew the menu inside and out, and was just plain fun. We'll be back on our next stop to Vegas for sure.
4	Been to this place once,the steaks are good, the houseaged sirloin  was big, dry, hardand tasted great, good flavor. Butagain, it was hard and dry. I guess theyhave not perfected their dry aging process.Sides dishes were top notch and, big enough toshare. I also tried their ribeye, very good, butit didn't make my jaw drop like the steaks at Strip steak, or the 9.
5	Had my birthday dinner at Gallaghers.  What a great experience.Had a reservation but they were able to seat us when we got there 1/2 an hour prior. The customer service was phenomal, our waiter was so attentive and checked on us frequently (but not stalker frequently).  He was really knowledable about the steaks (I wanted to know which was the softest.)  I ordered a lemond drop which was the most fabulous lemon drop I've ever had.  I ordred a New York steak, my husband ordered the Cowboy Sirloin or something like that.  I should technically have given them 4 starts since they mixed my medium with his medium rare, but that being said within minutes of us letting them know, the manager was at our table apologizing for the mistake (they took my m.rare and cooked it to med) and he offered us each a dessert on the house!! Like I said, phenominal customer service.  I would definitely go back to this place.  Great drink, great food, great people!One recommendation to those who havent been there: The steaks are enormous!  I would recommend sharing the steak with someone, unless you want to carry around the take-out box as you walk the strip.
5	Quiet possibly the most perfectly cooked Fillet Mignon I've ever had! A little pricey but for the quality and service, it was very well worth it! Very nice wine selection, including an 06 Stags Leap petite syrah and a very fair price on Silver Oak Cabernet. Our side dishes included marinated mushrooms and a loaded baked potato, both were amazing, but way too much after such a large cut of beef.!! Service was really great and this is the only good thing about the NY NY. Overall A+
5	I can't believe it's been nearly a year since R and I went to Vegas. Despite the months, the memory of the meal we shared here is still very vibrant. It really was quite an experience. We dined at Gallagher's shortly after seeing Zumanity. These two experiences equaled one really awesome night. My meal started off with the soup of the day, which was cream of mushroom on this particular evening. I love cream of mushroom soup. This soup was just phenomenal. I would bathe in it if I could. The only bad thing I can say about it is it's filling. Naturally you should expect that from a cream based soup. I've been day dreaming about this soup ever since I ate it. Next was our steaks. We both ordered the fillet Mignon and I asked for mine to be cooked to medium. I also ordered the red wine sauce to accompany my steak. I checked the online menu to verify the information I was going to include in this review and didn't see the red wine sauce. Nor did I see the macaroni and cheese I seem to remember ordering as a side. I was enjoying some lovely Merlot while at Gallaghers but I don't seem to think I enjoyed enough of it to have imagined the red wine sauce and the amazing mac and cheese (which came with a "cracker" of melted cheese on top of it- yum!). So- they must have changed the menu a bit. Anyway, the meal was just heavenly. If I had to be picky I'd say my steak was a tad below "medium" but it was delicious so who the hell cares. This was by far the most amazing steak dinner I've had in ages and I'd go back to Gallagher's in a minute. Please open one in DC!!!!!
5	For a great steak in Vegas, I would definitely recommend Gallagher's.  The steak was one of the most delicious I've had in quite some time.  To my utter sadness, there was no refrigerator in our room, so I could not take my leftovers back.  Even now I feel sad I could not revisit this delicious NY bone-in aged steak, cooked medium rare to perfection, seasoned so well no additonal salt, pepper or sauces were needed.  I wish I could have taken it back and loved it some more.  But, I digress!  The sides were great - we ordered the asparagus, mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese.  I didn't try the mashed potatoes, as often that is not my favorite, but the mac and cheese so so good and rich, heavy, homemade noodles in a rich and very cheesy cream sauce- YUM!  The asparagus was also great.  Gallagher's does a good job and keeping a dimmed, steakhouse ambiance, even though it's smack dab in the middle of the NY NY casino, which is loud and over the top, to say the least.  It was nice to come here dressed up.  True, it's not as ambient as some steak houses outside of Vegas, such as Morton's in LA, but you are in Vegas, so you have to give Gallagher's kudos to keeping that ambience alive inside its walls.  The Oregon Pinot Noir I had here was good, nothing wowing - I was hoping for some CA Pinot on the menu.  DH's soup was very good.  My caesar salad was pretty bland, dressed very lightly.  It was just okay.  But, the steak- wow.  The dessert menu looked amazing, but we were just too full.
4	Our first night in town we decided to dine in the casino we were staying at. A steakhouse immediately got me salivating as I was perusing the often mediocre hotel dining options available to me.We walked down and were seated quickly. The waiter was friendly and very knowledgeable. Actually I was super impressed with his knowledge of not only the different options, but the intricacies of each. I ordered the fillet mignon  and a side of creamed spinach. My companion ordered the soup of theday (I believe is was cream of tomato or something like that) and a Caesar salad. We also ordered bruschetta as an appitizer.The bruschetta came out soon enough. It was pretty good but we both thought it was a little too salty and too covered in olive oil. Not a huge disappointment but definitely not that great either.Our entrees came out shortly after and I was thoroughly impressed. Though a bit pricey, my fillet was super tender and moist. I ordered it medium-rare (as I order all my red meats) and it was cooked perfectly. The creamed spinach was really good as well and definitely went well with the cut of cow in front of me.Her soup and salad were both satisfying, though the salad was wrapped in large leaves of lettuce that were somewhat difficult to cut-up. After a short, small struggle everything was consumable and delicious.Overall our meal was great. The service was fantastic and the quality of the food and selection was excellent. Not a five-star steakhouse by any means but far better than I'd ever imagine hotel-dining to be.
5	I love me a bloody Steak! I love my meat to speak to me. "what was that you said?" ha! This place is awesome, price you say? doesn't really matter when all that is on your mind is a great piece of steak. I can still taste it, mmmm....... Is there such a thing that steak melts in your mouth? well this one did. I introduced my friend to oysters, she absolutely loved them. Has been hooked ever since, I'm not sure if you will find the same quality oysters "everywhere" but it is a safe bet to say these are quite delish! This is definitely a spot that comes to mind when you say, "VEGAS" I hear, "GALLAGHER'S".I recommend sitting outside with the piano bar view. It is very entertaining.
5	I was not expecting to find a good steakhouse at NY NY, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Well, actually, it was more like a shock.  I definitely recommend this place.  The aged bone-in rib eye was really good and the taste is authentic.  If you like steak and you always hit a steakhouse on your Vegas trip... then you should definitely try this place.  The taste is Very Unique, Very Gallagher. ;)The wine list is also decent (I say decent because they only list the winery and not the vintage) and they offer a good selection by the glass.  I was surprised to find Justin Obtuse on the dessert wine menu.  (Not too many restaurants carry this one...)The price isn't outrageous compared to other Vegas steakhouses.  The food is awesome but the decor is outdated.
5	Best meal I had on my trip!  The Prime Rib was excellent and the horseradish was very fresh.Service was excellent.
4	Why the fuck would you go here and NOT get the aged NY Strip or Cowboy steak?  Because you're an idiot and you probably don't watch Battlestar Galactica either.  Our waiter was knowledgeable but could have been a bit more attentive in terms of checking in on us.  Overall food was epic and service was adequate.
4	Our last night in Vegas, the boyfriend and I decided to do a nice dinner.  I've heard great things about Gallagher's, so we decided to give this restaurant a try.  We were seated right away by the hostess, and then greeted by our server.  Our server was very charming, attentive, and thorough.  We started with the calamari for our appetizers.  Very good, i might add.  And for our entrees we both ordered the dry aged new york steak.  When our steak arrived we were in awe.  The dry aged new york steak was so thick and huge, it could feed two people!  It was juicy and mouthwatering good.  I almost finished mine with an exception of a few pieces.  But what do you expect when you get a hungry girl whose had her last 4 meals at various buffets (which I hate).  So, Gallagher's was the cherry on top of my trip to vegas.
5	Based on a glass of Pinot, a Ceasar salad, lots of gratis sourdough and butter, some NY Cheesecake and a generous perfect bite of med rare prime rib, this spot is a must if you enjoy meat. DO IT!!!! It was all exactly how it should be! I will go back and try other things, like the mushrooms for Mister and I will get my own steak this time. (Smaller is better, otherwise it is HUGE!!)Service was very good and friendly too :)
5	Best steakhouse EVER.  The decor and ambiance of the restaurant could be spruced up a bit but the steak more than makes up for the negatives.  I ordered the rib eye and that first bite was just orgasmic...  The steak was perfectly seasoned with such an amazing flavor that just melted in my mouth.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  My friend ordered the New York and that was just as good.  Definitely a place to visit while in Vegas.  Ask for some horseradish on the side as well.  They were the strongest horseradish I've ever had in my life but so so good.
5	An oasis of goodness in a sea of crazy. Great wedge salad, great steaks and sides. As good as Craftsteak across the street. Excellent date joint with primo service. Go and save a few bucks to play some Blackjack!
5	Dry-aged beef FTW!Been here for a few times and most recently after a tradeshow.  It seriously is one of my favorite steakhouse... anywhereI always get the dry-aged New York strip sirloin, done medium rare.  It's an amazing piece of steak.  Must be around 20-24oz, it is just thick.  It's always grilled perfectly.  That first bite, when the fat from the steak just melts in your mouth... is just the best.  I never get any sauces or condiments to go with the steak since I think they season the steak so well that nothing is needed.  Having grilled with the bone gives it that extra flavor too.  Better than any steak I've had anywhere.As for sides, that's the only downer.  All the veggies are pretty much sauteed and drenched in butter.  It's absolutely delicious but at the same time... it just might be too much.  Mashed potatoes are nothing special and mac & cheese isn't that cheesy to me.  Caesar salad is big pieces of romaine lettuce with grated parmesan reggiano.  Nothing special but the croutons is crazy good.  I can eat a bowl full.  Also got to try the fried calamari this time around.  Pretty damn delicious, especially with the marinara sauce.  But really, if you come to a steakhouse, the only thing that matters is the steak!Located in NYNY, the steakhouse looks like a classic steakhouse from NY with the decor.  You would think it would be loud since it's right next to the casino floor but its more from the patrons that are dining and the high ceiling.  Make reservations, cause it's not big at all and it can get full fast.If you want a lot of steak, order the Cowboy steak.  It is huge, just huge.
5	My husband and I wanted a nice dinner while in Vegas and found Gallagher's thru Yelp. It was close to our hotel and not terribly overpriced, so we decided that would be the spot.We are SO glad we chose this place. For appetizer, we had the calamari. SO good. For dinner, I had the Queen cut Prime Rib (medium) and my husband had the Ribeye (medium rare). Both were huge, cooked perfectly and tasted AMAZING. As sides we had the macaroni & cheese and asparagus. Seriously, the macaroni & cheese is to die for. The hickory bacon in it makes it just amazing. We had so many leftovers that we took a doggy bag back to our hotel for a friend. It was about $100 for both of us, which wasn't too bad at all, and worth every penny.The *only* complaint is that they sort of shoved us in a corner table (not sure if the fact that we are an obviously pierced/tattooed couple had anything to do with it), but a better table would have been nice. However, our waiter Phillip was very nice & seemed non-judgmental, so we didn't mind too much.
5	This is my favorite steak house in Vegas. The steaks are huge and always prepared to perfection. It is a bit noisy, but gives you that NY feel I guess.Not crazy overpriced for Vegas, for the quality you are getting. Never made it to desert as the steaks are so big!
3	l was looking forward to having a nice steak during my trip to Vegas. I saw the great reviews on Yelp and thought Gallagher's would be the spot. My bf and I ordered a few things to share:1. Calamari - Good2. Onion Soup (Special of the Day) - Great!3. Mac n Cheese - Not Good4. Aged Steak ($39) - AverageFor being a Steakhouse, I enjoyed my appetizers more than the steak. I expected the aged steak to be more flavorful and tender. My hopes of a great steak during my weekend in Vegas was broken.
3	My husband loves red meat... I do not. They have a dress code [sort of.. men must have sleeved shirts]. My husband got the dry aged NY and seemed to really love it. I just got a baked potato.. which was HUGE and a meal in itself. The staff was very nice! The atmosphere looked like an old steakhouse. The dirty martini was delicious, but we were there and had to wait for quite awhile to get our food, even at 10pm during the week.
5	came here for a birthday dinner. loved every single bite, from my aged steak to the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes. definitely up there on my list of most delicious steakhouses.
4	Visited this steakhouse during my wedding anniversary trip last month. My wife and I love a great steak and after looking at the numerous steakhouses Las Vegas has to offer I settlted on Galleghers based on a reccomendation made by a co-worker. Located inside New York New York this steakhouse is pretty small but well arranged. We had dinner to celebrate our anniversary. As with many fine steakhouses everything is a la carte, we both decided on the Cowboy Ribeye and I chose (my favorite) sauteed mushrooms, my wife picked mac n cheese as our sides. The mac n cheese was different comes with pieces of bacon so it gave it a  smokey, crunchy touch. I must say the steak was great!! Cooked to perfection, excellent pink center steak comes with a pile of thin onion rings. Now I'm not know for being a light eater but I must say that this cut was a big portion that for the first time in my steakhouse dining experience I didn't finish my steak and doggie bagged it.  My wife was shocked!! She asked if was ok. Lol I said yes I'm just very full. So we skipped dessert and headed back to our room where I had a bottle of my wifes favorite bubbly waiting for us.So if your ever in Vegas and can't decide on which steakhouse to try walk on over to New York New York and give Galleghers a try.
4	Excellent attentive service and extensive food and wine menu. Steaks are typically huge, my wife and I shared a 8oz Filet and left room for dessert.Good value for money for a posh eating experience in LV.
5	This is the best dried aged steak on the planet.Every year is a must stop at  NYNY casino for my medium cooked slice of the most tender juicy meat you can ever bite into.This year my Dad joined us in Vegas and had the clam chowder as well as a steak and we split two sides.Everything was awesome and we look forward to this meal once a year.Wish I could find a spot locally that compares but nothing does.Booked an easy reservation over my phone app.The server was great and on top of it.Thanks again Gallagher's and see you next year
5	5 stars folks!!!!! yessir 5 stars King cut prime rib med rare man vs food portion let us see how I fair! wow folks if u have tried house of prime rib in sf or broadway prime in burlingame this place puts both to shame, taste wise, portion wise, even price is decent for the size.definite must eat here spot when in the city of sin, literally there King cut is probably 2 of largest prime rib cuts at Broadway Prime or House of Prime Rib x 2 that is literally how big the King cut is. This is serious man food (arrr arrrr arrr "tool man taylor" would say) Portion good, service excellent, drinks excellent, go in small or large groups they can accomodate most size parties. I have other steaks all over the place and this is hands down the best that I have had in Vegas, HANDS DOWN that is a bold statement, it even comes close to toppling my all time favorite Bob's Steakhouse in SF..This I can honestly say if you are a carnivore this is the place you want to be, rare or med-rare is super flavorful all the way through!!! got to the center needed maybe a lil dash of salt but still even after 15min the meat just oozes flavor, Man VS Food in this contest MAN won, only left the fat and grissle usually I dont but due to the size of the meat I had to make room.You probably wont eat the next day til late dinner, for some people, try to get a lil starch in you just a lil and dont order appitizers trust me you wont need them.food ***** steaks KING CUT MED-RARE died and went to slaughterhouse heaven hahaprice $$$ for the King cut it was $38 the Porterhouse was $47 service ***** cut of water is all you need and it remained full all nightambiance **** dark, gloomy, like all steak houses.
3	Dry aged steak was over-rated!I had heard about Gallagher's famous dry aged steak and had high hopes of savoring the meat. When the moment of truth came, I just could not give high marks for it. Don't get me wrong! It's good. It's actually very good, and the service was excellent. But for a place like Vegas, where the world's GREATEST foods are suppose to be prevalent.... well, you get my drift.If this place was in my home town, I would have definitely given 4 stars, but the fact that it's in Vegas, I expect a little more. So expect to get very good steaks.... just don't push that bar too high - maybe that was my problem.
3	If their dry aged NY steak was their best, then they are gonna need some work. I had one medium rare - very iffy. Fried calamari---skip it. I would definitely do the creme spinach, cause it was creamy. My brother had the cowboy rib-eye which tasted way better. I forgot to add that the prices are ridiculously cheap.
5	The steaks at this restaurant are outstanding. They dry age the sirloins for 14 days which "darkens the color, deepens the flavor, and tenderizes the connective tissue". Translation: they taste REALLY *REALLY* good. The restaurant seemed fairly small so if it's a busy night or you like to eat at prime time (like 7:00pm), you might want to get a reservation. Another thing to note.. Like most nicer restaurants, everything is a la carte. They did provide bread (several kinds). I had a Cesare Salad which was good, but it was served I'm wedge form. It would have been better a little more "disassembled".Two of my party got the New England Clam Chiwder (the white one) and they both fished it quickly and one mopped up the extra with bread.. I'm taking that as a 'yum'.They have a nice selection of sides, from mushrooms to asparagus to baked or mashed potatoes. The asparagus was steamed but I asked if they would grill it and he accepted with out even thinking about it...The steaks were awesome. We had two filets and two of the house aged sirloins, and everyone marveled at their steaks.  They were cooked and seasoned perfectly.They do have other cuts, and chicken and seafood, but where I'm sire they're god, none of us had them. If you're looking for steak, this is a great alternative to the $50-$60 steak places. You won't be disappointed, or hungry!
5	Delicious steak!!  Ambiance is nice.  We came here with a party of 13 with a reservation.  The hostess was a bit stuck up telling us she needed 9 out of 13 of us to be present in order to be seated.  I understand the reasoning behind their policy but she was very rude about it.Things were better once we were seated.  Our waiter was very attentive and informative.  Our table ordered the mussels and calamari.  I personally didn't think it was anything special.  Our entrees arrived and it made up for the apps.  I ordered prime-rib and the significant other ordered their house special which was the the aged-steak.  The entrees were HUGE and super filling and their sides were delightful.  We did not have time for desert but that will be on the list next time.
4	This was kind of a bailout dinner choice for us since we have been here before and we usually try new places each time we come to LV, but we weren't in the mood to take a taxi anywhere or walk around and also wanted to be close to the Cirque theater since we had tickets for that night.   Gallagher's was definitely the best option at NYNY so we didn't mind at all.Dry aged beef lines the front of the restaurant, enticing the naive passerby to come check out their selection of prime cut steaks and chops.  Vintage pictures of stars and athletes line every bit of wall space that the moderate sized restaurant has to offer.  The relatively low ceilings and minimal windows create the appearance of a classic New York style supper house.  We arrived a few minutes before our reservation so I decided to jump on the shoe shining seat and have a good old fashioned hand shoe shine.  He made quick work on my shoes and I walked off with a seemingly brand new pair of kicks.  We walked in and it was surprisingly pretty crowded for a Sunday night.  We sat down near the rear of the back room, which sounds bad but it's actually pretty nice and quiet there and also it was near the door that leads to the restroom in the hall so it turned out to be a good spot.  Our server quickly greeted us and brought water and bread to our table.  We were torn on entrees and she was very eager to offer up some suggestions from her personal picks.  We agreed on the Ribeye and Rack of Lamb with sides of jalapeno mash and mushroom medley.  We also ordered the Crab Cocktail to start us off along with a bottle of a nice Chilean Red.Crab Cocktail - Basically 3 sections of King Crab served with lemon and cocktail sauce.  No work necessary since it was sliced in half lengthwise for us.  Delicious.Mushroom Medley - Great earthy side.  Not much to this so order if you love mushrooms.Jalapeno Mashed Potatoes - Cheesy potatoes with a slight kick (very slight)   Salted perfectly and not too much cheese.  Ribeye - For me, a ribeye is a ribeye so unless you overcook it, the only thing left is the size of the cut and this cut was huge.  Served on the bone, this is not for the feint of heart.Rack of Lamb - The star of the show.  Served medium rare is the key to perfection.  Basic seasonings along with a good sear makes lamb one of the best cuts around.  No different here.  Soooo good.  None of that mint jelly mess or paper booties needed.We had lots of leftovers so we took some to our room to store in ice.  We also took some olive bread as well.  Great leftover lunch the next day.We had a great meal here for a not-so-expensive price tag.  It was really good.  We would like to try some other cuts the next time we happen to be around here.Oh, and there's a lady that walks around taking pictures if you would like.  She comes back with like sets of pictures that she prints out and places in photo folders.  I felt like it was high school grad or prom or something.   We got to choose 8x10 or 5x7 or wallet size.  Lol.   We ended getting just one picture in 8x10.  Felt bad but she shouldn't have printed them all out without asking what we wanted first.  For better profit margin, get a digital photo frame and show all the pictures to the customer so save money on ink and paper.  Nothing wasted except battery life.  But i digress...
5	Outstanding meal !   We read a lot of reviews and asked a lot of locals about steakhouses and Gallagher's kept getting consistent reviews.Our table ordered the Fillet Mignon, Seared Ahi Tuna & Lobster Tails.  All were cooked to perfection and simply melted in your mouth.  Delicious!  Really wanted to try to their aged beef, which is on display, but it was just too much for us that night.  Wish we had more people in our party.  That way we could have tried more of the steaks!The service was top-notch too.  We would definitely go back.
4	So far, this is the best steakhouse I've been to in Las Vegas. Wonderful service, greal meal. I loved my steak, probably the only complaint was the way they grilled it, was a little too charred on the outside. Great taste, killer on the stomach. I haven't tried their signature dry aged steak, because both my sister and I are rib eye fans. Sides we had were spinach and mashed potatoes, both excellent. Just a great fun place to have a great steak!
5	Pricey, but well worth it. The service, the food, the atmosphere, was totally plush. We got a couple beers, had crabcakes, prawn cocktail, brocolli au gratin, and split a ribeye steak. It was all mouthwateringly yummy. We couldnt finish it, too full. The steak was HUGE! glad we shared. I left full and happy.
4	The original is New York, but that only makes it more fitting that this steak mecca be located in the New York, New York resort in Las Vegas. Sit down and pick out a great piece of meat at a place that will remind of the steakhouses you've eaten at back east.
4	Not too many places let you look at the steak you're going to have before they cook it.  The dry-aging display is quite the show for all carnivores.  Steak is wonderful.  I'm not a dessert fan but their sticky toffee pudding cake is amazing.
4	This place is sooooo good. The prime rib is just to die for! It's so tender and juicy and big! Well for the price it better be huge!Anyways, I love the presentation of the dishes and I love the side dishes. The mushrooms are good even if they were your typical button mushroom and so is the mashed potato. The portions were big enough for my friend and I to split. I love how they place the roasted garlic on there as well, it adds so much more flavor. Right next to us, a couple ordered the lobster and I don't even know how to describe this thing. First of all, it was huge. Secondly, they made this lobster into some sort of masterpiece. The presentation of it was just unbelievable. I would want to try that but by the looks of it, I would probably be broke afterwards. This place is no joke, do not come here if you're on a budget. You are seriously going to burn a hole in your pocket. But if you do come here, get their prime rib, it's what they're known for.
5	I've had many steaks in my time. Two places in Chicago come to mind that had the best in the world steaks. But after my first visit to Vegas, specifically New York New York's Gallagher's Steakhouse, totally blew previous steaks out the water. I had the Aged Steak that was on display on front, and it was the juiciest best steak I've had. The waiter was quick to greet and take our order, as well as giving us a quick review of the meals and answering any questions we had. Refills were quickly refilled, waiter made sure to swing by to make sure we are satisfied. Dishes looked amazing, the setting of the restaurant is great, and you can see the chefs making your food. Overall a very awesome experience. Can't wait to go back to try the other dishes.
5	This place was great! Everything couldn't have been better. The food and service couldn't be beat. We will definitely be going back here on our next trip!
5	Absolutely delicious and worth every penny! Every course we had was a great representation of perfection ;) Our server was fantastic and very knowledgeable. Every recommendation he made was delicious! The only flaw of the meal was slightly undercooked risotto, but all the proteins, greens, etc. were cooked and seasoned to perfection! We'll definitely be eating here again! Maybe even tomorrow! ;)
3	My group stumbled upon this place in New York New York.  If I were soley grading the food I would have given it a 5. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and we had a very nice dessert. Everyone raved about the mashed potatoes and yes they were good, but nothing special. The prices at this place are outrageous. We thought it was just because we were in vegas so we were okay with paying however, after we looked at Olives in the Belligo hotel and they had a better atmosphere, cool view and their prices were a little more reasonable, we realized it was way overpriced. The atmosphere is very busy in Gallaghers and loud because they sat us right next to the kitchen. So all in all the food was good but you can get the same quality of food with better atmosphere at another 5 star place.
5	Absolutely amazing!  We went here to experience some good food while we were in Vegas and we accomplished just that!We started with the grilled artichoke, which was beyond this world.  There are no words to describe how perfectly cooked this was.  It came paired with an aioli and a chipotle sauce.  As a lover of artichoke, this was an experience I will not soon forget, as it was such an amazing starter.We followed this up with a little surf and turf and the Porterhouse.  I am extremely picky about my steaks and prefer to have them Chicago blue, which they accomplished perfectly.  The lobster was HUGE and oh, so delicious!  If only my pocketbook allowed me to eat here everyday, I would.This was a dinner I will not soon forget.  I can not wait to go back, if only for the grilled artichoke...
5	If you haven't been here yet then you're missing out on one of the best steaks in Las Vegas.This place has my new favorite  grilled artichoke.  I don't think it gets any better than that.  The crab cakes were awesome and so full of light chunky pieces of crab meat.  Not overly seasoned so I got to appreciate the flavor of the crab.  For an entree I had the cowboy rib eye.  You get what you pay for and the prices here are justified by the portion size.  When the server put the plate down in front of me I was happy I didn't order anything else.  The steak was great and done just right.  That potato puree was to die for too.
4	Very good, traditional NYC steak house - very appropriate in the NYNY Casino. The interior is dark in a classic steakhouse fashion. The are pictures and caricatures of various old school celebs on the walls. Actually, its a pretty good knockoff of the NYC original. It's also pretty loud - very much like the NYC original. The steaks however, I think are a little BETTER than the NYC original! The first thing you notice is the meat - it's aging on display right in the front window. Can't miss it. Some may find this distasteful - I find it quite cool. And make no mistake - the steak is what it's all about here. The classic NY Sirloin Strip for about $40 is served on the bone. It's juicy, full of dry aged beef flavor, and just a bit firm to the tooth - note:not tough!- as a good NY Strip should be. And yes, it was aged in the window. The sides aren't as exciting but still very good. The steak fries were huge, crispy, and served with a killer chipotle ketchup. The sauteed spinach was simple yet delicious. The wine list wasn't the greatest but there was a very nice Merlot served by the glass that went exceptionally well the steak - as a good Merlot should. Oh, service was acceptable. Is this the best steakhouse in Vegas? Probably not. But it's also a couple of dollars less expensive than the other high end steak places. All in all a good, solid steakhouse. You won't go wrong eating here.
1	This place is over rated. The lamb was overcooked, essentially like cardboard. I'm a huge fan of lamb, but this experience will make me second guess ordering lamb everywhere I go. We were having a decent time until the waiter came over to our table and told me to be quiet for the other guests, but there were no other guests... It made no sense so I complained to the manager and the manager said he didn't care... Thanks, I just spent ~$300 for 1 star service.
5	Did I expect to pay $212 for 3 people: YES - but it's Vegas so live it up - who cares? Did I expect to have the best clam chowder ever (and I've been all over) - NO. Was it? Yes. Was it as good as a steak could possibly be made? Just about. Gallagher's is spectacular and a treat. Even if you are not wealthy you need to save some of your Vegas funds just so you can go to NY NY and have this special treat - it's worth every last cent! All the sides are amazing also. The wait staff is well staffed and near personal service. I had never had a guy come and sweep up the crumbs all they fell off my chin and onto my table. IF you can choose, sit in the back by the coal/fire grills, the smells alone are worth everything and you can see in person how hard the staff works to get that perfect steak.I've been to almost every state in the US, except for a few out east. I rarely give a 5 star rating because to be 5 stars has to be near or is perfect in every angle in my book. Gallagher's get's 5 stars because it earned them and I still have never had a steak as good as I did here. BTW - portions are HUGE so be thoughtful of that when ordering.
4	Second time I've been here.  I'm just going to say it...THE MEAT IS HUGE.  Well that's just an observation of the cuts I've seen served up to me and my friends.  I ordered the filet mignon both times I've been here.  I can't even finish it.  The side dishes are DELISH, and the service is pretty awesome.  What's also entertaining is I have a friend who can't get enough of this place, and so he always needs to order the BIGGEST, and close to RAREST of cuts...so we just stare at him while he hacks at his bloody steak.  Come here with your homies and ignore all the other snobby people sitting there!
5	The best steak ever. Period! Most expensive steak I've bought. Period! Glad I had good luck at the Black Jack tables to help finance the dinner.
1	Worst steak house I have ever been to in Vegas. Went with friends and most everything was wrong with the food that we ordered.. and cold. Took about an hour to get our (well, whosoever it was) food after we were seated. Fuck, since nothing was right they should have just made up an order for us when we got there so it would have been at least warm when we got it. Was charged for everything we originally ordered that we never got. Not going back. I would rather shove shards of glass up my ass and sit in a tub of Tabasco sauce then endure this place again.
3	dissatisfied !! What a crock... not even in the league of fine steak houses.. the signature ny blows.. and I've had a better cowboy ribeye @ sizzler.. mac and cheese with Bacon was good though
5	Gallagher's remains the place where I had the best steak of my life. I had the cowboy steak which is a ribeye cut with the whole rib bone left in. It was cooked perfectly and was so big I couldn't finish it in the time I usually do. Every dish is presented beautifully. The sides are even great. I can't wait to visit LV again to stop by Gallagher's. It is expensive but worth the money. It is a little hard to get the attention of the staff sometimes but whatever. The wait for a table can be a bit much so make reservations.
4	Just want to say that this was by far the best steak...order the NY Sirloin dry aged, and you won't be disappointed. Nice salad and soup to accompany. Steaks were so thick that 2 people could easily share 1 steak. We paired up steaks with a Stirling Riesling that was just awesome. Clam chowder was so thick and good it stuck to your ribs. Brian was an awesome server and was so attentive. Stay away from the bald headed waiter Bill. He was so horrible, we moved tables. Brian was friendly, and we would give 5 stars for his service. Restaurant gets 4 stars because seating was not very comfortable for such a high end steakhouse. Reserve a booth ahead of time.
2	I came here for my out of town friend's birthday celebration. Everyone in our party was excited for a nice steak dinner. I wasn't in the mood for steak, so I ordered the lamb and so did one of my friends. The lamb was the only thing that salvaged this review from being 1-star. The lamb was cooked exactly as we requested. The steaks on the other hand were ALL totally off the mark. Two of my friends ordered their filets medium. One came out totally overcooked, like a hockey puck, the other "medium" steak was practically raw. I'm a fan of the medium-rare preparation, but this was extreme. When my friend asked for it to be cooked a little more, they sent it in and it still came back undercooked. He again had to request they cook it a little longer. The third time it came out overcooked, shocker.This whole debacle was really disappointing. The birthday boy said he wishes he had just gone to Outback Steakhouse.
4	i had to try Gallaghers LV to see how it compares to New york. Between the 2 of us we ordered  1 ribeye; medium rare, garlic mashed potatoes, and a side of broccoli. The portions were huge, i couldn't imagine eating a whole steak by myself. The ribeye was tender and juicy with a little char and the outside just like in NY. I will make sure to eat here again on my next trip to las vegas.
4	The prime rib is so tender and HUGE!!! .. I ordered the Queen Cut Prime Rib and that was amazingly huge (considering the label  "queen") - you're expecting something small and delicate .. lol .. but to the contrary, it's just so huge and tender and juicy.The sides are not included in the main course and they come in quite small portion. There were 7 of us total and we shared 6 side dishes.expect to pay big buck for big tasty food! =) I was happy with my food.
5	The fiance and I came here for a fancy romantic dinner and we were not disappointed. The service was great and the atmosphose was perfect. We started off the meal with the jumbo shrimp cocktail. WOW, these shrimp were JUMBO. The biggest shrimp I've ever seen, and their cocktail sauce was perfect. It had just enough tang. And for the main course we both ordered the aged NY steak and they were so juicy with a nice smokey taste. We also ordered a side of their sauteed green beans. THIS IS A MUST! The green beans will suprise you. I'm not sure what they sauteed them with, but it was just SO GOOD. They were a perfect compliment to the steak. For dessert, we got the lemoncello flute which was basically a lemon sorbet, but so much better! It was very refreashing. Overall, it was a great night out and I think it's well worth the money.
4	Love it! The steaks are great (but the salmon is not). Make sure you get the mac & cheese as a side & if they have it the jalapeno mashes potatoes... wonderful place!
4	We showed up 15 mins early for our reservation but they happily sat us down. I ordered the clam chowder and husband ordered a caesar salad. Clam chowder was good but salad was salad. I ordered the filet and husband ordered new york steak. He said my filet was better tasting than his. Steaks were seasoned well. Service was good. Glad didn't have to dress up to go here.
5	I believe this was the best steak I've ever had. I told my girlfriend that the only two things I *had* to do during our stay in Vegas was hit the buffet at the Bellagio and have a steak at a fancy, classy steakhouse. The steak was the highlight of our trip.We made reservations, and arrived 15 minutes early but were seated immediately even though we were prepared to wait at the bar. I would have preferred slightly more room between tables and a little less noise, but otherwise I felt the place was very comfortable. Our waiter was very courteous. I wore a sports jacket/tie and my gf wore a LBD, but it looks like the dress code isn't that strict. Still, I'm glad we took the classy route. You can relax and go slightly more casual if you want, but if you want to dress nicer like we did you'll fit in, too.I ordered the signature sirloin, and I can't imagine why anybody would get any other steak. The filet may be more tender, but it couldn't possibly have flavor like this and believe me it was VERY tender. I ordered mine medium-rare and it was cooked perfectly. The edges were just a bit caramelized, the inside was a nice even pinkish-red. I love how they keep it on the bone, it really enhances the flavor. My girlfriend ordered the pork chop. I expected a single double-thick chop but instead it was two thinner chops, but it was still very tender. I had a taste and the sauce was a little sweet for my taste, but it was excellent. My gf loved it. She asked our waiter a question about what fruit it was made with, and he knew the answer without any hesitation at all (apricot I think?). VERY good waiter. We shared our sides, the potato certainly lived up to its "colossal" billing and the asparagus was nice and crisp, although I could have done without the heavy hollandaise sauce.I ordered a wine by the glass. At the end of my second glass as we were getting ready to leave, I noticed there was a wine sediment at the bottom of my glass. I was impressed with the service and I'm sure if I'd noticed it when I started drinking it, they would have fixed it for me. So I don't hold it against them. My gf was very happy with her cocktail.We were too full (and satisfied) to try dessert.
5	Except for the first two times I visited here(maybe 20 in the last 5 yrs), I always sit and eat at the bar (two sides one in the actual restaurant and one out on the walk) I prefer the outside for the view and 2 big screen TV's with sports all year round. The service is friendly and attentive, Fernando, Willy and Donna all do a great job of taking care you with a fully stocked bar with a great wine list and various beers and specialty drinks as well. They also have good knowledge of the food menu and the various nightly specials. The Sirloin and Fillet are my two favs here, along with an order of mushrooms or a stuffed baked potato or maybe one of the wonderful house made soups, try , if you can to save room for one of the desserts you won't be disappointed! Large portions, great atmosphere, great service and a friendly staff keep me coming back on each visit to Vegas If you still need to be swayed to try the place, just stand out in front and view the steaks on display in the giant glass case next to the entrance, then go to the front desk and ask for a seat and have a wonderful experience. Cheers !
3	Definitely not the best steak I've ever had.  I would say it is pretty good for the price compared to some other steak houses in Vegas.  I don't know if I just went on a bad day but the steak was nothing extraordinary.  This place is located inside the New York New York hotel.  It's not the most upscale place (despite the dim lighting, I wouldn't say the decor was fancy/romantic) but I received an upturned nose from the hostess anyway.  Not really sure why....I was business casual even though this place is clearly casual dress code and all I did was say "hello, I have reservations for party of 2" so I can only assume that there was hint of racism in the hostess' misdemeanor.  What further ruined my experience was the table of drunk Canadian men sitting next to us that got progressively drunk as the meal continued. If you are looking for an upscale steak restaurant, I would go somewhere else.
5	Yummy! Seriously best.steak.ever. My boyfriend and I went here for his Bday last August, and it was the best place we could have gone...we both still talk about it and want to go back. Really classy place, and we had excellent service. I will be back...
4	Went here for dinner one night and booked a reservation online----moments before heading over there which was smart because the gentlemen who walked up to the hostess before us were told there was an hour wait.We were seated promtply and had the crabcakes for an appetizer, a great choice, excellent crab cakes!I guess I was in a crab kick because I ended up ordering the king crab legs for dinner, one of my dinnermates had the prime rib and another had a steak but I don't recall which one.  The king crab legs were good but they had an unusual flavor to them, as though they were boiled in a flavored water, they were still good, just different.  Both of my dining companions thought their meals were good, nothing was "exceptional".  We had the mac & cheese and broccoli for sides, the mac & cheese was ok but not amazing.  We did order the sticky toffee pudding for dessert, after living in England for several years if I ever see it on a menu I get it.  It was ok, far from what you'd get in the UK, but still ok.Oh, the beer choices were pathetic.  I realize that I tend to go for more unique microbrews and there was nothing like that on the menu and for some reason I wasn't in the mood for wine.Overall it was good, the prices were pretty high---$70 for king crab and it's not a place I'd need to visit again on my next visit to Vegas.
4	This is more like a 4.5, but since there are no halves, I digress.So I heard about this steakhouse from my dad, claiming it was the best steakhouse in Vegas, and while I haven't actually been to any others, I do have to agree with him that it was very good.I had the new york steak (35 dollars) a side of onion rings (7 dollars) and a glass of New Castle (8 dollars) which brought my total for dinner to like 50 dollars plus tax and tip. I'm not a huge spender on food, so 50 bucks is a pretty big drop in the bucket for me to eat, but overall I was very pleased with the food. The steak (cooked medium) came out perfect and was almost all meat (very little fat for a New York) and the onion rings were literally huge, not like the cheap kind you get at a fast food restaurant. Service was great. Our waiter happened to be originally from CA too, so he identified with a couple of guys in Vegas for the weekend and the food came out in a good amount of time.Sure, I was dealing with a sick friend, and a overly drunk friend, both of who were bickering like preschoolers, but I enjoyed Gallaghers. Next time I'm in New York, New York, and have money to burn for a great dinner, I'll be stopping here!
2	It's Vegas. I'm a SoCal native and Vegas is ALWAYS a weekend option especially since it's only a few hour drive away. Minus all the obvious reasons one of the big attractions for me has always been food. Whether it's finding the next best buffet, a unique cuisine or just some top notch high end restaurants all concentrated into a small area. One thing I try to always do when getting into Vegas is to find a new steakhouse. Well this time around I was recommended to Gallagher's. First off it's a welcome change to enter a steakhouse not feeling out of place with everyone dressed up as if they were going ballroom dancing. We were seated for a table of eight. It was quite early and we had a 8PM dinner reservation. We are all meat eaters so our table had center cut filets, new york sirloin, queen cut prime rib and for myself the cowboy ribeye steak. Minutes later they came back to tell us they ran out of prime rib. I mean it's barely a quarter past 8pm. Whatever they proceeded to change their order to a steak instead. But back to my steak. I like it "Black and Blue." Now there are some places that I will make sure they know what I'm talking about but these type of high end restaurants with this high of a rating I would imagine they would know. Also my server took my preference without skipping a beat. Normally if the case I will be asked for an explanation if they don't know. When brought out of course it was clearly not black and blue but it was rare. I told the server that this was not "Black and Blue" and that it was rare. She proceeded to tell me "That is how OUR black and blue is." What the hell does that mean? Now I can eat my steak medium rare (normally cheaper or skinnier steaks) and I can eat it rare also but it's my least choice. The funny thing was that she didn't even offer to send it back to have it redone, she instead stared at me with a long pause as though to say, just eat the damn thing. I hate sending food back, possibly fear from the movie "Waiting" and stories from friends. So I just kept it. It tasted like wet beef. It's almost as if they kept it in a bucket of water overnight threw on the grill and slapped it on my plate. For my side I had creamed spinach which was more cream then there was spinach. This is a first also, I did not finish my steak. Blasphemy!!! It was simply that bad. You might be thinking hey you got it rare, well shoot I've had it rare many places and have loved it. The highlight of the night was simply the spirits menu which was a lit up menu that at first I thought it was a touch screen but it wasn't. The wine was excellent that was chosen by the server but do not remember the name, simply because I was so upset about my meal. Everyone else had similar opinions being average but nothing spectacular. When it comes down to it the food was not even ok. I'm surprised this place is still here with so many steakhouses popping up in Vegas now you can easily walk down the street and find another prime steakhouse. The two stars is almost out of sympathy since the only reason the second star is there is my wine and scotch. Either way it's hard to want to give this place a second chance again since there are so many other options available. Maybe once I've exhausted all other places and I make my rounds again I might give this place a try if I'm stuck at NYNY or have won a few black chips while at the table.
4	Amazing steak, great bartenders! We ate in the dining-room one night.  The food was very good - the steak was great!Two night later, we were sitting at the bar Willie and Fernando as our bartenders; they were awesome!
5	Simply put, I highly recommend.
5	Definetely a great steakhouse. Went there with husbands family and we were all satisfied (besides the lil one... not so much of a kids place). You can dress casual or go all out and dress up nice... we seen alot of people dressed up in business attire, some were casual. The food was great. I ordered the salmon. Small portion, but filling! Our waiter was awesome and came by every few minutes to make sure everything was okay. In other words... I would definetely recommend this place.
4	I went here with my fiance and his brother while we were on vacation. I love steak and was excited to try a new place. We order the grilled artichoke and bruschetta for an app, then we each had a different steak, with the steak fries and broccoli au gratin for sides. The artichoke was good, but the leaves weren't as meaty as i would've liked. the chipotle aioli was delicious. The bruschetta was very good. Each of our steaks were amazing and cooked perfectly. The bernaise on my NY Sirloin was perfect, and the roasted garlic oozed out and was perfect on my steak. I was so sad that I got too full to finish it. The boys loved their steaks too. The broccoli was ok, and the fries were really good, though the chipotle ketchup it came with was weird.The service was really awesome, from the busser to the waiter. I would DEFINITELY come here again, but i would try some different apps and sides.
3	I enjoyed the larger king cut prime rib. I have been here several times always to enjoy a good steak.
5	Ate here this weekend on our Vegas trip. We made a reservation just a couple hours ahead of time and were seated instantly when we showed up. The food was outstanding! I had the cowboy ribeye medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. Our table got the macaroni, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes and onion rings for sides. Everything was delicious (especially the mac & cheese.. drooooooool). We also got the Maryland crab cakes as an appetizer. Let me just say.. I am from Maryland and a total crab snob, and this place knocked it out of the park! They were perfectly spiced and just the right amount of kick. Our waiter was really friendly and we had quick service. A++ would food-baby again.. :-)
3	I hate to give this place a 3 when the service was GREAT and the food was excellent, so why the 3? The hostess and the manager. Why had reservations for 11 people and 1 got sick so we told the hostess that 1 was sick so there would only be 10. One problem, she miss understood and thought that we said that there would only be 6. So we go back to our table and guess what it's a 6 top. No problem they said wait here and we will reset the 10 top. This is when all goes wrong. The hostess come back and starts BITCHING at us that we have to go back up front and can not wait where we are as it is pressuring her staff. Now we are far enough back that if we did this the table would be done and we would turn right back around and come back. With us is my 72 year old father who has trouble walking so we are not going anywhere. The hostess proceeds to keep bitching at us in a voice that is getting loader and loader to the point that her own staff is turning backs to her because they are embarrased by her behavior. I find the manager and mention to him what the hostess did, his response, well she is a valued employee who has been with us for a long time. Wrong response. That one line cost them almost $4000.00. How? We do a dinner in Vegas twice a year for 40 customers and the average bill is $4000.00 we have been looking at switching off restaurants and the food and service were good enough that we would have moved our August party to Gallagher's, but not now. Great Food, Great Service. Just avoid the blond hostess at all costs
5	Everytime my husband and I head to Vegas we make sure to make a reservation for dinner at Gallaghers! They have the best Filet Mignon ever!!! That is saying something coming from me as I am not a huge meat fan!!   Everything I have ever tasted from this resturant is amazing. The staff are friendly and attentive and it is an overall great dining experience!
4	Came again to enjoy a excellent steak. I had the cowboy ribeye, which was just fabulous, tender and so flavorful. My sister had the dry aged sirloin, which she liked, but was comparable to the other steaks, we didn't see any major difference flavor or tenderness wise, except that it was more lean. For sides we had mashed potato's, asparagus and creamed spinach. Everything was great except the creamed spinach which had way too much nutmeg. Probably the best steak I've had since the last time I was here, which was over two years ago!
3	Gallagher's is a nice steakhouse nestled right in the NY NY casino walkway... I had the cowboy ribeye, mac & cheese, and asparagus. We started with oysters & also had tried the crab legs. I rated this place 3 stars overall including service, and quality of food. As an aspiring  grillmaster & BBQ extraordinaire this place was not up to my standards for the price I had paid. Good steakhouse, but not great or excellent!Del Frisco's is still my reigning #1 in LV
5	I have always made the effort to have my steak dinners here. I have had every steak they serve and they are all outstanding.  The sides are alacart and again, outstanding.  I enjoy the yukon gold whipped potatoes.  The have a full bar. Well staffed with excellent waiters.
3	This place is OK nothing to scream about. I didn't care too much for the small table we sat at and the service was a bit slow. For the amount of money they charge, I expected a lot more. The food was good, great wine but the place was too loud and not as intement as I would want it to be. The desert menu w/ the LED light was kind of cool until yours eyes start hurting.Oh well we gave it a shot. We didn't hate it but it was just okay. I'd rather come for lunch or a "casual" dinner.
5	This is more like $$$$ but well worth it. Before we got the bill my boyfriend did say this was the best meal he ever had. So it was well worth it, plus what was ordered was at market value. duh.. The service was great I believe our waiter was Brian... He was very chill and treated us great! We are looking forward to going back soon.
4	Nice atmosphere and it can be romantic.  The food was DELICIOUS I was very impressed!  The meat melted in my mouth and was juicy.  It is a little crowded and our table was small, but the food made up for it.
5	Giving this place 5 stars.  The food was awesome, the price was not even that bad considering the food and the fact that it's Vegas.  I was totally amazed actually, how isolated they managed to make the place feel.  Even though there was a crazy Saturday night dance party pumping loud beats on the main floor of the casino, I could barely hear it at all in there, which allowed us to enjoy a classy steak dinner in a nice, calm atmosphere before heading out into the jungle.  Plus it's open way later than a lot of nice restaurants on the strip.  I recommend this 100%
4	Solid 4. Maybe slightly higher. Bottle wine list seems like a disaster. Glass wines decent. Don't come here for a decent sommelier.Steaks good, I think the sirloin 60 days dry aged 14 wet aged and the lobster tail are the things to do here. Sides were excellent. Mussles were great, bread and butter was very good, calamari was excellent, Lobster tail was good, Onion rings were great, and broccoli and cheese was good. Fillet was good as well. Wines were just OK, I wasnt impressed with the list. You will never see the desert menu or have room for coffee or desert. The portions are insane.Seating was bad, tables too small, service was just OK (it got better the more we spent, but it was never stellar.)I was expecting worse. I was surprised.
5	I had the best Cowboy Ribeye I have ever had in my life here, about $38, but I ate everything except the bone.  Great service and cozy atmosphere, worth saving your dinner money for this place!  Kind of a bummer you have to pay for sides, like aspargus.  But man I loved this place.
5	Had the most amazing dinner with my wife on her birthday!The sirloin was the best I've ever had, and I recommend the cheesecake for a after dinner desert.
4	Had dinner on a Saturday night here a couple weeks ago. We had a reservation and we were seated quickly. Good thing we had called ahead because it was pretty crowded for 6:30 on a Saturday night in Vegas. Service:Service was awesome. Our waiter was a little quirky but nice. He recommended some favorites of his and asked us where we were from and made conversation even though he was busy. He was very attentive. Our water glasses were never empty as there was a guy circling the restaurant constantly refilling drinks. When I had a little trouble finding the restroom, an older waiter politely pointed it out and called me "doll". Can't beat that!Food:Food was YUMMY! Crusty yet soft bread basket with lots of butter to start with. Husband got the New York steak aged 40 days and he said it was one of the best steaks he ever got. The guy sitting next to us said the same thing about his. I'm not a steak eater and I had the salmon and it was delish! Came with a side of quinoa cooked really well. We got the Yukon smashed postatos and asparagus as sides. It's a bit of a bummer you have to order them separate but they were really good and definitely big enough to share. The sauce that came on the asparagus was great. We got the lava cake for dessert and I'm not a huge fan of lava cake so I gave that to my husband and ate the yummy ben and jerry's ice cream that came on it. Next time we'll have to get appetizers, the couple next to us got this shrimp thing that looked really good. It's loud in there but everywhere in Vegas is loud. If you want a quiet, romantic dinner you should go to Napa or Santa Barbara or Sedona or something. The people next to us were getting annoyed at the funny drunk at the table across the room who was telling loud stories. HELLO! It's VEGAS! And he wasn't rude, just loud. Lighten up, peeps. Yes it was also kind of overpriced but it's hard to get that kind of quality and service in Vegas so I would say it was worth it for a splurge. I will definitely be going back!
3	This place is a 2nd tier steakhouse for Vegas when it really comes down to it.  3.5 stars.We had a couple of gift certificates that were about to expire so I ordered something I never would.  The King Cut Prime Rib!  What a MONSTER!!  A tremendous piece of bloody cow.  The couple at the table next to us had a look of horror when it was brought to the table.  It was even better than Lawry's.  Just go easy on the horseradish or you'll be making "wasabi burning face" in about 5 minutes like I did.My wife got the filet mignon as usual and it was really meh.  Ruth's Chris serves a better filet than Gallagher's.  Sides were fine.  We got sauteed spinach which was nice and buttery along with the 4 cheese mac.Service was fine.  I thought it was funny that the server really went out of his way to let us know off the bat that everything was a la carte.  And even though I gush about the prime rib, I never go to nice steakhouses to eat it.  You can do much better for an average price of $40 a steak elsewhere in town.  Craftsteak, Carnevino, Cut, Stripsteak, Del Frisco, Capital Grille and yes, possibly even Ruth's Chris would all be places I'd rather shell out my own dough to eat at than here.  But you know what I'm ordering if there is a next time!
4	Of all the years I've stayed at NYNY, I never stepped foot in Gallagher's and I extremely regret not discovering this wonderful gem.  I was always intimidated by the fact that it was a steakhouse and probably enforced a dresscode of some kind. But it doesn't, thank goodness. I also relied on this yelp page to make my food decisions, but now I think I shouldn't put so much faith on some of the information (LoL). Anywho, I think this is one of the best restaurants ever for casual dining at NYNY (DO NOT GO TO CHIN CHIN, YUCK!)For all those who think there's no "take-out," THERE'S TAKE-OUT(~30 minute wait)!!! Yea, I could've eaten at the actual restaurant, for dinner, around 9pm, during the Electric Daisy Carnival weekend, and pay a lot of tips.... but I chose to do take-out to the comfort of my hotel room-Player's suite and the best move of my trip =]  (Order take-out at the bar, bartender was great!)Ordered lamb chops done medium-well (my mom can't take pink Lol), 2 clam chowders, a mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese with pork belly, a bread basket to go. It was around $80 and it was the best $80 spent. Lamb chops were extremely tender and juicy and well cooked and came in 3, clam chowder was slightly salty but full of clams, mashed potatoes were nothing spectacular, and mac n cheese were creamy and cheesy. =] Till now, I still can't stop thinking about those lamb chops... I want some NOW! =[Anywho, 5 stars for the meat, 3 for the sides, bread and butter is cool 4 stars LoL... I will be coming back for you Gallagher's! I will be coming back....
3	The boyfriend and I decided to have a fancy dinner night. We ended up here by looking for steak places through yelp. We both ordered the dry aged new york sirloin. $40 bucks for a steak? ehh, when in Vegas. I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect! the steak was juicy but I'd rather go to a less expensive place. I added wild mushrooms for $3, not worth it. it was about a tablespoon of string mushrooms that tasted like old cheese and wine. The bread they gave us was hard, so we both just stared at it while we waited for our steaks and talked about how fancy everyone was dressed.*UPDATE*We were asked what hotel we were in I'm not sure if that's normal.
3	Solid 3.5 stars ma!Oogly eyed from clocking in too many hours at the paigow tiles table, me and my gf decided to end our sexy time in Vegas with comped steak at Gallagher's in NYNY. We decided to share an 18ounce cowboy ribeye med rare with 2 sides: creamed spinach and garlic mashed taters. Opting between crab legs and shrimp for appetizer we went with ginormous shrimp cocktails. First to arrive was house bread basket containing 2 football shaped stale cold sourdough loafs to practice throws while waiting for food. Shrimp was surprisingly fresh/good, cocktail sauce w. side of horseradish - winner.  Main course arrived and we were pleased to be greeted by such a fine hunky piece of meat (why hello there cowboy~). Sides were both a bit over seasoned but sufficient. Unfortunately, our piece of meat turned out more visually appealing than actual taste. Wahwah~  After couple bites we were over it so ended up doggy bagging most of meal to serve as car potpourri for next 4hr trip back home.
4	I've made reservation at Gallagher's 3 or 4 times now and this was the first time I actually made it. I wish I had gone all those other times as well. For your money you get a huge portion of meat. Our table had the ribeye, Prime rib (end cut) and the signature New York strip. We also had sides of Yukon potato puree and green beans. Both sides were pretty standard and straight forward. I loved the olive bread that came out before the meal.Service was excellent.4 stars because there was not a "Wow" factor for me (blame Craft Steak for setting a really high bar for the rest of my steak eating life) but this is a solid steakhouse with a good variety done right.
3	Visited this establishment on a Friday night with no reservations. Our party of 2 was seated within 5 mins.The atmosphere is on the dim side and really not much to take in. We ordered cocktails and brushcetta for an app, a bread basket was brought out right away. For my main course I ordered the fillet, my bf ordered the rib-eye. We shared the colossal baked potato.  Both dishes seemed a bit on the cool side and were just so-so. The meat was cooked accordingly but just lacked the gusto of other steakhouses that we really enjoy (our fav steak joints are currently Ruth Chris and 5th & Wine).Overall just not too impressed by the quality and temperature of our meal. On the plus side, our server was perfect. Another highlight was the dessert menu that lit up...however no dessert was ordered; for fear it would fall flat too.
4	Great steak and salads.Steak was tender and great portioned. For two people, I recommend sharing one steak and one salad and maybe one side.Recommend:Forest Mushroom Salad $9. Delicious. I love the warm mushrooms and the vinagrette they used. Absolutely wonderful.Dry Aged New York Sirloin $40 (Our Signature House-Aged Bone-In Sirloin). Tender and tasty.Porterhouse Steak $48. Surprisingly tender. I think this was even more tender than the sirloin. However, this piece was huge and had bone in middle. I really enjoyed it and especially sharing one big meal is good enough deal. Makes it a better deal for the buck.
5	Went here for Valentine's Day with another couple.  I made reservations the day before with no problem.  All the ladies got roses! So sweet.I had the rib-eye steak and a baked potato.  Holy moly that potato was huge. I could've shared that with my bf. My steak was too rare for me so I asked if they could cook a little bit longer and they did and gave me more onion strings. Yumm!  I also had a Grey Goose and Cranberry. Strong!! Kicked in real nice. No room for dessert. Was so full. The place is cramped when it's at full capacity.  Walking to the bathroom was fun. Like walking thru a maze. Got a nice tour of the restaurant.Next time I visit I want to try the House Aged Bone In Sirloin. I seen that on another table. Looked ono!!
3	Mom decided to come her one year for her birthday...don't ask me why...she's never been a steak and potatoes type of girl!Got the queen cute prime rib, potato puree and mushroom melody. Every single thing on our table was spectacular. You just can't go wrong with a good steak. The food was fairly priced considering its Vegas and the wildly popular Gallagher's. Our server was attentive and on her game so it was a great deal all around. Love the laid back atmosphere and all the different cuts of steak hanging out front enticing you in.
4	First off just do yourself a favor and order the house special in house dry aged NY.  It's the best piece of meat on the menu as it's the only cut that is dry aged.  Made a late reservation after seeing Barry Manilow at the Paris.. which by the way was a much better show than I expected.  Upon arriving my co-worker and I were promptly seated at a small table somewhere in the back of the restaurant.  We both ordered the house cut NY steak with asparagus and steak fries.  Got bread and drinks and then out came the steaks.  Wow.. what a great piece of meat.  I'm definitely a fan of dry aged beef and this steak did not disappoint.  My co-workers steak came out a little overcooked and she was gonna eat it but I made them send it back.  The waiter was really great about it and he came back with a new steak like 3 minutes later.. ok so he stole it from another guys order but who cares right?  This steak was done just right and my co-worker was really glad I made them do that.  The sides of asparagus and steak fries were good, nothing to writehome about just average.  Their dessert menus are this weird backlit tablet thingy that's kinda hard on the eyes but nevertheless was kinda cool.  Honestly my steak was so good, I can't even remember what we got for dessert.  Overall the place could use a good scrubbing and maybe a face lift, but honestly I couldn't care less as long as they keep their prices decent and keep serving up delicious reasonable priced beef.4 Stars!!  (I'd give it 4.5 if I could)
3	Atmosphere is very relaxing. Service is impeccable. Excellent wine and beverage selections. Pretty affordable considering it's at New York, New York.  But man, I really didn't care for the steak. I had the Signature Aged New York Sirloin. It was not cooked properly. I asked for medium rare and got something that should have "Moo-ed" on my plate, it was really rare. The steak lacked flavor.  I expected a bit more char flavor, but all you could really taste was a mild herb. Dessert was a bit disappointing.   Their Chocolate Volcano cake was nothing when compared to Ruth Chris's.  When you're in Las Vegas and you want steak, I'd recommend Lawry's or Blackwood's.
4	i took waaaaaay too long to come to this place...  i always maybe it had to do with the fact that every time i had been to vegas, and was around the new york new york, i was with dudes.  my homies.  all of which had no interest in trying (spending) on something more than something quick and cheap.  so now that i'm married, i'm happy that i get to come with my wife. i was finally able to come here after a marathon hunt for creamed spinach.  and we knew that only steakhouses would be a sure shot to get some... the place is casual, its dead in the middle of the food area of the NYNY.  so dont expect to completely cupcake - it is a bit busy and noisy.  i can look beyond this no problem...we shared the cowboy bone-in ribeye, creamed spinach, whipped yukon potatoes, caramelized onions, and a mushroom medley.the steak was fantastic - nothing short of a great cut and cooked perfectly MEDIUM.  the meat was tender, juicy, and cooked on a well-seasoned grill.  that makes a huge difference in my book, a well seasoned grill.  the yukon's were great, maybe a lil too whipped for my liking, since i like them to be a little thick.  the flavor was good, nothing that i would make it a point to order again.creamed spinach was good.  it lacked salt, which to some may be a good thing since you can add some (rather than too much and be SOL), but i rarely grab a salt shaker, unlessi absolutely have to.  and this time, i had to.yes, i would come back.  i likedededed it!
4	We had our anniversary dinner at Gallagher's and they didn't disappoint. We both had their signature aged steaks which was delicious!Side note: if you aren't a steak connoisseur then remember anything with the word "rare" in it will be red and bloody in the middle. So if you just want it pink then order Medium only.
5	It had been a while since I went to a traditional steakhouse.  And having been away from America for a while, and eating primarily chicken...it was a looonnng time coming.  Maybe that's why I enjoyed Gallagher's so much.  Maybe it was because it was just awesomely good.I don't generally enjoy the NYNY casino, so I tend to not go in.  I was brought here by Zumanity though, attending with my girlfriend.  And since the love of her life is meat, the choice on where to eat was easy.It all started with the drink.  A Manhattan.  I subbed olives, because maracschino cherries make me cringe.  And I got blue cheese olives, and a beautiful Manhattan.  I ended up getting 2 more, and the waiter complimented me on my drinking.  Haha.  He made me feel like a real boy!So we got sauteed mushrooms and some steaks.  I went with the prime rib.  There's something magical about a perfectly seared steak, sure.  But I can't roast a rack of ribs at home.  And the slightly more cooked bits on the edge of the roast make a great salty counterpoint to the moist, tender, juicy middle bits.  Plus it comes with meat juice on the side.  Love me some meat juice.  Jen really liked her steak too.  All in all, I was thrilled by the service, who specifically rushed out bill so we could get out in time for our show.  I loved the food and drinks too.  A very classy place with an old school vibe, and made me feel like a regular.
5	NY Steak was delicious. -- Aged for 5 weeks!
4	I had dinner here last week for my birthday. The staffs are super friendly.Menu is simple with huge portion. We ordered the age new york and queen size prime rib.Only down side of the meal is none of the steak came with any sides. You have to order sides separately.Besides that it's two thumbs up. Steaks were perfectly cooked and very tender.And they open until 1am perfect place for late night dinner.
4	This place is amazing. You may have to wait a while for your food but it's worth it. I was on a diet here and god a salad. It looked like barely any food, but the quality of ingredients were perfection. Also wonderful bartenders. Out of all the steakhouses in Vegas, I think it's one of the best because of their amazing wait staff.
2	This is probably the worst rib-eye steak I've ever had at a place that is suppose to be pretty good. according to their page they have the finest dry aged beef, i don't know where  this came from but that's a total lie. I asked for a rare steak and the steak was cooked to medium-medium rare, the steak was tough compared to ruth chris, capital grille hell even hillstone restaurants. the only reason i'm giving it 2-stars is because the staff was great and courteous
1	Less than zero quality for service and food. Sunday evening sometime around 7PM. Party of four, two appetizers, two $40 bottles of wine, their signature dry-aged NY strips for all of us. We were seated fairly quickly. Three menus for four of us. Wrong apps the first time, waiter argued and told us what he brought was correct. FAIL! Bread finally came, not fresh. FAIL! Yeah, I know it's not a bakery. First bottle finished. No entrees. Second bottle ordered. 3/4 bottle completed. Entrees arrive. I appreciate dry-aged beef flavor and texture, ordered rare and medium rare. Their meat quality leaves much to be desired. Argumentative service doesn't garner any points. Room acoustics are abysmal. Large parties should now share the same small dining area with quiet intimate tables.
2	Major downgrade. I had the aged sirloin. It was soft, well cooked, etc, NO FLAVOR. This is not prime or kobe, its barely choice, its like meat from a bovine weight lifter. Noise level was way too loud. Wine list is terrible, not nearly enough wines by the glass, and selection was bad and shockingly overpriced. Sides as usual were very good. Too bad the signature steak, done medium rare, was simply soft/tender but had NO FLAVOR. Utterly embarrassing. My friend who went with us seems to have food poisoning now.
5	The surf and turf here was one of the best I've had.Filet mignon and lobster tail was very good.  i generally dont think the food in Vegas is great, but after being dissappointed on many occasions, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of our meal.  Thanks to the Taste, i was lured to this restaurant only to find that it is a somehat hidden jewel in New York New York close to the sometimes obnoxious piana bar time square.  The side of green beans were delish and the potatos are just meh.For desert they  served an extremely delicious lemon pudding which taste more tart than pudding....it was fabulous.I think Gallaghers is good for couples, groups, and even kids.
3	Gallagher Steakhouse is located within the bowels of New York, New York casino. This restaurant features dry aged beef and their legendary Gallagher hospitality. Their signature 2 inch, bone-in top sirloin steak that has been dry aged for 30 days is one of the restaurant's top sellers. It should be noted that Gallaghers was once privately owned in New York until it became a franchise. Reservations are encouraged, especially if you plan to dine at around 7pm to 8pm. A dinner evening spent in this restaurant can cost you a minimum of $200 for two people. Overview: I have visited at this restaurant a couple of times in the past several months and I was not overly impressed by the experience. The service was good, but the restaurant relied too heavily on its name to generate business. However, in fairness, it is still an above average steakhouse. Just a side note. If you do not know how to distinguish or cannot taste the difference between a 30 day dry aged beef and a regular cut of beef, then save your money and go to some other steakhouse like Outback. It will be cheaper for you and you'll won't be disappointed. PROS: The restaurant offers dry aged beef, quality service, and can be easily found in the casino. The food is plentiful and an entree can be easily shared between two people. CONS: The restaurant is really close to the casino floor so the dining atmosphere is somewhat disrupted with the gambling action outside. Additionally, this steakhouse does not have a restroom of its own. You will need to exit the restaurant and use the casino restroom nearby. Restaurant Class: Upper-Middle Food: (3.5 out of 5 stars) The steaks are well prepared and cooked to order. Additionally, a couple of their steak entrees are large enough to be shared by two people. More importantly, the dry aged steaks do not disappoint, especially if you are a steak connoisseur. The sides and soups are somewhat a different matter. The sides are nondescript and the soups tend to run on the salty side. Atmosphere: (3 out of 5 stars) The ambiance and the genre falls in line with the Gallagher's theme in New York. It is lively and professional. However, that atmosphere tends to be ruined by the gaming action just outside the restaurant. And unless you are seated in a secluded and private room of the restaurant, you will not feel like you are in a premium New York steakhouse. Cleanliness: (3.5 out of 5 stars) The staff does a good job in keeping the tables and the dining area clean. However, because Vegas allows patrons to smoke in casinos, there is a very faint smell of cigarette smoke in the linens. Service: (4 out of 5 stars) The staff is professional and attentive. However, if you dining with a large party (6 people or more), the service level may diminish a bit; especially if you happen to be dining during a peak hour. Overall, there service level is consistent with the Gallagher's name. Restroom Facilities: (3 out of 5 stars) The restaurant does not have a restroom of its own. If you do need to use the facilities, you will need to exit the restaurant and use the casino's restrooms. Other than that, the casino usually does a good job of keeping the facilities clean and well stocked.
2	The crab legs were amazing. And so were the vodka-redbulls. The service was not. And by service, I mean lack thereof. Too bad. Would rather spend the money at a Ruth's Chris or Donovan's or West steak house. Did I mention they forgot about the birthday celebration I told them about in advance?? Laaaame.
1	Sorry to do this but they earned this one star rating.  I'm trying a different steakhouse in Vegas once or twice a month and this one bombed.  Here's the breakdown:Decor = 2 stars based on my preference for contemporary spaces.  This is old school steakhouse style without any soul.  They need an upgrade.Bar experience = 3 stars for a decent but not great Martini.  Shaken too much so there were too many chunks of ice.Crowd = 2 stars.  Tourists of all ages wearing shorts and T shirts.Overall food = 1 star.  The bread was very stale.  The sauteed spinach was swimming in oil, butter, and garlic so much that I could have been eating any other vegetable without knowing it.  I should note that someone sitting near me ordered the crab legs and raved about them.The steak = 1 star.  The Filet was bland and tough.  You'll see this in other reviews in yelp as well so you know they are not consistent.Wine = 1 star for a terrible wine list.  Very few by the glass and selections are basic and uninteresting.  Ever go on a cruise ship?  Similiar selection.Service = 2 stars.  The hostess was rude AND accidentally cancelled my Opentable reservation instead of confirming it!The check = $90 for steak, side, martini, and glass of wineExtras = upset stomach later that night.  I saw a similiar comment on another diner's review on Yelp so beware!Avoid this place.  With so many options in Vegas, you'd be wasting your time here.
5	Top notch steak house..have their aged NY Sirlion never disappoints..the Wedge Salad for starters and the cheese cake for desert.. Very professional service..wonderful steakhouse atmosphere ..on par with their other restaurants in NYC and Atlantic City
5	Hello World, Gallagher's Steakhouse Food and service is beyond belief. My Adult Daughter and I had the pleasure of eating there last week. The Head Chief, David Simmons Came to our table and inquired about our food and service, Talk about customer satisfaction!  Great food and service from both our waiter Sam and the Head Chief David!I would recommend Gallagher's Steakhouse for both their great menu and service.  Rob Byrd Yorba Linda, Ca.
3	The steak was pretty decent. I got the aged dish and the partner got the Filet Mignon. If you have the aged steak then have some later one, you will be able to taste the difference in the flavor and texture of the meat. However, I thought my partner's Filet Mignon was tastier. We also got a side of mash, which was alright. I was surprised that the Cesar Salad didn't have anchovies or the option. Overall, the food was tasty. The server was okay. He seemed a little mocking when I would let my partner choose the steak and wine (I just started eating steak). So in that respect, I felt it was lacking.
4	Solid 4 perhaps 5.  Go to a steakhouse and order pork chops, yup!   These were probably the best pork chops I have had in a long time.  The confiet (sp?) that was served as garnish was awesome, as was the corn bread...I tasted someone's steak and it was very good.  I just could not eat two big steak meals two days back to back.   I heard no complaints during the meal or the next day.Service here was fantastic (a little miss from the personality of the two bar tenders though....stick around for drinks after, they were really not the best customer facing folks, really need to improve please).Second time eating here (first was little over a year ago) and I am looking to my third visit!
4	Me and a friend came here for a late dinner back in august, service was good and the food was even better. I had a Caesar Salad, mac N Cheese, and rib-eye steak. The salad was great except for the croutons they are very crumbly and if you inhale as you put it in your mouth the crumbs can cause you to choke like I did! My Mac N Cheese was good and my steak even better. So juicy and amazing it was a tad bit on the raw side (I had asked for medium rare) but that's fine. My friend had the prime rib and he said it was one of the best he has ever had. All in all I would definitely come back on my next Vegas trip and I will be bringing a few friends with me.
5	I really do enjoy this place, great food, wonderful staff. The food selection is what you would expect, nothing but 5 Stars here, from the moment you are seated to the time you leave.
5	Everytime out of state friends and family come over, they want to go to New York New York and see this place. They are too cheap and scared to travel to the real New York. Whatever....Since they left it all up to me, I suggested we go here, because I was salivating at those aged steaks in the window. The place is bigger than you realize, and they are always super busy. Who knew? Hostesses sat us right away and near a door that lead to the bathroom across the hall. NICE! The service was nice and so was the lighting. The crowd that night was a mix of families, business crowd and romantic lovers. We all ordered different entrees (salads, calamari, bruschetta, crabcakes) shared and devoured them. Holy Horseradish, wow the prices for steaks made me pause real quick. This is pricey. The taste proved otherwise, as I had the filet med rare. 'Everyone enjoyed their entrees. If you order seafood, they have no prices, so it varies on a daily basis. I had the four cheese mac as a side and was NOT disappointed. There is no formal dress code at Gallaghers either as everyone else was wearing whatever they wore touring the strip.
4	Gallaghers is a definite go-to in Las Vegas for a great steak. The service is top notch, and the ambiance is nice. The only down side is it is pricey and can get very noisy. Either way I find myself here nearly every time I am in Las Vegas.
4	Very good food, great service.Queen cut prime rib-Huge portion, very yummy, Ordered medium rare, but got medium to medium well instead =(Garlic Mashed potatoes SUPER yummyMac and Cheese was gross.
4	This place is so good.  I have been tried so many different steakhouse both in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, boy i have to say this is one of my favorite.  My wife got the queen size prime rib cut and i ordered the rib eye.  Both were satisfactory.  Starting off with my wife's prime rib.  It was soft, tender, lots of juice, buttery, i mean its so perfect.  As far as for Rib Eye, its not as good as the first time.  But it always has the char grilled favor, which really grabs the attention.  My cut wasn't too bad, but it has some party requires extra work to chew.  I have to recommend their crab cakes to anyone who goes there.  Their crab cakes are make from real ALASKAN KING CRAB meat.  I think it really worth the money.  Anyways i would recommend anyone to give it shot.
4	More like 4.5 stars -- almost perfect =PProbably one of if not the best steak I've had in Vegas. I've been here 3 times already and each time has been great!First of all, this place is always PACKED.  Make sure you have reservations or you'll have a wait around dinner time.I've ordered the filet mignon twice and the queen cut prime rib once, and also have tried the porterhouse and the cowboy rib-eye (GREAT FLAVOR).  All have been superb, but I will say that my favorite is still the tender filet. Each time it has been cooked precisely medium-rare as ordered...which is often a difficult task even at some of the best steakhouses.The one time I ordered the queen cut prime rib, I was disappointed after having such a great previous visit and ordering the filet.  Although the queen cut was a sizable portion (but not too big that I couldn't finish) they served me a medium-well to well (see pic), when I had ordered medium-rare. (I didn't bother sending it back cuz I was so hungry, just decided not to order it again in the future). The prime rib cut is on the thicker side and not quite as flavorful as prime rib I've enjoyed at other establishments that primarily serve prime rib (Lawry's or SF's House of Prime Rib). After that, I stuck with only ordering filet, which has been consistently top-notch.BEST SIDE EVER: seasonal mushroom medley!!  Unbelievable! You'll have to taste it to understand.Their sauteed spinach and macaroni are great as well.Don't forget to save/make room for their creme brulee -- it's amazing!!!This place is not your typical snooty, quiet steakhouse.  It's actually very lively, as everyone seems to be enjoying themselves in great company. Service was super friendly and attentive.  They checked on us regularly and we were never low on water. Only slight inconvenience would be that the restaurant itself did not have restrooms and you have to exit through the backdoor to use NYNY hotel's restrooms instead. However, that's really minor compared to the quality of food and service that you'll get here =)
5	I know Vegas has an endless number of choices when it comes to a good quality steak, but this has to be one of the best steaks I've ever had.  Definitely in my top 5 and maybe even top 3.  The decor is typical steakhouse.  We went early and with reservations so seating wasn't a problem, but the place very quickly packed up.  We were there on a Sunday.  I wanted to come here since last year when me and my boys came for a quick turn around trip and we stayed at New York New York but I got way too wasted and had to crash early.  They never let me live that down but after making sure we hit up this place this year before we got too drunk, the wait was definitely worth it.  We all got New York steaks and it was the only thing we could talk about the rest of the time we were there and can't wait to go back next year.  This steak makes our quick 1 day trip worth the drive.
4	I'm not a huge steak fan but the pork chops are delish.  Although everything is a la carte, you'd be surprised how full you are after eating 5 lbs of meat.  :D  For those who are really into steakhouses, this is a good place to go...I personally prefer going to Emeril's in MGM for more variety.  Emeril's has a steakhouse too; Delmonico's.  $40 steaBathroom is sort of annoying because you share it directly with the food court area and there is always a line in the ladies room.  It sort of ruins the nice restaurant feel to step into the garish potty lighting.  Shrug....still keeping the 4 stars.
4	tastiest pint of blue moon i've had(they must clean their pumps/hoses).  shrimp/crab louie was good but it's not worth $16 due to small meat portions.  filet mignon sliders excellent @ $10--come w/homemade potato chips & so delicious already, i didn't need catsup or tabasco like i do w/every other sliders.  nice bread & bearnaise sauce.  super-cool bartender who's attentive & helpful too.  this is the joint that has the moldy steaks in the window i'm too scared to try; i hear they're good & don't make you ill .  i'll be back for more sliders
5	Awesome food. Prime rib was one of the best I've ever eaten. And it was huge and cooked perfect. Tight place so no room to move around.
5	This was my first time to Gallagher's even though I am a Gallagher and my father is from Brooklyn.  He has told me many times this restaurant would not disappoint and it certainly did not.  The steak was one of the best Porterhouse steaks I've ever had. I too am not a huge dessert fan at restaurants but was recommended the toffee pudding cake.  WOW, I still think about it today.  It was like a toffee bar in every bite. I was worried it would be like bread pudding (not a fan at all, too dry).  This dessert was tasty and gooey and definitely memorable. The wait staff was excellent and very attentive.  Great experience!    Kathy Gallagher
5	i had a proper sit down meal.  perfect wait staff .  had to try the uncommon aged steak--it had no fat, had a great flavor all by itself, but the bleu cheese complimented nicely. i can't complain about portions.  four cheese macaroni was good.  shiraz wine delicious.  we were dressed casually & not treated like hobos.  upon leaving, couldn't believe how the restaurant was at max occupancy 7pm monday .  we got whatever we wanted & the bill was approx $100.  i'll return
2	I do not understand why a restaurant would go to the trouble of wet and dry aging a steak to serve it smothered in a sauce?Our appetizer, bruchetta was ok, nothing great.  The wedge salad was very good, excellent blue cheese dressing.We ordered the 4 Cheese Mac and Cheese and Broccoli au Gratin.  The Mac and Cheese was pretty good but not outstanding.  The Broccoli au Gratin was just broccoli with a cheese sauce,  we expected a baked broccoli and cheese dish.The steaks were not good at all.  The first steaks they brought out were barely warm, I was very disappointed to see they both had been smothered in a brown gravy like sauce.   The waiter took them back to reheat them and when he brought them back they were basically the same.  He took those back and brought two new ones out about 10 minutes later, these were hotter but still not what I would expect for a 35-50 dollar steak.  If I had known the steaks were sauced/gravied here I would have never eaten here.  This should be disclosed on the menu.
5	Best steak ever; you have to try their signature dry aged meat!  Their steaks come with this grilled garlic bulb that compliments the steak, but be ready for stinky breathe!
5	Best steak ever. Filet mignon cooked to absolute perfection. Sides were great too - mac and cheese (not your typical mac and cheese) and creamed spinach. Service was excellent. Prices are are about $40-50 per person without alcohol but you pay that much in Las Vegas for a buffet. Excellent meal.
1	My husband and I went to Vegas for our 1st marriage anniversary. We are irish so we really wanted try this place. We made reservations hours in advance. When we got there we were sat in the back in the corner , the lady walking by to take pictures walked by our table twice and didn't even acknowledge we were there. My husband ordered his steak medium well and I ordered mine  medium. His came more well done and mine was more medium rare... For the money we paid we thought we would get better quality.. Oh and the Cesar salad had whole romain leafs. We thought that was odd too.. Oh well we won't go back
3	Wife and I went last night, went all out with drinks, appetizer, bread, salad, entrees, sides and wine.  Our drinks were good, $10. The crab cake (3) appetizer was fantastic, fresh and almost completely crab. The bread was fresh and complimentary, would've liked it better served warm.  We had the wedge salad  presented nicely with heart of palm and baby tomatoes, blue cheese dressing was good. I had the dry-aged, bone-in New York sirloin.  It was perfectly cooked medium rare, averagely tender.  It is served with a sauce on it, which I could've done with out.  I feel a steak should speak for itself, and if it needs a sauce then it's not a great steak. My wife had the pork chops, and we didn't eat them.  They were very tough with almost no flavor, very disappointing! The mushroom medley was terrific, and the colossal baked potato was definitely that!  The best part of the dinner was the staff.  Very professional, attentive and friendly.  We were given the opportunity to replace the pork chops, but we were so full we declined.  So thanks to Roberto and Mike! Great job guys!
3	A foodie friend took us here so we really thought it was gonna be some top notch Steak.  I mean this foodie friend has a reputation - a reputation that when he says a place is the best, it is the best.  This place was far from the best.  The only thing it had was BIG steaks, meant for giants.  Yes, they aged the steaks.  Seriously, it was very unimpressive.  If you want giant steak, go here.  If you want good steak, go to Mastro's.
3	It was my first time in Vegas, so I'm not quite used to having to walk through a busy, smoky casino to get to a nice restaurant. That being said, the food itself was just alright. I expect a good steak to need nothing additional, but my ribeye came with some type of sauce drizzled over it. I accidentally ordered mine medium well, when I meant medium/medium rare. They were more than willing to take mine back and re-make it, but I can't bear to waste a "good" steak. Experience overall wasn't worth the pricey items, so I doubt ill visit again if I'm ever in the area.
4	I've been here at least 5 times, and the food is pretty awesome. Ok, not 5 star awesome but just as good as any other quality american steakhouse. Portions are pretty standard. The real reason I come here, however is their kick-ass-blow-your-pants-off "atomic" horseradish that every waiter is so secretly proud of. None of that watered down creamy crap that so many restaurants serve. Their horseradish is off the wall totally destroys your taste buds kinda thing. I can't even say take a "pea-sized" amount with a bite of rib-eye (my favorite at the restaurant btw). Even a pea-sized amount will have you screaming for relief. Other than that, nothing more special in a 4 star restaurant. Service is excellent, decor is decent, and a great place to bring a date. Definitely expect to spend around 60-100$ a person, more for drinks.
2	Normally, I stay away from comments about service and focus on food, but it was my brother-in-law's birthday so I'm going to say something.  So, the bad.  While it might seem small to some people, the hostesses were really rude.  I consider myself to be extremely low-maintenence, but all three of the girls seemed annoyed by even the smallest question.  From checking in, to seating, to slipping them my credit card to ensure that I paid the bill -- I just felt really unwelcome there.  But of course, the hostess is just one aspect of service and service is just one aspect of a restaurant experience.  Our waiter was fantastic and the food well...it's a steakhouse, not a tasting menu so anyone reading this has had food like this before.  The steaks were fabulous, the sides were nice (my fav being the green beans which were slightly smokey and really delicious!).  The best dessert we had was the cheesecake.  It was done nicely and wasn't too sweet.  One service highlight was that for our party of six, 18% gratuity was included but they actually put a stamp on the tip line to remind us in an attempt to stop us from adding any extra tip.  That was actually quite thoughtful of them, but I slipped our waiter an extra $60 anyway because he really did almost make me forget about the hostesses. Almost...
4	This place is awesome!  We had a reservation but arrived early and they sat us right away.  The whole experience was great and the food was amazing.  I had the prime rib and my husband had the aged steak they are famous for, both were delicious.  The salad was a wedge salad and was super cold, two thumbs up there!!  Service was great, overall it was a little pricey but for a special occasion or special night out it is definitely worth it!!  Will be back next year!
5	Before we saw Zumanity my date suggested we dine at Gallagher's and she made a great call. The seating is a bit tight, but the atmosphere is fun and bustling. Our calamari appetizer was prepared well (not rubbery) and the dipping sauce was zesty, but not overpowering. I had the tuna medium rare and my date had her steak prepared medium. Her steak was very tender and flavorful. My tuna was quite good and the plating was excellent (even those dining nearby commented at the excellent presentation). I wish I had taken the suggestion of the server and had the tuna rare, but you live and learn. The highlight of our meal was the sticky toffee pudding, which was the perfect end to a superb meal. The staff was very attentive and fun, as our waiter predicted my date's dessert selection. The excellent food and staff is reflected in the bill, but worth every penny if you're looking for a pleasurable dining experience in New York New York
5	Great service! Amazing steaks! Hands down the best steak I've ever had. It's nothing but dry aging for this girl from now on. A definite must visit if you love steak.
2	After reviewing several reviews we decided to go to dinner at Gallaghers Steakhouse and boy were we disappointed. It started with a distracted waiter who took forever to take our drinks and meal order.  A table that arrive after us actually had their order taken before ours. It was kind of surreal but with all the great reviews we thought it would be worth the wait. Well, it wasn't! Our sirloin steak was bland and rather fatty. The spinach was way too salty and disgusting. Highlights of the evening was the mashed potatoes but this does not save their rating. This was a pricey adventure and one that won't be repeated. I don't have a steakhouse recommendation for Las Vegas visitors but if you are ever in Chicago and want to taste an excellent aged steak, check out Joes Seafood, Prime Steak &Stone Crab...mmmmmmm!
4	Amazing beef quality and excellent customer service!We had dinner here on the New Year's Eve, we were lucky enough to be able to get a reservation at 7:15pm; we arrive at 7pm but the hostess asked us to check with them right at 7:15pm with an impolite attitude. That was kind of odd, why can't we be seated a little earlier if we arrived early? Unlike we have arrived at 6:45pm. Not to mention we had walked over here all the way from Fashion Show mall - one star off here.However, it got all better after we sat down! We were served by a nice gentleman; we ordered their prime rib and aged new york steak, and oh my god they tasted extremely flavorful and juicy!We also had their creme brule, not the best we had but still very fresh.Would definitely come back here when we go visit Vegas next time!
2	We went to Gallagher's to celebrate my 30th birthday, and were actually very disappointed.  The service was awful.  Our server was condescending and more interested in a larger party that clearly had a bigger check.  The food was good, but nothing special.  With so many terrific restaurants in Vegas I will definitely be finding somewhere else to go next time.
3	Service was excellent! Even though they were busy, they managed to find us a seat pretty promptly as well. I ordered the filet with sauteed mushrooms and we had 2 sides, asparagus and macaroni and cheese. Overall, the steak was a good cut. I like my steak truly medium rare, which is really hard for most restaurants to accomplish, and they got pretty close. The sides were pretty good, not the best I've had, but still pretty tasty. I would probably go back if I was staying in New York, New York again.Food: pretty goodService: excellent
5	This is a must when i go to vegas.... service and ambiance is excellent.. cant wait to go back! and yes the steak is the star.. the bar is actually excellent.. had the best cucumber martinis there!
5	My review is based on the bar at Gallagher's.Fernando is the best bartender ever. He's also from my hometown. :)Last visit here was a couple weeks ago. I always ask him to surprise me with a drink. I am always pleased with what he creates! We also ate a few appetizers. The mac n' cheese is to die for!! We also had bruschetta and a bowl of clam chowder! Mmm.
3	Ordered Calamari as an appetizer, it was very good but waiter didn't bring the sauce we asked to go with it until after it was finished however the marinara was excellent and we didn't need the other one.My wife and I ordered the Caesar salad and a filet.  The Caesar was wonderful, melt in your mouth croutons,  but my wife's steak was under cooked a bit.  Not inedible but enough that she didn't like so much. Mine was spot on. The waiter was very nice and personable.  Good service.For the price though, I would pick Outback.
4	Rarely do I choose to have a steak in a restaurant, and even rarer when I actually go to a steakhouse for a meal. I grill a mean steak so why spend the extra money? Imagine my dismay when, for a business dinner, my clients requested that we go to one. Since I really couldn't say no, I made my reservation at Gallagher's. As it turns out, their food was excellent. I had their signature dry-aged New York sirloin, as did most of the table. They were all cooked to perfection and the creamed spinach was truly the best I've ever had. All in all, if I eating my own steak isn't an option, I wouldn't hesitate to have one from Gallagher's.
3	Rye bread excellent.  Clam chowder very good. Waiter said known for their dry aged sirloin.  I hope not!  I went with the New York New York.  Not worth market price.  The sirloin was over cooked.  Def not medium rare.  Lobster was hard, not tender and succulent. Had to dip in butter to make it taste better.  Waiter was somewhat not attentive.  The prime rib others around me looked good. Should have gone with that.
3	We had the dry aged sirloin, after all the first time at any restaurant one must try the signature dish.  Greatly disappointed, not very tender, lots of tough connective tissue, medium rare was closer to medium.  We ask the waiter what grade of meat was used and he answered "choice."  The lack of marbeling was more like select.  Steak flavor was good.  Overall, not worth the $43.00 each.  Baked potato was like rubber, siting in the warmer too long.  The salads were excellent.
5	My wife and I cames here for our 3rd but this time it was for my b-day and I ate like I've never had steak before in my life.  This place is so good and when you are in there it doesn't even seem like you are in the middle of a busy casino ..l highly recommend this place.. Oh and take your special someone.
1	We came here during restaurant week. Busy place as expected, but there is NO reason that our food took a whole 45 minutes to arrive. Our food was also cold. We both had the filet mignon, mine was cooked as medium even though I asked for medium rare. A warm/cold filet mignon is disgusting. Our mashed potatoes were also just barely warm. It seemed that the food runner might have forgotten about our food and it sat there for a bit too long. VERY UNACCEPTABLE for a fine dining place.
4	Really nice dry aged steaks with typical steakhouse fare. I have been here about 5 times over the span of several years, typically during CES.While the food has always been great, the service is hit or miss. To be fair,every time I have been here, the place has been packed, and extremely crowded and loud.I will say that the quality of the steak is outstanding. They dry age the steak on the premises.  Portions are huge.
5	Once again SUPERB!  No one's NY steak, Lobster tail or Sticky Toffee Pudding compares... Hands down the best ever.  Oh and the prices are much less than other steakhouses.  Also if you like a cosmo get one here, perfectly made!  We love Gallaghers forever!!P.S. Make a reservation, no hassle to be seated!
2	This is my second time coming here just to make sure that my first experience wasn't a fluke. Low and behold sadly it  consistenly was the same BAD in every sense of the word. First the service was slow, unattentive, inconsiderate, and most importantly was rushed. The bus boy was more present than our waiter. The steak was certainly not dry aged it tasted like the steak from smiths, and it was marinated, can you believe that. Seriously , this restaurant marinates their steak to make it tasteful.I thought it was dry aged??how can they get away with this travesty. Do the majority of the public fall for this false dry age mumbo jumbo. Ppl save ur money and just go buy some steak at smiths., if you don't believe me then go throw away your money on this pretentious dry age B.S.
5	We went here for dinner and all the food was just fantastic!For my appetizer I had the crab cakes - YUM!  It comes with 3 medium sized crab cakes all which had giant chunks of crab just like perfect crab cakes should.I also ate off of my sister's caesar salad which was delicious.For my entree I had the filet mignon with Bearnaise sauce.  SO GOOD!  This place is definitely on par for awesome steak with other fantastic steak houses.  For sides, I had the mac and cheese and asparagus.  The mac and cheese was actually not that great.  The only semi disappointing thing about the night really.  It wasn't bad but at fine restaurants the mac and cheese is usually to die for and theirs was just OK.  Asparagus was great.The highlight of the night though was probably the service.  Our waiter's name was Paul and he was just fantastic!  So funny, so easy going, great service.Overall - seriously a great place, I would definitely recommend to everyone.
3	Contact Meat sweats.  Urban Dictionary describes meat sweats as:  To consume an obsene amount of meat resulting in perfuse sweating.I got the meat sweats just watching an insane amount of meat being consumed.  One King Cut Prime Rib, about the size of a small dinosaur, landed with a thud on our table.  It was then I understood why my friend didn't order any sides.  This steak was  going to be a challenge.  Another challenge unfortunately, was understanding the price tag.  I get it.  Fine dining atmosphere, dry aged beef and fresh seafood.  To me it was a fluffed up steakhouse.  Not bad, but not outstanding enough to shell out that kind of dough again.  Located inside the New York New York Hotel and Casino right near the main entrance.  The restaurant is completely open facing the commotion of the casino passers by.  The bar wraps around so you can have a drink while waiting for a table.  It's decorated with photos of famous New York alumni covering the walls.  You can take a look at the steak they use in a window outside, dry aging under bright lights.  Looks like something out of Dexter.  We made an Open Table Reservation and we were seated right on time.  It took a few minutes to be acknowledged after we sat down, but our waiter was pleasant and fun once he arrived.  I ordered the Filet and my boyfriend ordered the Dry Aged New York Sirloin.  Both our steaks were the wrong temperature.  I don't normally eat meat, so an under cooked steak is cringe-worthy to me.  I toughed through it because we needed to be at a concert.  The soup I ordered was a beer cheese soup and it was probably the highlight of my meal, along with the side of mushrooms I ordered.  The asparagus tasted like pure butter and they were cold.  Then a family sat down next to us and we watched a little kid eat a filet with ketchup.. oh boy.  It was cute that the waiter cut the steak for him though.Man Vs. Food challenge:  Food wins!  Defeated my friend Geno, but made a homeless man on the bridge grin from ear to ear.  He was eating good that night.
2	For the price, it should have been much better.The serice was really good.   The staff gets 5 stars.The steak wasn't the greatest.  I mean, it wasn't too bad.But, for the price I thought it should have been better.    For a commercial thing in Vegas, I mean it's a touristy thing, let the tourists have fun, they will like it.   I live in San Francisco and have a lot of really nice steak places to go to and I've eaten at many others which have had better cuts of meat and were cooked better.We sent one back because it was well done and we asked for a medium.  It came out right away, no waiting an hour for them to cook another, I'm sure they 'borrowed' someone elses to get ours out quickly, which is nice.  But, that wasn't cooked much less than the first one. :(The steak was pretty tough.   The lobster tail was a little over cooked.If you're not used to going to really nice places, (My Mom ate with us and she isn't used to going out to places like this) and she had a great time and didn't know the difference.   If you know the difference, you'll probably want to go elsewhere.We spent in the neighborhood of $500 for 4 people.  It should have been the best quality for that price.    Now, we didn't eat the cheap stuff either.  2 of us had the surf & turf with the lobster tail.  and a couple of glasses of wine.We skipped dessert and they brought us one small one on the house, that was nice.  Like I said, the staff was perfect from start to finish.  The quality of the meal was the only problem.
4	Go big or go home! Gallagher's portion of meat is huge, and quality of meat is great. I had the dry aged New York steak (delicious) with mashed and wedge salad. My boyfriend had Porterhouse (delicious) with Caesar salad, and mushrooms. We both drank Cabernet along with our dinner and wish there was room for dessert. This is the 2nd time I ever had fine dining, so I wasn't really surprise about the price for 2 which came down about $160. Overall experience, we were satisfied.P.S. If you get the wedge salad, you have to expect a wedge of lettuce with little dressings on it. I didn't expect it to look that way, but soon I cut them into pieces and toss them with a Thousand Island dressing. It was quite fresh and crispy, I must admit.
5	Great!!! Service... Beautiful Inimate & classy ambiance.. My 2nd trip there & still the best ribeye steak I have ever had.... I highly recomend !!!
5	Amazing service! The portion sizes are large so be warned.  I had Filet and it was cooked to perfection. Slightly charred with a bit of caramelization on the outside with a delicious medium on the inside. My boyfriend has the Queen Ribeye - wow was it big but he said it was the best steak he has had in a long time. With all of the fuss with the newer properties and restaurants, a stop at New York New York for a steak a Gallagher's is a must-do!
3	Had their "signature" dry aged NY strip. Not very special. Go for the rib eye or Prime rib. Service was great, but for the price the food could be much better.
5	Very Nice!  The service was wonderful, the portions were huge, and the food was excellent.  There were 6 in my party:  1 had the Ribeye, 2 had the Sea Bass (catch of the day) and 3 had the Queen Cut Prime Rib.  Everyone was very pleased with their food (I had the sea bass - Yum), and we couldn't believe how large the "Queen cut" of Prime Rib was!It's pricey, but pretty much everything in Las Vegas is.  I would go back again, given the chance.
5	Dry cured steaks that will change your life. Amazing.
4	"I must.  I must.  I must INCREASE MY BUST!"And I squeeezed.  And I flexed.  And I waited.  And I waited...18 I was (3 years ago...ok fine, 4...and then some), and the twin peaks were like small mounds.  The other girls were wearing big bountiful lacy things and I still hadn't outgrown my sports bra.  They had told me that I must do my exercises.  So exercise I did...religiously.  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3TZB3upHZY )  The only thing the Bust Song and dance ever accomplished was a deflated ego and an increase in my pectoral muscles.  When the realization came that I was gonna need a bro instead of a bra, ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfONNfAjyrc ) the insanity stopped.  Naive much?  Yes.ENTER:  Gallagher's Steakhouse's beautifully dry aged, bright scarlet, marbled beef displayed in a sealed glass case for all passersby to admire.  It's like that gorgeous girl you had your eyes on but just wanted to look at, not really converse with.  Why?  Because she just didn't taste as good as she looked.  Wait.  I'm still talking about the cow.  Right.The Signature New York Steak is dry aged for 21 days in order to allow the flavors to seep in.  Although somewhat flavorful, it's rather tough even when served medium rare.  Try it with the accompanied sauces ($3 each).  We liked the Brandied Peppercorn served in a gravy boat.  The peppercorn provides that perfect kick along with the brandy reduction.  Although the restaurant advertises the signature steaks displayed in their case, it's really nothing more than a good marketing ploy.  The mystery of dry aged beef to be more wonderful in flavor is as appealing as ExtenZe for Men.  In the end, it's nothing more than a stiff wind.The true star of the evening was the 18 oz Cowboy Ribeye.  Sure, it was bigger than my face, but I rode that cowboy like any good cowgirl would...right into the sunset.  Each bite exploded with flavor.  It was tender, robust, and served with crispy string onions which was the perfect accompaniment.  Service was very attentive and friendly, which earned them an extra star.  Overall, a decent steakhouse though a bit gimmicky.When Suzanne Somers told me that I could have buns of steel, I took a beating with the Thigh Master.  When the Shake Weight promised to revolutionize the way I tone my arms and shoulders, I ended up looking like I was JACKING. SOMEONE. OFF.  Yes, I fall for gimmicks as much as the guy who bought that Snuggie to free his hands for the remote (as well as "other" activities - notably after popping his ExtenZe pill).  Gallagher's may not have really lived up to the hype, but its marketing genius keeps people like me coming in, in hopes that the product really will deliver.  Every now and then, it's good to keep the hope alive for us infomercial-suckers.Perhaps one day, I will learn that The Clapper cannot clap off an idiot.That my ChiaPet will not play fetch.That I may not "increase my bust" by squeezing my arms across my chest...But like my breastesses, these hopes and dreams, though late to bloom, would one day become reality...however small and humble.  You just gotta believe...preferably with a Visa or MasterCard ready in hand.
2	Their famous dry-aged steak was decent, as in kinda good, nothing more. The meat portions are huge so that made up for it's price of $45ish. The lobster tail was quite dry and lacked a lot more natural flavor than it should've and the reddish seasoning on top didn't help at all.  It cost me 75 bucks alone!! Yes, it was a big lobster tail, but it sucked.  In hindsight, I should've said that it sucked to see if my server would remove it from our check.  However, he didn't ask how the food was, and I felt generous that night or something. The mac and cheese side dish was bland as hell. Chef Boyardee could put out a better dish, which is really, really saying something.  The best part was the green beans which were very well seasoned and very tasty but way overpriced for what they were.  The portion was modest at best but cost us something in the teens.I must admit that if it wasn't for their lavish display of the process of dry-aging steaks in the glass enclosure right outside their restaurant, I wouldn't have felt tempted to eat there.
4	My fiancee and I happened to stop by here while we are New York New York and was glad that we did.  It was a weekend night out and we were leaving that Sunday.  Their bar service was absolutely phenomenal!  The price is right and they know how to make dirty martini's (w/blue cheese olives) and Manhattan's straight up.  Its so hard sometimes to find a place that makes them the way they are supposed to be.  Being a  NY restaurant themed it would have been a shame if they didn't know . Going to come here for my Manhattan's from here on out.
3	Service: 4 starsFood: 3.5Came here on a Thur night w/ reservations @ 6:30pm for 2 and we were seated promptly. The place was pretty busy for a weeknight. Ordered: surf & turf (filet) for myself , cowboy rib-eye for hubby & side of mushrooms, Pinot Noir. Positive: rib-eye was delicious and perfectly cooked, mushrooms were flavorful. Service was spot on & our water glasses were never left empty.Con: Restaurant was a little loud and the lobster was slightly overcooked and chewy. Filet was good, but nothing to write home about. At close to $100 for the surf & turf I expected better quality & execution. I should have ordered the rib eye which was recommended by other yelp reviewers & our cab driver. Atmosphere is more relaxed being that it's in the NY NY casino, so we didn't feel out of place wearing jeans and a nice top. However, we did see some older patrons wearing a cocktail dress or slacks and they fit right in too.
2	I really wanted to like Gallagher's after reading all the great reviews. I really did.Unfortunately, our dining experience was less than stellar:- My husband was not served alcohol because he left his ID in our hotel room even though my 60-year-old-plus parents vouched for his age (he's 29). We hadn't been carded the entire trip. I get that they don't want to get in trouble, but this was annoying.- It took about 30 minutes after we sat down to get bread, and we received our entrees ONE HOUR after ordering. We ordered after 8PM on a Sunday night, and they were not swamped with customers.- One of my fellow table guests asked the bread/water server for an update on our food, and he said he'd check with our server. Our server Linda consequently ignored us until our food arrived, about 15 minutes later. We tried to make eye contact with her to no avail while she was checking on other tables around us.- Several dishes were cold when we finally got them (i.e. French fries, which are never good cold).- My husband found several hairs in his food about 10 minutes after we were served. We told our server. She came over and asked if he had saved the hairs for her to see. Who saves hairs they find in their food? That's disgusting! Look on the floor where he tossed them!- The manager came by after our server told him about the hairs on my husband's plate. He too questioned my husband if he saved the hairs (um, no). The manager said, "I'm surprised, this usually doesn't happen" - I would certainly hope not!- Neither our server or the manager offered to get another meal for my husband (again, after waiting an hour to get our food, so we were all hungry!). They took his hairy food off the bill, but such an accusatory attitude toward a guest is awful. They were both defensive and arrogant when it came to trying to make the situation better.Overall, I was extremely disappointed. To wait an hour for food, topped off with rude staff, is unacceptable when you're spending $50+ per person on food and drinks. I work in customer service myself so I know how important it is to cater to your guests. The sad part is, it's Vegas and they don't care if you ever come back, so they could care less about keeping their customers happy.I emailed Gallagher's customer service (via their website, not New York New York's), so it will be interesting to see if I get a response back.
1	I know steak quality, and I am extremely disappointed that this Las Vegas location uses Gallagher's name yet serves only USDA Choice Grade steak!!  This is unacceptable!!!Gallagher's assumes that its Las Vegas clientele are too stupid to understand that they're paying for the very best Prime+ but are being served Sizzler-quality USDA Choice Grade steak.Yes, the ambiance and service -- and even the side dishes and desserts -- are excellent, but nothing makes up for misleading customers.  :(
4	We ate here on Thursday 6/7/12. Party of 8 for my friends 40th birthday. He had been to Gallagher's many times. It was a first for myself. The service was great. John was our server. He was very attentive, just what you would expect from a steak house.My wife and I ordered the iceberg wedge to start. It was great, exactly what I expected. We shared the chilled king crab legs appetizer. The crab legs cut long ways and served on the half shell. Wonderful! Then, we shared the New york steak. It was very good. I will eat he again for sure.
4	Food was amazing. Be prepared for an expensive meal though.  Considering my husband and I are bad service magnets, the service wasn't too bad.  The waiter did get a little pissy with us when I had to send my steak back.  It was supposed to be medium rare and it was bordering well done.  But he brought it back and seemed to want me to assure him repeatedly that all was ok.  Other than that, it was great.  I would go back for sure.The clam chowder is amazing.
4	I can always count on a good piece of meat every time I visit Las Vegas from Gallaher's ( and a very fine extensive wine selection to bless said cow tastiness )
4	2nd visit. Had reservations and we were seated right on time. Good service. Our waiter seemed to know his stuff and recommended a few choices. I thought it was a nice restaurant that wasn't too expensive. We had the dry-aged NY Sirloin and the Prime Rib of Beef with sides of mash, fries, and a salad. Mash was okay. Nothing special. Good fries though. No complaints about our beef. Overall, it was a good  dining experience.
3	Food was good but not great, especially for the price. We ordered two filets cooked the same. One came out perfect and the other very undercooked. They fixed it pretty quickly but did not offer anything discounted for the hassle. All around though the service was excellent. If your in Vegas looking for a great steak for this price range I would suggest Delmonicos in the Venition. About the same price but the steak and apps are much better.
5	My friends had been raving about this place and we finally planned at trip to Las Vegas and made the reservation. From start to finish, the service and food were outstanding! Gio even remembered my friend and her husband, who had celebrated their wedding here. Gio was adorable. I ordered the clam chowder, which was amazing! I also had the king cut prime rib, which easily fed 3-4 people, mac and cheese, and the daily potato special, which was a loaded mashed potato. EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS!We had a group of 10 and we were celebrating 2 birthdays. They sent out two dessert platters with the prettiest little pastries. Very nice!I'd totally go back and refer others as well. MMMM!
4	Sometimes, ya just gotta get away.  A fresh break up and a project wrap had me itchin' to get outta Dodge.  So I bounced to Vegas for my first Yelp Elite event (Spring Break Vegas! in da house) and ended up here.It's just what you'd expect for a really good steakhouse.  Great wines, too.
3	Looking at other reviews and their high opinion of this place, I'd like to first breakdown why my review does not match the other's enthusiasm.1 star- Service1 star- Ambience1 star- Food-1 star- Food (I'll explain)Let me begin with the service. This is by far the highlight of my meal there. The service was impeccable. WE had a really kind genuine waitress who was consistent in checking on us and spoke to us with purpose and interest. There was a separate guy who filled up waters/drinks, who was seriously on his game that night! He was like a ninja! I'll take a swig of my drink and look over into conversation with my party and look back to notice that my glass was refilled.... *cue eary music* *looks around but not a prospect in sight* haha! But that was awesome, some of the best service I have ever had. Extremely accommodating.Ambience was nice. The place has their lights low and you look around to a pretty restaurant. It feels like a classy night out, given your cutlery, the service, and the uniform the staff is wearing. But the customers are still casual so that sort of brings things back down to earth, which is fine by me.Ok here we go, Food! I ordered the Cowboy Ribeye Steak, recommended by the waitress, with a side of macaroni and cheese. Now the steak was really good! (Next time I'll probably go Medium). I really enjoyed the steak but when it came down to complimenting it with a side, there were problems. The macaroni and cheese was bland. They attempted it with different noodles and a creamier white cheese but it lacked flavor and even after adding seasoning it just tasted generic. I tried my friend's french fries and I didn't care for those either, to my surprise! It seems like it would be hard to mess those up. They didn't mess it up but they tried a garlic seasoning or something but it ended up tasting bland. In the end I felt secluded to just the steak which was good but I wanted something else with it. For the money I paid for dinner I feel like my whole dinner should have been amazing. It's pretty pricey here guys so your wallet needs to match your hunger hereIf you're just trying to find a great steak and nothing else then this wouldn't be a bad place to try.
4	Was not impressed with the bone in strip steak. Was really tough. Out of the 3 strip steaks 2 were done right and 1 was under done. The prime rib was out of this world however. Service was top notch as well. I would return
4	The service was here was outstanding and if the review was based on that alone it would get 5 stars. I am a HUGE believer in providing outstanding customer service especially when it is YOUR job and you get paid to do it. These people here, go above and beyond. They know their job and do it very, very well.I went to Gallagher's for a work dinner and we were lucky enough to be greeted (once we arrivede at our table) by the Executive Chef. He hand picked a couple of our appetizers for us and made us feel completely at home.We were served the cold and hot seafood appetizers and almost everything on these two dishes were spectacular. Everything except the fried calamari. It was a bit greasy, a tad bit over cooked and the breading didn't want to stay on. Still good needless to say. The jumbo colossal shrimp on both plates were to die for. On the hot platter it was drizzled in the most amazing sauce. Shrimps on both platter were so sweet and succulent. Crab cakes on the hot platter were the perfect size and the crab legs on the cold platter were split, easy to eat and so very sweet.We also had bruschetta which was neither here nor there for me. It was fine but didn't blow me away or anything. I absolutely loved my porterhouse steak and while I love my beef, most yell at me when I order mine medium well. Pink is good with no blood for me please. But even though I had it cooked a little longer than medium rare it was still tender and juicy. One thing I was extremely shocked was how well seasoned the meat was. I didn't taste nothing more than salt and pepper but it was just perfect. Enough seasoning to compliment the meat and not cover the flavor of the steak itself.The bone marrow that comes with the porterhouse was a HUGE surprise to me and a good one at that. I was drooling when I was eating it and enjoying every minute of it. I had only wished I had more. It was that good. The asparagus here have the most perfect Hollandaise sauce I have ever tasted in my life. The sauce was bright with lemon, buttery, smooth and the way it coated my tongue left me in heaven. We also had a mac and cheese but it was overpowered by the bacon in it and I wasn't a huge fan.The Yukon gold potato puree was good, not great. A bit too loose for me but all the cheese that was in made up for it.Decent wine list. Strong mixed drinks. Expensive dinner to say the least. But I didn't have to pay for it. ;)
5	We had a show to get to about thirty minutes after we made it to the restaurant so we were pretty rushed.  We let the waitress know and she was super helpful; she let us know that the majority of the main courses offered took about thirty minutes to prepare, so pretty much everyone ordered appetizers except me.  I ordered the special, which at the time was Mahi-mahi - I figured fish would cook faster than a steak or something like that. Best decision I have ever made. The waitress continued to check on our food and us to make sure we would be able to enjoy our meal and get to the show on time, and let me tell you - so worth the wait and the rush. BEST FISH I HAVE EVER HAD. It had some sort of maple glaze/sauce on it and it was simply to die for.  Everyone else was immensely satisfied with their meals too. We couldn't stop talking about it all evening.
3	Gallagher's is home to the best steak meal I have ever had and also one of the worst.  The first time my man and I dined here we ordered a dry aged filet for him and the steak and lobster special for me...long story short, my plate was $200 of pure, unadulterated goodness (In related news, you should probably ask how much Market Price is...now we know) containing a 20-ounce sirloin AND a WHOLE LOBSTER (Seriously.  Not the tail.  THE WHOLE THING.) that was cracked at the table for me.  It was amazing and continues to reign supreme as the most expensive thing I have ever eaten.  The second time we came, I was still in awe of my last trip and expected the same glorious experience to happen again (this time with less steak and lobster).  The second time around, however, I spent a ton of money on an overcooked, dry, and tasteless steak.  How a restaurant can deliver such opposing meals makes it hard to want to come here for a third try.  I want to go again, especially when staying at NYNY, but I'm afraid the consistency just isn't there...OR I can go with the knowledge that I will have to be that guy and send my steak back (which I NEVER do) because for the money I am paying, the steak should blow my mind.
1	If I could give these guys no stars I would. they changed chef's a couple of months ago and food quality has gone straight downhill. They changed out their NY steak and its thinner with more bone and less meat. Also had their filet, they say center cut, but I know my meat and that sure as hell wasn't center cut. For the price we paid we should've gone elsewhere. Hell, we found out after the fact that the quality wasn't even Prime, it was Choice, same as Wal Mart. It's unfortunate for the wait staff because they were fantastic, but the food imho is on par with Outback. The bar is still great though.
5	I rate this 5 star due to the amazing service and we had calamari which was tender n marinara sauce was zesty...baby spinach salad was perfect, but the fillet was so flavorful and crab legs were 8 huge legs..I only could eat 4 lol. A la carte sides and potato was humungous! Lol..so stuffed!
5	The filet mignon was EXCEPTIONAL. If your debating between getting the surf and turf, save yourself and just go for the filet mignon. My boyfriend could go without their lobster with their filet mignon being that amazing. I had the organic salmon = delicious! They give you bread and butter. We had clam chowder as an appetizer, steamed broccoli and yukon gold mashed potatoe puree as our side dishes, only complaint being the broccoli was a pinch undercooked. The service was top notch! Our bill ended up around $200 (two glasses of cabernet sauvignon included), excellent fancy dinner for two!
5	I've been to dozens of steak houses over the years and without a doubt, Gallaghers is the best one I've ever eaten. I had  New York and my girlfriend had the Ribeye. Both steaks were flavorful and just melts in your mouth.My cousin and her husband joined us as well and I even managed to convince her a steak medium-rare. She's one of those who only eats meat when its charred.... Her husband had the Prime Rib Queen Cut and it was unbelievably big. Despite its size he nearly finished it. I don't think he ever ate a steak that big before, but he told us because its so good he made an exception!I would come back to Gallaghers over Mastro's. I also tried Carnevino and this steakhouse is still top of the list!
4	One of the better quality steakhouses on the Vegas strip. I've been to my fair share of them too. But almost everyone of them I've had to spend over $100 per person to walk out with a full stomach. Gallagher's is high quality without the the high price tags! Cowboy ribeye, dry-aged for 15 days for only $42... at 22oz after cooked, it'll feed 1.5 average persons or one of me! My friend ordered the king prime rib and that would have easily fed the table. I estimate it was over 30oz! If you order it for one, skip the free bread! You want to make more room for the meat!Service was good. Decor is a typical old fashioned style steakhouse - dim light, leather booths, wood panels and B&W photos. Check Please:Guest count: 42x cowboy ribeyes1x king prime rib1x queen prime rib1x house salad1x warm mushroom saladsides: large baked potato & wild mushroom medley1x glass of wineGrand total with tax and tips: $265
4	I don't mind saying that this was a terrific meal, if not mind-blowing. Four of us walked in, without a reservation, and were told there would be a wait of over an hour. We said ok, but at that same moment, four seats magically opened at the bar. We all sat down, and ordered Manhattans and four medium-rare bone-in ribeyes (as one does at a steakhouse). Our female bartender was attentive and friendly, even though the bar was packed. Would come back to see her again. The steaks were all tasty (but only two were medium-rare...the other two substantially over), as were our sides.Not cheap, but certainly not overpriced, and the cocktails were strong and well-made. This was my second time at Gallagher's, and I'm looking forward to going back my next time in Vegas.
5	Quite literally the best steak I ever had.  Very nicely turned out restaurant, helpful yet unobtrusive staff, unbelieveable food.First, let's get the one downer for this place out of the way... it's expensive.  Really good steak places are.  If that's a problem, you won't like it.Once you get over that, be prepared to just sit there and groan for at least a half hour after you eat here.  The steaks are just that big and that good.   I'd recommend either the dry-aged New York strip (with bone, and about 2+ inches thick, plus look up dry-aging... it's incredible), or the Cowboy-cut Rib-eye (best rib-eye... EVAH, and at least a pound of beef).Sides are also pretty nice.  We had the broccoli au gratin, wild mushrooms, asparagus, and mashed potatoes (can be skipped) at the table.  They were big enough for 2 easy and very tasty.The staff was great.  At places this nice, the staff are sometimes just too eager to pump the tip and are constantly interrupting your conversations and groans of enjoyment.  Not true here.   Our glasses were never empty, but I hardly noticed the staff after we got our meal, otherwise.  Good job, guys.The six of us spent about $450 with a few beers and sodas around the table, 6 steaks, and 4 or 5 sides.  It's not cheap, but if you're in Vegas for some good food... this is a great place to get it.Oh, forget dessert, it's a joke you'll understand after you've stuffed the steak in your belly.
5	Food was divine.  The filet practically melts in your mouth.  Curry mashed potatoes were flavorful and a nice change to an old favorite.
5	Gallagher's is an easy review. This is the best steak I've ever had. Service is great, price is lower than what I would expect to pay for a meal of this quality outside of Vegas let alone on the middle of the strip. I plan on coming back here many times.
5	The aged sirloin, their specialty, is still the best steak I've ever had. Super convenient location right in the New York New York hotel. I'll definitely be stopping again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This restaurant was great. The service was wonderful and the price was reasonable. Our waiter was very attentive and so was the person who kept our glasses full. We both had the filet with a side of Yukon gold mashed potatoes.
5	I told my girlfriend that all I wanted for my birthday was a steak dinner and she booked us a reservation at Gallagher's at NY NY in Vegas. We walked in and the table was ready right away and it has the complete feel of a traditional steak-house and one that would be home in downtown Manhattan (or so I imagine what that would look like). We started with oysters and crab salad. The oysters were good but the crab was incredible. Very fresh and lots of meat. I would get the crab salad again any day of the week.I had ordered a filet mignon medium rare and it was cooked a little on the medium side but it still had it's rare-ish quality that made it juicy. My girlfriend, who is not a big steak eater, ordered the house steak with hollandaise sauce. Normally, I'm weary of steak places that offer sauce on their steak. call me old-fashioned, but I was raised in the school of a good steak doesn't need anything added to it. Save for a little garlic butter, but other than that, grill it and give it to me as is. However, as she ordered it medium-well, having the sauce there was a good option. The steak was still delicious and, more importantly, she loved it.Lastly, an odd encounter happened there that made our trip funny as hell. So we were sitting next to each other and a group of older gentlemen sat next to us. On their way out, they slipped us a note saying that we were a cute couple and to save room for dessert and to try the "sticky toffee pudding". But the way they phrased the note, left room for multiple interpretations. So we called the waiter over, explained what happened and he laughed and gave us his opinion as to what he thought the note meant. He apologized for the enounter, and we assured him it wasn't a big deal at all, we just thought it was funny. He said it would have made more sense if they had actually bought us a dessert, but they didn't, so he had no clue what they were talking about. HOWEVER, when dinner was done, the waiter came over with the sticky toffee pudding and gave it to us on the house as a means of apologizing for his other table. It was completely unneccessary, but amazing customer service. The food gets 4 stars, the dessert was INCREDIBLE and gets 5 stars, but the service there gets 10 stars. I work in sales and appreciate good customer service and attention to detail and was VERY impressed with these guys. I wish I remember the name of our server...i think it was Raul...or Ramon...but he single-handedly made a good dinner, an exceptional evening. GIVE THAT MAN A RAISE!
1	Horrible experience!!!We were looking forward to this dinner date. Ate there before steak and lobster dinner special, but this time was awful. Steak was almost raw, and the service was good, but we were not offered a replacement, or a credit, even after the manager got involved. Never ever going back, and definitely would not recommend the place after this.
5	Got here at 7pm no reservations. We were staying at NYNY so I'm guessing that's why we were seated. Been here several times with no reservations, never had to wait. Then again we're usually staying at this hotel. Always seated in the same area, no complaints. Service is always good, from the Hostess to the drink guy(?) to the waiter.Just ordered bottled water, then a basket of bread was brought over. Good and warm but really didn't want to fill up on it.As for the food, what can I say. Dry aged steaks are the best! But this time I had the Alaskan King Crab. Three nice size legs split in half. My gf had the porterhouse steak.Maybe a 20 minute wait for our food not bad considering how busy it was. By that time we noticed a long line starting to form outside.My gf's porterhouse was perfectly done, she enjoyed it. It also came with bone marrow, first time she tried it. I tried it and didn't care for it.Alaskan King Crab legs were nice and warm, very tasty. Another great dinner at Gallagher's!
5	Simple.  Best ribeye I ever had.   Evvvverrrrrr.  great service.  only thing bad i had to say is...  i cant go back to cheap steak anymore.  its not the same.  and i think im addicted to their rib eyes.  been craving badly.  withdrawals must go back to vegas.
2	This place is at best average. We love steak and during our staycation at the New York New York the husband and I made reservations a few days in advance and headed over.  We didn't have to wait for our table but did have to ask the hostess to move us to a larger table (my husband is 6'7) obviously the average 2 top doesn't cut it!! The waitress was a very kind lady from Hawaii and the clam chowder was awesome but unfortunately that's where the pluses ended. Both steaks were dry and next to flavorless and the asparagus side dish was underwhelming. The decor was blah and I feel that we were over dressed :/ (I like to dress up for nice dinners).The drinks were strong, the calamari was decent but that was about it. As far as price is concerned I don't feel it was overly expensive. $43 is about average for a steak on the strip, I'm not sure what else would be expected. We are locals and won't be back and this place won't be recommended. We like the kind of steaks that don't need A1!! lol
5	Service was outstanding! Steaks were cooked perfect. We were looking for a nice steak house that would be ok for our 3 year old. So if you are looking for a great steak and have the kids with you it was fine. We did not feel like we were a bother because we had our son with us. The mashed potatoes were also a big hit!
4	I want to see you stand outside and take a look at all those delicious steaks dry aging in the window and tell me your stomach isnt dragging you inside.Interior decor and vibe reminds me of NY for sure.  Small, somewhat cramped seating.  Barely room to put all your food on the table.Let's get to the best part, I had the ribeye and it was absolutely delicious.  The glaze on that bad boy made it so delectable.  Size was big, cooked perfectly!!Apps were just ok, nothing that really stood out to me.  Had the clam chowder, bruschetta and caprese salad.Service was wonderful, every waiter we had was on top of what they were responsible for.We came for our anniversary and they certainly did their best to make us feel special :) Sad, we'd venture into fancier restaurants wouldnt get the same service, so it was definitely appreciated here!I'll definitely be back!!
4	The meal was fine and the server was very friendly. A bit touristy, but a great spot to eat if you are taking in a show afterwards. The steak was very tasty!
4	Had a really good time here. The staff were friendly and the steak was good. Only thing stopping this from being a 5 is the slight conveyor belt feel of the large Las Vegas restaurants.
4	A historic night - to celebrate closing on our new house in Las Vegas!  Yes, mi amigos, after nearly 12 years of sippin' on the purple drank in Houston, it is time for me & the H-town hubby to head west and live the quiet life in boring ol' Vegas.  Hmmm... whatever will a girl do for fun??Well, for one, it's time to get my Yelp back on, and start wining & dining out more often.  Our official landing date is November 19 - Vegas, you have been warned!Anyway, where was I?  Oh yeah, Gallagher's.  Well, we were staying at New Yawk New Yawk while finalizing the close on our new casa (maybe you've heard of it - some might call it The Bellagio - word!), so the natural spot for a feast fit for a king & queen was their high end steakhouse.  Yes, you drop some significant coin here, but it is totally worth it.  Hubby's filet was top 10 all-time, my food (whatever the heck I ordered) was really good, and both the beer & wine selection met our approval.  Plus, the bartender was super nice to us when we finished up our post-dinner cocktails at their bar.So, there you have it - hopefully the first of many, many Las Vegas eatery & drinkery reviews on Yelp from moi.  And remember - I don't want the five dollars in your pocket, I want your soul...
2	Husband and I went their on a recommendation from a friend because we wanted to have a good steak during our first trip to LAS. We were completely infatuated with the porterhouse at Ruth's Chris and have decided to try other steakhouses to see if they offer a fabulously prepared porterhouse as well. Gallagher's was ok... it was dry. I guess I'm just not into dry aged because it does just that, leave it dry. My husband wasn't too impressed with the prime rib either. Don't think we'll be going there again.
5	We love this place too!!! This is where I first had aged-steak. And i loved it!!! Great food. Great Service!
4	My boyfriend and I went here to treat ourselves to a steak dinner before seeing KA! We made a reservation the day of, probably around 6 or 7pm. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, but filled in while we were there. The waiter was very friendly and it wasn't too loud in the restaurant. Unfortunately, I can't remember everything we ate since this was back in May, however, I do know I got the Filet Mignon and green beans, both were delicious! My boyfriend and I would certainly go back when we're in Vegas.
4	Everything about our dinner here was Great!! - the Prime rib and their signature dry aged New York Sirloin cooked to perfection. We also had sides whiched included, sauteed mushrooms and asparagus that complimented the meal perfectly. Our waiter was very attentive to our needs throughout the meal but did not rush us. Why not 5 stars you ask?? The rude hostesses... But I would definitely eat here again.
2	We dined here for dinner on Thanksgiving Day with our good friends that were visiting from Hawaii. I don't know where to begin, but this place was such a disaster.Service was horrible and slow. Extremely slow. So it was Thanksgiving night and they were busy, but it wasn't a full house in the restaurant. Our server (I guess I'll be nice and not mention his name) was never around. I think we only saw him 3 times. The first time was when he took our orders. Then he disappeared for an hour. We also waited over an hour for our food. He finally zoomed passed us right before we got our food, and then WE had to flag him down to get some drinks. The third time, he brought us the bill. Horrible. The guy who refilled our waters provided better service! The food wasn't too great in my opinion. The bread that they served us in the beginning was too hard and the butter was pretty frozen. I ordered the center cut Filet Mignon. The glaze on top of it was tasty, but the rest of the steak lacked flavor. It was also kind of dry. The bottom line: it needed salt. I also ordered the seasoned jumbo steak fries as my side. The seasoning made them taste weird. I couldn't really figure out was it was but it did leave a spicy after taste. The steak knives that they gave us were very dull as well. My husband and one of our friends ordered the dry-aged New York Sirloin. They both said it needed salt. Our other friend ordered the queen cut prime rib and enjoyed it. So at least one of us liked our food. FYI - the bathroom is a hoax! You open the first door with a sign that says "restrooms." Then it leads you to a second door with a sign that says "restrooms." When you open that door, it leads you to the nearby restrooms in the casino. LOL.The bottom line: Not recommended and the steaks need salt. You know its bad when you have to have salt, A1, ketchup, and whatever else to make your steak edible!
5	Love this place. Come here every Vegas trip. The cowboy ribeye is my favorite. Service is great. Everything you expect from a steakhouse.
3	The food was suitable for a "premium steakhouse" but the service was lack luster with an apathetic vibe.  I got the feeling they didn't really care about me as a customer since they had a line of people waiting to get in.  I would stick with Morton's or Ruth's Chris.
5	The food was really good... And the staff was very friendly and helpful.
1	Service was terrible. We were seated, then waited for service. A guy came and poured us water but didn't ask if we wanted drinks. Someone else came and dropped off bread. We waited and waited and finally left. We ended up going to the Italian restaurant next door. service was impeccable there.
4	Came here for my sister's 21st birhday. Service was good and the steaks were delish. I can't remember our servers name, but he was very polite. We got a complimentary dessert to help celebrate my sis' bday. I always appreciate when restaurants do that.I've been to Morton's, DK Steakhouse, and Ruth's Chris in Hawaii and I thought the quality of the meat was good. I'll go back if I'm in town again.
5	Rather than repeat what everyone else said, the steak and service were great! While I wasn't a huge fan of the sides, the steak made up for it. Our wait staff was really attentive without hovering too close or interrupting our conversations.
4	Excellent service always and steak cooked to perfection.
2	the ambience is alright but that's really about it.the meal started off with bread. nothing special about it. decent bread + butter. next.the steak..... the steak was underwhelming to say the least. the price really sets you up for disappointment. for a steak worth 50+ dollars, you end up expecting nothing but excellence. what you actually get is a decent cut of meat with a slightly bland flavor. i am no expert but i am sure that steak can taste better than this.there are no sides included to the steak so we ended up ordering a side of mac and cheese. again, pretty bland. we also had another side that i have a difficult time remembering - which indicates that it's not worth the mention anyway.overall, the food wasn't exactly terrible. but if you're going to spend over 50 dollars for a meal, i'd recommend that you spend it somewhere else.two stars for edible food, ordinary service, with an ok ambience.
1	My husband, my friend and I  wanted to enjoy our  New Year's Eve dinner at this restaurant since we've heard great things.  Unfortunately, it was all but great.  None of the personnel, with exception of the water waiter, was carrying a smile on their faces. We placed our orders and realized that our waiter named Aris never asked my husband how he wanted his $63 file minion done, not to mention that it arrived in a very pathetic looking form... it was dry and tasteless and we almost thought we are the wrong place.  He also very arrogantly replied to our question when we asked to share an entry - saying that it is the busiest night of the year and guests must order full entries.  When he brought our wine and mineral water for spritzers, he literally said: "here you go, please mix it yourself, because I don't know how you want it".  Not to mention that we felt very rushed as they were taking our plates away.  And then, we did something we have never done before:  we tipped the water waiter and told him that he was the only nice person in the restaurant and we left zero tip on a $207 bill for Aris.  I hope the Gallagher's management reads this review and does something to improve...in the meantime, we will continue going back to the CircusCircus Steakhouse that never failed us.
4	I usually order a rib eye steak as it is my favorite cut. The rib eye is just so wonderful to savor. My most recent visit I decided to try their house signature steak, the dry-aged New York strip. It was good but too dry. That is why I always go for rib eye cut as it is flavorful and even when it is over-cooked, it does not dry out.
5	Fantastic food - very friendly and helpful staff. After  an accident (by us) that resulted in the table to jolt forward and drench everything in wine and water - including me! - the waitstaff jumped into action and had everything cleaned up in no time. The manager saw my wife was very upset and ensured we received new meals and took care of our check because it was a special night (New Year's Eve) and he wanted it to be nice for us - not a disaster! Their steaks are great - the time before we had the surf and turf and that was also fantastic. Nice setting and a pleasant escape from the casino.
5	Great place.
2	Went in on Saturday, early evening. The hostess went to seat us in a small alcove next to kitchen when over half the restaurant was empty.  We asked to be seated else where, which she did after some mumbling.  We ordered  prime rib ($42) and sirloin ($43) along with two sides, mushrooms and green beans.  Food came out cold even the sides that are in a small cast iron pan.  There is no reason that food at a steakhouse should come out cold. I had to ask twice for horseradish sauce and my husband sent his steak back to be heated which of course leaves each person dinning alone and your steak not done as requested? This is not the experience one likes to have when going out for dinner TOGETHER especially in Vegas. So as you can see, what happened in Vegas is not going to stay in Vegas. Go elsewhere...this was unsatisfactory.
4	I was skeptical before visiting Gallagher's because of the drying technique they use but after I was delightfully surprised how good it was.  Again, I went with the rib eye.  It was very tender.  It's location is on the floor of the New York New York Casino.  Service was exceptional as it should be in Vegas and a higher end restaurant.
4	Best steak in Vegas!
3	Came here with a small group of coworkers during CES one evening.  I"m not a big fan of family style sides but that's what you get here.  You each order your own entree such as a steak which comes with nothing else so you all have to decide which sides you are going to share.  I had a NY Strip which was pretty good.....not worth what they charged for it.....for that much I'd expect the best damn steak I ever had......but nope, just pretty good.  It was tender but not very flavorful. Personally, I do a better steak on my grill at home.The various sides we shared we all very good but with 5 of us you didn't get much of each since everyone wanted to try each one.  I could have eaten the mashed potatoes all by myself but had to settle for a spoonful or two.The service was decent.  Not very personal but attentive enough even with a good size crowd in there. They have a decent selection of wine and absolutely loved the Moscato.  So overall impression, worth checking out if you can afford it or it's on someone else's dime, but so many other choices around where you can get a better meal for much less that I'm in no hurry to go back.
5	Probably the best Cowboy Ribeye I've ever had in Vegas!
3	It was "alright," very expensive for the quality of food.  The server was helpful and polite, the girls working the reservations, not so much, expecially one I believed her name was Myla, she called to confirm my reservations the day before and had an attitude, then the night of the reservations I called to advise we may be 5-10 min late and she HUNG UP ON ME.  If you want a GOOD STEAK, I still stand behind Ruth's Chris steakhouse !!!! 100%
3	The 3 stars above is really for the service; I would give the overall food a 4, although skip the bruchetta.  We unfortunately were seated in Jessica's section, HORRIBLE.  We very much enjoy wine and I wanted an opportunity to view the wine list and decide what might go best with our meal.  Well, Jessica didn't seem to like how long this was taking me, she actually flipped the pages for me to recommend a "blend" as I couldn't decide what type we wanted, ARE YOU kidding me, so rude.  She didn't offer any sauces, explain the specials and was just rushed and rude.  She clearly wanted to turn the table and had no care factor.  We would have had dessert and after dinner drinks but we wanted to get away from her, seriously it was horrible.  She was the same to all the tables around us, I heard many a negative comment.  The salads and steaks were delicious, we enjoyed the flavors.  However, for us, service makes a restaurant and we most likely will not be back unless we specifically ask for a different server.
1	No no no. Avoid this place it's just well located otherwise food sucks!
4	Good filet, delicious sides, a bit cramped, a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.
1	Being a statehouse specialist, not worth it. My ribeye was so chewy and I could not taste anything but black peppers. There are better and cheap steaks available around strip.
4	I celebrated my birthday dinner with my husband here.  I loved the photographer who came around to take photos.  Loved it!  I ordered the clam chowder and the rib eye steak with baked potato.  I didn't care for the loaded baked potato at all.  It was like they sliced it open first , then baked it.  It was pretty dried out.  My steak on the other hand was FABULOUS!  It was seasoned perfectly.  It had the right amount of sear on it (I usually have to send it back ).  It was a perfect, juicy , tasty steak.  Yes, I will come back for another steak!
2	Well... it is ok. I do not think that I would be going here again anytime soon. Don't get me wrong it was good food and good service. But OMG! SO expensive and that is just it is was good... not great. I am a huge fan of Ruth's Chris and Morton's Steakhouse.... both of them are WAY better then Gallagher's.
3	Rule #7,  When in doubt pony up to the barSo me and a couple of the boys were looking for a steak and were over at MGM, a guy at the sports book suggested we come here and sit at the bar. So we stumbled, and the one from the mid-west waddled, over to New York, New York. We found the spot after a laughing spell that lasted for 5 minutes when a guy that worked there said Gallagher's was near "Times Square"... A series of crappy neon lights of Cartoon Lady Liberty fake pouring beer does not a Times Square make. Anyway, we ponied up to the bar like good little soldiers and met Fernando! This guy was a AWESOME! Stories up the wahzoo, poured a stiff drink, and genuinely seemed liked he cared about our motley crew. Because people like lists:1) Brontosaurus sized steaks! Huge NY Strip that had me stuffed2) ... And I'm glad it was that big too, cause for the 40 some odd dollars that it cost I was thinking, "this steak better wax my car and give me tax advice for 40 some odd dollars!"3) Do the bar, didn't seem like the other people at the restaurant were having as good of a time as we were having.4) The Mac n' Cheese was awesome too.5) Calamari left much to be desired.6) F the bruschetta.7) Customer Service was excellent, so was the meat, drinks were stiff... that's all I remember8) Bring a gold brick to pay for everything9) Add your own crappy, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas reference. A decade later we have realized what a bad idea that ad campaign was to start with.
2	For a NY Steak that cost $43 it had a surprising amount of gristle and fat on it, far too much for a steak of that price.   In fact I had to cut away half of what I was served just to get to the actual meat.   I was really unimpressed, a good cut of steak at an expensive restaurant should not be mostly gristle and fat!   Additionally I was less than impressed that the steaks did not include any sort of side whatsoever, and you have to pay extra for a side of potatoes.  The service was pretty good however, which is what is keeping me from giving this a rating of one.
1	Medium rare ordered....well done received. Disappointing for a $50 plus steak.  I don't send food back to the kitchen, it frightens me. Slice of pizza will be ordered in a bit.
2	Not what I expected for the price we paid. We've grilled better ribeyes from Costco. My husband and I each had a cowboy ribeye along with mac and cheese, green beans, and a baked potato.  Best part of the meal was the green beans.  The steaks weren't that tender and the mac and cheese was bland and soupy.  This was our fist time eating at a nice steakhouse.  So I'm wondering if steakhouses are overrated, or if it's just this place.  Either way we will probably stick to having steaks at home.  Oh and if you are planning to see Zumanity afterwards, they don't allow food in the theatre so think about that if you are planning to take home any leftovers.  The atmosphere, service and drinks were good.  The food was average.
5	This is our go to steak house in LV, superb food and excellent service. This last visit we had a blip in the system, my husbands NY was over cooked.  Our server didn't even hesitate she took his plate and had a new one made in less than 10 minutes.  As always the shrimp cocktail was on point as well as the prime rib.  The creamy horseradish is awesome too.  Save room for the sticky toffee pudding, best dessert in the world!Great music too old school Italian classics... Good ol Blue Eyes!
4	We had a fabulous time and great service!Five of us shared two entrees and two sides. There were no leftovers but we were all satisfied! The lobster was amazing, we also order the porterhouse.Everything was delicious!We will go again
5	The best steak ever!!! dry aged and ribeye with onions were cooked perfectly. No complaints. We had a side order of creamed spinach and broccoli au gratin.
5	My husband and I eat at Gallagher`s in March and it was one of the Best steaks we have ever had!! The service was excellent and the food so yummy. Can`t wait for your next trip to Vegas we will be back :)
4	There are more than enough steakhouses to chose from when visiting Las Vegas strip, but I have never had the need to try the others since Gallagher delivers every time we visit this restaurant. The service is impeccable, and the meat choices never fail.
4	If i were to be reviewing this solely on my experience, I would probably give Gallagher's 5 stars. Alas, not everyone at my table enjoyed their food, so I shall proceed with the 4 star rating.Steak was great and the restaurant was accommodating since we pushed back our reservation an hour. The rib eye was huge, (18 oz.) and I was glad with my decision to share it. I always order my steaks medium- rare and more often then not they come out on the medium side instead of the rare side. Gallagher's however, did a great job at nailing the perfect medium-rare. For sides we ordered creamed spinach, broccoli au gratin and mac n cheese. All were fantastic but if you have an aversion to bacon for whatever reason, they put it in their mac. I however, love bacon and thoroughly enjoyed it.My friend ordered the sea bass, which was their special and it came out quite overdone. We informed the waiter and he took it back immediately, but then shortly after proceeded to tell us thats how ALL the sea bass were coming out. We found this a bit odd but she settled on some salmon and he brought her an extra side of mac to make up for it.In conclusion, Gallagher's is a very good steakhouse. Is it the best? Likely not, but I'll have to investigate a bit further to find out...
5	Stopped by here for a drink before heading to see Zumanity.  Our bartender Fernando delivered the best service ever.  We then ordered dinner which we did not intend to do.  But the drinks were so good and the service matched up, we just couldn't resist.  Cant wait to visit this place again.
3	Gallagher's definitely wasn't a fine dining steakhouse but we had a pretty enjoyable dinner last minute while my son napped in his stroller.  Service was good and the food was quality for the most part.  We had a delicious roasted beet salad, filet, NY strip, garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus for roughly $120.  Side dish portions are fairly small but the preparation of the steaks were A plus.
5	Fantastic steaks, appetizers, and service. Will return.
4	I ate at Gallagher's years ago, well before I started yelping.  So, I hadn't been able to write a decent review since it had been so long.  We had some friends in town over the Memorial Day weekend, and hit up Gallagher's Thursday night.  Very, very glad we did.  The table shared many appetizers, and in my estimation, the Maryland crab cakes, blackened shrimp and blackened scallops were the winners.  And, for $18 you got a very good size portion, 4 of each.  I would say the amount of food in the appetizers was atypical for a steakhouse.  The sear on the cakes was textbook, and the sauce was excellent.  Same with the scallops.  The shrimp were very large, perfectly cooked.  They are served over cheesy grits, but not too much.  Just enough that you can get bites of shrimp and grits together.  The blackening is fantastic, I think they should expand this and make it a full entree.  Very good shrimp.To eat, I had the bone in ribeye, which comes with a load of fried onions.  This was a fantastic steak, the dry aging is really noticeable.  The depth of flavor is much greater than in other steaks.  A member of our party had the pork chop, which I thought was solid but dry.The 4 cheese macaroni was a big hit.  The sauce is not too thick, but had excellent cheesy flavor.  The onion rings were very crunchy, but a serving only has 4 large ones as I recall.  Difficult to share, we had to cut a couple in half.  This would have been nice to know when ordering, we probably would have ordered a second helping to make sure everyone got a full ring.The wine list was good, I would say average for a strip steakhouse.  Service was fantastic.  Very friendly and not overbearing. Will definitely return.
5	Great service - really good steak - and all the sides were good too, no disappointments. would definitely return!
5	This was the best meal, as well as best steak I've ever had. Get the dry aged steak and get it rare. Exquisite.The seasoned fries, which I assumed would be tasty, blew my freaking mind, and everyone elses as well after I made them try them. We had a bunch of appetizers as well, and all were delicious. The cocktails were delightful, and the wine that our server (Bryan) paired with my steak complemented it wonderfully. I really have never felt this compelled to write such a glowing review but this meal was as close to a religious experience as I've ever had. Seriously, mind blowing.
5	Best steak inside NYNY Hotel hands down.  We had a filet on two different nights, both times cooked to absolute perfection.  We never sat inside the restaurant because the bartenders, Fernando and Joe, were so amazing.  Attentive, friendly, talkative, and you'll never find your water glass less then half empty.  Drinks were excellent as well! We will definitely be going back to see them soon!
5	We have some really great steakhouses in Seattle, and I've sampled almost every one.  Being a fan of steak we had to see what Gallagher's had to offer.  After a quick look at the menu it was clear they were traditional steakhouse and I went for some green beans, baked potatoes, and a filet.  The steak was amazing.  Literally THE BEST I have ever had.  No knife needed, I cut it with the side of my fork.  The green beans and potato were also delicious but there was no question that the steak was rightfully the star of this meal.  This dinner didn't come cheap, but in Vegas nothing really does.  I wasn't put off by this though as I had dropped more on a meal in Seattle for a lesser quality steak.  When and if I return to Vegas this will be a place I visit again.
5	We back at it! First night in Vegas we had to continue our tradition of Gallagher's. I had the prime rib, of course! Hubby had their cowboy steak and we shared a side of bacon Mac n cheese. If you like foofoo drinks try their house special raspberry lemon drop. It's sticky but oh so good!!
2	I always wanted to try this place but was very dissapointed with the food. It was outrageously expensive because probably of its location but the thing I didnt like most is the the house special steak tasted like your average steak at a random bbq party. There is absolutely nothing special about this steak house I personally prefer fresh meat over aged meat and a place that knows how to marinate their steaks to make the mouth water and not just throw a piece of meat on a grill and serve it plain.. We paid $150 for 2 and drank sparkling water with our meals. The portions were large and we did take leftovers home.
5	Last meal on earth...Gallagher's Dry Aged NY steak. Every time we go to Vegas this is our "special meal" and it is always amazing. I typically get the aged NY steak, this time I went with the surf and turf. I wasn't disappointed. My steaks are always cooked to perfection and the flavors are ones I'm constantly comparing other steak houses to. It is very expensive but for special occasions it's well worth it. The service has always been top notch, there isn't anything I'd change about Gallagher's.
4	My husband and I went here the other night for a nice romantic dinner. Our server was great. We talked hockey, which is always great! We had the shrimp appetizer, you only get 3 pieces and it was like $12. I got the filet minon and it was good, but not great.  It was $44 just for the steak. My husband got the surf and turf and it said market value on the price...we were floored when we got the bill and it was $125 for his filet and lobster. The lobster was huge, but holy crap!  All in all the food was good, but I wouldn't go back since it was a little spendy.
2	Not as good as the one in NY. The Steaks were good, but the service was rough. I would imagine that since this location deals with a lot of Tourists they don't tip very well, and that makes the staff disgruntled, so I can't blame the restaurant completely. Skip this location for the one in NY and go to N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms instead, a MUCH better steak.
4	I don't eat meat, so steakhouses are usually impossible for me, but Gallaghers has an impressive variety of sides. You can easily cobble a veggie plate together, and our server was super helpful guiding me through my options. I had steamed asparagus, onion rings, mashed potatoes (yukon gold puree), a caprese salad, and the mushroom medley. They are large sides -- I finished about half. The potatoes and onion rings are particularly good. Vegans would struggle here, but if you're a vegetarian, flexitarian, or pescatarian, you'll have plenty of choices.The drinks weren't all that impressive. They have a decent bar, but the night we were there (May 2013), their bartender had a heavy hand with mixers. The glasses are a little small and the glassware feels light. The wine we had with dinner was fine, but not all that remarkable. They clearly make their money from the steaks not the booze.I was *very* impressed by the service. They were attentive, but never pushy. We didn't feel rushed or pressured. One server here sees my dad every time he's in town -- and has met my mom, my sister, and me over the years. She remembers him and always makes a point to check in with him when he comes in to eat. It's the level of personal service you'd get in a small-town -- something pretty remarkable in Vegas.The decor is very masculine, with lots of dark wood, big booths, and dark green leather. Think British sporting club. It's nice, but not stuffy. It felt like a dressy steakhouse you'd find in Des Moines.Sure, the beef here is the steaks -- but they have more going for them than mere meat.
5	I like to enjoy a good steak and I have to say this is probably one of the best stakes I have ever had. The lobster was so sweet and tasty.
5	Best rib-eye I ever had.
4	My cousins and I wanted to originally go to Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse in Paris, but being that it was last minute and right before July 4th Holiday, we weren't able to squeeze in a reservation. While searching for other options, we also realized we didn't have the appropriate apparel packed for us to go to any other steakhouses... so we went on a hunt for a fairly casual place. My cousin found this place online and for whatever reason, we were convinced this place was a casual restaurant. I was thinking... outback-steakhouse casual. So without much thought or consideration we strolled in with shorts and my brother went in with a sleeveless shirt and felt so awkward being seated. This may not be your super upscale restaurant where they won't seat you unless in proper attire, but "casual" is not the average "casual" attire you would think. I guess I forgot, we were in vegas and the average person is dolled up regardless of occasion! Regardless, we were seated and service was amazing. The waiters knew the menu inside and out and without hesitance knew what to recommend for those who were first timers.The food itself was amazing as well. I'm not a professional when it comes to steakhouses by all means but from what I have tried, the dry aged steak was pretty amazing. I also had the spinach salad as well as the sauteed french green beans and both were impressive. Portions were HUGE and all of us were SO FULL trying to each finish the dry aged steak. I would say men would be able to finish the steak but women should think to share no matter how hungry they may be--and most especially if you are thinking to order sides.All in all, I would give the steakhouse a 4 because I can't necessarily say that this was the BEST steak I have ever had and the BEST restaurant experience. The ambiance, the food, the service were all great... but nothing exceptional out of all the places I've been to in Las Vegas. I would however think to come back and also recommend to friends!
5	There's not much to say...came here for a steak...ordered the porterhouse steak...and enjoyed the best steak of my life...I like my meat done medium-ish...not bleeding but still tender enough to where I can savor all of the juices...this is what I told them and this is what I got...I was in Heaven...got mashed potatoes too but I didn't want to waste any space on that crap with a beautifully cooked piece if meat sitting in front of me....the person I was with ordered oysters (which sadly I don't eat, yet) so I cannot give my own personal opinion however they said they were excellent!
5	I had the spinach salad and filet. My husband had the tomato mozzarella salad, aged sirloin, and we shared the Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious. For dessert we shared the ice wine and toffee pudding. Both were amazing!! Our server Linda was one of the best I've ever had. My only complaint is that we were in and out in an hour. I would have liked some time in between each course.
5	The food was amazing and the atmosphere was nice. I had the Filet Mignon. I will definitely go back. The Special Spuds are a must try!
5	We wanted to try a new steak house this time in Vegas, without just paying for a view. Read great reviews, so we stopped in last night. We didnt have reservations, was about 8 pm, it looked busy, but we got a seat asap! The server was with us right away. The entire visit was very quick, but we never felt rushed, everything was right on time! The waiter recommended a wonderful cabernet for me, which was in my budget, and was very courteous about it. I was felt like I was staring at everyone's meat on their tables! All looked perfect!Started off with a wedge salad. Very classic, best blue cheese, and great fresh tomatoes. My husband ordered the filet, and I ordered the lamb chops (both medium rare). I've never had lamb, so was nervous ordering away form the norm. But both were cooked perfect and seasoned perfect! Nice char on the outside, pink and warm in the middle! Would recommend if looking for a perfect steak of any kind!For sides, we shared some mushrooms, very fresh and seasoned well. The brocolli au gratin was delicious as well. Sauce was fulll of flavor, but not too heavy! I have to try to make this one at home!Dessert..... no room left, I didn't even look at the menu unfortunatly. The prices were fair as well. I mean, you'll pay for a good steak, but  nothing outrageous. Total bill with tip was still under $200, 2 people and drinks.
4	This steak was delicious! I ordered the fillet mignon with mushrooms and completely demolished the entire meal. We had booked the restaurant for four people earlier in the day via Open Table and I noted that it was also to celebrate a birthday. The service was fast and friendly - and we had a surprise little cake at the the end of the dinner.I'm always a bit wary of eating around the Strip as it sometimes seems like you have to pay astronomical prices for a decent dinner. But this was a great meal, with well cooked steaks,  yummy sides and a good wine list. Would definitely recommend.
5	I go here every time I go to Vegas.  Had the best steak, I have ever had here.  Definitely recommend Gallagher's for any steak lovers.   mmmmmmmm
4	Went last night, the aging steak display was killing my boyfriend! We started off with the tuna tartare which was melt-in-your mouth delish. He got their signature sirloin dry and wet aged steak and I had the filet. We both cleaned our plates and walked out ridiculously stuffed.  Our waiter was great too.
5	Food great.  Drinks great.  Service great.  Get the Porter house steak cooked medium rare.
4	the steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection! as for the sides...mac & cheese,, not so much. The cheese wasn't smooth almost grainy. That aside I would definitely go back, the staff was very accommodating to our large group of ten. We had an amazing dinner.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! It's always a dinner plan anytime we are in vegas.  Amazing steaks and great wine selection.  Everything is always cooked perefectly and we have great service every time we go.  Make your reservations early because they do book quickly.
4	Will be tough to find another steak on the Strip .... That isn't a better value than their...  Uh... Strip.
3	Walked by this place when we were watching Zumanity.  Loved the display case of Dry-Aged Steaks and decided to give it a try the following evening.First I must say is that the service here was Better than Excellent.  Probably one of the best service I've ever had in Vegas.  But here's the disappointing part... they serve USDA Choice Meat.  I didn't realize that until I asked the server.  Although it's probably the best USDA Choice Meat I've ever had in my life due to the dry age NY Steak, it's a far cry from USDA Prime Meat found in steakhouses all over the place.  And that's the reason why it drops 2 stars as the expectation level of quality meat wasn't there.  I guess you get what you pay for and for $42 for a USDA Choice NY Steak Dry Aged Piece.
2	The steak was good, but definitely not worth $100/plate.  This place is not as good as STK or other truly premium steakhouses in Vegas, though the prices are just as high.Service was lackluster, too - our waitress disappeared for long stretches of time, and when we finally got the bill we found that we had been forced to pay her an $80 tip that she clearly did not deserve!
4	Amazing prime rib was so tender. The green beans are a must. The only downside was the price. $125 for the surf n turf!
4	Hey, I am a huge fan of Steak Houses in Vegas since I live here now. That being said some are better than others.  First off the service here is wonderful and very attentive. Immediately I am offered beverages and ice water to start, followed quickly with a nice assortment of breads and whipped butter, very tasty. The steak selection is great, the menu and the prices are better than a lot of places here. When my date and I both ordered our steaks they came out exactly the way we ordered them! However the steaks needed some seasoning, more garlic, sea salt, cracked pepper or spices of some kind, it was kind of bland but tender. Even a bit of garlic butter or sauce maybe would have rescued an otherwise perfect steak. I give this place 4 stars for everything total.-Steve Hunt
4	The food was excellent, staff was efficient however somewhat impersonal. The environment was nice however it seemed somewhat crowded and noisy, losing some of that romantic feeling I was hoping for. My wife and both had the strip, they were cooked perfectly. When making reservations they asked if we were celebrating anything special, I informed them it was our anniversary, we were pleasantly surprised after dinner with a pair of chocolate truffles.
3	I feel like an idiot for ordering only seafood at a place that specializes in steaks.  Oops. At least the bread was good...
5	Excellent service, excellent food = one sad Yelper because it's so far away from home!!Mr. J and I were just in town for a chill and relaxed weekend away in Las Vegas. We had heard from our foodie friends Cynthia A. and Jo C. about Gallagher's and opted to look into their suggestion. Now, Cynthia A. knows her foodie chops and I trust her implicitly so when she told me to go there, I WENT THERE.Definitely not disappointing! Mr. J and I (of course) ordered the rib eye for our main dishes with sides of the truffle mashed potatoes and a cup of the famous clam chowder for an appetizer. All were incredibly delicious and we gobbled them all up. I was so sad that I had no room for the highly-recommended bread pudding. No, literally, I had NO room left in my constricting dress so we had to go back and I had to change clothes to accommodate my now expanded girth. So far, my favorite steakhouse anywhere. Extremely great value for the quality. Worth the experience and will come back for sure.
5	I thought it was great food I ordered the signature steak (of course you dont go to steak house and order chicken). Cooked just the way I asked medium rare, just enough blood on the plate:) had the mac and cheese that wasn't the best I ever had but I had the mushrooms to it and saved the day so I'm not complaining. Service was good drinks stayed full food came on time and hot. The place is a little loud but I like loud, especially in VEGAS!!!!!!!
5	If you find yourself in Las Vegas, make sure that you save room for dinner and get to Gallagher's. This location is as close to a replica of the original as you can get. From the moment we walked in, the staff was professional but friendly and were seated right away. As you look around, there are pictures of iconic figures all around. We were seated in a back room, walking through a half full main area near the bar, then past an empty area to a back room. I jokingly said to the hostess "Did you hear about us? Is that why we are going to the back all alone?" She told me that they just opened this area. I countered with "If no one else is seated in this area in 10 minutes, we are moving to the main area." Would you want to sit in a giant room all alone? Sure enough another couple was seated near us and the hostess just smiled and winked at me. Dinner was a Rib-eye for me with crispy onion strings and the house specialty, the Sirloin.  We also ordered green beans and steak fries. If there was a word that completely describes the deliciousness of this steak, I haven't found it yet. Our waiter Aris suggested a dessert that we could share of Toffee pudding. It was fantastic. Overall this is one of the best places to eat in NY NY. You would be doing yourself a disservice if you do not experience Gallagher's.
4	Cowboy RibEye last night.  Excellent.  In the best steaks I've ever had top ten.  Superb.
4	When I'm at the New York, New York Hotel & Casino, I use to always walk by Gallagher's Steakhouse and marvel at the row of rib eyes that dropped along the top of their dry-age coolers. I promised myself that the next time I return, I'll throw a ridiculous bet on the hardway's with a couple of black chips in hopes the dice will hit the 10-1.  Haha, well don't get too excited cause it didn't happen, yet, that is...BUT instead I scored something just as good as I was kidnapped to celebrate a quick birthday overnighter in Sin City and to finally try one of Gallagher's steaks. So why this place...?Dry-Aged beef is what we're talkin' bout peeps...that's right, not sticking a piece of meat in a vacuum-sealed bag that apparently also "ages" faster and in hopes to trim and reduce its water weight, hence the controversy of why very many steakhouses don't use the classical dry-aged process. As we all know time is money. Catch my drift...? At Gallagher's, its old school "aging'...We're talking countless hours and days of beef being stored in a special dry-aging cooler where a complex chemical reaction process that involves an intricate equilibrium of time, temperature, and the right humidity so that the beef's enzymes begins to break down and tenderize the meat. In return, Gallagher's delivers to you one of the utmost tender and most flavorful steak you'll ever eat. BOOM! The Eats:Main Course:Dry-Aged New York Sirloin $43 Cowboy Rib-Eye Steak $45     slightly burnt edges (-.5)Sauteed Wild Mushrooms and Carmelized Onions $2 eachYukon Gold Potato Puree $8  meh. (-.5)Ambiance:Dim lighting, tranquil noise level, semi-formal attire (Sported a Hawaiian shirt =P)Customer Service:Product Knowledgeable, Friendly and Professional.Tip: Make reservations. Its packed!Peace!
4	Great atmosphere, great service, great food. Overall, a good value compared to Jean George which was ridiculously expensive and barely average in every other regard.
5	Service Excellent! Food Excellent! What more could you ask for?We wanted to have a nice dinner before our Cirque Zumanity show.  With aged steaks displayed in the front, it was hook, line and sinker for my husband!  We had arrived a few minutes early for our reservation but they seated us right away.  One of the gentlemen assisting the waitstaff immediately filled our water glasses as we glanced at our menu choices.   John was our waiter for the evening.  He was spot on for our special night!  They kept our drinks filled and they all were so polite and friendly.  We started with the clam chowder soup.  This was so creamy and delightful! And the serving was more than enough to satisfy my taste buds.   It was almost enough soup to fill my stomach before our entrees were delivered.  I would get this again for sure!  Our entrees were brought out shortly thereafter.  I went with the shrimp and grits.  LOVE IT!  The shrimp was grilled perfect with a light seasoning.  The grits were so creamy with a delicious cheese blend. This entree didn't stand a chance against me!  I finished it like a champ! My husband, of course, went with the dry aged sirloin he saw in the display. Yes. Yes. and Yes again!  Medium rare is the way we love our steaks.  The chef prepared this perfectly!  Plus this steak was absolutely huge!  We agreed to split the steak next time we dined here.  I know you pay a little more than usual for their steaks here but I feel like you get what you pay for.  This was a perfect meal at an exquisite restaurant.  I would recommend this to anyone! AND WE WILL BE BACK!
4	Went to Gallagher's for a Birthday Dinner. Atmosphere is lively and service is absolutely amazing. For appetizers we had the Clams Casino and the Tomatoes and Mozzarella, which were great choices. I had the Dry Aged NY Sirloin which was cooked to perfection, I ordered it medium rare. Lots of good sides to choose from. There are a lot more expensive steak houses in town but I honestly don't think they are any better than the food that we had. The meal was delicious!For great service, quality of food, and price- you can't go wrong with Gallagher's!
4	Dinner was great!! Baby spinach salad with warm bacon salad was probably my favorite. I got the filet and my husband got the ribeye. Both were delicious...however, I hate to say it but my favorite steakhouse is still Ruth's Chris. Don't get me wrong though, this place is worth going to!
4	I don't want to say our server wasn't excellent, but he was more involved with a party he knew and kind of left us to fend for ourselves.  My wine wasn't served until I was half done with my entre, but he was very apologetic and did not charge for the sauce for the steak.  Our meals were all delicious and the recommendations for sides by our server were more than enough and all very good.  Our steaks were cooked slightly more done than requested, but still delicious.  With a bit more effort, the ratings could have been excellent.  Restaurants in this category and price range should be nothing less than excellent!
5	A very nice place. Seats were too close to the next table but was cozy. Prime rib was a huge slice of yummy! A la cart is new to me but worth the price! Staff very friendly. Clam chowder was the best! A must do in Vegas!
5	Great food, wonderful service !
2	Steak snob alert!When you approach the restaurant you will see a sizable glass display showing off several large cuts of steak being dry aged.   There is a sign next to it that explains all of the steaks served at Gallagher's is first wet aged for x amount of time and then dry aged for x amount of time.I assume most passersby are doubly impressed by this.   My reaction however, was that - 1. The marbling on these steaks are not impressive   2.  They wet age first then dry age?  Why not just do dry aging for the entire process? Why even advertise this when it actually shows that you've gone the "cheap" route?So, I order the Dry aged New York which came out overcooked.  I ordered medium rare and it came out medium.  Not only was the steak overcooked but it was DRY.  It was actually unbelievable as even when I half-heartedly cook sub-prime steak it doesn't come out dry   My friend's steak also came out overcooked.I sent the steak back and got a new one....it was cooked correctly this time.   The actual flavor of the steak was not that great which i guess is ultimately the REAL problem.  It had an odd gamey flavor to it that is sometimes apparently in dry aged steak but never really in this unappetizing way.The sides and appetizers were all unexciting and the service was sub par.  Our actual waitress was decent but the bus boys were pushy and seemed like they were in a hurry the whole time.    They just dropped the plates in front of us and constantly tried to take our plates away even though we weren't finished yet.   It's like they were in a hurry to get us the hell out of there.Overall, I would say this place is below average in the world of "Fine Steakhouses"I would recommend Mastro's Ocean Club if you wanted steak in Las Vegas
3	one thing this place was loud sound echos all over we had a real loud table by us they were drunk and loud.but as I could see spending a lot of money so nothing was done. My food was good had the shrimp and grits to start things it was really good.The calamari was just ok kind of weird texture.Everyone enjoyed their steaks the service was good.the problem was the loud drunks next to us.Places like Anthony s at the golden nugget and Binions would not have allowed that.
5	I asked my friend who visits Vegas a lot for a place where I could get a great steak dinner at a reasonable price.  He recommended Gallagher's, and I was happy that he did!The service here was outstanding.  From the moment I sat down I felt like I had everything I wanted exactly when I needed it.  I sat at the bar, since I was eating alone, and the bartenders and servers were easily accessible.  I could not rave more about the service because it was as good as it gets.The food was outstanding as well.  I started my meal off with a bowl of their very tasty New England Clam Chowder. I then ordered the New York Steak and the cheddar and chive mash potatoes (which was the "special spud" of the day).  The steak had great flavor.  My only complaint was that it was a little tough.  The mash potatoes were amazing!  I'm salivating thinking about them right now.  The meal was a great combination of food, and I was ready for a long nap after I was done.  I could not finish everything, but I was happy that I got to try it all.I am really glad that Gallagher's was recommended to me.  It was an excellent experience and I will be sure to come back again the next time I want a great steak meal in Las Vegas.
1	Went to this restaurant a few years back and loved it! After going to STK and a few other places over the past years instead while in town, we thought we would give Gallagher's another try. What a disappointment. Tough steak....crap...Sam, the waiter was awesome, though and that was the best part of the visit. Shrimps were very good, but the star of the meal, our steaks...very sad, indeed. Won't return. Now, STK, that blew our heads off...should have went there again.
1	Started off with the worst old fashioned ever. Likely made with fanta and at the very least had a "splash" of soda. Guess what guys, no soda in a properly made old fashion.  Once we choked down the old fashions we decided beer was a safer option, hard to screw that up.  Waiter disappeared for 15 minutes, so we waived someone down and said we wanted to order some beers. He said he'd send our waiter. Instead two more old fashions showed up. Sent those back and ordered beers from the waiter.Food finally shows up, steak was ok, cooked properly, right on the inside, but seemed pretty charred on the outside and overall was cold, like it had been sitting around a while. With the creamed spinach, the spinach was hardly done and overall was not very creamy. The mushrooms were a great mix of mushrooms with a nice smokey flavor, but also cold like they'd been sitting around even longer than the steak. No idea where the other reviewers have been eating but if you've had a good steak in Seattle, San Francisco or Chicago, stay clear of Gallaghers.
4	We visited last night, November 25th.The good- The decor is really nice, festive but not over-the-top, it wasn't distracting. I can't say that it's much like modern NYC, but it is very similar to many older and lovely San Francisco establishments. The aged steak was very good and worth the money. However, it does come on the bone and has fatty portions, so if that bothers you, please just order the filet. They are very similar in price and I find that there is no making up for those preferences. You will enjoy an un-aged filet much more than an aged new york strip.The asparagus was excellent, it is so often overcooked.The roasted garlic with the steak was a nice touch.The medium- The salads were a good size but in faux fine dining tradition, it is up to the diner to wrestle with enormous leaves and hunks of lettuce. Perhaps this is to your taste, but as I actually wanted to finish the salad, being served whole leaves in copious dressing was unfortunate. I ordered a Caesar, the dressing was nice but for $9 I expected something a little more robust. No anchovies were harmed in the making of my salad. My partner ordered the wedge and gave up after a third, although he liked it.I was not impressed by the hollandaise. For the price ($2 additional) and quantity it was acceptable, but the white vinegar was very pronounced and the sauce was thin. They attempted to correct the acidity with shallots, it didn't really help. The consistency was fine otherwise.The wine list was decent but a little spare on by-the-glass. Bottle prices are average but by-the-glass was a bit more expensive than similarly priced restaurants. The pour size is standard, about 5 ounces. For a party of 3 or more, I'd just order a bottle.The bad-Very misleading reservations. The restaurant was in no way full at the time requested but they forced us to reserve at an earlier time. Guidance about ordering is lacking and the staff and kitchen may be at war. Although still lovely and tender, it was the single most done medium-rare I've ever had in my life, including my own occasional barbecue-related sins.Did not try-The beer or cocktails. I didn't even see a drinks menu other than the wine list.Overall-Good food, a touch pricy, and I'm not sure how much I believe their schtick about aging. The location is not thrilling, it's in a particularly irritating part of New York New York. Wait-staff was very nice, hostesses less so. Worth a trip, but skip the soup/salad.
5	In true Vegas fashion, I was with a group of guy friends and we were deciding were to eat for dinner. We said either a) we're eating at McDonald's or b) we're going to keep gambling until we're each up at least $50 and go eat a nice steak dinner. The latter happened, and we ended up dining like kings at Gallagher's. To be honest, I really enjoyed our meal here. We started off with the clams, which were AMAZING to the point that I wanted to drink the broth. I even requested the server to leave the broth after all the clams were eaten so I could soak it up with bread. Too much? Maybe. In terms of main courses, the steak portions are huge. I shared a NY Strip Steak (which was phenomenal) with a side of mashed potatoes, and left full and happy. If you're picky about how your steak is cooked, I would suggest going a step up from what you usually order. i.e. I like my steak on the rare side, so we ordered a medium, which was really a medium rare. Another trick to note: my friend wanted bacon and cheese for his baked potato, and our server ended up bringin out two large bowls of bacon and cheese for the table to share. Such an added, delightful bonus to the meal. Because in my humble opinion, bacon makes the world go round. In terms of ambience (New York/Hollywood legends), the price (moderate), the service (great), and quality of food (outstanding), you can't go wrong with Gallagher's for your Las Vegas dining experience.
4	Gallagher's is my all time favorite restaurant to go to and it never disappoints. Their steaks are always executed with great care and served perfect. The cowboy prime rib was ordered medium rear and it was perfectly cooked on the outside and pink all the way through with an all around great rub. The peppercorn sauce was a good compliment to go with it but you really don't need it. The fresh catch of the day was the barramundi fish (sea bass) and it was perfectly seared on the outside with a good crust and tender white meat in the inside. It was flavorful and fulfilling.This is a must go to.....at least once because once you try it, you will make it your staple whenever you come to Vegas.
4	It's 11pm, my friend and I have been shooting craps for about 3 hours, and we're both up a sizeable amount of money. We cash out, I Yelp to find steakhouses, and I find Gallagher's at NYNY is still open. I'm sold. I want to dine like a winner.The calamari, filets, and glasses upon glasses of champagne were nothing short of heaven. I have no complaints about Gallagher's. It's really hard for me to complain as my friend and I were indulging ourselves courtesy of casino winnings, but that's not to discredit the food or service here, which were both excellent. I HIGHLY recommend the filet. It's aged and seasoned perfectly.Gallagher's. Where the winners eat.
1	My ny strip was very tough! Thought my knife was dull, but it was not. Would not come back!
5	Dry-aged is king, and Gallagher's does it best.I am in Las Vegas about 8 times a year for work, and I eat at Gallagher's every time I'm in Las Vegas. It's my favorite restaurant in town. When I get in steak debates with people, I insist that they come here with me. I'm more than happy to buy them a meal (avg. plate about $45 pp)  to show them what dry aged meat can be. Gallagher's nails it with perfect broiling. I usually get the cowboy ribeye. Despite being almost the size of a dinner plate, it's always impeccably cooked.The texture of the steak is what will win you over. Tender, soft-cutting, and sooooo easy to eat. A medium cooked ribeye from Gallagher's is something I daydream about. You'll see. All of the sides are incredible. And huge. My favorite are the steak fries. Forget what you're picturing in your head: this is a HUGE baked potato, quartered lengthwise, coated with spices and served with a killer spiced ketchup sauce. Also try the pork chops (huge) and just about any of the desserts. Creamed spinach is also very, very good.Again, this is my favorite place to eat in a city full of great eateries. Don't miss it.
4	Cool place on a strip of the New York New York hotel that feels just like being in Manhattan. For years I've been stopping by this hotel (and I even stayed here once in college), but always completely missed this Manhattan-like strip.There were several restaurants, bars and delis that had that New York feel (sort of like you get in the Paris hotel for Paris). We got to hang around and grab a beer here, but we had already eaten dinner. The staff was friendly (and funny) and they had an epic all glass meat refrigerator out front that made me wish I could have grabbed a steak here.We got to sit "outside" in the "street" and people watch. Fun times.
5	Order the cowboy ribeye; your life will be complete. Went here with a group of 8 after seeing reviews on yelp for a reasonably priced steakhouse in Vegas. $45 a steak isn't bad at all for these parts. Sat by the kitchen which means we saw the meat go into the broiler, coming out perfectly charred - got us excited! Our waiter was great, managing to find humour in our indecisiveness. He recommended a great cab sav at only $55 a bottle (I say only because the lowest price starts at about $45 and goes up to.... well... you don't want to know). We decided to order appy's for the table and paired off to split some prime ribs, NY strip steaks - my BF and I decided to split the Cowboy ribeye (our waiter's recommendation and favorite steak). The crab cakes were awesome; the scallops were gigantic and cooked perfectly. The clam chowder was a bit too salty for our taste  - everyone at the table had a bowl.  Then the highlight, the steaks. We were given an additional complimentary prime rib, courtesy of the chef! Each one was perfectly cooked except for one NY Steak was medium instead of medium rare - but no matter because we couldn't even finish every plate (we did wonder if the comped prime rib was because of the overcooked NYsteak...).  The crown jewel, our Cowboy ribeye. Oh my god, i was so happy we went with this. It has the tenderness and fattiness of the prime rib, but the charred and tastiness of the NY strip. I was so full but just couldn't let even one bit go to waste. One steak is definitely enough to share between two people if you're having appies and soups like us. We left with a full stomach and a smile fueled by gluttony on our faces. Definitely will be back next time we're in town.
5	Steaks were great
5	We have been coming back to the outdoor bar for 3 years now. Every trip to Vegas we make it a point to visit Fernando, the bartender, he makes some very delicious drinks. Strong enough to enjoy a few and jus the right amount of fruitiness without being overwhelming.  He's very attentive and service with a smile. Hard to find good service in a busy town such as Vegas.
2	Food is ok, very pricey and the hostess was snobby.
4	Can't really go wrong with high-end steak houses.  Nice touch with the dry-aged steaks hanging in the window, but a bit misleading since there was only one dry-aged option on the menu.  Coincidentally, it happened to be the featured item on the menu.  All other options were wet-aged, which I'm not a huge fan of.  Wine selection is somewhat limited.  Sides were what you can expect from a joint like this.  The four stars is mainly for the quality of beef and perfectly grilled to order.  This is a convenient spot for a nice dinner if you're staying in the hotel.  Availability shouldn't be a problem since it's nearly always empty.  But, if you're looking to go big and willing to travel. . . there are much better steak joints on the strip at the same price point.
5	What a wonderful experience I had at Gallaghers Steakhouse. First of all, you have to make a reservation. This is one of those places that gets booked fast. I don't think you have to necessarily book months in advance but definitely call ahead if you're planning to eat that day. Came here for New Years and while the prices were generally $20+ more than usual, everything was simply delicious. We ordered the rib eye, prime rib, lamb chops, signature aged steak, Alaskan halibut, the seafood celebration and a salad. ($650+)Every dish was super tasty, but I personally preferred the rib eye. it was literally melt in your mouth delicious I went to heaven status. The rub on that meat was amazing and it was just done very well. Then I would rank the rest in this order: chops, aged signature and the prime rib. The prime rib is a huge chunk of meat, and I ranked it last (although it's pretty neck in neck) because it didn't taste anything too remarkable, not to say that it wasn't tasty. It's also probably the cheapest because they cook a huge chunk of meat and then slice into portions as opposed to say the rib eye, where they have to cook each cut individually. The rib eye was just spectacular and memorable. Take my advice and order this if you're stuck wanting to order everything, you'll thank me later. Another note, don't order the signature aged steak in medium, we made the mistake of doing so and it turned out just a bit toooo dry for our liking. Our waiter was also superb, putting up with my family's desire to take a hundred family photos before we can even begin eating. What a great restaurant, every pennies worth.
5	What can I say great service, great food!I had a special with two fillet medallions and crab claws. The crab was sweet and fresh as expected and the hollandaise sauce was a great match.  My wife had the prime rib.  The cut was large and perfectly cut.  Definitely head back here again.
1	This is really about a New Years Eve experience, and lack of organization. There are dozens of high end Steakhouses to choose from in Las Vegas, but most serve a set menu on NYE. I had called ahead to see if the entire menu was available at Gallagers I was assured it was, so that's were I chose to eat. have often eaten at the one in NYC on NYE and it was great.  I made a reservation for 7:15. We weren't seated until 7:45. Then were told we had to choose from a limited menu- and no substitutions on sides. And each steak came with something different. I was told by the manager that we had been given wrong information. We should have left then, but it was getting late and we had tickets to a show.. Then the food took 50 minutes to arrive!! We had to rush through a very expensive meal, and asked for the check before we were even done. Everyone in the restaurant was very upset as they were dealing with the same issues. The food finally arrived, and it was very good, but overall such a bad experience I don't think I will come back. We have often eaten at the restaurant in NYC on NYE, and it was very organized and delicious. This place was chaos. It's probably fine on regular evenings, but this was a very disappointing dining experience.
2	We had reservations for New Years Eve and , having dined there several times in the past , we had never had a bad meal.  So we were really disappointed when our dinner was not real good and took nearly 3 hours. We had wine and appetizers to start, a "seafood celebration" that everyone loved ( $38.00 per person but worth it) and then we ordered our main courses. We all had steaks and it took nearly 45 minutes from when we ordered them to when they showed up.. The restaurant had cleared out so it wasn't an issue of being overly busy, when the steaks arrived they were all barely lukewarm and the sides were basically cold. It was pretty obvious that they had somehow sat for a period of time before being brought to our table. I mentioned to the manager on duty and his solution after having to "think it over " was to first offer us new meals ( it was past midnight by then so no one was much interested in waiting around for another round) and then offered to bring us some desserts and after dinner drinks ( more food and drink but not offering to do anything about getting a lousy meal) .. Our bill for 4 people was $620.00 and , although we are completely ok paying that for a special night, what we got was such a downer it would be hard to not remember this the next time we visit Las Vegas ..
4	My 5th visit to this place, and I still love it and with all the restaurant options in Vegas, it is still one of the top on my list.  I had lunch on this visit, which is a first for me.The lunch menu is limited to 6-7 items.  Its great for me when menus are small and I don't have to really think.  I opted for the prime rib hoagie, which I believe is around $15.00.  It comes with chips and Au Ju sauce.The sandwich is good, not great, but good enough for me to devour it quickly.  Considering this is a higher end place, the price was a pretty good deal and the portion was pretty large.I also opted for a bloody mary.  The bartender handed me a menu and asked what I'd like in it.  Items range from bacon, slim jims, stuffed olives, and the rest of the standards.  Really good drink.  I believe the price is $8.00 for this meal in itself drink.Next visit, I'm going back to my missed steak dinner.
4	We had the signature aged steak medium rare and it was perfectly cooked.  The steak was about 12oz so my husband and I shared it. With the delicious sides, we had more than enough food to eat.
4	Service is great.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Our party of 10 came in on a Thursday night and were seated right away.  Brother and Husband had the chicken and loved it.  Said it was so tender, it was falling off the bone...great portion size too.  Pastor and friend had a giant steak, very good cuts and worth the money. Most of us had the clam chowder and it was pretty good, I added some salt into my bowl.
4	Service was amazing. Food was great.  We started with some oyster rockefellers. Nice and cheesy, everything you'd expect.  The onion rings were gigantic,  tasty breading,  but maybe fell apart a little too easily. Then I got the surf and turf with the new york and lobster tail.  I love my steak rare but the waiter let me know it'd be cold in the middle so i went medium rare.  The portions were huge and it was all perfectly cooked.  Definitely a must try.
3	How do I say this? A good dinner but it was not one of those off the chart places. Nothing wrong, just a good steak and good service. I'm still looking for that epic steakhouse in Las Vegas.
5	It is the best place I have ever been to eat in Las Vegas. I also have never had food cooked to perfection before going here. They had salt and pepper shakers but they maybe for decoration because I didn't even think to use them. The service was what service should be. The look makes me feel like I'm in NewYork minces the cold and bad attitude. I would recommend Gallagher's to everybody. And for a steak house the price is fair and well worth it. So if you go think "Treat Yourself" because that is exactly what you will be doing.
3	Was there on 2/6 for dinner. Service was very good. Very loud inside. Food was very good although the steak - New York Strip -didn't really wow me and was kinda tough. I was hoping to be more impressed after all the good reviews
4	Gallagher's Steakhouse was the only restaurant open after we missed out Craftsteak reservation due to the Fox rent-a-car debacle (see review below). My buddies and I decided that the night is too young to hit the casino floor and we were somewhat hungry so off we went to New York New York to try Gallagher's infamous dry aged steak. All of us were alluded to the 21-day, dry aged New York cut, that raw steak dry aging outside of the restaurant was just speaking to us. We had mashers and Steamed Asparagus w/ Hollandaise for sides. When the steak was revealed, I was surprised how big a New York cut can be, it was almost like a Porterhouse cut from some steakhouses! My steak was perfectly made (medium), and upon first bite the flavor form being dry-aged 21 days is absolutely present. And the presence of that flavor is still apparent up to the middle of the meat, unheard off especially on less fatty cuts of steak. I guess one trade off with have a wonderfully flavored steak is toughness. Yes, this New York cut is tougher than the usual New York cuts I have had from other restaurants. That's some tradeoff because for me, texture is equally important as flavor in steaks. Also their steamed asparagus were overcooked, less apparent (but still overcooked) when our server exchanged it for a new one. The machers were simply delicious.Combined with my buddy's uber expensive Caymus prime red wine, our dining experience at Gallagher's was awesome. Yes, I would probably come back to check out the rest of their cuts, all of their cuts are aged (well, the rest are wet-aged) anyhow.
2	Every casino has a fancy steakhouse.  My bucket list is to try them all.  My favorite cut is the Ribeye due to it's correct fat to meat ratio making it tasty and tender.  I couldn't wait to try this place.  Nice and fancy.  They display their cuts and specializes in aged beef.  Unfortunately, the service was horrible. Not only it was slow, they got our orders wrong twice in one night.  On top of that, my cut was overcooked, which is just wrong.  Sending it back corrected it, but it wasn't tender.  I don't mind paying a high price for steak, but it must be great, and mine wasn't.  The whole table agreed that they wouldn't come back.  The sides were small yet good and the staff was friendly.  Unfortunately that won't get me back to this place.
5	My mom told me about this place & I HAVE to eat here everytime I'm in town for now on.. the dispay of aged meat when you walk in. The vintage photos on the walls. The service is greaattt. I order the queen cut prime rib. Its enough to share and they don't mind that you do!! Can't wait to go back
5	We had dinner there last Tuesday with some friends and family. We were offered the kitchen side table which we didn't know anything about. Well it was amazing to say the least!  This booth is totally secluded from the rest of the restaurant and we got to watch the chefs prep the meals. Pretty amazing if you're a foodie.  The waiter was nothing but excellent and everyone was very helpful. The staff is knowledgeable about what they serve and where it is from. The chef even visited our table on multiple occasion to offer free food to taste. I assumed it would be either added to our tab (no big deal) or the portions would be taster size. But no, the portions were regular size and should I say delicious. I rarely feel like the service is outstanding, but this was epic. That's what I want when I go into a restaurant, the feeling that you are just as important as the millionaire or the rich asshole at the next table. If I could give this place a 10 I would. Thank you for the amazingly delicious food and drinks and for the experience of a life time!
5	We've enjoyed several great meals at Gallagher's Steakhouse. This weekend we were in town with our kids and decided to meet for dinner. I went on line and made reservations and requested a table for six near the kitchen so we could see the grill. Much to our surprise we were set up at the Chef's table. The Chef visited our table and provide great suggestions which turned out to be fantastic. The steaks are by far the best we have enjoyed anywhere in Las Vegas. This may not be for everyone but we love the action and the experience of a working kitchen. The food being prepared and the aromas are so great. I highly recommend a night out and great food and service at Gallagher's.
3	Came here for Valentine's day dinner and it was somewhat disappointing. Although we had made reservations for 4, the table we received was ridiculously cramped for a party of 4 and the worst part was there were plenty of tables in their other "rooms" and we were crammed into one that was already packed. Hm.. okay, not exactly the best start to a Valentine's day / Anniversary dinner but I didn't want to spoil the mood so I didn't say anything. Two glasses of Educated Guess later, the seating didn't seem so bad. The service was friendly and somewhat attentive for a busy night. As for the food:Hot seafood platter - comes with calamari, crab cakes, jumbo shrimp (all fried btw) - 3 stars. The crab cakes were good, everything else meh.Dry aged new york strip steak - cooked medium, was okay nothing too memorable, slightly tough so maybe medium rare is a better choice but I don't like seeing too much red in my meats Porterhouse steak - good, much better than the dry aged ny strip in my opinion, cooked medium as well but was much more tender Overall, yes it's a little pricier but what in Vegas isn't, the quality didn't wow me but it wasn't bad either just A-OK. Would I be back in the future? Probably not unless I'm watching Zumanity again.
5	Best steak I EVER HAD and i've reviewed a few steak places in the past! I little pricey but what do you expect being on the strip in Vegas! The service was good up until I wanted to pay the bill... I felt as if thwy wanted us to stay to buy more... Dont get me wrong, normally that's great but we ha to catch a show so were on a time limit! I loved it though!
5	Great Dry Aged NY Strip was as tender as my wife's Fillet... Both were wonderful along with the sides.  Both steaks cook to our perfect temperature (mine a Black and Blue Pittsburgh which is something I've found most steak places don't seem to do correctly).A bit loud, but not louder than other steak houses we've been.  Prices were in line with other well know steak house and quality as good if not better.  Great waiters and staff.  Would highly recommend the mushroom salad along with the NY Strip steak (I'm normally a Fillet guy, but had to try the dry aged strip).  Overall I would say this is a wonderful place go get a great steak.  A bit noisy and a bit cramped if it's crowded, but well worth it.One suggestion if getting the Dry Aged Steak... don't go past Medium Rare as it's been drying for a month and doesn't have much "juice" to surrender if you go to Medium and beyond and can easily become dry/tough...
5	Very good restaurant in food quality and service.  Definitely will come back.
3	I have to say I was disappointed.  This was our "splurge" dinner, and I would choose another place to go next time. Our server Bobby and busser Juan were excellent as were the oysters Rockefeller, tomato soup and baby beet salad we began with. The house chardonnay was wonderful.  Then the meal went downhill. The broccoli side was ok, the four cheese macaroni was not awful, but not worth more than two bites.  My husband's age-dried steak had one tough string (sorry I don't know the name of the wide white ribbon of fiber) but mine had two. The steak knifes looked wonderful but both mine and my husband's were very dull, making it difficult to cut through the fiber.  The six or seven bites of meat I had without the fiber were very tender and well seasoned.  We shared an excellent key lime pie for dessert, but the coffee my husband ordered was really weak-he ordered an espresso and poured it into his coffee to make it drinkable.  To top it all off, the place was very noisy.  We both began to loose our voices by the end of the meal from having to almost yell and repeat things. A few highs points balanced out by low..
4	I'd actually give them 3.5 stars. We showed up right on time for our reservation but still had to wait 10 minutes for our table. There was no room at the bar so we just had to wait around. The place was packed on a Friday night so I'm sure a reservation is necessary. My wife's heirloom tomato salad really wasn't as the menu described it. My caesar was good.Both of our entrees were wonderful. My prime rib was bigger than advertised and full of flavor. Her filet and lobster were both to her liking. The lobster was especially good. The reason for taking a star away was the overall service. My wife's water glass was frequently empty and we rarely saw our server. Our bread basket was empty and just left on the small 2 top table after the salads were delivered and then taken away.  Either take it away or ask us if we want more. I was never asked if I wanted another drink either, and by the end we figured we'd just head out to the casino to get another one. The food was great but even on a busy night neither of us felt like we had a great overall experience, and when we're paying these prices, we simply expect better service, and they fell short.
5	Aged New York strip was the best!  Calamari was awesome too... We went and celebrated a few birthdays and they treated us to a dessert .. The Carmel cake with vanilla ice cream and chocolate cake dessert!  Lemon raspberry martini rocked!  Great atmosphere .. great food!!  Highly recommend!
2	This restaurant has really changed since eating there last. First thing was added additional tables so way over crowded and very loud where you couldn't even hear people at your own table. Then to food, it was just ok..... Service and waiter did a great job!
2	While the service was above average the food was so-so. I ordered the New York Strip and it was grisly with little flavor.
5	Awesome food and the portions are big.very good service go see SAM the waiter... And the steak just melts in your mouth.. And you gotta try there crab cakes its a must  definitely will be back..
5	If you any doubt of where to eat in Las Vegas, chooce Gallagher's and you will have at least one perfect dining experience.  The food is as good as it gets and the service is better! We try to have at least one dinner here during the two weeks we are here annually.  And having had some disappointing meals in the days prior, it just made us that much more relieved to be at Gallagher's.  Our server, Preston, is a stand out.  Sincerely solicitious with just the right amount of attention.  The rest of the staff is so obviously well trained and all seem to be happy to be there -- we all know it's a job but the vibe that they give off is that they really do care if you are happy.  In short, at the end of the day, you really can't pick a better place to have a stellar dining experience.
4	Had the cowboy ribeye.  Really good, nicely seasoned with a nice char. The oyster rockefeller was okay, so were the sides...nothing special.  Would come back for the cowboy ribeye.
5	Here again and had a great steak &lobster dinner. The sides are fresh and full of flavors. Had pea soup and Yukon mashed taters. Plenty of wait staff with fast and friendly service.
3	it's kind of over rating. The food is good but not  4-star food
4	We seem to always eat here when in Vegas.  It didn't disappoint this time either.  Probably the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the waiter didn't tell us the size of steak we were to share only provided 4-5 bites per person.  I feel like he should have let us know we may prefer to order 2 since the last time we were there we ordered our own and left 1/2 on the table.  Other than that, everyone was happy with their food, we ordered quite a few things and all was cooked to order.  The salads were great, potatoes were great as well.  The service is always good as well as the cocktails.  I'm sure the next time we're in Vegas we'll eat there again.
4	We have two favorite steakhouses we visit wen going to vegas SW Steakhouse at the Wynn and this place.  Depends on how dresssed up we want to get is where we go.THey ahve some awesome steaks here i usually get the ny strip or the cowboy ribeye which are both filling and juicy and plenty of flavor.  Their sides are big portioned so i would just get one and share it unless you cant agree then get two and share both of them.  My boyfriend always gets the ny strip and fries and it feels him up pretty good.  Great meal to have before drinking the booxe for the rest of the night.Haven't tried any of the dessert items yet but one day  i'm sure i will cause i have heard good things about them as well.This is a must place to go if you dont want to get to dressed up for a great steak.  The atmoshphere is also very inviting and warming and it doesnt get loud unless you sit at the bar .
5	Omg! Amazing ribeye. Great value and service. The pomegranate martini is perfect. The clam chowder was delicious. Great place for a casual date or family dinner.  I got the cowboy ribeye, hubby got the New York strip both were delicious but the family favorite was the ribeye as it was juicer and moist. The bread basket with 3 different breads was nice too.  The size of the steaks were probably not as big as other places but in Vegas who has time for left overs or doggie bags anyway!  The  steak was just enough for me to share with my son and not feel like a huge piece was going to go in the trash.
5	Recommended by a friend!This is the best steakhouse I've been at in a long time, if not ever.The staff is very good, friendly.The wine list is extensive and they have great "house" wines as well.  The bar does good drinks, and even when there is a mix-up (bad pun not intended), it was fixed rapidly!The ribeye was fork tender and cooked perfectly.  The sides were excellent as well.Atmosphere was very intimate and there are separate rooms for larger parties that can be closed off and prevents the noise from being all over.  It is a nice quiet place.Definately recommend and will be back next time in Vegas
4	Great fillet steak, good fries. Didn't like the Mac n cheese. Chicken dish was very tasty. Service was excellent. Very professional. Average without booze is about $60 a head. Atmosphere not as elegant or interesting as other places in Vegas. Overall a very nice restaurant.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for our 1st Anniversary. We had reservations at Prime Steakhouse in Bellagio but at the last minute we figured we could just eat in the hotel we were staying in. I don't know how good Prime steakhouse is, but we feel like we made the right decision.Everything was delicious. Even the ketchup for the giant steak fries was good. I had the porterhouse and the wife had the filet with lobster tail. We shared the fries and green beans, I can tell you that I've never had green beans in a restaurant that I would brag about but these were so good. The steaks were the best I have had. I will definitely be back
1	Easily the worst steak house I've been too.   Sad part is the salad was the best part of the meal.   My dry aged strip was so chewy and cold I was only able to eat a couple bites.  Never again
5	Best steakhouse I have ever been to.  I have been here multiple times and it never fails at being the best.  Great service and even better food.  Much better than Smith and Wollensky.  I would give them five more stars if possible.  Bone in New York all day!
5	I've been a fan of Gallagher's for a while. I must say though, I feel the Las Vegas location is better than the NYC one! The service, steaks, salads and sides are all outstanding. When in Las Vegas it's one of my "go to" places to eat!
5	I really enjoyed my dinner at Gallagher's! The filet mignonette practically melted in my mouth! Plus our waiter, Todd, was very friendly. The next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely go back!
4	There are A LOT of steakhouse's on the Vegas Strip and this one stands out! The prices are not as expensive as some of the others but you get the quality your looking for in a good aged steak! The service was great as well.
5	Chef Franco, was amazing with his service, preparation, and the elegant meal of fish and stake. He also made a wonderful banana dessert which was fenominal! I will tell my friends and family when visiting Vegas to see him specifically and to enjoy Gallagher's. Thank you Chef Franco for what you do and for your amazing talent.
5	A great steakhouse amongst the excess of options that Vegas provides. We arrived at 7 on a Thursday and had reservations, though the place was not busy enough to require them. I ordered the filet mignon, medium, and my wife ordered the prime rib, also medium. Both were cooked perfectly, and the quality of the meat was extremely high.For sides we had the yukon gold puree, very tasty, and green beans, also very tasty. They have a great drink selection, some nice house cocktails (I had the Fire and Ice I believe it was called, a fun mix of cucumber and jalapenos), and the service was great.The only downside was the location/atmosphere. The entrance is directly from the casino floor, which I tend to like the restaurants set back more from the crowds, but once we were in the restaurant our table was seated far back inside, and it was nice and quiet.Overall, a great place to eat for a nice meal with amazing steaks. Would definitely go back
2	While I love Las Vegas, I have been quite disappointed in the food. I was hoping that this place would be a different story, sadly it was not. The place was LOUD, my boyfriend and I basically had to shout to hear each other which is what I would expect from a bar, but not from a nice restaurant. Our server was nice...when she would actually take the time to come to our table. It seemed as if as soon as we came in she pegged us as a young couple that wouldn't be able to afford a large tab, and therefore she wouldn't give us any sort of priority the whole night when she had bigger fish to fry. Their cocktails were very good at least. My boyfriend got steak, and I ordered the roasted chicken and I also ordered a side of green beans (at steakhouses like this, it is common for your main dish to not come with any sides at all). When the food came, my plate had roasted chicken, rice, and green beans on it, and another large side of green beans was brought along with it. I was a bit peeved with this as the menu description of my entree had not indicated that it would come with rice or green beans...or with anything, really. I thought that it was wrong of our waitress to not let me know that my plate already came with green beans on it, and that she had let me order an expensive side of green beans anyways. When I confronted our waitress, she was kind and apologetic and said that she would remove the green beans from our ticket. She then picked up the side of green beans and before taking them away, she said that if she had known that my chicken was supposed to come with green beans that she would have let me know. I don't know how you can work in such a high-ticket restaurant and not know if your main dishes come with sides or not....if you work in such an expensive restaurant, you should really know the menu. At least the green beans were tasty, the chicken ended up being dry, the rice overcooked, and Paul's steak's marinade was overpowering and not very good. Overall I was disappointed in the food, the service, the ambiance, and the price.....oh well.
5	Prime rib was delicious.  Very tender and tasteful.  Huge portion.
1	I will make sure I tell everyone how terrible the meals at Gallagher's are and don't waste your money there. My wife had a filet mignon and king crab legs combo and I had a ribeye and lobster combo. To begin with, I ordered my ribeye medium rare and it was well done when it came. I cut it and showed the waiter and he took it back to get another one. The new one he brought was rare, but was so tough. I tried cutting pieces at different places but it was tough everywhere. My wife's filet was also tough. Both cuts of meat were so bad even Sizzler's has better stuff. My lobster was so rubbery I ate only half. The only good thing was her crab legs but anyone can cook crabs. When the waiter brought the bill, he saw how little we ate and how we both had cut our steak in different places to try and get a decent tender piece but didn't say a word. I think we was afraid to ask how our meals were and just lay the bill on the table. Our bill came out to $245 and that was with no alcohol. this was by far, the worst dinner I've had in Las Vegas and this has bothered me since I returned home (Hawaii) that I had to let everyone know so they don't get "ripped off" too,
2	Was looking forward to dry aged NY strip at Gallagher's in Las Vegas.  Our two friends ordered the filet and raved about them.  My wife and I did the strip and cowboy steak.  The cowboy was a 7 out of 10, but the strip (medium rare) was extremely tough, chewy and difficult to swallow.  The taste was fair to good.  We realize that from time to time one can get a bad strip of meat at a good restaurant.  I think this was that time.  KS
5	I woke up with the sunThought of all of the people, places and things I've lovedI woke up just to seeWith all of the faces, you were the one next to me at...GALLAGHER'S! - OneRepublic (if i lose myself)What a great steakhouse find! If you're coming here for the prime rib, which we were, there's no need to order anything else. I've had my fair share of prime rib in the city and this one was probably the biggest cut that we've seen. First off, service was super friendly and helpful. The amount of staff they had was impressive. Since they don't serve the king cut of prime rib to share anymore, we both ordered one separately (i was starving). I got mines medium since they said in general it was on the rarer side. Super pleased when it came out; nice presentation and juicy. DO NOT FORGET THE HORSE RADISH SAUCE! They give you a soft creamy version and a solid form and they were just out of this world. The solid form one was so kickin' and wonderful I won't forget about it for a while. We had a memorable experience thanks to Gallagher's!
4	We came here for our anniversary.  The steaks were amazing!  The portions are HUGE.  We ended up taking more than half home.  The service was wonderful.  My only complaint would be that the tables are bit close together.  We could hear every word the tables around us were saying.  Didn't make it very intimate or romantic for us.  The prices are good for what you get.  Would we go back, definitely.
3	Great group appetizer but steak was solid but not as flavorful as I hoped from an aged steak.  Overall good but not memorable...
5	I've raved before via Yelp about my birth right and taste buds from being raised as a Texan and what that means for all things beef, tex-mex and overall unhealthy. That being said, the Filet Mignon I experienced at this restaurant was in my top 3 steak experiences. Yum!!! Seriously, don't waste your time with Cut or the other over-hyped steakhouses in Vegas. True, old-world, New York City style dining in the glorious (and super sparkly) New York, New York Casino - this restaurant is a must. My steak was a perfectly cooked Medium accompanied by the macaroni & cheese (yes to the bacon flavor!) and mashed potatoes (low on over flavoring - which matches the steak perfectly). Pro-tip: don't get sauces for the steak. It's perfectly seasoned. We were obviously looking for a waist-line friendly meal. (Ha!) We also enjoyed the Pinot Noir from Santa Barbara wine country (started with a B but can't remember the name). The entire table split a bottle and everyone was pleased by the smooth taste (with a $48 price tag - not too shabby). Calamari for the appetizer (standard) and a Cesar Salad (it was ok but nothing special). The waiter was incredibly accommodating (my gf spilled her full glass of wine all over the table and my newly placed plate of above mentioned meal and they re-plated and replaced the sides immediately) and the overall ambiance was nice. Needless to say we walked into Zumanity in a food coma which was oh, so worth it!
5	Service was amazing! Environment was delightful and romantic! Food was spectacular. My boyfriend and I were on our Babymoon, and decided to give this Steakhouse a shot and we were delighted by not only the attentive service but quality of food. I had the chicken dish and he had cowboy rib eye, both plates were great but the rib eye was absolutely amazing, very tasty!!! Highly recommend it, its not easy to find a great steakhouse these days. We will be back, once the baby arrives that is. :)
4	DELICIOUS!!!The ONLY reason I'm not giving this place a full 5 stars is because our appetizer, the Sea Scallops, only came with 3 for $18- and they were not really "jumbo" sized, and the third was was actually pretty small. For the price I wish it was at least 4 scallops, but if you're gonna only give 3, then at least make them all big. However, despite that they were YUMMY. Pureed grits (relish) with bacon wrapped scallops and a red pepper sauce-- gooood. My husband and I split the cowboy ribeye, which was HUGE. We were both full off this easily. I cannot imagine how anyone could eat this by themselves without having a lot of leftovers. We didn't have a fridge in our motel room, so that wasn't an option-- but we cleaned our plates and left feeling full but not miserably so. The steak was so tender and flavorful- it did have some fatty pieces as ribeyes are known to do, but I gave those mainly to my husband to eat. I tried a piece and it melted in my mouth, but in general I usually don't like the fat. The crispy onions on top were fantastic as well as the small side of greens that came on the plate. We got our with horseradish and it really sent the meat over the edge. The creamed spinach side we got was definitely big enough for two people and was YUMMY!!Our server was extremely nice and explained everything we needed to know. The service was relatively fast and we were able to get in at 7pm on a saturday (memorial day weekend) without a reservation! But pretty sure we just got lucky because the place was definitely busy!Soo good! And our bill was about $70, pretty great for the amount and quality of the food for 2 people!
4	The Gallagher's Steakhouse was great and the food was great.  I had the Filet Mignon and the Lobster.
5	Come here if you're looking for a wonderful, quiet, classic sit-down dinner in the heart of Las Vegas. Not only did the restaurant escape the bright, flashing glamour of Las Vegas, but they served an absolutely delicious meal to match. The service was great, the food was perfect, and the atmosphere provided a much-needed break (and respite to the east coast).
4	The restaurant has excellent meats and large portions.The Filet was cooked to perfection and the meat melts in yourmouth, The rack of lamb 8 ribs was excellent also has some vegison the side.  Cream of spinach was excellent.  The Bread was NYtexture.  The restaurant had excellent service But we were seatedin a room full of large parties.  It was louder than a subway station,there was a large bachelor 's party,  which made it impossible to enjoy the meal.  We made a comment to the waiter and was resigned totough it out since it was a Sat night and packed.The manager come over after a few minutes and offered us a moveto a different section.  "WOW"  This is amazing and he also boughtour dessert Cheesecake .  The the Cheesecake is creamy and smoothso it left a sweet taste in our mouth for the restaurant.I feel bad that I gave the a 4 star, but the restaurant accoustics needsa little work.  Kudo's to management for going out of their way to make things right.
4	Although it is a bit loud and the patrons are more casual than a steakhouse normally calls for, the food and service is impressive. Lamb = 5 starsAged NY strip steak =5 starsPotatoes/asparagus/broccoli = 3 stars for lacking flavor
4	This place is not the fancy steakhouse of many famous chefs in Vegas. This is more about getting a large juicy piece of meat on your plate. Their NY strip is a nice 14oz. The entrees were delicious and a great meal to start off a manly bachelor party.We had a reservation for a group of 10 so they sat us in a back room which was very classy. They had a good selection of seafood to start which was very tasty. We had some raw oysters and mussels.The side dishes are a good portion so I would suggest sharing them with someone else.Their desserts were also very good.
5	What is it with Americans and their portions? Seriously big steaks! We were catching up with a friend from home and were looking for a place nearby that 'offered an awesome steak' (thanks again Yelp!) and you can't get much closer then the lobby of our hotel.  Unfortunately our friend was staying over the road in the MGM... which is like a 10 mile walk away! (ok, not really - but seriously how big is that place?) We turned up without a reservation at about 10pm and got straight in. We shared a starter of bruchetta and i'm glad we did because the mains were huge. The two boys had the recommended steak and I had a huge fillet of Salmon. Tasty and delish all round. Food comas followed... I wish we had room for desert because it all looked really good. Go for it!
4	Class with service! I ordered the prime rib medium rare and it was a huge cut of meat same for my husband who ordered a porterhouse he could not finish either. Our sides were the green beans which were very crispy and flavorful I would recommend and the lyonnaise potatoes which did not impress me much. We ordered the mussels for an appetizer oh my how awesome were those I'm still salivating with the creamy broth it had and dipping your bread in there was perfect !
5	After eating this steak, I was in a happy steak-coma of which ti was hard to 'rouse myself from. Good thing the elevator to my room was right next door. Best steak I've ever had in life. t's hard to type this because my mouth is watering and I am too far from that steak now. It ruined me for other steaks.
5	So I came to Las Vegas with my wife and we wanted a good steak for dinner. Of course I went on yelp to look for suggestions. It was real disappointing to see that this place wasn't first on the list. OH MY GOD!!!!! By far the best steak I have ever had. This place was exactly what I was looking for. Steak so tender and juicy that it just fell off the fork. Had the Porterhouse and my wife had a New York  strip. Simply amazing and magnificent. Had the special side for the night. Garlic jalapeno bacon mashed potatoes. They melt in your mouth. Overall.....  Definitely come here. Try it at least once. You will not be disappointed.
5	Yes, the steak was good but the service was AMAZING! I wanted to talk to the manager or something to thank them for the impeccable service they provided, but we just left a nice tip instead. Thank you so much for a great experience :D
2	Horrific.  Based on the waiter's recommendation was the NY strip aged steak medium rare.  So instead of going with the fish special I went with his recommendation.  I struggled so hard to cut the steak I even knocked off some of my sides.  I had a few bites which actually tasted ok but gave up eating because it was too much work.  He never came back to check on us and when he finally did show up I asked him about the steak and asked was it tough because it's aged?  He said no and if you had told me about it I would have changed it out for you but it's too late now.  Yet he never came back to check on our table so I did the best I could do with the steak I had.  I was so worried I was going to get ill after eating it. Let me backtrack a minute where when I ordered a drink it came in a glass with lipstick on it and now I couldn't even cut my food?  $200 wasted.  Trust me, there are way better steak places out there don't waste your money there!  The sides we shared.  We had mac and cheese it was good but not thick and creamy, green beans were very good and that's basically what I had for dinner, and bread.
5	Super delayed review but the hubby and I went to Gallagher's last summer during our annual trek to Vegas to celebrate the birthdays. It was during Las Vegas Restaurant week. Hubby tried the Filet Mignon which he really enjoyed, a tender piece and very tasty. I had the rib-eye which had perfect marbling and an out-of-this-world flavor! Both were good size cuts. We shared the Four Cheese Macaroni, Creamed Spinach and Yukon potatoes for sides, all were delish! As tasty as our meals were, the highlight was definitely the service. Our waiter was super attentive, friendly and offered spots to visit whilst in town (though we're not Vegas rookies). We're heading back this summer and will absolutely be returning to Gallaghers!
5	Whenever we are in Vegas this is one restaurant we also go to. It is in New York New York. You need reservations. The food is excellent. The sides are enough to share. I got the filet last night. Cooked to perfection. The service is right on. Great place.
5	Been here every Vegas trip for the last 5 years. Always wonderful food, nice quiet atmosphere. Service is very attentive but not too intrusive. All in all one of my husband and my favorite places to go!!
5	Fabulous dining experience! My husband and I stopped in for dinner one night during our honeymoon trip to Vegas. We stayed at New York New York and had walked by the dry aged meat windows during our stay and decided to give it a try. The service was outstanding! Our server was knowledgable about the menu (even with my gluten free requirements) and was extremely helpful and friendly. Everything from our cocktails to the Caesar salads to my husband's steak and my GIGANTIC pre-split king crab legs was absolutely fantastic. It was pricey for sure, but you absolutely get what you pay for. I've never seen my meat-loving husband clean a steak bone so thoroughly. A table nearby requested steak sauce for their meal and my husband was absolutely outraged that anyone would want to ruin such an incredible cut of meat that way. Our experience was capped off with a complimentary scoop of banana's foster as congratulations on our honeymoon. Could not have asked for a better dining experience!
2	My filet cooked med rare was very tough and not flavored. While it was not terrible the fact that I paid $46 for a filet cooked a lot  less than perfect is the reason for this rating.
5	So I've been here a number of times and it's the kind of place that sets the standard for a great steak house for me.  I've come with friends & family and everyone walks away happy.  The steak is phenomenal! I've had the lobster & crab, while I'm not normally a seafood lover, I have to say it was excellent. Always a Vegas most for me!
2	Gallager's has always been a regular haunt for my wife an I visiting Las Vegas.  This time we went late, arriving at about 10:00, an hour before closing.  We were seated in an empty part of the restaurant outside of the kitchen which usually wouldn't be an issue.  But the table they selected was minuscule and far away from any other patron.  We decided we were hungry and wouldn't complain.  We settled in with water and a glass of wine and were asked to move to the side of the restaurant.  We moved without getting overly irritated and steeled into a booth at the edge of the dining area.  A party was seated next to us that, through no part of the staff, was not dressed for an expensive steakhouse. They were in shorts, flip flops and white t-shirts.  Whereas it isn't the fault of the staff, it is the fault of the management.  If you expect me to pay $350-$450 for dinner for two, I expect an atmosphere that resembles a fine dining establishment.  The food was decent.  My steak was very rare when I ordered medium rare but I like it either way so I didn't complain.  My wife's lobster was overly spicy instead of relying on the sweetness of the lobster.  To their credit, their wedge salad is still one of the best I've had.  Great dressing, fantastic heart of palm, yellow tomatoes and crispy bacon.  I'd smack my momma for one.Now for the reason we won't go back.  We aren't picky people and we don't bitch about the details very often.  But the reason we were attracted to Gallager's ten years ago is their attention to excellence.  Crumbs were wiped from the table with their little silver scrapers; we didn't see how the busboy process worked because they took care of their business and kept it out of public eye.  The waiter did scrape the table, but it was a perfunctory swipe that was done as were were leaving.  The tables were bussed and the dirty dishes were stacked directly in our line of sight in the middle of the dining room.  I do believe this was one of the Las Vegas great steakhouses, but either management changed or entrenched management's apathy has turned it into an overpriced, forgettable experience.  We won't be returning and we've eaten there every Vegas trip for the last 10 years.
1	Terrible service and terrible drinks!! Will NEVER go back!! Total waste of $200!! Ugh!!
4	Great steak and good service.
1	I used to look forward to their great tasting steaks but from now on I will pass. It was a hundred and ten outside and I tried to get a table with a sleeveless shirt on. They refused my business and said If I bought a t-shirt with sleeves I could get in. So I go to the new hersheys store and grab a t-shirt and they let me in. While I am eating my meal they seat a sleeveless man right next to me! Wtf? Discrimination? Your call. We complained and they comped me ONE drink. Less than the cost of my t-shirt. Will never go again!
4	Hey, just stopped in for a bourbon. Met some friends here who were having a dinner here. The steak looked perfectly cooked and the sides smelt good.I enjoyed the interior walls all decorated with old pictures of sport figures and older Hollywood stars.This is a great place to grab a drink with some friends. Hopefully next time I'm In town I can sit down a have meal.
5	excellent steakhouse!
5	Awesome fillet mignon! Just right. Colossal potato was delicious. This place never disappoints.
4	The bone in NY steak was absolutely divine. Full lobster was so good too. We also had the bruschetta, calamari and ceasar salads all of which were equally as delicious. Recommend the sides of spinach and broccoli with cheese. Staff was very courteous but also fun!!
4	One of the better steakhouses in Vegas.I went during an off night with a small party, they had the prime rib and the bone in New York. Both were Excellent.I had a Porterhouse.. the price was a warning sign. If you are paying $45 for a New York and your porterhouse has a combined New York and Filet but yet it only costs an extra $5 chances are you are getting a little less than both.  I got a thin porterhouse that was shoe leather. Too thin to cook to rare/medium without burning it.The wait staff picked up something wasn't right, I just told them it wasn't acceptable,and that I wanted a bone in New York as a replacement. Instantly the steak was gone, and the manager came out and apologized, and I got my replacement steak rather quickly. The New York was very nice and one of the better ones I've had at a restaurant. Flavor was buttery with a nice taste due to the aging process. Very tender.. even the fat was good.The Caesar Salad was average, but the wedge salads were pretty good. Salads weren't huge for the price, but the presentation was nice.No comments on the seafood we never had any.Service was excellent, however it is Vegas, so don't be surprised you're sitting next to a couple in beach attire.The price is average  for USDA prime steakhouse.
5	This review is solely based on the awesome restaurant management at New York New York. After leaving my poor rating for gallaghers on yelp, I had a manager contact me asking about my experience. She was extremely kind and offered a second trip on them to gallaghers. I just received my gift certificate and am excited to go back and have a better experience. Thank you!!
1	This place was horrible! I paid 200 dollars for dinner for two, my steak was still mooing! If you are in Vegas and want a real steak, Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse does it right!
5	I was here in June.  Just awesome!!!  Excellent service.  Perfectly cooked steak and rack of lamb to die for.  Beautiful presentation.  Nice decor.  Loved it.
3	I only stopped here briefly for a drink while trying to find lost family members at New York New York.  Expensive but a cool place and a nice server.
3	For the hefty price you do get a big piece of meat. However, the New York Strip steak was not very tender, very chewy, and I only ate about 25% of it. My wife had the Fillet Minon and that was delicious. Don't listen to the experts and get your meat cooked at least medium as they are so thick the inside will be bloody medium rare.
5	I recently went to Vegas and it was highly recommended that I would try this steak house with my family from being from Texas I know a good rib-eye steak.When we first walked into the restaurant We were greeted by a nice hostess that took us to our table.There was a gentleman that took our drink order and told us our waiter would be with us soon, shortly after the waiter came by took my order I asked for my steak medium rare, a baked potato and asked the waiter what he would recommend as a side he told me green beans were his favorite I took the waiters advice.The food was amazing I have never had a steak as good as that anywhere, the green beans were seasoned with just the right seasoning and my boyfriend was very happy with his baked potato and meal as well.The service we received at the restaurant was outstanding the staff was clean professional and polite. I worked in food service when I was younger and was taught a customers glass was never supposed to be half full the staff was very observant  and they kept on top of our table to see if we needed anything I had such a wonderful experience at this restaurant if I could kiss the cook I would Outstanding all the way this restaurant is now one of my top favorites.
3	On average it will cost a person about $100 to eat here. The service was pretty good. The steak is huge. Two people can definitely share one steak. Nothing special about how they prepared the steak. The ambiance is so so. If you are looking for something like iron chef you will be disappointed.
2	The steaks once received were for the most part great if the waitress was listening on the order. In our group of seven she apparently checked out on three of the orders. Outside of that if you have either a flare gun or road side flares then use them as that apparently is the only way to get service from the wait staff. One of our group did snag an employee passing by and asked if we could have our sides served to stave of delirium from hunger due to the pro-longed delay. No dice... Instead we got a kid in a suit advising us to not to "fill up on bread..." As our waitress shouted problems at him that we had brought up earlier.Steaks = greatExperience = badWait staff = terribleManagement = Pretentious... & covering for deficiencies!
4	Dinner here before Zumanity left W lightly dozing through the show, despite the beautiful bodies prancing on stage. To be fair, his prime rib put the largest serving at House of Prime Rib in San Francisco to shame, dwarfing the plate it arrived on. Our server started us off with seriously delicious cranberry walnut bread and a fluffy standard house loaf. The butter came room-temperature and lightly whipped, perfect for spreading. My filet mignon was tender and flavorful. As our server warned, the middle was a bit more rare than I usually expect for med-rare. I finished it easily without an additional sauce, but enjoyed a few pieces with the horseradish offerings that W requested with his prime rib. Notably, there were a few cuts that were sinewy and difficult to hack through with my knife, which was a bit dull. For the price of our cuts, I was surprised at how sparse they arrived. Our server recommended selecting 2-3 sides to share between the four of us. Thank goodness we did, because the filet mignon only came with a fried cassava/taro/? chip and some peppery mach lettuce. French green beans were garlicky and crisp, and mushrooms were cheesy and rich. Seated across from the kitchen, we could see that the bruschetta was an understandably popular appetizer. The diced tomato glistened like small jewels from the baguette slices on the counter. S polished the cowboy ribeye neatly, but there were quite a few pieces of fat that he cut away and left behind. Plenty of fried onion strings to share!
4	Excellent cowboy ribeye .  Aged 5 weeks.Excellent service. Great wait staff. One exception was that my iced tea glass was broken. I didn't notice it until I drank ed some. I hope it doesn't present a hazard later.
4	We had the Ribeye tonight; very tasty - aged Angus, five weeks. Marinated asparagus, broccoli in a light cream sauce, started off with oysters on the half shell... wish I could hold desert. Sam was our server - what a nice guy, he enjoys a fine cigar too...  This restaurant is wonderful  :  )
5	My 5 star is based on the seafood, drinks and service only. I have not yet had the pleasure of eating the steaks yet which I'm truly looking forward to. The service at the bar is A+ and our bartender Fernado was extremely on point. I felt like family from his service and was completely informed of what I was ordering food and drink wise. We ordered the seafood platter both the cold and the hot. Both were amazing, I enjoined the hot a little better because the crab cakes and calamary were so delicious that I could have eaten that as a main course had there been enough. The shrimp scampi was also very good, huge shrimp with very good flavoring. You also get bread while ordering the smaller dishes which was good for us being that we wanted something more on the light side before a show but something to soak up the drinks so that we could enjoy the rest if the evening. I will for sure be back here and go all out with a full course dinner.
2	They accommodated our large bachelor party group - 21 people. The waitress did not accommodate requests, nor explained what was possible.   My friend orders a "rare +" steak - and was just told "that does not exist."   Great service for 100 dollars a head. Then he orders a basic 2012 wine, and was brought a 2009, which was $350 dollars, and upsold.  Classy guys.   Vegetarians beware - they could care less about you.   Mac and cheese as covered in bacon, and no mention of it in the menu.   Coffee post meal was asked for 5x, and finally brought.   I'd expect our table to receive a dedicated server, but not the case.
4	Very good steak house!  Great side choices as well.  Slim wine choices but the wine I had was good.  Service is perfect!  I do feel like you are scrunched in.  Steaks are aged and tender.  Salads fresh.  Side dishes are large and can be shared.  You don't feel like you are in a casino when you are here.
5	top notch
5	We visited this restaurant seeking a nice dinner out with the family. Granted the price is very expensive, but we were willing to pay a little more to experience it.The ambiance is very nice--even upscale. We felt a bit under dressed in jeans and nice shirt so I recommend a collared shirt or jacket for guys and blouse for gals. The food was amazing. We ordered the chicken ceasar salad along with some bread for appetizers. The bread was fresh and soft. For entrees we ordered the salmon and steak. It was so delicious. For dessert we got the vanilla ice cream with cookie.The food was so delicious and unless I am blown away by it, I would normally give this place 4 stars. I rarely give 5 stars to restaurants unless well deserved. Gallagher's deserved it. I gave them a full 5 stars because not only was the food amazing but the service was too. Our waiter was personable, memorable and friendly. Top notch.
5	Ate here approx 6:40 pm on Sat/23 Sep with 5 other friends:-  http://bit.ly/VNbQPN   $50.14 three-course lunch via Fall(?) Restaurant Week Fri/22 - Thu/28 Aug 2014. Gallagher's contributes $5 to a local charity.  - I had: 1) Heirloom Tomato & Hearts of Palm Salad - great and light. 2) Prime Rib - sizable and awesome, especially with the real-deal horseradish. 3) Limoncello - I'm not in to desert but this was delicious (warning: it's really tart, which I savor).- All of my friends also got the $50.14 dinner special (some got the filet medallions, some the prime rib) and everyone enjoyed their meals. - Will be back.
5	This place is a must when in Vegas ! I wanted a great steak and I found one ! You can't eat here if your on a budget . I had the cowboy ribeye steak ! Wait staff was awesome , very professional and friendly . Can't wait to come back and eat here again !
4	My new favourite steakhouse in Vegas. I used to be a Strip Steak (Mandalay Bay) boy, but here you can eat in a more relaxed environment with equally exceptional food at about half the price. The side dishes might not be quite as elaborate as Strip Steak, but when the steak's the star, how much does that really matter.Delicious
5	Holy yummy cow batman. This is my 2nd trip yo this establishment.  Was great both times. The eaitstaff is friendly and attentive and the dress code is casual wich is really nice for a vegss steakhouse.  Porterhouse cooked exactly right. Green beans are good as are the smashed taters. The folks next to me had the prime rib and it looked great too. I will be back.
5	Excellent for the money. Reasonable steakhouse prices with good food. Ordered a medium rare ribeye and received a perfectly cooked, well charred steak. I had the green beans on the side and they were good as well. Very good value for a Vegas steak.
5	The food here was amazing. The atmosphere was good but for the price it could've been a little better, the tables were a little too close and the restaurant was pretty loud, definitely hard to have a conversation with the person sitting right across from you at the same table. But the positive is the food was great, the steaks are huge and cooked perfectly how I ordered it. And it's also great that you can make reservations online and through Yelp! I highly recommend this restaurant to anybody who's gonna be passing or staying in Vegas. Next time and every time I go to Vegas this will be a restaurant I will be going to every time.
5	Definitely worth your money visiting here. The quality of the food is good for the price. They serve you bread and butter which is nice and have a wonderful photographer. Filet mignon - 46$ center cut filet?? That's a great price for a filet. It isn't as soft as other high end steakhouses but for 46$ it's definitely a great cut. Cowboy Rib eye - 48$ My boyfriend had this and it was very filling. Portion was big so he only finished half of it. Very fatty and flavorfulYukon gold potato puree' - 8$ Would definitely get this. Loved it! My favorite side here.Four cheese mac n cheese - $10 I wasn't impressed with their mac n cheese. It was a bit overwhelming and it wasn't really soft.
4	We sat in the bar area for a quick early lunch. Since the bar was the only area open at that time, it was a perfect solution. I had the steak salad which was soooooo good and really reasonably priced.
5	Excellent place. WIfe and I loved it and we'll definitely be back!
4	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I make it a point to have one meal here. I have never been disappointed with either the food or the service.
5	Went here for my boyfriends birthday and the food was fabulous. I had the salmon and my boyfriend had the steak. The only hiccup we had was that we were seated next to a couple with 2 loud kids. But we asked our server to be reseated and he kindly moved us to the more private room away from the screaming rugrats.Great service, great food. I would eat at this place again in a heartbeat.
3	We go out all the time there are little things we look for. First, I wish I could give this a 3.5 rating but that wasn't an option and it wasn't good enough to earn a four. The first thing you notice when you walk in the restaurant is the host. When we walked in she failed to smile or welcome us instead she just looked up and stared at us like she had no idea why we could possibly be there. Our waitress was friendly only at the end when she noticed we were local. She seemed like she was going through the motions at first. Very quick and not personable. I also wouldn't like being seated at some of the small table that were wedged between two larger tables.  It wasn't all negative. The prime rib was as good as I've had and the decor have it a true NY feel but I couldn't bring mysel to give it a four because the employees lacked personality which didn't give the restaurant an inviting feeling. We would not make a point to go back.
5	My husband and I had dinner and the food was absolutely great. To top it off the service we received was different then we have had before. That is in a very complimentary way. Our server was fun, outgoing and so pleasant. We have dined here at least four or five other times and it is consistently great. We excited to have a even better experience than the previous times. We did stay at New York New York casino. Our experience in every contact we had with staff was pleasant and warm. We have stayed at several high end casinos and the team by far goes above to make you feel great. I would recommend to everyone.
4	To update my review, I was called by Chris who I assume was a manager of some sort at Gallagher's. He listened to my feedback and seemed genuinely interested in it. I do want to clarify that although I said I wouldn't go back, it's mostly due to the fact that we look for different paces unless it's exceptional. He explained that 8:30 was at the end of their dinner rush so staff may be a little worn down which I completely get. Understand, that when Yelp ask for a review it's only on a microcosm of time and may not be a true representation of the whole product. Cris invited me back an because of his desire to make his restaurant great we will take him up on that soon.
2	Must have picked an off night because I had one of the worst steaks of my life. The bartenders were great. I see a lot of positives on here, so I'll just chalk it up to a bad night. Haven't left my room since, if you catch my drift.
2	This would probably be the low-tier of the steakhouses I've been to. Service was great and all but the steaks weren't that great. Even though dry-age steak that was placed in front of the store wasn't that special.It's probably a 2.5 in my mind but I guess I would admit this was probably one of my least favorite steak houses i've been to in terms of their steaks. Bread was served cold and you are given sour dough and raisin/nut bread. I prefer the raisin/nut bread. Prime rib : quite expensive for 45? dollars. I might as well go to summit house and get a $30 prime rib and they are known for it and it is bigger. It tasted so-so. Filet mignon - To me, it was just a meh steak. I don't know how to describe it to you if you had better steaks before. It didn't stand out and the sauces that you pay for just covers the meat taste to it.Dry-age rib eye- the best one but still didn't stand it. It's not as tender as other steaks as it is a rib eye given that you get a better taste to the meat. Would recommend it if you do choose to dine at Gallagher.The sides- Mac and cheese was terrible, didn't have a good taste to it and was a bit too cheesy in a weird way and really overwhelm your palette. Mushroom - my friend and I both thought it tasted bitter which was really odd to us... Potato puree- it was decent. I feel like you can't really messed up it too much. Obviously steak and potato puree is usually a must. Cream spinach - my favorite one. I don't know what they did with it but I actually really like the taste to it. I guess they add some kind of heavy cream that made it better to my tasting?Regardless, I would take my money to OBVIOUSLY Craft steak at MGM or SW at Wynn. The service was still great and he was really helpful and kind towards our party. I would kinda rank Gallagher and Prime in the same tier in a way just cause Prime is way too expensive but I'm sorry Gallagher you be getting 2 from me.
4	Ate hear last friday for a small wedding rehearsal dinner.  It was mom meeting the bride's dad for the first time. You could cut the tension with a ... knife (yes that is terrible I know).  Tempted by the dry aged but I decided on the prime rib.  The meal was large enough to split easily. I can put down about 5 plates at the bellagio buffet if you need a reference for the steak size. The cut was around 3 inches thick no joke. Perfectly cooked and possibly the best prime rib I have had but I have not been to Lawrys.  The atmosphere was fitting for a steakhouse with good lighting, not too dark.  Informative servers.  Everything is a la carte including sauces for the meat at around $3 per and the meats were around $35 to $50.
4	My husband and I were pleasantly surprised when we had dinner here. We were expecting good food but after eating our meals this was my favorite meal in Vegas! The prime rib was cooked perfectly! The salmon was delicious! The service was absolutely great as well! We made reservations for the same day which was very accommodating. Our table was ready even when we got there 30 minutes early.
4	We chose Gallagher's a for our anniversary dinner spot. Reservations were made easily through yelp and open table. We were seated immediately and once we were inside it was hard to imagine that we were in a loud casino. Service was wonderful, old school steakhouse feel. Sam, our server, was attentive, helpful and a fun addition to the meal.The food was great. As an appetizer we started with the shrimp and grits...yummy!We both ordered the filet mignon, the onion rings, and the mushroom medley. Everything was al a carte but just the right amount of food. We both left satisfied, not overly stuffed. The in house photographer was a strange but fun added bonus. She actually took really nice pictures of us. The only part I didn't like was the fact that she brought them back to us as actual prints. It would make more sense to have them on an iPad or tablet and then print the ones people want. It seemed wasteful and weird to think about where the prints go if we don't buy them. We bought one and the lady who took the pictures was really nice and not pushy about trying to get us to buy them.
5	Great atmosphere inside the New York New York Hotel... They even have their dry aging steaks inside a glass case tempting you before you have a chance to sit & order!Ok, so to the food... I went with the Gallagher's Wedge salad & Colorado Lamb Chops, medium rare of course. Oh.My.Gosh!!! Heaven on 2 plates & the wedge salad was probably one of the best I've ever had! Usually I would've ordered an appetizer to start, like the clams or calamari, but trust me, portions are decent & filling here; just go for a meal & a salad, because they provide a bread basket as a "starter" & everyone knows bread is a filler starch. Staff was great, our server was so nice & he did a good job of checking in on us without being overbearing about it. There was a lady going around to each table with a big camera offering to take pictures- man, they definitely know how to milk you in Vegas with add-on's & upsells, but we declined (partly because I can't stand cameras with HUGE flashes like hers had). Overall great experience, I'll definitely be back!
5	Once again delicious. Our party of four had two cowboy rib eyes and a lobster tail, Mac and cheese, onion rings and mushrooms. For desert, cheesecake and the pudding. Zero complaints, everything was perfect. The sand in your toes drink was also really good. Will definitely be back next time in Vegas. Thank you Gallaghers for a great evening. Our 8 month old loved sampling.
3	Went expecting a "very good" steak. Left after enjoying a "good" steak. It didn't have the good concentrated flavor a dry aged steak should have. The Caesar salad, especially the dressing, was very good though, although I prefer a more authentic Caesar with anchovies which they do not offer.
5	Just celebrated my birthday with dinner at Gallagher's.  Yes it was really good. We were seated close to the kitchen and boy did I have a big reminder of what hard work restaurant work is!!!  I mostly wanted to comment on the service. It was exceptional. Bryan was our server and Mikey was his helper(?). They were so nice and friendly. Came around just enough. We're local so don't know when we will return. There are so many more steak houses we need to try!! Thanks Bryan and Mikey for singing "Happy Birthday"
4	Gallagher's is a great choice if you are looking for a nice meal while in the madness that is the Las Vegas strip. Located in the New York New York hotel, it does a pretty nice job of creating an atmosphere that feel quiet and relaxing unlike the casino floor. Our group enjoyed the calamari appetizer, which was standard, nothing special. We also split the stuffed mushrooms, which tasted great. For dinner I had the signature dry aged strip, cooked medium. I also had a baked potato on the side. The strip was cooked excellently, and the flavor was very good. I have not eaten a lot of dry aged steaks in my life, but I certainly enjoyed this one. The service was excellent as well. Since you are on the strip this place is a bit pricey, so special occasions or to celebrate and big haul in the casino seem like what this place suits well.
5	Went there to celebrate a night with friends and the service was great and the food was amazing. We had fresh seafood and a great steak.
5	We visited about 4 months ago and had a less than favorable experience. After I left my previous review, management contacted me and asked that I give Gallagher's another visit. They insisted that our experience that night was not typical and asked that we revisit the restaurant after they addressed issues with the staff. We returned last night and were, if course, hyper aware to the issues we saw in June.  We wanted a good bottle of wine and our questions were a little outside of the expertise of our waitress. The  sommelier was very patient and when given our price range recommended a bottle at the low end of our range. He was spot-on with the wine. A large party was seated next to us and service did not suffer in the least. All in all this was the kind of great service we expect when visiting a nice restaurant. Let's just chalk the June visit up as a bad night that was the exception rather than the rule. Service was great and the food is exceptional. We'll be back.
2	I was pretty disappointed with the quality of steaks at this steakhouse. I ordered the "signature" dry-aged New York Sirloin and my girlfriend ordered the cowboy ribeye. My steak was entirely unimpressive other than being slightly larger than I expected. It was seasoned well but it was hardly tender at all. I could barely taste the unique flavor that dry aging imparts on beef. Not bad enough to send back, though.My girlfriend's Cowboy ribeye was poorly prepared. It's impressive size couldn't offset the fact that it was a tough, overcooked piece of beef jerky. The seasoning (salt, pepper, butter?) was spot on but I noticed something was off when i saw my girlfriend trying to cut through it like she was using a wood saw. I politely offered to cut it for her and this is when i realized that it was an awful steak. I tried a piece and was stuck chewing it for a good 2 mins. At that point I was tried to convince her that she should send it back. She has very little experience with steak and didn't realize how bad it was especially considering the $42 price tag...just for the steak. She decided to keep eating the dry rubber because it still tasted good but quickly became defeated after her jaw got tired...about halfway through the steak. You might imagine how frustrating it is to watch a server clear away twenty dollars worth of steak. We also ordered a side of mushrooms for our steaks that were very tasty. The two things that saved the night from being a complete disappointment -and subsequently earning them a single star rating- was the service and the crabcake appetizers. The crabcakes were amazing. EXPENSIVE but amazing ($20 for 3 small cakes). Moist, delicious, and piping hot. Seasoned to perfection. Probably the best crabcakes i've ever had. Seriously.The service was very impressive as well. Super courteous and very informed. It was almost comical how aware the waitstaff was of the dining area. I accidentally dropped my one of my forks and - being the neanderthal that i am - was just going to wipe it off and keep using it. Before i could even reach to pick it up I had two waiters rushing to my side with a clean one. I saw this happen at another table later that night. They also scrape the crumbs off of the table using a barbershop-style straight edge. Good work guys!Ultimately, I walked away very disappointed. After a generous tip I had spent nearly $200 for two people and felt a little cheated by the quality of their beef. Not recommended for steak. Everything was great.
2	My food was 4 stars might i say,  filet mignon steak cooked just like i wanted. Green beans and lobster tail- about 4 stars as well.  But here's why i give them 2 stars.  The waiter fails to mention that the salad he would be bringing, was a hunk of a slice of lettuce with miscellaneous items thrown over it, thus making it a salad! On top of that my lobster tail was twice the price of my steak. Last but not least, me and the boyfriend became severely sick.  The worst stomach ache and diarrhea known to man.  This was the last thing we needed to end our Vegas trip! We spent our last night taking turns on the ivory throne, pooping our lives away. We couldn't point out if it was the lobster or the steak.  The next day after having peptol bismol our stomachs settled and i had leftovers,  my boyfriend decided to take a chance with the steak again,  whaddaya know,  he's pooping his brains out once again.  Very bad experience and i don't think we will ever visit again.  Thanks for the overly priced laxative though.
4	Good solid food. The Caesar salad was okay and the veal chop was worth the trip. I mostly skipped the sauce that came with it and enjoyed the thick juicy chop. If in NY-NY and looking for local steak, go.
5	The best steak I ever had so far!!!My wife and I shared surf a
4	Gallagher's was great! We had a Cesar salad to split for starts, we then split a plate of surf n turf, he had the aged new york steak and I have the 10 oz. lobster tail, we also ordered a huge baked potato on the side, it was a little dry. We got a free dessert from a couple we met from Michigan that was super sweet. Over all great atmosphere, nice staff and pretty decent food.
5	Outstanding!! Best ribeye I've had in days!! Great service!! Thanks Donna. Will be back.
5	This place is bomb! While my parents and I were hanging out in the New York New York enjoying the piano bar, walking around waiting to see a show we stumbled across this place and had to eat here! They were very accommodating. We were able to make reservations right then and there for when we got out of our show that night.Everything was awesome from the time we sat till the time we left. We shared clams casino as an app.   My father and I each ordered a dry-age 14oz NY strip steak and a 3lb main lobster! And my dads lady had a dry-age filet with a Australian lobster tail. Soooooo yummy. They even de-shell your lobster at the table for you so you don't have to get all messy cracking shells! Apparently the chef didn't like the looks of my lobster tail so they brought me another whole 3lb lobster! Eating like a queen! I ended up have left overs and had a great breakfast the next day! Their bread is pretty good too, I loved the wheat with raisins in it. We didn't order any sides because who needs sides to fill up on when you have a plate full of steak and lobster to get threw! If your not looking to spend any where from $60 to $140 a plate then don't stop here. But it's well worth the $140 we paid per plate for just steak and lobster! I'll be back if I'm ever back in Vegas or NYC!
5	I have been here 4 times and it never disappoints!  The steaks are awesome!  I always order either the Cowboy Rib Eye or the Dry Age Steak which can't be beat.  Service is excellent as usual.
3	Had the ribeye medium well my jaw hurts From chewing should of got it med Waiter was bad should of told me
1	All the steaks are pre-made .. Once you order your steak they reheat the steak depend on your request! ( rare, medium or Weldon...) If you don't believe me go see it it by the grill for your self...they brought our steak 3 times and still not fresh!
3	After a long day of wine gambling and Vegas walking it was time for some red meat. Made the cardinal sin of not checking Yelp before dining. This time it would have sent me elsewhere. Couple of caveats before we get into the food. First, restaurant is wonderful. Tables not on top of each other, beautiful white linens and a "big meat" size steak knife to boot! Really a comfortable atmosphere. ...Second  Service  perfect  say no more.  But...and this is a big issue if you are serving high end steaks, they were not very flavorful and a bit tough. I order the "cheffy" medium rare and while perfect color...not very good. This was supposed to be a NY Strip aged and I am thinking it was aged since this morning...... Sides were good but not the official steakhouse "you could never finish this" size but tasty. The sides could not save the meal however. My wife orders her steak medium well so I usually discount any feedback from her on steak but she complained to the waiter about how tough her's was. Waiter apologized,  offered desert but she declined  I ordered a shot of Bailey's with my coffee and they certainly charged for that,  but i digress.   Food actually two stars .....ambiance raises it up a star, but with dozens of great steak houses to choose from on the strip...I would pass by Gallagher's.
5	I LOVE GALLANGHER'S STEAKHOUSE.This was the first restaurant I went back to when I came back to visit Las Vegas. If I had to choose one favorite restaurant in Vegas, this might be it. I've been to many steakhouses in other locations as well like Mastro's Steakhouse, Lawry's. But I have to say this is my favorite out of all. The price is definitely affordable and the food is just AMAZING. My favorite on the menu is definitely shrimp scampi for appetizer and colossal baked potato for the side. I only tried their dry aged new york steak, and I love it. Even the bread they give you on the side was really good, One minor miss for me was the desert section. I wish they had more to choose from, since there were only a few to choose from. One thing on the menu that I would definitely NOT recommend however, is their caesar salad. It was really not that great. I would defiantly order something else on the menu. Give this place a shot if you are at Vegas and want to have good steak.
5	simply amazing!
2	Last night I told the waitress I was allergic to dairy.  She came back and told me the chef said not to eat the mayonnaise, because eggs are dairy.  I tried to explain that eggs come from chickens and dairy comes from cows.  But neither the waitress nor the chef would believe me, that eggs are not dairy.  Our steak was good, all of our sides were terrible.  Considering that we pay major cash for the four of us, our food should have been excellent, not decent.  We won't be returning.
5	Me and the wife wanted to eat somewhere nice so we picked Gallagher's, no regrets on that choice, made my reservation thru yelp, ask for a booth or somewhere nice and quite (romantic), the place was pretty much empty on a Monday night, good for us. They sat us right away on a nice quite spot, "in another note the hostess that sat us was F hot", lol, the waiter got our drinks fast an was kool, we ordered the stuffed mushroom it was awesome, I ordered the NY stake med rare, when people say that the stake just melts in your mouth they ain't kidding it does, every bite was enjoyable, the wife order some chicken (who cares) we also ordered the baked potatoe nothing to brag about, it was just a plane potatoe they can make it better, more toppings would be nice other then sour cream n butter, over all not a bad spot, I would definitely  recommend this place, I'm definitely gonna be back to these place..!!!
2	I will make this short and sweet: the quality of the meat was subpar (even though the presentation outside looks amazing) and the sides were very average (some hits, some misses). Our party of 8 was also squeezed into the smallest table possible; we kept having to move plates around to try and make everything fit (with reservations!). Yes, it's cheaper than other steakhouses, but I really think steak is one of those where it's better to do it big or don't do it at all. Take your $ to Craftsteak or Bazaar Meat, I promise you won't regret it!
1	Can I make this 0 stars? I have never been so appalled in my life within the first 30 seconds of entering an establishment.....I had a server named Jessica who has dark red hair and a very bad attitude. My girlfriend and I walked in to this steak house which I assumed was nice and before we ordered our wine we asked for glasses of water (with lemon) clearly she was not ready to work or excited to take care of a table of two non elders .....so as she walked over to her water boy she said "another water with lemon" in such a condescending tone I was disgusted....I immediately got up and left and will never be back
5	We came in here New Year's Eve.  Though we had a reservation, our previous experience has taught us to have service at the bar whenever possible.  If you have a table for two and it is busy you will be very crammed and miserable inside.  Amazingly, there was no one sitting at the bar so we dined there.  While their bartender was slightly annoying (Fernando telling us how great California is), the food speaks for itself.  I had a large cut of Filet Mignon and an enormous Australian Lobster Tail.  It was cooked to perfection and ranks up there on my all-time best meals.  Sides were very good as well (Roasted asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes).  While the price was high ($390 for two with no alcohol) it was well worth it especially since the hotel comped our meal :)
2	In Vegas on business,  went with with 2 other guys. Service and wine were good, steaks were mediocre. Not done even close to how ordered. One medium was very rare, one medium was well done.  Same with sides.  Steak fries had strange taste.
2	Our dinner was disappointing, we were looking forward to this dinner and expecting a special treat, especially because the dry aged ribeye steaks are displayed on a glass case and they look delicious, they were seasoned ok, but there was no wow factor, it just tasted like an outback steak and to top it off it was chewy. My husband cooks better steaks from Publix than Gallagher's cooks its dry aged steaks. Also drinks took a while to come out, and the sides didn't make up for it, the mac and cheese was bland and I didn't care for the consistency, overall very disappointing, I wouldn't go back.
