1	Ok, so it's a fast food joint?  How wrong can they really go?  I went in here on a Tuesday afternoon around 1:00.  There was no lunch rush happening.  Apparently this location has problems with people stealing napkins and ketchup, because there were none of the self service stations where you can load up.  The person who took my order was incredibly rude.  There was no one in line behind me, and she kept trying to make me leave her counter while I was still putting my credit card away.  She told me where I could stand and wait 5 times.  They pour the soda there, and she had managed to cover the outside of the cup with as much liquid as was inside.  Oh, and asking for a napkin to clean up her mess....that's a big no no too.As I walked away, she proceeded to have a conversation with another employee about what a bitch I was for mentioning the sticky cup situation.  In Spanish.  I speak Spanish.   When they did toss my food at me, I had to ask for ketchup and napkins.  They asked how many napkins I needed. I would have asked for more if I had known that EVERY table in their lobby would be filthy.  Honestly, I probably would have felt better about eating out back by their dumpster.Finally someone did come out to clean the lobby.  Instead of wiping the table, she simply swept up a cloud, right next to me.  Needless to say, this had to be one of the worst Burger Kings I have ever been too.
1	This location is without a doubt the most awful Burger King I have ever been to, including truck stops.  The employees at this location are the biggest festival of douch bags I have ever had the displeasure of being around.  Let me enlighten you with my two part story.The first time I went to this location, I went through the drive thru.  Getting home, I now know the pain of Leo Gets in the movie Lethal weapon 2, and symphatize with him in his stance of how they always fuck you at the drive thru.  I get back home to realize I am a pawn in Burger Kings game of fucking their customers at the drive thru.  I drive back, let them know my order was wrong.  The manager looks in my bag, goes back and talks to the cook.  They forgot about me and 10 minutes later I remind him I am still waiting for my order.  He brings out a bag and drops about 6 inches on the counter in front of me.  Doesn't say a word.  I suppose this was my fault.  Pencildickmanager looked at me as it was.  O.K., perhaps they were having a day.  Perhaps I should have looked at my food when I left.   Regardless, I hope the manager is reading this.  If you are, your a dick (yes, you.  The fat guy) Part two, which I have entitled: Tempting fate, I decide to go back to this restaurant once again.  I should have stuck with my intuition, like when a dog knows it is about to storm and starts barking and acting weird.  Sitting in the "dining room" this time (although the amount of garbage in the room resembled more what I think the threshold to hell would look like)  I think the only place that didn't have garbage in it was the trash cans.  My food was not only incorrect, but tasted like what I can only describe as, well, for a lack of a better word..... dogshit.  I think my hamburger patty was awake longer than I was and had the texture of a belt.  I wouldn't even let my dogs eat this trainwreck of a "meal."  I told the kid who reminded me of Rainman working the counter that the burgers were pretty bad and he might want to cook some fresh ones.  He just started at me like he saw a pair of tits for the first time.  I don't think this kid will strive to be a member of the space program.  I will never go back to this store and I hope someone who works there reads this.  Although I doubt that.  I think they are spending more time standing around thinking of ways they can piss off their customers and be generally non-productive.  I can only become religious and pray that if I ever have kids, they are smarter then the staff at this burger king.  Much like the old lady in the movie Poltergeist, I give you a warning, Caroline.  Stay away from here, this is Satan's Burger King.
1	SO i went to burger king all though im not a real big fan of it just something ive never ate all the time... so i decided what the hell ill try it again!! well this is probably y inever liked it in the 1st place... the staff was two maybe three people the cashier was busy talking to her friend about going out and after odering we didnt get a reciept or a number?? what the hell right thats what i was saying.... to make it worse i got chicken tenders and a bk stacker.. the burger was not bad but the tenders were pretty nasty.. they didnt have bbq or honey mustanrd so u get to pick from ranch sweet n sour and buffalo sauce hmmm and two napkins i guess one for each person?? the guy who served us had major attitude as well when i asked for honey mustard he said we dnt have any what u want... rude as hell so i asked what do u have and he just grabbed one of the above and tossed it on our tray.. i should f let my bf punch him in the face isa ll i got to say... guess that will be my last time going to any bk they SUCK!!
5	Staff so sweet. I'd been previously ordering the Whopper Jr with no tomatoes, pickles, cheese, or mayo for years. The other day, cashier told me it would be much cheaper just to order a regular burger. I've been over paying for years!
3	Pros. Fast, efficient, friendlyCons: I'm going to stop coming here. It's not really good for me and today they didn't even bother heating up my food. If I wanted a croissant with a cold cheese slice and chilled ham, I'd make my own at home. That's what I'm going to start doing. This has happened to me twice now.
1	Yuk. not very tasty at all. only good point was that the counter guy caught that they had missed the bacon (if you can call it that) on hubby's burger.
1	Whopper was dry. Fries were cold. Iced tea was flavorless.There was also a creepy old lady just sitting in there talking to everyone as they walked by. I didn't respond to her and she proceeded to stare at me the whole time I was sitting there. She also went over to a family with a little boy to tell them "he's so cute I just want to snatch him up and take him away with me". Um, okay. If I was that boy's parents I'd have gotten out of there as fast as I could.Management: do us a favor and make the creepy people leave the place if they're not there to eat. Thank you.
2	Never enough employees working especially in the morning. Food is good and customer service is standard. Just wish they had more people working there to speed up the process.
4	I have never had a complaint about this place, I always use the drive thew and it's fast, my food is always prepared right and my whopper is always stacked perfectly:) and never messy. Maybe I'm just lucky.:D
5	Never in my life have I ever been so satisfied with a Burger King location. The food is fresh and hot . I have never had any complaints or messed up orders with the food. The customer service, however, I am sad I can't give them 10 stars. They never forget to smile, greet you, make warm conversations and politely thank you for coming in/driving through. I would like to highlight my personal experience tonight. The poor girl working got treated like crap from the car ahead of me because they were understaffed.  By the time it was my turn, she didn't miss a beat and genuinely apologized for the wait. I felt so bad for her having to man the drive thru and the inside counter. I hope that customers will learn to be more considerate and realize that they're doing the best they can.
