4	Not sure if being the Duke here is good or not, but it's open 24/7 so it gets 4 stars from me. Good late night spot close to home to grab some needed grease when necessary. Drive through moves fast and it's in a safe location. Love me some nuggets!
1	McDonald's is McDonald's. Same fast food experience as it's always been. Usually I only go for their McRibs (stop laughing) but every once in a blue moon the mood strikes me for some easy fast food. I love their double-cheeseburgers, there's something about their diced onions and it's the only sandwich they put these on. Fries are spotty but they probably have the best "fast food" fries, as long as they're piping hot and well salted. I don't mind those things they call Chicken McNuggets either. I guess I feel thankful deep down that I'm not eating a real chicken.The rating for this review is based on this location. Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't the old location on South Blvd a larger restaurant? I guess the local residents petitioned to have a smaller eyesore built in it's place, since this is probably considered the @$$-end of SouthEnd. This location feels mighty cramped inside and some of my fellow customers are kinda suspect. The employees, not much better. I'd love to check the police reports to see how many pedestrians have been struck by cars in this particular parking lot.Your pal,Walter
1	Worse McDonald's I have ever been to. I live close so I eat here whenever Its late or early. No matter what time you come whether late or early they are always slow. I stand in line for 5 to 10 min just to get my order taken when there's not even a line. You will be standing there waiting while theres groups of employees talking...gossipping....cussing. The drive thru is just as slow except you better expect to go in to get what they forgot to put in bag....whether that be food...creamers and sugars for coffee...I recommend HOLDING UP THE LINE TO MAKE SURE THEY GOT IT RIGHT and maybe eventually these clowns will learn to get it right. Customer service is also horrible ..the kids that work there are feisty young black females who could care less to be there let alone deal with you. Out of all the times I've been there being a regular there maybe once have they said thank you when they hand me my food despite the fact I say it each time I get my food. I was raised with manners though, i recommend bojangles across the street.
3	Average. Nothing great, nothing terrible. Food was good enough and the people were a little rude, but all in all, you get what you pay for.
