5	The new zizzy is awesome! Good vibes! Good people!  & the music on top of that is always bumping! Great bartenders! Justin, Angela, Marlon, Joseph, Andy always takes care! Really good food as well. The bugolgi fries are beyond amazing! The deals here are unbeatable anywhere!! Thanks for all the good times & the good memories!
5	I am Always here not only for it's familiarity but also cuz it's always a home run. This place has a really good blend of everything to me (probably hence why I'm always here). Good blend of people, food and options for things to do. Eat, drink, sing, bs with friends. Pretty great place overall and the new changes are refreshing and more consumer friendly when it comes to crowds. And those every here and there parties with open bar makes it even better :))). Idk if hash tags work here but here's what I think --#lasvegas #lv #zizzy #zizzylv #bar #chinatown #chinatownlv #vegas #bar #korean #karaoke #amazing #fun
5	The new owner has really turned this place into the spot to be at! The all around vibe is chill but can get turned up at any time and the staff is always friendly and fun to be around!Food: Bulgogi fries are a must try! You won't regret it!Drinks: The bar is pretty well stocked and they have a decent selection of beer. Soju cocktails for the whole group are always fun and moderately priced. Best cocktail has got to be Marlan's Bitches and Cream or the Panty-dropper! Don't leave without trying it :)The Karaoke: The song selection caters to every language! Spanish, Japanese, Filipino, Russian, whatever! The rooms have lights and wireless microphones so everyone can be comfortable while they get down with their friends.
5	Love this place New owner and great employees. They are all very nice and attentive. They have amazing food and drinks. The new owner has definitely turned this place around!
5	Zizzy is one of my favorite places. Every time I come to town I make it a point to visit. The staff is friendly, fun, and always put a smile on your face. The drinks are good, the Bulgogi Fries are to die for, and the yogurt Soju is so tasty. This place is fun to pregrame, karaoke, or to even stay the whole night meeting new people or partying with your friends. Eat, Drink, Sing and be Merry!
5	Great staff friendly, easy to get too A little difficult to find parking but well worth fighting for a spot. karaoke plus food plus some good drinks really great prices.
5	Just stumbled upon this hidden gem. Insane happy hours and great staff! Good chance I'll be visiting here weekly if not daily.
5	This place is the bees knees and beyond the cats pajamas! Marlon the bartender is amazing and needs a raise ASAP! And Angela?! Hubba hubba ;)))Happy Hour specials is hard to beat here and the yogurts soju Is super yummy with good portions!
5	Nice place. The ambience is sheik. They have a nice happy hour menu.  It's small, but it's very nice inside. Angela is very sweet! I will comment later on food.Update:I didn't end up eating bc we went to Sushi Kaya, but the drinks were GREAT!  Plus $2.00 off for happy hour and free shot with a review
5	I didn't end up eating bc we went to Sushi Kaya, but the drinks were GREAT!  Plus $2.00 off for happy hour and free shot with a review
1	We came to this place for karaoke but decide to enjoy some drinks and food. Unfortunately the food was cold and service was poor. The server/bartender/hotress/manager/promoter was very busy entertaining friends instead of providing service.
5	This place rocks!  Found this place on Yelp coz I was craving for Asian food and my white business partner was craving for hard alcohol.  Great happy hour specials, food is great and the drinks are legit.  Atmosphere is the bomb and the music really is upbeat.  Staff is really friendly.  This is a new go-to place for me.
5	Staff is friendly, the rooms aren't overly priced and the food and drinks are good! Not shy about the liquor on the mixed drinks at all. I love going out and doing karaoke but I don't always enjoy the other people singing. The rooms are life savers on that.. AND it's perfect for a private party.
5	Super cute, intimate. Sweet bartender. Good music in front and a party in every room! Great happy hour specials, and great sound proofing of the karaoke rooms.
5	So I haven't been here in over 3 year and went here with a group of friends. Called Saturday and they got my group of 7 in a small both. Was expecting it to be too small but definitely had enough room! Soju was great and they had a buy 2 get 1 deal. We also had kamikaze drinks and they definitely got the night going.So I was really happy with the service, from the host that setup our over the phone reservation, to the attentiveness of the staff. Justin was fantastic, very fast in getting us our drinks and helpful working the karaoke machine.Overall was a great time with local friends. I highly recommend ZiZZYS because of the service. I work in the service industry and I can say that the staff tonight were great!! Perry
3	Went here for karaoke with some friends. It is located in a plaza with very limited parking. Good thing is there are lots of late night places for food. I am going to try out the AYCE sushi place and I'll write a review about it.When you first walk in you will see the bar which consists of only 4 seats lol. When I walked in, I thought I went into the wrong place, but the rooms are just down the hallway. Just tell the bartender you are there for karaoke and he will take you to a room. They also have a small selection of snack foods and drinks. Price was $15 per hour which is similar to the other karaoke place I have been to. Only thing that sucked about my experience was the occasional feedback from the microphones which was annoying. The song selection is pretty old by about a year or so. They have a good selection of English songs, but they could work on updating and expanding their selection. I'd go here again mainly because of the convenience of the nearby restaurants. If the microphone problem happens again when I go, I will update my review.
2	I felt the need to be a rockstar (lol) so ended up here to get a room. When we first walked in, the female bartender said the karaoke rooms were full. I went to the bathroom and saw an empty room. Shouldn't she check before saying that? The male employee said there was a room available shortly after. It's a tiny place and they have maybe 5-7 rooms? It took forever to get our drinks. I pressed the service button a few times and no one came. I went out to the bar and the bartender looked flustered and wasn't very helpful and to ask the male employee.A lot of our songs would stop in the middle. I told the male bartender. He didn't seem to care and told me to tell the other employee. I guess he felt bad and later, they came to reset it and it finally worked. One of the male employees who wasn't a bartender was nice.The only good thing about this place are the chicken wings. They need to work on their service skills because it's clearly lacking and make sure the machines are working.
4	My family and I stopped here to karaoke after a great meal on the strip. My brother and his girlfriend live in Tokyo and they love karaoke. They were super impressed with the individual booths for us to embarrass ourselves haha! But definitely a good time! Service was great they have bells you can ring of you need anything.They Krin Ichiban which is an awesome Japanese beer! Cons: the music was WAY TOO loud. We had to scream over the music to sing. I could smell the bathroom pretty good from the hall which was pretty disappointing. But overall good place to drink and be silly with your friends....maybe just don't take your family there haha! Also our mic died mid singing and they had to charge it! I thought they would have another they could just give us! But we had to wait for it to charge :(  But def would recommend!
2	This review is strictly for karaoke. I went with this past Saturday with a group of 4 girls. Someone in our group had reserved a private room, which costed $20/hour - super reasonable. The rooms are a decent size, and hold about 12 people comfortably. The only downside is there selection of songs. It's incredibly outdated and you won't find much of a variety. It's mostly pop and classic rock. I was really looking forward to singing some Shania, but no. Not here. With updates this place could easily become 4 stars, but as of now I'd skip it.
