1	I contacted them when my air conditioning unit was not working when I got home from work, upon a recommendation from a friend. Even though it was 5:00 in the afternoon, I got their answering service. The answering service stated that someone would call me back that night, as the temperature in my home was 99 degrees. Waited and waited for their "on call technician" to contact me, but no one ever did. Called another company and received immediate service. If I could give 0 stars, I would considering the lack of any type of service that I received from them.
5	These guys are great!  They are Smart, Courteous and Honest!I recommend Joe and his team to everyone I know.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	A great, local company. They always do my yearly maintenance, and I recommend them to all the people I know who have just moved to Vegas and aren't sure who to call.I've got my yearly maintenance coming up, and I'll be giving them a call again!
5	First and foremost let me start off by saying they went above and beyond my expectations! When my family came home our AC had gone out! we immediately thought of our neighbor who had their system completely done and had always raved about how happy they where with the company that did it so we decided to contact his referral, Rebel Refrigeration. It was a complete pleasure from start to finish! everything was done as stated and incredibly efficient! the price was unbeatable and they where very attentive to my needs as a customer. I completely recommend them for any of your AC needs. I even referred them to the place I work for and they overhauled my place of employments' systems! 5 stars!!!!!
5	I have done business for several years now with Rebel Refrigeration and always found them to be honest and knowledgeable in their field.  I'm impressed with their cleanliness and organization.They seem to not only care about their customers, but their employees too and it shows.  It's nice to feel like you have a friend to help you when something goes wrong.
5	I checked around town and Rebels price weren't cheap and weren't expensive. I decided to go with them after their professional approach during the estimate. I could not be happier. Everybody cares and everybody is knowledgeable and professional.Can not recommend them highly enough. You will love the service!
5	Great service.  Allen is very professional and explains things so much clearer then any other company I've had out.   He located and fixed problems our previous company had missed for months.  I would recommend them to anyone for home or business
5	I contacted Rebel to have my father's unit maintained and readied for the winter. Joe was quick to respond and told me someone would be calling in the am to schedule the service. They went out that same morning and my father was very satisfied. I also want to thank Sue for arranging it so that my father wasn't bothered with the payment. Courteous, prompt, and trustworthy. Thanks, Rebel!
5	First off five stars when Alan walked up to my front door already pulling shoe covers out of his pocket! I ask for no shoes in my home & was so happy to not have to ask him. Second off five stars for being so nice & telling me what he was doing every step of the way. Started experiencing heater issues the previous day that turned into a Gas concern. Alan immediately explained to me why that happened & fixed the problem. Quick response, which was so great as I had my young grand daughter with me. Was happy to have the house back to normal when my kids got home from school. Ashley was very kind over the phone & gave me a call before Alan arrived. Excellent customer service that seemed to care, quick response time & fixed the problem right away.
