4	I visit Melon's at least twice a week for breakfast. I am not too fond of smoothie places because I figure why spend $5 - $6 on a smoothie when you can just make one at home?!?!Melon's is the exception. The staff is always cheery and friendly, the smoothies are De-LiSH, they serve the best breakfast paninis, and they are down the street from my place of work. All I do is make a call for pick up, place my order, make a quick run, and the smoothies and paninis are ready when I get there. Besides the smoothies and paninis being sooo darn good, the price is definitely the runner up for a quality breakfast.Wes is typically there when I make these frequent visits and he is always so great. Thank you, thank you!
5	This place is soooo yummy!!!!!! Got the Tropical Twister smoothie and it was bomb diggity! I think it might've been one of the best smoothies I've ever had. SOOO good! My friend got some orange sherbet and that was SOOO good too!!! I'll be visiting this place every time I go to Vegas. It's a must on my list! YUMMY! haha.
4	I spotted Melon's the other day while I was driving down Rainbow and made a mental note to try them out for lunch someday. Today was that day.I had the Red Rockin' smoothie, which was a combination of raspberries, bananas, granola, cranberry juice, raspberry sherbert and fat free vanilla yogurt. I decided to pair that with a Ham Turkey & Swiss Panini, which came with potato salad. Total was right around $10. The smoothie was really good, not too sweet and the granola gave it a unique flavor that I enjoyed. My coworker ordered the Pomb-Bomb  smoothie (blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, pomegranate juice and fat free vanilla yogurt) and let me try it. We both agreed it was too sweet for our liking. The panini was delicious. The parmesan crust bread was a little greasy but not overboard. I really liked the garlic mayo. And the potato salad was just how I liked it too... Not too creamy, nice and yellow from the mustard. Final verdict: Glad I saw this place the other day. I definitely plan on trying some of the other items on their menu.
5	Love this place! I've always drove by and wondered. So one day before work I decided to check it out I was not disappointed! Very friendly & helpful service. They offer free Internet which is a plus.The smoothies are awesome try the sassy strawberry, tropical twister & we be jam in! Perfect for the drive into work in 110 degree weather! Cute place wish more people knew about it! It's become my daily pit stop!
5	I decided to check Melons out while staying at a place right down the street.  I had the Ahh Acai, and thought it tasted great- heavier than Jamba Juice, so the small size was plenty.  I also had their Tuna Melt panini, which comes with a small cup of salad- I think the choices were chicken, potato, or macaroni.  Those were good as well, and everything's reasonably priced.Initially, I'd wanted a crepe, but since they didn't have any batter at the time, they were nice enough to change the order to the panini without charging me the extra buck since I'd already paid.The place has cute decor, and there are also a couple computers with free internet access, which is a nice touch.
2	We were here for lunch during a weekday.  The food isn't bad, but the service makes the whole experience 2 stars.  We waited for almost half an hour for two sandwiches and two smoothies, and the place was empty!If you don't mind repeating your order 3 times and having them mess up/forget your order, you could give this place a try.  Since we usually don't have more than an hour for lunch break during a work day, we will NOT be coming back. Never.
3	I just got back from Melon's about an hour ago.Smoothies were great!... but...Because I was behind a couple who ordered 2 paninis and 2 smoothies I waited about 30-40 minutes for 3 smoothies (my order). They ran out of Strawberries, and half of their menu has stuff with strawberries. As a huge strawberries fan I was soooo sad..I think it would've been better if they just made the smoothies first because those don't take long to make, and maybe save the paninis for after.It was almost as long as waiting in a restaurant for food, except you didn't have the drinks come out first.Cashier did apologize when I received my drinks finally so I give them 3 stars, but yeah. The wait is such a turnoff...
2	Yesterday was my first and last visit to Melons. I arrived about 2 hours after the store opened. I noticed the welcome mat was still rolled up and stored on a chair after the previous night's mopping. That should have been my clue to leave. I ordered a smoothie and sandwich, same as my friend. Another gentleman behind us ordered just a smoothie. Thus began an exercise on waiting. With the smell of something burning filling my lungs, the man behind us demanded his money back, and we waited 30 minutes for 2 sandwiches and 2 smoothies. How is this possible? I'm still trying to figure it out.The food was nothing special; the bread was days old, the deli meat was packaged, and smoothies were lackluster.The reason I gave the 2 stars instead of 1 is because they had a computer customers could use to browse the Internet or play hearts while waiting.
2	I got a coupon for melons on groupons, it was only $4.00 for $10.00 worth of food. Now we went with a bit of an appetite, and we left still with an appetite! We order the Cuckoo for coconuts! it was good.  We orderd the Ham panini, and the spicy Italian panini, they were good, but.......not much meat in the Spicy Italian panini ( it was very thin), the ham panini was a little thicker. I think there panini's are over priced for what you get! there maybe worth $2.50 to $2.99. So needless to say, as soon as we left we were trying to figure out what we can now get to eat, since we just had are appetizer!
4	Allow about 15 mins for your order. Carry out is the best option I use when ordering so my order is ready when I get there. The Cookoo for Coconuts is delicious - but it is what it's names says  - so expect ALOT of coconut. The Pomb-Bomb is delicious and has less calories than other smoothies. I always order the California BLT panini. I just wish they had fresh avocado on it. It's good, but including avocados would represent the name better.
3	The wait took a little bit at 10:30 AM, even though there were no other customers there. I came in here just for a smoothie and was surprised to find they served sandwiches (breakfast and lunch all day). I thought the sandwiches were mediocre. I think the sandwiches are something you can definitely make at home even without a panini press. Cheese and ham between two slices of bread isn't really going to wow anyone. The smoothie was decent. I think I have had much better elsewhere. I had the coconut one, BTW. My total was $12 for two sandwiches & one smoothie.On a positive note, the place was clean and there was a running PC in the dining area just in case you needed to check your Facebook or something. :-P
2	A coworker in the office today suggested Melons to satisfy her smoothie craving, claiming that they also had good sandwiches and an outside patio. Sounded like a good plan to all of us. Being that it is a beautiful spring day today, we were surprised when we pulled up to an empty patio. After asking an employee if we could move a table outside ourself, it became clear to me that the reason there wasn't already furniture out there was on account of sheer laziness of the staff. As we began to order, the first person was told they were out of whey protein for his smoothie...Not a huge deal so we continued on.  Next person ordered a Chicken Pesto Crepe and was told they were out of crepe batter, so that nixed the other 3 crepe items on the menu as well. They made up for it by suggesting it as a panini instead, which was completely fine.All said and paid for, the next person ordered the same and was about to complete the order when an employee from across the line yells "we are out of pesto!" Before searching for her next option she was then told they were also out of Chipotle Mayo too. There went 2 more menu options!  She settled for the Chicken Cesar Panini and a Match Matcha Tea smoothie with strawberries. While the 2nd person got her $ back and went across the street to 3 Tomatoes and a Mozerella, the 3rd person watched as honey was being added to her smoothie that was not asked for or on the menu description. She stopped the girl who was lining the cup with honey and said she did not want it and to put the smoothie into a clean empty cup. She was then told that honey was already added to the smoothie and asked if she was allergic to it! If the menu description does not call for an ingredient, how about ask before adding it.Apparently, this place used to be amazing when it first opened. Since then it has been said that they have went through a few changes in management, and my suggestion is keep changing! What is going on there is not up to my satisfaction.
2	I agree fully with the review Misti gave on Sherbert overload. Very slow non friendly service and over priced drinks. The staff was very unattentive 3 people were present but (the manager/Owner) was just sitting at a far table on the Laptop while at least 8 people waited. I was the first person in and waited at least 20-25 minutes. I gave them a chance via Groupon but after a $12 meal for small dry sandwich and a sugar overloaded smoothie probably never again. There are a lot of choices out there and I would rather support another place than a place not even trying to do a good quality in all metrics.Price-FailService-Epic FailureProduct- Total Fail
1	I'm very disappointed with Melons. I bought 2 of the Groupon deals, $5 for $10 worth of product. I had no problem redeeming my first Groupon. The smoothie was delicious, but the panini was just OK. The service was absolutely awful. They were out of numerous ingredients (including bacon) and I waited 40 minutes for my order. When I went to use my second Groupon I was told that I would only be able to redeem $6 of my $10 Groupon. So I paid $5 and only got $6 off my order. Really?! Luckily Groupon is amazing and credited me the other $4. I don't understand how they can stay in business if this is how they are going to treat their customers.
4	The first time I visited this place, I didn't feel so well.  I needed something tart and was recommended the tangy teaser.  After the first sip, I felt better..weird, but true.  From that moment on, I am addicted to this smoothie...YUMMY.I haven't tried any other smoothie but the tangy teaser, which consists of strawberries, blueberries, lemonade, lime and raspberry sherbert.  They also topped it off with some frozen blueberries and strawberries.  I've also tried their bagel and lox.  It was alright.  I found a thin bone in my smoked salmon, and the bed of greens that was used to support the thin slices of smoked salmon was kinda wilted.  Nonetheless, I have to say tangy teaser is my favorite smoothie ever.  I would actually drive the distance from Henderson to SW to spoil myself w/this smoothie.  Oh I cannot wait until Melons open up in Green Valley!!!
4	The Cranberry smoothie is yummy! and the sandwiches are delicious! I like the tuna melt (it has capers!) If your looking for a smoothie and sandwich place that has some variety this is the place to try it carries smoothies and sandwiches you won't find at the other smoothie places.
3	I had to feed myself before hitting the road... need the fuel to get me going! So here I was at Melons.. I walked in and only one guy was sippin' on his smoothie, reading a magazine. Thinking I came at the right time before lunch crowd hits... I happily ordered a Tuna Melt ($5) and Super sized Cuckoo 4 Coconuts ($5). A few mins. after I ordered, a group of four and a couple walks in. It seems that after everybody put their order in... is when they started mine. I literally waited a good 45 mins. even for my smoothie?!! I never in my life waited that long for a sandwich and smoothie. Even ordering appetizers in a fine dining restaurant came out sooner! -1starMy smoothie was bland to where I kept sippin' and sippin' hoping it would get better. I gave the crunk look as I stared this smoothie down of disgust. Damn it! The description sounded so good, but it tasted like a watered down full cup of melted sugar that's been sitting around for hours. It had a muddy, sticky consistency, almost like a horribly mixed powdered protein shake. I gag on the thought of this. I couldn't even finish half way and threw it in the trash as soon as I left. If you like tangy, get the Red Rock instead... that would have been my second choice. I read Cuckoo 4 Coconuts on yelp was a hot item, but definitely a cold hit in my book.  -1 starWhat saved the day... the Tuna Melt. For the time it took to make this sandwich and smoothie... I hoped, no... I Prayed this will knock my socks off.. wait.. I'm wasn't wearing any socks that time... okay then.. knock my.. wedges off!!! First look.. it looked damn good. It was nice and warm, which I was very pleased about. It even smelled good!  The panini style parmesan bread was crisp at first bite, but interluded to this soft melody of crunch. Their homemade tuna salad tasted fresh like they whipped up that fish real good that very day... Yeeeeeees. It was light and delicious... they stayed true to it being homemade, since the flavor did a spin on me and enjoyed every single bite of it. I even took smaller bites to get the full effect. It even as capers, which is what probably gave this sandwich some zest. One fell out, cute little dark green ball.. I threw it back in my mouth and I was like... Oh! Big hit in my book of paninis! Fyi sometimes I have the tendency to eat things very oddly, so please excuse my Tuna Melt photo shot. Thank you. Ha! Even the swiss cheese was melted ever so lightly and put this Tuna Melt to its name. If I only ordered this panini alone and didn't wait so long that my tummy roared like a ferocious Lion... I would have gave this place a smiling high 5 stars!!! Have to say.. your Tuna Melt won me over.Service was no smiles, but what can I get you?!?! Didn't pay attention too much on the lack of enthusiasm... maybe it was their Monday back to work!? Who knows?! Eh whatever, I just wanted to eat!!! But I will say... it's the service that gets people back majority of the time. If the food was the best, but service was the worst... done deal. That spreads like wildfire!This place is located on Rainbow, right before Sunset Rd. and 215.Same complex with Cracked Egg, Starbucks.. corner store right by Three Tomatoes & A Mozzarella.I also did try their Ham, Turkey, & Swiss on a different trip, but everything, especially the bread tasted old like it's been frozen.. for years. Tried to not dismiss their selection by one taste and luckily, I picked a winner this time around.  If you're a fan of the Tuna Melt, this might just melt your taste buds to the sea.
4	This place was really good and the cashier was very friendly...and slow. The sandwich and smoothie were tasty but nothing I couldn't have gotten elsewhere.
2	Not the most friendly place and they are slower then Jamba Juice.  If you are the last guy to order your shake you will be the first guy to get it. They also do not have nutrition facts listed for their shakes and when asked it required a lot of fumbling through big binders.  I might go back and give them a 2nd chance.
4	I'm a fan of picking places that arent so corporate chains.  So whenever i want a smoothie i try to avoid tropical smoothie or Jamba juice.  So my friend suggested this place to me.  I realy like it.  As some of the reviews have mentioned though the service is a little sub par.   To order a Tuna Melt and Smoothie it can take anywhere to 20 - 30 mins to get my order when there's no one else in the store.   If theres a few other customers ahead of me? oh i'd hate to bear the thought.  But for what I order personally i like the flavors alot.  Smoothies are delicious and the tuna melt is deadly delicious.
3	My wife bought a Groupon for Melons, so we decided to stop in and get a couple of crepes. We ordered the chicken pesto crepe which was tasty and the ham and Swiss crepe which was fine but nothing special. My wife got a cranberry crave to wash it down. It was okay but a little bland.
3	3 bucks for a smoothie, can you beat that?  They make a lot of their smoothies with sherbert... which I love.  I've had quite a few of their flavors and they all taste pretty awesome (not healthy, for sure).  Their "OCD" tastes like a slightly melted Push Pop (remember those?!)... and to me, that's awesome. I've had their Tropical Twister, their Pomb Bomb, and the Bangin Blueberry.  All good and very sweet - just how I like it.  A good place to stop by for "dessert" after eating at the nearby restaurants.  I kind of wish that their selection was a little bigger and if they offered some healthier options, but overall, I enjoy it and continue to come back.
3	Tasty. Free wifi. Cheaper than most places. I got the tropical twister. Tastes like they added a large amount of sherbet. Ill be back to try the other flavors. I like the setup. Especially with outside seating. 3.5star.
