4	Montreal-Trudeau International airport is one of the most efficient, well-designed airports that I've been to in recent memory. The architecture is beautiful (for an airport) in the terminals I've been to. Signs abound in English and French.Friendly staff are there for you every step of the way, and I never have had any problems with them. The officer at customs even joked with us when there was a minor issue with our IDs. Never had to spend unnecessary time here - not that that would be a big deal, as there's your typical shopping and dining options, including a Starbucks, if you're into that. If you need to exchange currency, go to Chinatown and do it there, the rates are better.Find Montreal-Trudeau less than a half-hour from downtown Quebec, conveniently accessible via shuttle bus, taxi, car, or teleportation.
4	I've been through A LOT of airports and they're either:A) dirty B) confusing C) rude customer service D) all of the aboveWhat surprised me about YUL were:A) how empty it wasB) cleanC) polite the customs crew wereGranted, it doesn't get as much traffic as JFK, LAX, or ORD so I can't be fair to compare it that way.I arrived at the suggested time of 2 hours for the international flight but I was through customs and check in half an hour.I was also hungover, holding a 1L size bottle of water and forgot to complete my declaration card. The canadien customs guy was polite and jokingly said he needed a bottle of water as well to recover from his New Year's night.  As he handed back my blank declaration card, he also handed me a pen to fill it out.  Man, that was sweet.After checking in all the required boxes and ditched my 1L bottle of water, I passed through and passed out on the leather lounge chairs till my flight boarded
3	If you read my early morning review of my security experience at Dulles today, well the fun didn't stop when we went wheels up on my AC Jazz flight direct to Pierre Trudeau-Montreal.  Uneventful flight, really, hardly a bump felt even though we knew we were going to be landing in snow and wind.  that's where the fun ends....1 hour 15 min airport to airport...not too shabby and because I'm so schedule driven I had already mapped out what I would have done by lunchtime.  Uh, insert screeching tire sounds here....evidently the airport recently let 40 grounds crew go (economy issues) which meant there wasn't anyone to offload our flight.  When that occurs the humans aren't let off the plane if the luggage can't get out of the belly of the jet!  Yeah, 2 hours later someone rounded up a couple of guys to take the luggage out and let us out of our giant sardine can with jet engines too.  So much for my productive day, eh??Getting inside the airport and experiencing the efficiency of customs, the arrival of your luggage when YOU arrive at baggage claim AND the ever ready line of cabs melted the entire crappy morning away...there are miracles left in this world  :)
4	I've seen more airports than I can likely count, so I am picky and am quickly aggitated by airports which don't make sense.YUL never made me angry. From the easy transition to ground transport upon arrival, clear signage, and availability of staff in case you have questions, this is an easy airport - I think a novice could easily navigate with ease. Plus one point as well for the proximity of Tim Hortons to the baggage reclaim after my red eye flight.Even easier is departing - departures terminal again, just makes sense, it's easy to check it with your bags. Even with a large security queue I was through and clear in about 15 minutes when I thought it would be at least 45 minutes. The airport itself is nice, not as nice as some others, but impeccibly clean and an altogether for being an airport I have no real complaints.
3	Its just like any other airport hence the 3 star rating.  I'm really just writing this to warn others that if you are hungry when you get to the airport you should eat before going through security (at least for domestic flights).  There is only one restaurant on the other side of security other than Timmy's and Second Cup.You have been warned!!!!!!!!!
1	It's sad when a city's airport seems to think it knows better than every other airport. Despite numerous "improvements" Montreal's airport still lacks the basic services particularly food and shopping. Do travellers really want to pay $10 for a small beer? or 10$ for a "paris styled" sandwich. Come on, give me a break.
1	Truly the worst airport in Canada.   Thankfully Porter flies here.   The security here is the slimiest, surliest anywhere outside of third world dictatorships.   No facilities to speak of past security, and a dodgy taxi mafia to shuttle you back and forth.One highlight: at the bar near gate 7, go to listen to the most atrocious french accent you've ever heard.   Truly worth a stop.
1	I don't typically write reviews on airports, but I have to write a few lines on YUL. This airport is so un-necessarily large, confusing, broken and un-functional that it makes JFK look organized.The walkways are broken and when your plane arrives at gate 88 like mine did, and you have to walk to gate 1 after traveling all day...what do you want to do? Strangle someone...ugh.The escalators don't work - now...most fat Americans SHOULD take the stairs but carrying luggage up a flight of stairs, 4 of them, isn't ideal. The construction outside of the airport is WORSE than JFK...you have no f'ing clue where you're going...the signs aren't up and entrance ramps/off-ramps just seem to end and take you back on the road you were just on. Fun if you were a 4 year old kid...for me? not quite.AND to top it all off? When the jetway can't reach your standard Canadair Regional Jet POS Jet Plane because the operator doesn't know how to operate it requiring you to take a RAMP to get off the plane and on to the jetway..........I can't even finish the sentence.
1	I was reading the review for this airport and had the feeling that some were written by PR firms!I hate this airport! It is inefficient, badly organize and the transport links makes Montreal looks worst that developing countries.It seems that the security and Canadian customs are manage to optimize their own resource without the slightest care about the passengers.Seriously, they made a big investment on the building in the last few years and expanded Canadian custom hall quite a bit... BUT they don't staff it. Schedule plane service landed every day about the same time, can't you staff the place so people don't have to wait an hour or more for immigration? Apparently not. Canada is also the only place I know where citizen and permanent residents don't have a priority line (you know because citizen can be cleared faster and you can clear the place?).The train line that go to downtown is less than a mile away, but there is no convenient train service to downtown and they have been taking about a rail link to the terminal for over 40 years... nothingCan this place be made efficient and serve it's function well? Yes. Does it do so now? No, absolutely not.
4	I arrived at around 10am, and the airport was empty.  No crowds, no long bullshit at customs, and everything was fairly easy to find.One thing I will comment, back in Detroit, I had to leave my carry on bag for planeside pickup (I never check anything in, I pack lightly), because the plane from Detroit to Montreal was super teeny so they store larger carry ons for planeside pickup or baggage valet is what they call it. Upon arrival, they bring your bag to you. No biggie, right..... lol anyway so as I was exiting the plane, had no idea where this planeside pick up was cause I so no bags being handed out so I kept walking with the crowd. A gazillion escalators later, a fellow passenger says they saw my purple carry on at bag valet unclaimed.Soooo...I walked practically all the way back and ran into one of the employees, who actually put my bag onto the baggage carousel for me. He was nice enough to direct me through customs, walked me through all the way, and even got us a lift on on airport buggy and finally reunited me with my purple carry on. All the while telling me about his children, and what to do while in Montreal.I really appreciate that he took the time to escort me through what could have been a very frustratingly ridiculous process...So for now, definitely a fan of YUL.
1	I hate this airport! It is inefficient, badly organize and the transport links makes Montreal looks worst that developing countries.It seems that the security and Canadian customs are managed to optimize their own resource without the slightest care about the passengers.Seriously, they made a big investment on the building in the last few years and expanded Canadian custom hall quite a bit... BUT they don't staff it. Schedule plane service landed every day about the same time, can't you staff the place so people don't have to wait an hour or more for immigration? Apparently not. Canada is also the only place I know where citizen and permanent residents don't have a priority line (you know because citizen can be cleared faster and you can clear the place?).The train line that go to downtown is less than a mile away, but there is no convenient train services to downtown and they have been talking about a rail link to the terminal for over 40 years... nothingCan this place be made efficient and serve it's function well? Yes. Does it do so now? No, absolutely not.
2	Plan extra time, the security lineups can take forever.  I don't find the airport particularly frustrating, but I've used it for years and flying Porter just seems to make the experience better.Eat before you go through security if you are hungry, the options are much more limited past security.There is a shuttle service which isn't very expensive or the taxi's are tariffed at $38.
4	Very clean, easy to get to airport.Going back to NY from Montreal was a complete breeze.  I literally walked right up to a customs officer, done in minutes.  Security was also very quick and they didn't make you feel invaded.My flight was at 1:30 and I was waiting by 12:00 at the gate.  Usually I'm early, but I expected more of a wait.  There was a nice little bar by the gate, where I had a drink and sandwich waiting for my plane.Very nice experience.A taxi ride from the airport to Montreal is $38.  Much like in NYC it is a fixed rate.
2	Montreal is a great and vibrant city but PET Airport is cramped, dated, dark, and congested.  Its too bad that everyone gave up on Mirabel Airport.
4	this airport is really easy to get into, and getting bags and through customs is usually not bad, although the line to hand over your customs declaration can get long since they usually only have 1-2 agents working. Leaving, however, make sure you give yourself plenty of time. I have gotten through as quickly as 30 minutes, and as long as an hour and a half. It's very unpredictable.
3	The lines at this airport are horrendous.  Get there early (3h ahead) if you want to even make your flights.  You can even flag down a security guard if your flight will leave to get to the front of the customs line.Apparently if you use a mobile boarding pass (on a phone, etc.), you get to go to the Special Services customs line that always has practically nobody.Free Wi-Fi!
4	Definitely rates as one of the better airports I have been to. The hallways are a bit long, and become burdensome to travel down, but that really is one of my only complaints. It really is one of the cleanest airports I have been to in a while, which is always nice while traveling. When I was crossing back to the USA, I was surprised that I went through US customs before even boarding the plane. It was actually fairly nice so that I didn't have to worry about going through when I landed in Detroit.The US terminal has quite a bit in it, too. Once you go through security, you walk through the duty free shop and then into the corridor where the gates and many restaurants are. The food options are quite nice throughout the terminal, having a lot of local Quebecois cuisine, as well as international foods such as sushi. Not too many bars though, but hey, all you need is one right?Service everywhere I went was very kind and helpful. Definitely a good experience.Plus FREE WIFI, and not the garbage free slow stuff that a lot of airports offer, this was actually good quality.Warning, though, watch out for mandatory cab fairs. I went from the airport to an airport hotel that was literally just up the street about .5 miles (it was 3 am I was out of options) and it cost me $20 due to set fees.
1	I am generally a fan of Canadian airports. People are so much friendlier than in the U.S. and everything is so much cleaner. However, my recent experience with YUL was abysmal.My flight from YVR arrived exactly at the scheduled departure time of my flight to YHZ. The Air Canada flight attendants never found it necessary to apologize for this delay and information on connections was only announced during the final descent, a few minutes before I saw on my cell phone that I had already received an Air Canada text message on my new connection (much) earlier during the flight.Having finally arrived at YUL I first picked up my new boarding pass at the Air Canada service desk and had some breakfast. I then made my way to gate 49. About 40 minutes before the scheduled departure time a ground staff member - who, as I found out later, went by the name of Roger - came to the gate desk. I asked him if I could have an aisle seat instead of a window seat. He snappily replied that I should ask the ground staff at my gate of departure 30 minutes before the scheduled departure time. My comment that this is my gate did not evoke any response. Roger disappeared again.About 20 minutes before the scheduled departure time, well beyond the scheduled boarding time, there was still nobody at the gate desk - and the screen did not show any information either. There was also no announcement whatsoever for our flight. After a while Roger came again and said that we had to go to gate 15, at the other end of the airport. I asked him why there was no announcement to tell people so, and he snappily replied that he only just found out. He therefore took an older lady in a wheelchair to that other gate and I went with him. Still no announcement on our flight - anybody who would have come to the original gate after Roger took off to the new gate would have been clueless as to what had happened. Roger dropped the older lady off at gate 15 and took off again.At gate 15, there was again only an empty screen. I then - fortunately! - overheard a male ground staff member at the neighbouring gate 18 tell somebody that my flight would leave at gate 51, close to the original gate 49 (i.e. again at the other side of the airport). Still no announcement whatsoever. I asked that ground staff member whether I had heard that correctly, and he said yes. I asked him why Roger just took us to gate 15 if our flight was leaving at gate 51. He snappily replied that he doesn't know and that his screen says gate 51. After a while he finally agreed to double-check and confirmed that yes, it is indeed gate 51. No apology for Roger's mistake, no apology for his own rude behaviour. A female ground staff member then alerted him that there were now already two wheelchair passengers at gate 15 that should be at gate 51 (one of whom the lady whom Roger had brought to gate 15). Therefore, at last, the two could be bothered to make some hectic calls since there was hardly any time left. We were told to get to gate 51 quickly since our flight was leaving soon. Alas, back to the other side of the airport.A female ground staff member (whose name plate was empty - perhaps for good reason) at gate 51 told the hectically arriving crowd that our flight wouldn't leave any time soon - scheduled departure time had already passed. A female passenger complained that she was just told to rush to gate 51 - of course, no apology. "Apology", "empathy" and "friendliness" don't seem to exist in the dictionary that YUL ground staff get. No apology for having to run back and forth many times simply because ground staff didn't have a clue either. And still no announcement whatsoever about our flight. These gate changes, or supposed gate changes, were never clarified through an announcement. Since YUL has screens that show the gates of departing flights in only very few locations this is rather bad practice and forces people to run around all the time. In the end our flight left - late, of course - and there was no apology for the disorganized and disrespectful way in which passengers were treated.Interestingly, the "other" employees at YUL, such as the ones working at stores and food outlets, or the ones working as courtesy cart drivers, are all rather friendly. But the ground personnel is arrogant, incompetent, and unfriendly - an unwelcome combination. They make you feel like you would imagine a 19th century European government office, where every visitor is being seen as a nuisance, an annoying petitioner who is disturbing the God-given idleness of the government official, rather than, as it is actually the case at YUL, as a customer who is paying an awful lot of airport fees. These people need serious retraining in politeness and customer service skills - or perhaps they would need to be fired altogether and different people be hired.The ground staff at YUL are a disgrace to Montreal, Quebec, and Canada as a whole. YYZ ground staff are infinitely better.
3	Quick and clean. It seems weird, but it's likeable enough.
2	We were stopping here briefly for a connecting flight to Vancouver after flying 7 hours from London. Unlike other airports, they make you collect your luggage, and boot you out the exit so you have to rejoin the departure queues and go through security again! Totally inefficient, and who knows what would have happened if our first flight had been delayed. Also they don't take pounds here but accept euros.  Pah! ;) I hope to never have to connect here again (at least with luggage!).
2	Yeeaaah. If the Trudeau Airport were a Facebook post, I would not click 'Like.' Actually, I'd probably start a string of snarky comments meant to both make me feel really funny while also letting me dish out some hate for how silly this airport can be.For example...I've flown through here at least three or four times and have been exiled to the sad, old section/terminal that's far away from the comfy leather (well, pleather...let's be real) chairs and couches over by gates in the eighties. You know...the terminal that looks uh...passable with Moe's lounge and the Starbucks but quickly becomes the Trudeau dump once you make the four-day trek through unmarked hallways over to the newer area?Which at least means when you mourn the loss of your travelmates (fallen to causes like cholera or whooping cough, Oregon Trail style) you can nom on some plastic-wrapped sushi or reheated burgers.Yesterday I had the pleasure of walking the connecting-to-the-US flight path which can hereby be renamed Strip Search Alley as it takes you down a hallway separating you by frosted glass from the rest of humanity with no one else in sight for at least ten minutes. At that point you start to see guards, checkpoints, more frosted glass and all you can do is hope that your friends didn't get you on the No Fly list as a prank.Seriously. I figured I could expect either the rubber glove treatment or Ashton Kutcher in a trucker hat...I promise not to fight you on which Trudeau kid is your favourite so long as you agree that THIS Trudeau is hands down the dark horse in that race.
3	I do not get to this airport often. I guess I just have not seen alot of it.....but overall it seems a bit boring. Did enjoy a nice Rickard's Red at Houston's. The waitress there looked exactly like Sandra Bullock!
4	Maybe I'm being overzealous because I had such a great trip there, but I live in NYC where there are THREE whole airports and you can't get to ANY of them without spending $30-$50, or 1.5 to 2 hrs commuting.  It's a pain.  Now when an $8 bus swings by a block from my hotel every 15 minutes and takes me straight to the airport in abt 45 min... I'm impressed.  It's a good system.  Flew through security, had a pretty decent lunch there... lots of free wifi and ample electrical outlets.  What more can one want from an airport.
3	As a native said when I mentioned being at YUL: "I'm sorry. Enjoy the... nothing."Pretty much.  Unfortunately, my main experiences with YUL are for transfers.  There's not much here between cheap and ultra-pricey.  Except there *is* network access, hence the A-OK rating.  And I can still pretend I'm in Montreal.  Kinda.I stupidly ate at the quicky joint in the international wing.  blah.  Forgot I was flying Air France, where they give you better food than that place.  And wine.  And chocolate.  And port.  Oh, Air France, why must you remind me how badly US airlines suck?YUL's an ok airport for transfers.  My memories of arriving and departing are growing ever more distant, alas.  I need to fix that, but then I'll be spending the absolute minimum time in the airport possible.
4	Top wifi gratuit
3	I hadn't been to Montreal since I was a wee little one, so I really didn't remember much about the airport, although I did really enjoy the city. I landed in Montreal for a layover on my way to Spain (although not before another layover).It did the job for a layover. It was easy to go from Gate A to Gate B, but that's because it seemed like there really wasn't much at this airport.We were pretty hungry while we waited, so we went in search of food and found...Tim Hortons. Oh.Still - our first flight got in on time and our second flight left on time. We didn't run into any major problems, so beyond lack of food choices, this airport was, as a Yelp 3-star review goes, A-OK.
4	Free WiFi at the YUL and the $8 airport bus (includes a 24 hr unlimited metro pass) that takes you downtown has WiFi on it as well.  From that moment on, I knew I was going to like Montreal.On my flight out, I met far the friendliest airport security dudes ever - yes, I called them 'dudes'.  They are that cool.  I was going through airport security at about 6PM on weekday - there was no one in line at all.The baggage screener dude offered to help me load my gear onto the screening tray.  But a) I move with the economy of motion and inertia of Ryan Bingham through the airport and b) I'm an efficient Asian traveller.  So thanks... but no thanks.  Appreciate the offer though.I pass through the metal detector and it beeps.  Absolute first for me and I suppose it was a 'random' check since the line was so dead.  I opt for new fang-dangled millimetre wave scanner over the physical pat down.Hop in the booth, vogue in my sexiest pose and I'm cleared.  Through security in less than 30 seconds.  Once again - I was through airport security by the time you finish reading... this.One-star off for security dude commenting on my large frame and wanting to talk football with me after I passed through the scanner.  After being seen half-naked through the scanner, the last time I want to hear is another dude telling me how 'big' I am... and how most Asians are usually small.  PAUSE!But come on dude - just because I'm have an meso-endomorphic frame doesn't mean I care about the Alouettes.  Because I sheepishly admit (after persistent badgering) that I played a bit of football way back in the day in Vancouver doesn't mean I care about the Lions.  Do you ask all tall people about NBA scores?  Do you ask all midgets about horse racing?Oh well - solid airport named after the most badass Prime Minister of all time.  When I suit up, I always want some to ask me, "How far will you go?"...(points mic at the audience)... "JUST WATCH ME!"
1	There really is little to say about an airport. The food is alwaysoverpriced and they all get you to where you are going.HOWEVER, I would like to point out how much I did not enjoy myexperience at the pub restaurant in the airport. We thought we'd takedown a plate of nachos on our way back to NS. I figured based on theprice, we were looking at quite a plate.Oh Em Gee. If there were 22 nacho chips on the plate we were lucky. For reals.The toppings weren't even spread out throughout the nachos. They werejust plopped on top.To make matters worse? The water I was drinking had little black bitsfloating around. I know this isn't a representation of what food islike in Montreal, so the airport should shack up a poutine joint inthere.
4	The only thing I don't like about Trudeau Airport is the long ass walk to customs in the transborder terminal.I love the fact that after u go through US Customs and Airport Security there is a duty free store!! Y go to an over priced bar when u can make your own crown and coke!!!
3	This is my home airport so I am there often.  It's small, so not a lot of walking, you can get off the plane and into a cab within 10 minutes if you were just carrying on luggage.  If you need to wait for checked bags, they seem to be longer than most airports I've been in.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say it's because they are more careful with your suitcases than most!  ;)I agree with the comments that the food is not great, nor is there much selection.  I usually go into the AC lounge before my flight and it's very nice, clean, and offers basic food and beverages.I have a Nexus pass so I zip through security.  I don't have any experience in the "normal" line but it never seems to be overly crowded.The airport decor is a little dated and plain, but it does the trick!
4	I've only ever flew domestic in an out of here, to Toronto. I would come in with e-ticket in hand on my phone and head straight to the Porter desks. I could come in about an hour before the flight left, and still make it in time to grab a coffee and sit at the gates. Let's break it down. ARRIVALFor the Porter flight from Toronto, they enter and exit always at the same gate. I like the consistency, and I haven't found my home airports. You walk straight down to the luggage claim in the level below. I think they renovated since a few years ago, and someone was smart. Instead of circular carousels that take up tons of room, they put a double U shaped carosel that extends along the back wall. This frees up space in the middle for carts and things (which are free). Also, the conveyor is lower, and right at arm's height. There's no lip on the edge, so grabbing your bag is super easy. Walking staight, you can get to your modes of transport to the city. Taxis are $40 flat rateLimos are $49.50 flat rateSince there was a huge line up at the taxis (Friday night, 7pm) , we opted for a limo, which was about a 5 min wait. Well worth the extra $10. DEPARTUREI'm pretty sure most people check in online, and already have their boarding pass. This frees up the desks for people like me with luggage. But they also have self tagging luggage kiosks.Two entrances to the security line up. A and B. Once the line up at A was long and I thought I would be smart and go to B on the other side of the building. Turns out that's for international flights only and goes to another section of the terminal. E-ticket holders get a fast pass through the VIP/Nexus lane. I would grab a meal out side at MB&Co (sandwiches), Casey's, Harvey's and St. Huberts among some of the offerings. Inside, you only get Starbucks, some bar and some other bar, and a Tim Hortons. They also have a really nice gift store/magazines that sell some slick Brookstone gear. There's also a chair massage station, with fairly reasonable prices and issues receipts for insurance. 60 mins was $88. Staff here are friendly, helpful and efficient. Couldn't as for more. It's also not dominated by Air Canada, maybe that's why.
3	Free wi-fi is awesome, the Nexus security lane is fantastic and getting hit on by security every single time I am there is a bonus too, good for the ego. The Maple Leaf Lounge in the international terminal here is decent, clean and comfy. I only have two complaints about this airport: the death march feel of the long walk from the international gates to customs (seriously?) and god forbid if you check any luggage, it's like a 20 minute wait minimum for it to arrive on the belt even when your flight is the only one landing. On the bright side, the 747 bus into the city completely rocks and getting a taxi, even when it's -20 and snowing is a cinch.
4	I flew through here for the first time around the beginning of January with Porter and was pleasantly surprised. There was ample staff to handle the crowds and everything was well signed. It was a breeze getting to the Porter desks. The Nexus lane made getting through security a breeze. The "Rapidair" pier is quite long and the Porter gates are a bit of a trek from security. But I had plenty of time so it was a non issues. All the concessions are at the start of the pier near security, so be sure to get your coffee and what not before you head to the gate. There is ample seating at the gates, and the floor to ceiling glass walls give you a great view of all the airside operations. Arrival is just a straight forward. Well signed and easy to navigate. All in all a pretty good airport for what I used it for.
3	Montreal's airport as come down to many renovations, some are still going on. Monday's are really crowded, since all the business people are leaving. I can not judge the staff since each airline has their own personality. The airport is relatively clean, can not complain much for that. The mens washroom needed to be cleaned more often was unsanitary. When going by security to pass customs and security clearance make sure you follow the rules and that your carry-on's are free of liquids, gels, etc... to avoid delays and angry people behind you.Have a safe trip.
3	This airport is fine, a solid 3 stars, but there are some things about it that make it extra freakout inducing. I think the main thing is that it's easy to feel lost. You'll have long stretches of hallway and huge cavernous rooms where the signs indicating the next stop on your trajectory (customs, baggage, etc) are not visible, tucked around corners. Instead, everywhere you look there are red Sortie signs, except you know you can't actually Sortie by any of those directions, that would be chaos, those are for emergencies. Exits everywhere but no actual exits make my brain weep and melt, especially if I've been stuck after landing on the tarmac sucking fumes from an Air France jet that's been in my plane's parking spot for an hour. When I arrived at Dorval airport this Monday night at about 8:30pm customs was completely full, thousands of people in line, but no info desk or official person in sight. A girl in front of me was in total panic mode because she had to wait in the line before being able to ask anyone her questions about her connecting flight. To their credit, the few people actually working the customs desks stayed friendly, professional and prompt and the line moved quickly.In general, Dorval airport is a lot like most: over-priced food, a hodge podge of industrial design from decades past... and it's better than some in terms of it's proximity to the city, walkable size and solid wifi. Just practice your calming mantras and deep breathing and you'll be fine. Ah and one more note - because this airport is in the middle of a highly residential area NO planes can land here after 1am. If you get delayed, you're getting rerouted. Good luck with that.
4	Solid Airport, 4 Stars property.Compare to LAX , most of the airports can get high rating for their free WIFI, ease to transfer, and public transportation that actually take you to places that you needed to go.I like how big and spacious their immigration area and their baggage claim area is clean too.  People work hard to keep this place running in an efficient speed.  Would definitely recommend people to fly into YUL.
4	a little confusing at times to get around but overall not too bad! Make sure to walk past the main food court to find a little more options. That being said, it is still airport prices A.K.A 9 dollar sandwhich
3	Organized, clean, but sometimes a leeeeeeetle confusing to get around in. I too have encountered the long empty hallways that some other reviewers have mentioned. In my last flight out from here i missed the left turn to the area my gate was at. I knew i had a left turn coming up so i quickly realized my mistake: The empty, off-limits looking hallway was in fact the turn I was looking for, although i couldn't help but feel like i was still someplace i shouldn't be until i emerged from the hallway where the gates were!They get bonus points for free wifi (although that seems to pretty much be the norm now anyway!) but compared to other airports I've been in it seems a tad plain. I've been to airports with neat art on the wall, displays sponsored by local tourist spots and really grand architecture you've just gotta stop and admire, but i've yet to experience any of that here. I've only flown within Canada though, so it could just be that the fancy-shmancy stuff is in the international terminal!
4	I always thought it was good.. Properly indicated, the bar area is great.. Clean, modern.. Nothing bad to say
4	Love the cleanliness and organization of this airport! Kind of hate the food selection though. I was flying back from Berlin to LA, but had to stop here because of my travel arrangements. I was glad to have had some Canadian Dollars left so I could get Starbucks, and there was also free Wi-Fi, yay! They also accent U.S. Dollars, but there is a fee with it.I also liked that they did a pre-screening for individuals heading back to the U.S. That definitely saved me time before I needed to board. This check did take longer than I expected. They not only ask you for your passport, but they make sure your luggage arrived as well!I found the employees to be nicer than those at Toronto, as well. Also, their French Canadian accent did not affect my understanding of their English, or maybe I have lived in Europe too long without North American contact?Anyway, this is a great airport. Will consider using this as a layover spot when I head back to Germany.
4	This is world class (typical Canadian) airport at its best, very clean, organized, less drama, okay amount of food venues to kill 7hours flight delay thanks to our friends at Delta. Wifi is hit and miss sometimes, but heck I was there 7 hours, I'd expect much worse. It's hard adjustment to go to NY being so spoiled here.
4	I like this airport. While the hike from the planes to the Customs/Immigration hall is the usual death march (gotta rush or I'll be behind everyone else on my plane!), it's a nicely organized airport with plenty of food and drink and shopping options. Arrivals has a very large area that is neatly organized and much faster than the arrivals area at Calgary airport. Faster, with more agents!Signage is pretty decent and of course it is in English and French.There are at least three Air Canada Maple Leaf lounges, but I was only able to visit the one for "Domestic" flights. Maybe this weekend when I connect again, I'll try the "International" one.
3	I don't love the airport here in Montreal, but I don't think it is as bad as many people say it is. The lines can be long, but I've never really had to wait to the point of it being that bad. I think they could improve (if you've ever been through LAS, that's efficiency!).I like the free wifi, especially because there really isn't much going on in the US terminal and if you are like me, you arrive with 2-3 hours to spare and maybe have to wait an hour or more once you've cleared US customs. What I don't like is when they move the late travelers to the front of the US customs line. I'm sorry, but if you arrive at the airport with only 1 hour to spare for an international flight, you deserve to miss it!I like the new restaurant stands that serve a decent breakfast sandwiches, they are a welcome alternative to the 3 terrible sit-down places in that section of the airport. That said, 2 of those restaurants, Weinstein & Gavino's and Bagel Bar pretty much serve the same things for breakfast, so my choice is usually based on the line. The sushi place is very welcome and the sushi was comparable to what you find at sushishop.The rows of pleather seating at each of the gates really bother me, there are almost always 2 or 3 that are ripped, it looks terrible. You would think with the years of "beautification" taxes we've paid, that we'd have a classy looking airport. That said, I don't travel for the wonders of airports, I don't care as long as they are safe, I feel that the Montreal airport is fairly safe, and so, 3 stars.
3	Not too bad.  It's definitely a step up from the dismal abyss known as LaGuardia.  The customs people were uber-friendly during my visit and seemed to be much more laid back than those in the U.S.  What's the deal with that, anyway?  I'll drop a three-star blammo here in that it's not the best airport, nor the worst.
3	Nice clean airport with lots of healthily food options
5	clean and free internet!!!
4	I've increased my rating for this airport because:1) They seem to have repaired many of the chairs that were ripped up! In fact, I didn't spot any rip chairs at all. That is the way it should be,2) Those lovely terminals that process Canadians coming through customs. They are a freaking dream! The line when we were arriving back from Vegas was wrapped all the way back to the elevators, but us Canadians, a walk to a terminal, slip in your passport, slip in the customs sheet and your on your way out! How awesome is that!
3	This Airport is chaos Monday mornings!!!!  Sunday's are pretty chill!  Improvements to the newer US wing are nice!  The domestic side is pretty bland and drab and the lineup at Tim's is usually 10 - 15 people deep!  I'd say Dorval ranks in the middle of airports in Canada!  Definitely Vancouver tops the marks. Pearson is a cavernous fishtank but it would be nice if they did some elements to add more space at Dorval so it could compete in the same league!
3	Nothing too noteworthy about this airport.... just wanted to make one note.  Make sure you build in time to go through US customs in Montreal prior to boarding your flight.  Those that do a lot international travel are used to doing the custom shuffle through the long lines once they get back stateside.  Just a little difference....
3	My only experience here was flying in/out of the US terminal.  Arrivals were a breeze - you walk through a bunch of hallways to get to customs and get out of customs very quickly.  Departing from here really does take awhile - I would budget at least 2 hours.  We got there 90 minutes before our flight and cut it pretty close.  Basically, you go through security and then US customs so that once you're at your gate you're basically in the US.  Makes it easy when you get off the plane in the US, but adds extra time leaving Canada.  The security line was OK, but the customs line that follows was about 30 minutes of waiting.  The agent mentioned she had never seen anything that busy (it was mid-morning on a Monday)  but it's always annoying when there are 20+ gates, but only 4 are staffed.  Once through all of that there is a huge duty free area, gift shop and, from what I remember, a few coffee places, but the terminal seemed pretty small.  Transportation to/from downtown is very easy.  The 747 (cute name) bus goes right to downtown and for $8 is a great value.
4	YUL is a lot like my experience with Canada and Canadians as a whole: clean, polite, and all around pleasant. Truly, the only problem I had with the whole experience is the abysmal American Airlines, and that's on us. Every staff member I encountered was so very friendly. I'm sure it helped that the whole building seemed deserted, but everyone seemed to be casually chatting and laughing with co-workers, but never in a way that detracted from the job they had to do. It almost seems as though the staff were actual human beings, who were treated as such by their managers, and extended the same courtesy to us folks that were passing through.I don't know if these things change when the place gets more crowded, or if it ever gets more crowded...but with free wi-fi, outlets everywhere you look, and the most minimal of security hassles, I'll gladly fly through YUL whenever life dictates.
4	As airports go, this one is not bad.  what i like about it most is the size... relatively small, so you don't need to walk for ever or take a subway to get to your gate.   If you travel more than a couple of times a year, you should apply for the Nexus card to get priority line access for security and US customs!
3	Passed thru this airport last weekend and it was considerably quiet. It might have had something to do with the Super Bowl weekend, with less American tourists coming by, but still it was quite eerie. When I arrived at the customs upon arrival, the area was ABSOLUTELY empty! I've never seen so little people arriving via customs. The same could pretty much be said upon departure. The one really good thing is that if you're traveling between CAN and the US, they put you thru departure customs before arriving to the US so that you don't have to go thru customs upon arrival in the US. That saves ALOT of time!
3	Hey what can I say It's an airport.  It's not as easy to navigate as a small airport like Toronto Island, but at least isn't as massive as Toronto Pearson or Chicago O'Hare.It has everything you need to kill time before a flight like a Casey's in the domestic terminal for beer and food, a Tim Horton's and shopping.  Over on the trans boarder side there is a food court once you get through US Immigration, but tends to be a bit more blah... They need a restaurant on that side as well for extended connections.Parking is OK, ranging from the Park N Fly options and the short and long term airport parking.
3	One thing Montreal Airport has going for it: They know how to operate in the snow.  It was lightly snowing during both my arrival and departure, but there was no delay or problem with either flight.Other than that, I found the airport to be OK, but in need of a makeover.  Not unlike LAX, it looks like a convention center from the 1970s.I also found the signage to be a little confusing. For my departing flight, I followed the red maple leaf symbol signs halfway through the airport, thinking they lead to Air Canada flights. (That is their symbol). But it turned out to be for departures to other Canadian cities.  They could have just used "words" to make things clearer. I had to double back and ask someone.Food choices could have been better too. On my departure day, I passed by 5 sandwich shops, one pre-packaged sushi place, one bar, and one coffee spot.  How about a little more variety? (I'm not into sandwiches).They do have a convenient and very nice hotel attached to the airport, but that's another review.Dan's Airport checklist:-- Free Wi-Fi: Yes, through a very quick browser sign-in (4)-- Logistics and getting around: (3)-- Shops and amenities (3)-- Beauty and art: (2)
4	One of the nicer international airports I've been in. The custom agents are friendly and if you are leaving and have Nexus (global entry) it's a snap. Also many of the vendors will take American dollars and give you the normal exchange rate. Free Wi-Fi and convenient charging areas are a plus.
3	The airport itself is great; very clean and easy to get around. I had most of my issues with the staff. A lot of them being with the agents at American Airlines which I cant blame the YUL airport for but, I did still face a crazy hard time with customs here.I was questioned long and hard when I arrived and had to answer some really personal questions that I found to be irrelevant to my travel to the country. And when I returned to YUL to leave the country, the agent at the Bag Drop (not an AA agent) was extremely rude. I asked if he could help me lift my bag because I couldn't quite lift it myself and he stared at me and said "no". I felt so dumb trying to maneuver my bag onto the raised belt as folks lined up behind me. He just watched.On a plus side, every one else I encountered was very very nice. Security was also very kind and respectful. I loved the free Wifi
2	I had high hopes for this airport.  I mean, have you ever been to Vancouver airport?  Impressive huh?  Well, this airport is nice and sleek looking, and it has the usual concessions. but MAN, it's like everything moves in quick sand...so.....s..l...o..w......It is true that most of the people you encounter will be very nice and offer you attention and service, but save that for retail sales, not security or check in...yikes, I was certain I was going to miss my Sunday afternoon flight....and it was a Sunday, the airport wasn't even crowded.  Immigration into Canada was tough at this airport, actually, it was downright mean.  I didn't expect the third degree like I got it..... I mean, I'm just a California girl coming to visit y'alls province -- sheesh!
3	Nice airport, but connecting to the US is is pointless with NEXUS since one will go through the same routine as everyone else.
1	Inefficient, redundant, overstaffed  security process. I travel internationally for business all the time and this is by far routinely  the WORST travel experience, and for no particularly good reason.Catching the first am flight out of Montreal, between security and customs, I waited ~2 hours. Travelers beware: show up 3 hours before your flight for this airport.
2	Just an airport, nothing fancy. I've traveled around and have experienced way better. In terms of looks and decor, there is nothing remarkable, nothing to stand out. No art work, no design worthy of mention. There's nothing distinctive about it that makes you feel like you're entering Montreal or Quebec. Perhaps a few maple leafs to give you an idea that you've landed in Canada but that's it.I find this airport easy to get around with clear signs, it's not extensively large so I can't picture anyone getting lost if you can read English or French.Near the departure area I find that there is a lack of seating, when lines are long to check in luggage, especially for Air Canada, it would be nice to have a few extra benches so that the rest of your family can sit and wait. Having children run around all over the place isn't ideal.There is a free wifi now which is great. Last time I was here in 2010, it was for a fee.
3	This airport is clean and modern, and child friendly. Who ever came up with the idea of putting a huge wooden toy stand in the middle of the departures waiting area clearly does not have the pleasure to sit and listen to *clunking* and *banging* of wooden blocks being played with by children waiting to depart. Other than that, customs is a real joy to venture to. First you wait in a line with hundreds of others, then you self check yourself at one of the fancy machines, then you wait in another line to pass a customs officer so he can check your passport and declaration form, and then when you think you are home free, you get randomly selected to open up your bags in another room and questioned. ( I did not spend enough in Paris, so they were angry)!After that, if you had left your car there on your stay, the shuttle bus parked outside the airport takes you right there! Make sure you hang on to the handles on the bus, I face planted! One of the nicer airports!
5	I just read Ken's negative review of the Montreal airport, and I think he meant to write about the Toronto Pearson airport (not Montreal). I too had a horrid experience in Toronto, when connecting to Montreal (see my review of Pearson. It was disgraceful). In comparison, Montreal's PET Airport is a dream: there are plenty of signs and all the lines are clearly marked. There are plenty of people around to help you (I had to ask a few people if I was in the right line/area). Every airport worker we talked to was helpful and friendly. Every one! There were bathrooms every few steps, and all were clean and in working order. All the escalators and elevators were in working order. We never got in the wrong line, as the terminals were all well-organized and, again, well-marked with clear signs. Overhead speaker announcements, in French and English, were frequent and clear. This is how an airport is supposed to be.
4	Je t'aime, YUL.I've always had a positive experience flying in and out of here.  Getting through immigration upon arrival looks like it's daunting because the lines are so long but they move fast.  On the return trip, I've always been through security and immigration (for going back to the US) in 20 minutes or less.The immigration people are friendly (even when I was wearing some Maple Leaf stuff) and the place is clean and fairly well organized.Only drawback is if you're flying on a small plane, you have to go to a lower gate area and it seriously smells like jet fuel down there.  I was woozy by the time my flight was called.   Oh, also, it seems like you have to walk about 8 kilometers from the time you get off the plane until you get to immigration.  That irks me, but only because I'm lazy.Finally, the pickup spot for the 747 Express Bus to downtown is clearly marked and easy to find.  I'm a fan.
3	Timing is EVERYTHING at the Montreal International Airport. On arrival the queues for customs can be upwards of two hours - many flights arrive at the same time and they don't have the most efficient check in system so bring a book!On departure if you are flying in to the US you actually go through customs first, in Montreal, instead of when you land in the US, so you need to compete the customs form BEFORE you go through security. In some terminals dining options are scarce so don't be afraid to pack a snack. Happy flying!
4	Been here twice in the past month and will be here again soon. Been here many times as I come to Montreal for work from Vancouver. Things always go well, and lines for the gates aren't too long. Solid place, like any other airport and like everything in Montreal it is currently under construction hahah!
2	The Customer service in general falls 25 points in Quebec, so don't expect much on clear direction from airport personnel, even the  Customs officer misdirected us , at an international airport you would expect a little more cordiality. The first officer directed us to go down a line lane towards the security check after having cleared the first security check point and boarding pass and passport check.  I know this particular brilliant Madame Customs Officer saw us come from that lane, when we approached her, she asked if were were "connecting flight" in French we clearly were not French  speaking  since I said no and spoke to her in English that  were heading back to USA, but she kept asking and telling us to go to another connecting flights line, but when I insisted we were not "connecting" , I told her the other Customs officer told us to go down this line, then she began speaking in English which I guess made her look like the ass she was, she then said something  "I now how to do my job Monsieur",  and I looked at her like you could have fooled me!
4	I have only experienced the US gates here, but they're pretty nice. Arrival: You often have a bit of a hike, but there are moving walkways along the way. Every time I have gone through immigration, it has been very quick. Bags are also quite speedy, but I usually only have carry-on so not as much experience here. Rental cars are a bit of a walk, but not bus is needed, so that's a plus!Departure: Security can be really slow, and not all that friendly. Add extra time for said security checks! US immigration can be pretty crabby, but I have also come across really friendly US CBP people here. But these days I only do Global Entry, so that helps. There have a few Global Entry and a few NEXUS kiosks after security, off to the right. From here you exit in to a small but decent duty free shop. Prices aren't great. The whole departure terminal is very clean, bright, and open. Fast, free WiFi.
3	The international terminal didn't open its baggage or customs or security until 6 AM so there was a lot of people rushing to make a 710 or 715 flight; I was in disbelief.With that said, once open, the lines for all three went quite fast. The building itself was clean and fairly modern looking.
2	Getting to this airport by automobile is a logistical nightmare.. If you're unfamiliar with the area, don't speak fluent french, or have an aversion to endless orange traffic pylons, then you should make sure to cab there or find alternative means of transport.. If my complaint was purely about the roads leading to the airport, I would have posted my review elsewhere, but the lack of signage directing one towards the right place is so noticable, that one wonders whether theres some alternative agenda to either keep tourists in the city or preventing them from leaving the airport. I'm exaggerating of course, but the recent news headlines probing the corrupt ties between the mayor and his construction cronies seem all the more real as you see pylon after pylon and detour after un-signposted detour... most without any sign of any real construction going on, and with the net effect of causing extreme frustration.For the traveler this means plan your trip to the airport extra, extra early..because theres a good chance that you're going to experience delays in getting there and then miss your flight. If its early in the morning, leave even earlier because of the understaffed security checkpoints and long, long lines to get through. These lines tend to shorten towards early afternoon so you might want to plan flights accordingly..
4	The Montreal airport deserves 4 stars for the free internet access, rearly seen in other airports. The rest is well known for those who have to use it, the road infrastructure around it is messed up, the airport itself is in continuous renovations, but I still love it as it brings me to remote destinations and back home. For the tax free shopping lovers, perfume prices are the best.
3	I've never liked this airport however I can't for the life of me put my finger on why.  Right now it is undergoing construction which while annoying is not a reason to like the place.  Overall I guess it isn't the worst airport I've been too but something about it I still do not like.
3	On arrival, wow, what a walk from the gates to your contact with customs and then baggage.  On departure US customs was quick.  There are very few food choices though for those of us wanting to eat while we await our flight out.  Would have thought that an international airport at a major city would have a nicer airport with more choices.
4	I only transited through there but really enjoyed my short 3 hour experience there. The international transfer process was quick and simple. Although strangely a customs declaration form was still required for transit passengers. The airport was in the process of renovations so there were various constructions around but overall still fairly easy to get from immigrations/transfer to shops to gates. Free Wifi across the airport was a big plus especially to kill time before your flight.
3	How does one rate an airport, really? Trudeau airport does what it is supposed to do. Not more, not less. I don't get excited to go to the airport, I go because I need to be there in order to get where I really want to go. Trudeau is not particularly clean or dirty, it's fine. The decor is dated and renovations that are going on now seem to have been going on forever. When people talk about Montreal, they don't even mention the airport. As the old saying goes, there's nothing to see, here. As for restaurants, it is what it is. Does the trick. Have your mix of fast food and fast food that pretends to be better than fast food. It's all the same, really, which is fine, because who really wants to linger, other than those who have a 7-hour layover? Montreal's Trudeau airport deserves a very average 3 stars, helped by its free WiFi. I have never had trouble getting around, but that might be because I'm used to it, and nothing has changed. Boring.Hopefully they'll step up their game a bit, because I'm not inspired by all the "sameness" I'm witnessing despite paying $25 in Airport Improvement Fees for each fare I book.
2	This is the main airport in the Montreal area. Like others wrote, it just does what it's was building for nothing more. Since many years this airport in under construction and I have the feeling it will never stop. I agree that it's getting better then before but the problem with this airport is the space. They have reached the limits and they can't expend more due to the surrounding area.Like every other airport they offer shops and restaurants before and after the security check-in. One good thing they do offer free wifi which is quite helpful for those having to wait for hours. This time I found the airport cleaner then it use to be. That's a good sign! A big negative point is the lack of waiting seats before the security check-in gate. They are seats but most of them are linked to a restaurant so it means you need to buy something in order to seat there. I didn't have to wait a single minute to drop-off my bag, which was a surprise! I did have to wait about 15 minutes to go through security checks. I don't like the new "system" they've introduce. They have more security agents, more scanners but it took more times then before!!!! I don't get it.The airport administrator should visit the Zurich airport and take some notes! Unfortunately Trudeau airport is the only one for international flights so were are doom to use it.
3	The airport is nice and newer and has all the necessary conveniences.  It was easy to get around wasn't difficult to navigate.  I really like the fact that it was easy to get to downtown Montreal from the airport via their special, rapid bus that makes several stops throughout the downtown area.
2	In the world of airport travel, Montreal is not an ideal stopping spot.An airport that is perpetually in construction processes (my allergies of pine wood rejoice) and is as poorly placed signage as you can get. Almost as if they are trying to lose you within it. Somewhere in that place, there is an English speaking passenger, still sitting in the wrong gate, wondering when his flight is coming.In waiting for security cueing up, I noticed a bag full of things that looked suspicious.. the two security members I informed both looked at each other as if it was going to be the worst three steps of their lives to go look at this bag. (for all I know it's still there)Just a bad bad bad experience for an airport.
3	Location: Dorval, off the 20. Now, if you plan to drive there, be warned - it's a bloody pain in the ass to navigate through this place, much less figure out where to enter the various parking areas. The last time I drove, I went in and out of the airport THREE times before finally finding the entrance to the short-term parking (the $18/day lot) - and I only found it because I was at my wit's end and decided to enter through an entrance that may or may not lead me to where I wanted to go.  Heed my words: take a cab and preserve your sanity. The place: The pick-up and drop-off points are also a pain in the ass. First, space is limited in this 3-lane 'corridor' so cars tend to pile up while people get in and out of vehicles. Then you've got the airport security people harassing you to move it along before you even get out of the car. I mean HELLO, can I at least get both legs out of the car before you send the driver off? In terms of the airport itself, I find it messy. Even if you walk in to an empty airport, you still feel like you're walking into one big mess because there are ropes everywhere (I don't know what you call them - those straps used to form lines and thus, create an airport labyrinth in the process). I also don't find the signage to be very helpful - I almost always have to ask someone where to go to check my bags for X airlines.  The walk to Customs feels like you're walking several blocks only to find yourself in another ridiculously large labyrinth of strappy things. Maybe I just have an aversion to structure?When re-entering Canada, the walk from the terminal to Customs is SO long. I mean, really, they couldn't move it a little closer to the terminals? I find the airport to be clean, particularly since the renovations so no complaints there. It's lacking in decent shops and restaurants, and be warned - you WILL get ripped off on anything that you buy, including bottled water and coffee. I bring my own food now, and just get water. Better for the budget. There is a train that you can get into town, but at last check, it still wasn't linked up to the airport. You have to take a bus (or airport shuttle - not sure) to the train station. That's a bit of a pain too.  If you take a cab into town, it'll cost about $35 depending on where you're going. On my last trip, they still didn't offer free Wifi, which, in my opinion, is just silly.
4	The Air Canada folks here are top notch.  They do what they can to get you out of paying extra baggage fees for overweight luggage. The airport itself is nice enough, but involves a lot of walking.  It would be nice if they had the moving belts. We did manage to get through security pretty quickly and efficiently.
4	This airport beats most you'll find in the U.S. hands down. It's not a huge airport, but it's still a respectable size. Some of its charms:-Free wi-fi, no gimmicks or catches-Clean, spacious-Decent food options--by airport standards--in the U.S. terminal-Easy to navigateSome things to be aware of:-There is a separate terminal for U.S.-bound flights-You will go through U.S. Customs pre-clearance there in Montreal when flying to the U.S. Allow extra time for this! You will NOT go through Customs upon arrival in the U.S.-Flights from the U.S. arrive in the U.S. terminal but there is one central Customs area shared with the general International terminal and it may be a LONG walk to get there. Wear comfortable shoes!-When you go through security keep your boarding pass handy. You don't have to show your passport until going through Customs.-Put EVERYTHING in a bin to go through the X-Ray machine, even your rolling suitcase, backpack and/or laptop bagMy one complaint about this airport is that security can be really slow. At busy times you need to be sure to arrive early. You can check their website for current times to get through security. If you have a NEXUS card, make sure to take the NEXUS lane.Bon voyage!
4	Things that make me happy in an airport: free and easy to access wifi, hooks for bags in the bathroom stalls, clean bathrooms, clean floors in the terminals in case if ole' Brittany wants to crawl up and take a nappy poo on the floor, food options that are reflective of where we are (ex. for Montreal being Poutine, macaroons, syrup, smoked fish, etc.)One note: passing through customs was slightly confusing with gobs of rows and marked off areas but only a handful of people.
2	You flew here and arrived from out of Canada.  You will walk about 1/2 mile through walkways that have non-operational moving floors.  You will wait a minimum 30 minutes to go through customs.  There are 6 maybe 10 customs agents servicing a few hundred people.People with connecting flights will be moved through right before you.None of the signs make sense.hopefully this will make your arrival into this airport better.
4	Listen, planes land here to bring you back to your loved one, and they take off to bring you to your destinations. You have to say - when you walk in here it feels like there is *always* something that is under construction or being expanded. That's perfect - brings in extra economy for the local businesses, but it would be nice to 1 day see a completed airport :DOf all the times I have been here - never have I had a sense of being lost. The airport is easy to walk and get around.To avoid long security waits - look into getting a Nexus card (if eligible).
3	No real complaints about this airport. Had a five hour layover here and all the signs made it pretty simple to pick up our checked bags, go through customs, out, and back through security.  Not sure if it's a slow day but it's pretty slow with no real lines. Wish they had more shopping/stores selection on the domestic side.  They have food options outside security and in.  Decided to take our chances and get food after we checked in so we could keep our drinks. Free wifi which is a plus, but I have a data plan so that doesn't make a difference to me.My husband decided to get a burger and fries from Moe's and I got a chicken sandwich from Tim Horton's.  All food is overpriced but all food in airports are.  No wow-factors here.
3	This is my second experience at the Montreal airport. This morning, the US Airways staff decided to stroll into work late, leaving a line of passengers with nowhere to go and in confusion. It was even more frustrating when the other airline employees didn't know where they were either. But, once I got my bag dropped off, it was very easy to get through security and customs. It's nice that you can go through US customs here instead of having to do it once you get into the states. Saves time on the back end.
4	It's a nice airport. Beautifully built & clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. I love the free wifi but we only have an hour window to use the internet.In the waiting spaces, the chairs are decent. There are more comfortable chairs as well.  Some options for eating & shopping are available.Getting to the airport is struggle though, but it's nice that it's next to highway and close to the West Islanders.Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this airport.
5	This airport is small for an international airport but its one of the nicer ones! I was in and out of security and didn't expect to be done as fast as it  was, even though the line wrapped 2 times.
4	There is free WiFi now. Helpful for domestic flights passengers who have to wait longer as all go through the same security gates...
3	Nice to be back home...has some problem with Nexus check-in machines...Staff was most helpful and understanding
3	Clean airport, pretty easy to navigate. When coming from the States, getting through boarder patrol was a big confusing on the signs. We had a connecting flight to another airport in Canada before flying to Europe. Europe being the final destination. So at first we queued in the international transfer line, but that wasn't the right one. We should have gotten in the Canada domestic line. Confusing signage. Nobody assisting at the start of the lines to help guide people either.
3	YUL also known as Pierre Elliott Trudeau or Dorval is Montreal's main airport on the island of Montreal sort of on the west side.  There are quite a few ways by ground to get to YUL but the main route to the terminal buildings from entry near the 20 and 520 (Cote de Liesse) which is sort of like a service road.  There's a lot of construction near the entrance so if you have an outdated GPS be prepared to just go by the signs instead.The main building I'm not going to lie.  It looks like an old 1960's building or Catholic school or something like that from the outside.  That or a hospital.  The inside is not so bad but it sort of looks dated.  The airport is broken up by the kind of flight you are going to: International, US and domestic.I've not flown out of here on the non-domestic side but the domestic side really doesn't have a lot as far as choices to go eat and things that you'd expect in a big city like Montreal.  The only place on the domestic side I've sat down to have a meal/drink is Moe's and while it is OK, it's not superb.Besides that this place is a little of a distance to get to the terminal from the car rentals because it's a bit of a walk to and from as you go through some turns through the parking garage.  There are counters for the rental agencies and then kiosk huts in the garage that will set you up as well.  If you're preferred in some cases you can go straight to the kiosks in the garage without having to wait in line at the counters.Like all the other airports in Canada I've been to this one too has free wifi.
4	Airport its self is decent felt like a ghost town on Saturday morning at 9am...much nicer than my home airport (LaGuardia). Airport screening staff extremely pleasant and accommodating....everything was a breeze to get through.
4	The U.S. departure lounge is nice and finally has a decent selection of food.  I just wished the restrooms had paper toilet seat covers and paper towels.  This mornings, the hand dryers weren't working so everybody was leaving the men's restroom with dripping hands.
5	Fast and easy the Toronot gate wAs a bit far And the ladies at the porter staff was great and fast and security are watch lovers too I think I sold couple watches at the gate
4	The airport personnel were very helpful during our stop going to and from Europe last September.  Very organized and clean.
4	Nice airport!  Everything from the washrooms to the baggage claim to the seating areas were very clean!Thought it would be very busy because we arrived close to 5pm!  Got into Customs, and there was absolutely no lines.  Talk about great timing!Would gladly fly into this airport again in the future based on this one experience.
4	Pretty good airport, easy to navigate around, good facilities, clean, friendly staff, free wifi, and overall a decent airport. Short term and long term parking is available.
1	Whoever manages this joke of an airport should be fired for their incompetence. If they aren't incompetent they are willfully negligent. Flying air canada for the past five years and more to pass to the US is a joke. Terrible signage. Security guards and baggage people telling you to pick up your bags and go thru customs; the airline telling you don't have to. Miscommunication; misinformation. Long lines. Staff who couldn't care less. No food stores to buy food for my son for the connecting flight (in the rare instances when I do make my connection thru the nightmare transfer system). It's like they are trying to punish anyone flying from another country or Canada to the US. It's almost as if whoever runs this place have no experience running anything except a poutine stand.
