4	Good selection, attentive staff. Awesome sales!
4	I always find some great deals on cute clothes form my daughter.
3	My favorite things at Old Navy are their tees, tanks, and pajamas.  They have a big selection of jeans, but you have to commit to trying on a whole bunch before you find the right fit/style.  It seems like you could even grab two or three of the same size/style and they'd still all fit differently.This location does carry maternity clothes, but don't look in the women's clothes section - the maternity clothes are in the other corner of the store, with the baby clothes.
4	I haven't been to Old Navy in who knows how long but my sister was looking for baby clothes and decided to stop in this location today. I was impressed by the organization of the store. Working in retail myself, I understand that it can be difficult to maintain a big box store such as Old Navy. The racks were easily shoppable and neatly organized, well done management team and associates.We shopped the baby and toddler clothes department but didn't find very many options. My sister found a cute maternity top on sale and I was impressed with the selection of maternity jeans. On our way out I wasn't really looking but I found a really nice vintage inspired ACDC tee for my fiance. I was very happy with this find.The cashier who helped my sister and I was very nice. She was cheerful and seemed like a very happy and positive person who was very pleasant. I would definitely shop here again. For basic tees, jeans, dresses who knows, but the customer service and organization on this visit was top notch.
2	Small selection for women compared to other Old Navys I've been to. Not impressed with the service either. Long lines and when I asked about a sale sign no one could seem to tell me what exactly was on sale... Wont be visiting this one again unless I need to buy for kiddos.
5	Walked in during the holiday rush to find my little sister red dress shoes to go with her Christmas dress. Had been to 3 other stores... Found them within 5 min of walking in. Call it luck, call it forsight on Old Navy's part that little girls would need red dress shoes during Christmas time (duh) and they were the ONLY store all season where I saw anything of the sort, believe it or not!  Was in and out in less than 15 min, even with the line! They were a little pushy about their company credit card...STILL 5/5 all the way!Ps. Online I also got GREAT wide calf boots which I also spotted at this store AND I got free shipping :).
1	Why are your lines so long? Worked in retail for many years and really think you can do better.
1	The selection here sucks. This one is pretty much just a kids store. The only items that were really offered to women were just a few tank tops, and some work out clothes. There was nothing cute. I generally don't shop here, but I went in one day to buy a few gifts for my cousins since they shop here often, and I was not impressed at all. The lines are very long too. I waited for a good chunk of time only to purchase a few items.
4	Great sale going on right now...hard to find sizes sometimes because everything is mixed. Good deals and good quality clothing.
2	Cranky cashiers tonight. That and they didn't know their own deals or qualifications. "This is 40% off with Old Navy card right?"  ...looks at other cashier who doesn't know.... "Did you see a sign? Then yes."  Annoying. Won't come here again.
