2	This one seems a bit more crowded than the location on Eastern, but that also means the selection is quite large. It's often impossible to find the same item in a variety of sizes, so good luck! It's pick and choose. If you're lucky you can find some great deals on items to update your wardrobe with. I haven't spent enough time in this one or had any luck finding any clothing in this location, but I'll give them another shot. Navigating the racks can be awkward because they're so cramped together and the signs aren't always easy to find. The traffic around the shopping center can get fairly congested at certain times throughout the day, so it can be a little harrowing trying to leave the parking lot. Lots of security guards making their presence known here when I went.
3	Ross is the kinda of store, that is always over crowded with merchandise and it's usually all strewn around. The stores are usually messy and difficult to navigate through, especially if full of shoppers. Today I came in looking for some new pillows for my bed. They usually have a nice selection and are fairly priced. I wasn't disappointed. I also found a couple of new tops and some other household items despite the messy isles. I think you can pop in once a week or so, you are likely to find a lot of good bargains, but then you must consider which store you visit, it's location and the time of day you are going, because that can make or break your success.
3	I used to shop at this one so very much early on but the store has gone downhill in recent years. It's crowded, so the lines are long (my husband hates that), and parking is a little awkward. I don't like screaming kids when I shop, so when there is a lot of it, I can't enjoy the whole shopping experience. Add parents who let their children run around screaming to the mix, and it's awful. In addition, this one seems really messy too. Read: some of the customers just throw things down anywhere and everywhere. The last few times that we've been here, we really did not find anything, so we've pretty much avoided this store altogether. I will add though, that the security guard at the front of the store, gives the appearance of a more safer shopping environment.
5	I'm deeply "5 stars" In love with Ross simply because It Is the only store that I can trust to provide me with popular name brand shoes and purses at MarVelouS prices ALL the time, I don't have to worry about not being there on time on they day they get new shipment In because there's always something left even after the rush. This location Is right In the middle of the city, not too far from the strip but far enough to avoid the "Tourist Rush", although you still have to deal with pushy shoppers and children urging attention, I still enjoy shopping here.My most memorable purchase were a pair of black "Chinese Laundry" Low-Heel shoes with suede roses for 12 bucks!!!
2	As an avid Ross shopper, I am willing to try just about any store. This location isn't one of the better ones. They are large and have a lot of inventory, but the downside is that it's not particularly well-kept or organized. There are always lots of things laying on the floor. I wasn't particularly impressed with the customer service either. I bought quite a few pieces of clothing as as the cashier was putting them in the bag she just balled each of the pieces up and stuff it in the bag.
3	I personally have never found anything in this particular store that I wanted. I always go needing to find a dress or item for a particular event, and they never have my size. They do have lots of clothing, but never anything in my small size. My fiancee on the other hand always leaves the store with a bag full of goodies. For household/kitchen stuff, I can always find a good deal on the things I need.
