5	Oh my!  Not often do I end a meal with a big old "Mmmmmm!"It was actually more of a Mmmmmm grunt, but anyway.It was my first experience with Chamorro Cuisine (Guamanian).  I  hope I have all of that right...I am hooked.  The dressing for their house salad which is a fresh cut cole slaw is so good I wish I could drink it.  All of the time, everyday.The BBQ chicken (thighs---yum!) were tender & delicious.  It was marinated in a soy based marinade that was just ever so sweet.  The chicken was cooked perfectly too.  The red rice was great as well.  Sticky, with great flavor and color from the achote seeds no doubt.The Pancake a la Mode was huge & it looked ever so indulgent.  A 3 person job easily.The decor is minimal & bright.  Very island.  As is the music & the wonderfully friendly, personal service. Run, don't walk for an unforgettable experience in a town that has as much variety as...oh I don't know.  Just go...
5	Brilliant food and more importantly, fantastic service.   I have only been 3 times, but I think I've found a new favorite restaurant in town.  Darrell has been at the counter every time, ready with a recommendation and bragging about this homemade sauce or that homemade dressing.  All the bragging is well earned, however and his recommendations haven't missed yet.  I've tried the beef bowl (great) and the Mongolian Beef (best I've ever had) and have been very happy.  Darrel and his brother who's name I did not catch (but you'll see him in the back cooking your meal) are great folks and though the place has a decidedly COOL feel, I (not cool) feel comfortable in there every time.If you're in a great hurry, be sure to tell Darrell, he will find something that can be made in time for you to get where you're going.True Island has the kind of food and great service that this part of town needs.   I expect them to be around for a long time.
5	So, thanks to Yelp -- again -- I bookmarked this when I read Daniella S's review -- but even though I'd reviewed Greek Village Cafe (right next door and down from Le Golosita!!!) I oddly couldn't figure out where the restaurant was located (go figure...it's been a tough and busy coupla weeks...)  Anyway, headed over today for a bite of lunch.  Had made a note of Andrew's comments about Darrell behind the register and his brother at the grill.   Darrell, as Andrew noted, is a gem.  I was sold before even ordering -- actually, when I told Darrell I was a first timer, he actually ordered for me.  When I told him about his yelp reviews, he was stunned...didn't know he was already a legend.  So the chicken thighs I had -- although since he didn't know me...he didn't realize that I'd come for the red rice and didn't need to baby step it from white rice up to red rice...but that's what he did.  Oh, btw, that slaw really is fab -- as is the dipping sauce with the chicken -- but ya know what caught my eye was that dish that's the cold chicken, hand pulled thing -- I don't know what it is -- but Darrell will -- I didn't get to taste it today but what a smart dish to have when it gets nuclear here.  Darrell seemed to know all his customers today -- except me -- he hugged in with everybody and they all loved him, it was clear.He told me that his brother was the exec sous at McCormick & Schmicks for the last 10 years or so -- and went to culinary school prior, so he's got his stripes.  This place has lots of things going for it -- for their first location.  So folks, head over, tell em BK sent ya -- give Darrell a big ol hug, tell him you're a Chamorro virgin and let him order for you, too - you won't be disappointed -- just make sure you let him know you want that red rice...it's that good (but it needs a squeeze of lemon and that sauce -- wow...)
5	I've been lurking on yelp for awhile now, just reading reviews, getting suggestions, etc.  But after trying true island bbq today, I decided to man up (woman up?...whatever, you get the gist) and start posting.  Why? Because this place is ridiculously good!  Like others have said, Darrell is fantastic.  Very friendly and quick with the suggestions :)  I had the shish kabobs with red rice (8.75), and it was worth every penny.  Darrell was nice enough to put the hot sauce and salad dressing on the side for me (I didn't even have to ask) since I got my order to go and that hot sauce!!  Tart, garlicky, spicy...amazing.  Everything was super fresh and delicious!  So hurry up, don't just meander along, and get yourselves over there.  If not, I'll prob. end up eating everything before you get there.
5	I come to True Island BBQ everytime I visit my Red Mango.  The food is very fresh and tasty.  Establishment is always clean.  I love the tangy/garlicky sauce that comes with the BBQ and the red rice.  Love the short ribs and the chicken.  Staff is very friendly and its worth the wait.  Darryl, the owner makes everyone feel like family, island style.
5	Not much to say that hasn't already been said... thank you Yelp for putting me onto this to this place and giving me a new favorite lunch spot. I had the chicken my first time and the beef my second time. Both were amazingly good, with the slight edge going to the BBQ Beef.
4	First let's get the bad out of the way... why I had to take off the star...*I call yesterday at approximately 7:45 PM to ask when they close. The guy answers the phone and says 9 PM. Ok perfect, I leave the house and get there just after 8 PM. The owner is standing outside and says they just closed for the night. HUH? He is nice enough to give me a business card with his name on it good for an undisclosed discount next time.. however I'm still annoyed I left the house after calling only to arrive at a closed restaurant. *Arrive tonight around 7:30 PM. Turns out the surprise discount is a soda.. ok, whatever. My disappointment tonight is that it's only 7:30 and their famous mongolian beef is already gone. Hrm, sucks that they were out. Ok with the bad out of the way.. on to the good. We tried the BBQ chicken and BBQ beef. Both were quite tasty and I loved the red rice. I think the prices are a tad on the high side, but the quality was good, so whatever.
1	Horrible service. We went in tonight, a full HOUR before close, and we were greeted by an unshaven lout wearing a backwards baseball cap.We were denied service because he didn't feel like serving any more tables. (His exact words were "Sorry. We're closed. I've served my last table.")When I informed him that it was still an hour before close, he mumbled some excuse, and ushered us out the door. EXTREMELY unacceptable service. With the attitude they presented, hopefully people stop coming to this place and it goes out of business. We know we sure as hell won't be returning to a place that refuses service simply because the staff don't feel like doing their JOB.
3	I really hate doing this.. I like this place and want it to do well, but damn 3 strikes and you lose a star. 1st strike: you closed the kitchen at 8 PM when you close at 9 PM. Clearly from reading Tiger's review I'm not alone on experiencing this issue!!2nd strike: You're out of mongolian beef at 7:453rd strike: You're at of WHITE RICE at 7:30. how hard is it to make a fresh pot? seriously. We ordered take out last night at 7:30 last night, and they informed us they were out of white rice. I do prefer red rice myself, but my bf wanted white and honestly at 7:30 you shouldn't be out of a main ingredient. When we arrived to pick it up at 7:45 they were closing the kitchen.. the place closes at 9.. WTFThe BBQ beef we had last night wasn't as good as I remember it.. it was VERY bland, boring, etc. HOWEVER, I do recommend an off the menu item called mongolian chicken. It is crisp, tasty, etc... even better than the mongolian beef. I don't recommend the sesame chicken.. it's just freaking boring chicken wings. If I go there a few times issue free, I'll give them their star back.. but honestly this is getting ridiculous! I know they are new, but quit closing the kitchen at 7:30 and running out of things! I will give them another chance, but only because the monogolian chicken!
2	Good food but LOUSY service.  Went here September 11, 2008 with three co-workers for lunch.  The food was pretty good, but the service was rude enough to make me stay away in the future.  I ordered the BBQ Beef meal, which comes with rice and salad, and a side order of BBQ Chicken breast.  The chicken was excellent, definitely the highlight of the meal.  The BBQ Beef was good but not great, the rice was typical white rice, and the salad was essentially coleslaw.  The meal cost about $12-$13 without my drink (would have been about $8-$9 had I not ordered extra meat).  But the big surprise awaited us after our meal.  One of my co-workers ordered the Sesame Chicken meal.  The menu gives you no indication that it's actually chicken WINGS rather than regular chicken, and my co-worker doesn't eat chicken wings.  When the owner (Darrell), who also waits the tables, came to pick up our empty plates my co-worker stated that had she known they were chicken wings she would have ordered something else.  Darrell's amazing reply:  "Well, you didn't ask!"  We were floored.  When my co-worker continued, he rudely and in a snotty tone of voice blew her off with "Ok, whatever, I'll take your complaint to heart and maybe put it on the menu" or something like that before abruptly walking away.  Don't know if he was having a bad day or what, but it was rude.  And I probably won't be back.  The quality of the food, while acceptable, was not enough to overcome this kind of service.
3	It is good food but, I got annoyed the last time I went because it was ten til close and I could only get to go and that's what the owner said to me.  It seems a little a-hole of me but, I was craving red rice and didn't want to take it to go because then I would have to eat in the car.  WTF.  hell no.if your the owner you would think to be more accomodating but, I guess he had someplace to be.  looks like a breakdance competition from what he was wearing. well, would I go back there again and give it another chance?nah, there's 1 million restaurants on eastern.  I'll go to someplace more accomodating.  there's know point in spending money there and just reinforcing bad habits for the owner.  Or maybe I will, there food is pretty good but, I'm in love with Ross J's right now and they are accomodating.
3	I have been back to this place several times since and have received acceptable service each time.  Perhaps it was an isolated experience the first time.  My co-worker who was treated rudely, however, has sworn not to return.
4	i really like this place.  Service has always been great for me.  I like the fact the place (music, decor, food) reflects the personalities of the owners.  I wish the prices were just a bit cheaper, but i go there often anyway.  The food is just too good.
4	nearly perfect - nearly. island style eats, with a hip hop twist.the GRUB:- bbq chicken - marinated in a rich soy based sauce with some island loving mixed in - so good yo...- bbq steak skewers - not as tender as the chicken - but grub worthy nonetheless - same marinade, same results - delicious.- side of filipino style vinegar, chopped garlic, and soy sauce mix - for dipping the meaty morsels of char grilled goodness.- why have white rice, when you can have GUAMANIAN RED RICE - please have this delicious treat when you come here.- oh, and who doesnt like lumpia? sucka free.- greens for the salad eating white girls, i suppose.the JOINT:- straight hip hop.- clean and well light- enough tables inside and out for dining.the SQUEEZE:- what you expect for some of the best Guamanian / Chamorro style bbq- cash is good- plenty of paking in the strip mallknocked a star off for not having the chicken kiloguen on the menu like back in the day - word.
4	I finally tried this place today.  I had the Fiesta Plate, which has BBQ chicken, BBQ beef on skewers, rice and salad.  I opted for the Guamanian Red Rice (the guy suggested half red and half white since it was my first time trying it).Everything on my plate was outstanding.  I enjoyed the red rice, but I think I will continue to get half and half; it's just a good combination.  The chicken was perfectly cooked.  The beef was good, but not as tender as the chicken obviously.  Finally, the salad dressing was delicious on both the salad and as a dipping sauce for the chicken.
4	I'd give this place 5 stars but Nah!!! How they gonna take kelaguen off there menu?!? Whaaaaat! Other than that everything there is awsome!!! Salad dressing is bomb!! Red rice... Mmmmmm!! Oh and I think they could not charge so much... I guess they're prices ain't that bad cuz I keep going back!
5	What's not to like? I had flashbacks to the food I had when I lived on Guam 30+ years ago. We shared the lumpia - I had the fiesta plate with BBQ Chicken and the beef shish-ka-bob. And red rice. Kelaguen is off of the menu unfortunately. Friendly and great service. This is one of my favorite places to hit in Vegas when I'm in town.
4	Reasonably priced w/ chill laid back atmosphere and finadeni = awesome.
5	Any issues from the past seem to have been resolved! We're officially regulars and I love the food. Mongolian chicken with red rice is my favorite. My fiance is obsessed with the BBQ beef. Both the chicken and beef seem to be of high quality and less chewy than meat dishes at other hawaiian or asian type places around town. Try it - you'll love it. Definitely stick with the red rice!
5	i work on top of this place man.. and it will probably become a habit that I eat at this place when I want TRUE island bbq! :P (pun intended)the first time I walked in, homeboy.. (literally homeboy.. co owner mans the front and dude is a cool guy)he totally makes u feel at home and again.. is just a cool guy. anyway, homie explains in complete and full detail 1 the menu2 the combosand 3 the way they grill their food as opposed to other grills.... definite plus. I didn't have to ask any questions.portions are awesome.. perfect and doesn't lead into a coma.it's not heavy.. it's rightred rice and kaleguen is a must try..decor is comfortable.  like their selling hip hop threads and not BBQ..it's clean.. and now that it's cooler u can chill outside and eat. score! 2nd time I came he made us a dope citrus soy dipping sauce for our kalbi..AAAND taught me how to make it..much appreciated friend!
4	My first time trying Guam BBQ.  Really good food! Feels healthy too, unlike  L & L which has deep fried meats full of fat. The food is kind of a cross between Thai BBQ and Hawaiian BBQ.  They suggested that I get their fiesta plate with the red rice. It's their most popular dish and after taking a bite of it, I can see why. Their menu is not as diverse or as big as L&L's but the quality of food is definitely better. Their prices are slightly higher as well with plates at around $8-$10Will definitely come back and eat here again next time I am in Vegas.
5	Awesome.  Guam.  Food.  (And no, it's not Texan BBQ... totally different.)This place has some of the best food I have ever eaten.  For everyone I have brought here, the mahi was the best mahi they have ever had.  For you gluten free folks out there, the blackened mahi is gluten free, and the way to go.  So good.  Every time I get back to Vegas, this is ALWAYS on my list.  Darrell, the owner, is super cool and super nice.The prices are very reasonable and a definite place to go to.  It's a little out of the beaten path for tourists, but worth your time.  The hours are a little weird, on Sundays and especially around the holidays, so be sure to call ahead.JUST GO!
4	Great food and great service! I've been to this place several times already. I just can't get enough of that RED RICE. Guam BBQ is true BBQ (no pun intended). Only drawback is that the food is pricey.
5	Went here the other day on a suggestion from a friend who's in Vegas a lot on business... Am I sure glad that I listened to him. I was told it was a little bit of a drive from the strip but I assure you, True Island BBQ is worth it. Guamanian food. Loved it. Definitely felt at home at this place... Let me tell you why.One of the things I first noticed and liked while deciding what to order, was seeing some classic t-shirts in picture boxes lining the wall. Classic to me cause I had 3 of the shirts that were up there. Anyone familiar with Undefeated, Upper Playground and Undercrown will know what I'm talking about. Those are just the shirts that I had... Other nice ones were up there too. Nice touch. I immediately liked the vibe of this place.Second and the most important was the food... My friend said to try the red rice with our entrees and I did. DELISH... I had the bbq chicken plate with red rice and small salad. Immediately tried the red rice and I knew we made the right call to come here. The chicken was very tasty. Grilled just right. Accompanying salad had a very good sweet dressing on it.. I usually take pics of my food (especially my first time there) but was so hungry that I forgot. And I regret it... Two of my friends had the fiesta plate and another had the salmon. With red rice, of course. Also ordered appetizers... The lumpia was so good. Comes with sweet chili sauce for dipping. Slightly larger than your average. Delish... And my friend ordered the gyoza. And just as I finished telling her that all the fried gyoza i order in LA is never cooked through like the ones I grew up eating in SF, we get served up gyoza JUST the way I like it. At last!!! Smiles...Third reason is Darrell. Very personable character... He schooled us in what to order and was on point with all of his suggestions. He suggested we pour some of the ginger soy dressing on the red rice to kick it up and he was right. He said to try it on the grilled meats and we did. Winner. Thank you.Fourth reason. Sade was playing on the radio while I was waiting for my food. To me... that is ALWAYS a sign of legit establishment. HAHA. I will be coming back here the next time I'm back in Vegas. Guaranteed.Try True Island BBQ... Your taste buds will thank you. Then you will thank me. Tell Darrell I sent you... And order the red rice. Enjoy.
5	I was born and raised in Guam for 12 and a half years and I was there for the summer in '08 so I know what real chamorro/guamanian food is like and this restaurant isn't a imitation its the real thing. I saw there ad on the news paper and I went there the very next day. Even though its pretty far from my place, its worth it. Definitely felt like home. This is like that only Guam restaurant I know in Vegas that didn't close down. Kudos they had this restaurant for 2 years now. The red rice, bbq, and everything else is badaaaass! I wish they still had the kelaguin though. lol. Half the plate and I'm already full. There desert is so delicious. Very creative and a good mix. The only thing that sucks is that its a 40-45 min wait for your food so I would like, preorder on the phone 30mins before you go to the restaurant then your all good. Oh and the brothers who own this restaurant, very cool. While your waiting for your food they like conversate with you and they like to travel a lot so they give you a lot of good tips.
4	Hafa Adai Maybe you heard of True Island barbecue then maybe also you heard it's just about the only Guam restaurant around. And if you want Guam then you got to go. Having been raised there, I have fond memories of the island, and red rice is one of them. Other than having someone who knows the recipe (like a person from Guam) give it to you, it is that damn hard to get ahold of some. Ive tried making it, but forget it! It just tastes like regular rice that happens to be red(orange). It'd be easier to transfer a cake onto the judge's table.They serve the type of food that makes you tell yourself to hold back. Prices won't break the bank, and no matter with what you choose, no worries; it's not a bad choice. People are right. The owner is very nice and very accommodating, every visit is a welcome one.It's as though you don't want the word to get out on this place, almost like a secret. A secret you share only with your closet friends, except that one friend that nobody likes(Bryan).But you want them to do well and expand, it'd be great if they had another location, but until then, get a taste of Guam.
5	Once you walk through True Island's doors expect delicious food and great service. My coworkers and I are regulars and our favorites are the various barbecue plates with the red rice and salad. Also, True Island recently started to accept catering orders, so that was truly a great change because they were able to cater a few meetings for us. We always have a huge turnout at meetings when we let folks know we have True Island BBQ. When I have friends or family who come into town from San Diego or the Bay, I always take them here & during each & every one of their following visits, they request that I bring them to True Island. This should be on folks' lists of places they need to stop in when they visit Las Vegas.
2	If you find your self having to make use of the lavoratory do make sure to check that toilet paper is available before doing your business.Food was ok.
4	I tried True Island BBQ today after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. My usual strategy is to toss out the "this place sucks" reviews and the "OMG BEST FOOD EVAR" reviews and read the others. I had to go.I ordered the fiesta combo, but I mentioned to the gentleman behind the counter that I have a weakness for short ribs. He suggested that I could add the short ribs as an extra meat to the combo. Genius. It was SO good. It's hard to pick any one thing I liked the most. The chicken was moist, tender and had excellent grilled flavor. I'm pretty sure it was thigh meat. Excellent.The beef kabob was tasty but not quite as tender as the chicken or the short ribs. I liked it, but I think the short ribs won me over.The short ribs were (searches for adjective) delicious and slightly sticky, just the way I like them. So flavorful. I was only introduced to this style of grilled short ribs a year or so ago, and I'm a huge fan now. This was the first time I'd eaten red rice, but I thoroughly enjoyed it, especially with the coleslaw/salad. That dressing could make pebbles and twigs tasty, I think.All in all, it was an excellent, nicely-priced, late lunch. Although they were out of most of the appetizers on the menu, I didn't mind so much. I haven't had many meals better than this recently. I'm only in town for a few days, but I have to go back.
5	Holy sh*t I'm so sad.  Drove by today and the whole place completely empty.  Closed!  No more Red Rice AKA Crack (just so addicting and delicious)!  No more Mongolian Chicken and BBQ Chicken with grill marks unlike certain Hawaiian BBQ places that serve BBQ Chicken.  Darrell was a cool kid and took care of me everytime with that extra salad dressing.  Just goes to show you no matter how good the food is any place can shut down at any time in this economy.  I'm hoping they moved to another location.  I'll be on the look-out if I find out anything!  In the meantime, I need to find a recipe on how to make that Red Rice.  Damn damn!
3	Closed shop for good.  The food was good, I'll miss the BBQ chicken platter.  But customer service was often lacking.  Hopefully Darrell will learn from some of the accounts of poor customer service.  Aside from everything I've both read and posted here, I had a group of friends that used to go there a couple times a week for lunch.  One day one guy tried to pay with his credit card and Darrell said he wouldn't take it because you had to order $10 of food and the guy's bill came to $9.95.  Five lousy cents, but Darrell stood his ground and said, "Order something else if you want to use your card."  Those guys never came back.  You can't alienate regular customers like that and expect to stay in business.
4	Ok, My best friends from college HPU cooked for me, taught me and educated me on exactly what real Chamorro food is.  lol  They are real sticklers and are from Saipan and the neighboring islands.  Not to and please NEVER get them confused wit guamanian.  When they told me what they were I assumed they're from Guam.  Oh boy was that a mistake.  They said guamanian's not an ethnicity it's a nationality.  There are two races their, those who are actually of Chomorru descent and those who are Philipino.  Chomorru's will say they are just that, but the Philipino's will say they are guamanian.  This is just the education I was given by them.  I myself have some relatives from Guam, but they are Philipino.   Ok, just a little Chomorru 101 education. lol  On to the review.When this place first opened a few years back down the street from me, I was Ecstatic.  I haven't had this food for years.  The run down:I ordered 5 orders of chicken keleguin -  I love this stuff and this place does it justice. MMM..mmm.mmmI ordered a few other things, but this is what I went there for and man this is good.
3	I came in here about a year ago and talked to the owner of the place. He said he was thinking about opening up another store because the business was so good? The place was busy. One thing I noticed is the food was SALTY. Holy man...But it looks like this place is now closed...oh well.
4	Why is this placed closed!  Where will I get my red rice fix.  I knew something was up when they stopped accepting credit cards.
4	This was the best find in Henderson until they closed....I don't know how they could since the food was so awesome.Guam style--I ordered salmon, which was grilled and had a wonderful vinaigrette, the sticky red rice was delicious, and most memorable was the dessert. A huge pancake folded engulfed in vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream and some syrup drizzled lightly.Oh heavens, I could eat that every week.Sad to see it go. Hope the onwers rebound.
