5	I only came here for a nose piercing, but this place is absolutely professional and top notch. I am not very familiar with piercings/body mod, but these guys are pros and put my mind at ease. I have total confidence in these folks.I can't comment on the tattoo artists as I did not venture into that, but I hear they are excellent.
5	This is a fantastic shop, definitely had a 5 star experience.I visited Montreal with a friend and we planned to get tattoos but didn't have a shop lined up. We came in on Tuesday and got an appointment for the following day (middle of the week in the winter, it may be busier on weekends). Evan was top notch and a super chilled out dude. We showed him our designs and he sketched them out for us. His station was clean and very professional with a lot of his artwork displayed. Our designs were small and relatively simple, but Evan took the care to make sure they were done properly and with excellent attention to detail. Prices were reasonable. Everyone in the shop spoke English and so not speaking French was not an issue here. I definitely recommend this place and will come here again if I'm back in Montreal.
5	I've been obsessively finding my favorite tattoo artists via tumblr and instagram for the past few months, and one of my favorites was Shamus. I found out my parents were thinking of going to Montreal on a family vacation and was so excited! I called only 2 weeks in advanced and talked to Shamus almost right away on the phone. Sent him an e-mail telling him I just wanted an anitomical heart in his style with whatever he wants - his design was sick! When I got there a half hour early, he came to greet me mere minutes after I arrived to let me know how long he'd be etc. etc. While waiting, most people around me were speaking French, but once the tattoo began, everyone around me was speaking English. It seemed like the ones around during the tattoo were native English speakers, but I still felt like it was a great gesture for them to speak my language around me so as to make me feel more comfortable. Shamus was very kind throughout, making sure I was all good. The tattoo was 2 hours, originally thought to be 2 1/2, and was exactly what I had expected it to cost. Overall an amazing experience. And definitely the best tattoo I've had so far! I can't wait to take another trip to Montreal and get another at this shop! The only thing I'd say is WARNING TO US PEOPLE: there was a tax on my tattoo! I thought it was odd, I don't remember there ever being taxes on my other tattoos, which were done in the Boston area. Though both are smaller and thus cheaper so maybe I never noticed. I just felt like it was worth mentioning.
5	I went to the 3933 St Denis location and I loved it. I was looking to get my first tattoo done, and while my tattoo was by no means complicated, I wanted to feel comfortable when getting it done. Customer service and atmosphere was really important in choosing a place. I stopped by MTL Tattoo one weekend and was immediately noticed, and my questions were answered without me needing to pry. I decided that MTL was the place to go. I called ahead of time the day I was planning on getting it done, I asked about a time and was told that they'd be able to fit me in! Great! I went and met Tony, the guy I'd talked to on the phone. He was super friendly, and recognized me from the call. In all honesty, the paperwork and setting up took longer than the actual tattoo. He made me feel comfortable, reassured me and explained what he was doing every time he did something new. I could not have been better taken care of. He was efficient and compassionate, telling me to relax and distracting me. All in all, a great experience. Everyone is super friendly, the place is really relaxed but professional and I'd totally recommend MTL Tattoo to anyone who was looking to get something done. Thanks Tony!
5	My husband and I both got tattoos while visiting Montreal. Nicki was our artist and he did amazing work. He listened to what we wanted, took in the meaning behind it and designed something better than what I had envisioned. Nicki was honest, laid back and super easy to talk to. He took caution while cleaning our station and changed his gloves several times from start to finish. Prices are fair, but make sure to bring cash. No credit cards!
1	Terrible service, with an extreme patronizing attitude.  Went in to ask some questions about their artists, I got 4 tattoos at other places, so it's not like I was a newbie.I got extreme attitude, waited about 1 hour while the person at the person at the cash served every one else before me, I guess I don't look cool enough to be a client there.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
