5	ok ok ok!!!!! listen up people!!!!! i have been seeing Karma for over four years and let me tell you what!!!!! this is THE best massage of your life. i call her my babysitter!!! hah! she takes such good care of me while i'm on her table. she won't even let me lift a finger while she is working on me. that's what i call service. she is completely reliable,(which i have found challenging with many massage therapists) thorough, detailed, caring, comforting, genuine, professional, and beautiful.... inside and out. i have sent many many people her way and every single person agrees that Karma gives the best , most customized massage they've EVER had. her hours are extremely flexible. i'm a hairstylist working on my feet everyday. one thing i can tell you for sure... i see Karma on a very regular basis and i can assure you my body recovers from injury more quickly, i am generally more healthy and i sleep more soundly than when i am not being treated by her. do yourself or anyone you love a favor and get the royal treatment by karma!!! you deserve it!!!
5	I don't know why I never thought to write a review here for Karma. Karma is not an average massage therapist. She's a healer. She knows the human body, including mind and spirit and the effects of every day life on our bodies (mentally and physically). She's one of the sweetest people I have EVER met, and is simply amazing with massage.You can literally shut off the outside world while you're with Karma. She ensures that you're comfortable; everything from the room temperature, music, lighting, everything.She explains everything she's doing in as much or as little detail as you need. She is inquisitive regarding your lifestyle, life circumstances, work life, home life, family... everything! She takes all of that into account so that she can tailor massage to your exact needs.She's gracious with her time. You might pay for 30 mins, or an hour, but I've always found she'll go the extra mile to ensure you leave her place feeling MUCH better than when you left.I feel like I could write a book on Karma and the positive impact she's had on myself, my wife, and my youngest daughter. My daughter had a brain tumor, and due to treatment had pretty severe physical and emotional deficiencies. Karma actually treated my daughter, and was the most gentle, kind, and loving person that ever worked with my daughter. Karma helped alleviate the symptoms of cancer therapy in a way my daughter could tolerate, and left her in much better shape than when we walked in the door.Karma also treated my wife and I in a very special way after we lost our daughter to cancer in a way I can't even describe. She tailored her massage to both our emotional and physical state as we were grieving the loss of our daughter.Karma is not only an amazing massage therapist but professional, and simply an amazing, kind, caring human being. Love her tons!
5	Karma is truly passionate about massage. She listens to what you need and honestly makes a huge difference in the way you feel not only right when you leave but for days after. With consistent work I fell 100% better. She is SO sweet and truly truly cares about her patients, best massage I have ever had.
