4	I've lived in Providence for a total of 5 years now. I love my home (Ryland), and the community overall is very nice. The Providence HOA is always holding events at the parks, the community center, and neighboring locations.  The down side is a majority of the events and activities are for families...as a single man, it's uncomfortable sometimes participating.  I hope that over time there will be more variety to the activities. The July 4th fireworks show continues to get better each year, and with that comes more traffic and crowding.  Still a great event though! I've also visited the community center a couple times with questions for the HOA. The staff wasn't too friendly or inviting, but overall helpful. I also regularly place an ad in the Providence Post newsletter for my local salon business, and the Marketing Director at the Providence HOA office was kind enough to help assist me with that opportunity. Overall, beautiful community! The HOA seems to always come up with great activities and I'm looking forward to attending more events in the future.
3	Being that it's a master community, for the amount of people they have living here, there is not a lot of stores to go to. You have to dire out of here to go shopping. There is no convenient stores so if you forgot something guess what you gotta burn gas to get it. They keep building houses but they lack of stores. There's a lot of land to build on but for some reason the blueprints for stores is absent. My relatives have been living here for a number of years and still no stores. Nice community but man, they gotta build stores for the community!
4	I have lived here for over 7 years and it's a great community with clean streets, plenty of parks community activities and a plaza in walking distance. Only complaints are that a nice bread and wine place wanted to open but the community voted to not sell alcohol in the plaza but yet 2 years later now there is a gas station that sells beer and cigarettes and a smoke shop! I feel that the plaza needed the rent and gave up their high standards. If they were afraid of kids buying alcohol why would you say no to a wine and bread store and yes to the tiniest gas station ever that sells beer!
