4	We purchased the River + Rock Adventure for four via LivingSocial. Being new to Phoenix, we really want to learn the hiking trails in the area.  We were a bit nervous that the weather forecast a 30% chance of rain, but we went prepared!Doug and Dallas met us right on time in the Walgreen's parking lot at Power and Thomas Roads. From the start they began getting to know us and engaged our two kids (8 & 5).  As soon as the wheels on the van started rolling, we were learning about the area, trivia, fauna, animals, all kinds of great information!Doug took us down the river with paddles for a great "River" portion of our Adventure!  We saw blue and gray heron, ducks, hawks and a huge eagle's nest.  No mustangs with the storm coming in, maybe next time.  We got a great workout with the slight wind too! We paddled til Dallas picked us up "in a van down by the river", and on to the "Rock" part of the Adventure.Dallas guided us safely across the Power Road to our "Rock" portion of the Adventure.  We saw cacti, hawks, old mines, smelled javalina, snacked and even got to see several planes, including a B17!  Dallas was great, he endured all our questions and our kids racing to see who would be next in line directly behind him.  We highly recommend the trip and can't wait to take our next Adventure with Desert Voyagers, Doug and Dallas!  Thanks!
5	What a great time we had!  We started early on Sunday morning so we hardly saw anyone else on the river.  The kayaks were in great shape and easy to maneuver. The falcons, ravens, great blue herons and turkey vulchers made the trip even more interesting.  Our guide was Dylan and he was wonderful.  We would highly recommend this trip for anyone that wants to see the natural beauty right outside Phoenix.
5	Richard and I had been wanting to do another river trip for a while and we settled on last weekend to do the Verde Wilderness from Childs to Sheep Bridge... It's a pretty intense run that runs through some no-man's land areas. I left Tucson around noon on Friday and picked a friend, Simon, up from Casa Grande, while Richard and his bud, Ray, set up the shuttle down at Sheep Bridge from Bloody Basin. Simon and I are running ahead of schedule, which for me, is a miracle. We arrive to PHX and the Arizona Hiking Shack. GO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!! We pick up the boats and meet some really cool people and get on our way quickly. Jeff, Jeremy and Dylan worked with us to get a great deal in the works and get us on our way, NO HASSLE! The price was fantastic and Jeremy's service was top tier.In the meantime, Ray borrowed a 95 privea (think toyota egg van) and drove down there with Richard, getting back via Richard's Volvo. We were all planning to meet at I-17 and Bloody Basin (BB) around 7 pm. I get a text from Rich around 7:30 to let me know that the Agua Fria is running high and they are stuck on the other side. Simon and I head to the casino at Camp Verde and have a great time observing the locals whilst downing some kiltlifter. The beer and conversation were good, the sightseeing, not so much. Around midnight, we are both ready to crash so we get back down to BB and camp about a mile in. The next morning,  we pile into my Jetta and head to the Agua Fria to figure out the next step. The water here is pants deep, and flowing fast for what is usually a calm trickle. We transfer gear, 4 boats, 4 stinky f*s, and 3 nights worth of gear into the Jetta to head to the Verde Hot Springs near Childs.Finally!!! We are on our way! By noon we are making the descent into Fossil Creek then Verde HS area, passing all manor of stupid collegiate bums who think that the proper use for beautiful, natural areas like Fossil Creek are perfect for dumping their Natty-Ice cans in. F*ing ass-hats. Thankfully, they are too preoccupied with Alpha dominance activities to be aware of the Hot Spring lurking just an extra two miles in! The sign encouraging nudity welcomes us! Yeah for us! That is, until I see the road I must descend in my wife's car. I tighten my big-boy pants, tell the crew to please vacate the car, and white knuckle a road ONLY meant for automobiles made in the USA for blue-collar jobs. Behold! The promised land! As if to re-emphasize the point, the sign says "Nudity not prohibited".Around 1 p.m., we finally get on our way.This trip was the MOST memorable TRIP OF DEATH! Fantastic views, lots of wildlife, fast and big rapids and lots of beer and whiskey! The second and longest day of paddling, we put down almost 24 miles and Richard almost died pinned underwater in a tree strainer. Scary! Simon broke a paddle on this same rapid. But we made it through and arrived at Sheep Bridge around 10 am. on Monday morning. By noon, we had the van loaded and were on our way when 5 minutes into driving, "CRACK!", the van dies. This is what we find under the transport... our transmission is screwed. HORRAY!!! I manage to bum a ride out and get in contact with Dylan from the hiking shack. He is totally understanding and willing to work with us in this situation and won't charge an extra day. I orchestrate a drop off with my in-laws to drop off stuff in PHX and things were great. After a long, logistical nightmare including Simon being arrested in PHX, I arrive home at 4:30 am. on Tuesday morning just in time to put the last plans in place for the conference I am planning on Wed. hosting 100 people. Success for me! (The conference went very well and I have a great story to tell). The trip was a logistic nightmare and would have been even worse had Dylan not been willing to be super flexible and helpful. I will be renting again from this company and would recommend it to anyone wanting a river trip.P.S. the Privea made it out too...
