5	Best kept secret in Charlotte.  Overlooks the shopping center from the second story.  Loveseat and couch seating and wine that is very reasonable.  Terry is so nice and loves to discuss wine, even to rookies.  Try the meat and cheese platter - excellent - nice place to just hang out and they have live music also.  Inside has been completely redone from old wine store that was once there.  This is a definite destination spot with great ambiance!  Loved it.
4	Great place- much better than the last wine bar in this spot because they have a full bar. Worth checking out on any night- but Wednesday it gets a good crowd in the summer.
4	We had frequented this spot when it was a different wine bar and while we always enjoyed it, the former venue never really got their menu off the ground floor. We were pleasantly suprised to see such an extensive menu in comparison to the old place. We had already grabbed a bite to eat elsewhere before stopping in here, so we only had beverages. They had a very nice selection of beer and wines and everyone in our party enjoyed their selection. The new place has continued the tradition of having live music on certain nights and the place certainly had a nice little crowd... not too packed to be uncomfortable but just enough people to make things interesting. We will definitely go back to give the full menu a try.
4	I took a group of 28 people to D'Vine Wine Cafe on a Tuesday evening and they did a great job taking care of us and getting the food out in a timely manner.  I don't think when they designed the place they thought people would bring in 28 people at a time (I called a couple days ahead of time).We had a private wine tasting in the back room where it has a little lounge area and it went very well. Then after dinner we where able to sit outside in the lounge area outside. Really a nice atmosphere and the group was very happy with the food, wine and fun.They worked great within my budget. I told them my budget limit and they made it work.  Thanks D'Vine Wine Cafe
4	We checked out D'Vine in June, I remember it was a fun night.  There were musicians playing and it wasn't too loud, you can grab a bottle of  wine from the retail wall and get the server to crack it open.  I don't remember what we had, we ordered a lot of snacky food for six of us and everyone enjoyed the evening.There are a few Charlotte Half Off websites, where you can buy $50 gift certificates for $25.  D'Vine is on the website.   These coupons are limited and  go fast- don't delay...  order now and get a set of Ginsu knives. teeheeheehttp://charlottehalfoff.mediawebconnect.com/D'Vine%20Wine%20Cafe/19934
5	A great beer and wine selection AND a very unique food menu.  The manager and staff are very knowledgable about beer and wine and always recommend the perfect selection!Great outdoor seating too.
4	Very pleasantly surprised. Expected a high priced stuffy wine bar and found the prices to be very reasonable. We stayed for a glass of wine and appetizers because the place was full and had no available tables. Wine excellent for $13 a glass but we wanted to try some good wines. We could have had much cheaper. The food was great and the full menu was very reasonable.  We will be back. The whole Ballantyne Village has a nice feel.
4	Great night out at D'Vine Wine. We'd visited the wine bar that was here formerly and while we enjoyed it, we didn't come back because of the prices, the ambience (a little too shoulder-to-shoulder) and lack of food on the menu.D'Vine Wine has taken a great space and upgraded it. We purchased a discount certificate on restaurant.com at 80% off using a coupon code, so we had a $25 off certificate for just $2. We picked up a $20 bottle from their retail area just around the corner, which our bartender corked and poured for us at cost, which was another great bargain.A bottle of wine, two full glasses of their bar wine, an appetizer, two mains and dessert cost us, all told with an 18% tip (which is added automatically via the coupon and frankly is still 2% lower than what I would normally tip for such good service) was $75. You can't beat that for a decadent night out where you don't pay attention the prices and just go a little "wild".Service was great. The space is more open than it was before with the previous bar, the live music was jazzy and perfect and it was just stellar. We will be back, and frequently. One star deducted only for the slightly under-represented appetizer and dessert. Both were great but seemed a tiny bit thin based on the descriptions. Nothing worth to bother about.
4	So I finally went for my second visit to D'Vine.  Let me start off by saying it is the kind of place that if it had average food, you would write it off after one visit.  We walked in on a Friday night, a band was playing inside of the restaurant loudly, where if you talk to your friends, you have to yell and you can't hear their replies. Our table wasn't just off balance, it totally rocked and not in a good way.  The host and servers seemed young and doe-eyed.  Our server went home and we got another one.  They never refilled our water glasses.  When they checked on us, it was kind of like an afterthought.  But let me tell you, the food is DELICIOUS!  We all ordered small portions and shared.  We had filet, scallops, crab and lobster fritters & a chicken dish.  I even had a cheese course with tawny port for dessert, we all had a couple of glasses of wine and our bill was a little over $100 for four.  The food is so good, I would gladly go yell at my husband over the loud music to eat there again.  It will remind him of home.
4	What a fantastic place to grab a bite to eat, a nice glass or two of wine and sit outside on the 2nd floor patio when you're in the 'burbs of Charlotte.A local friend and I comfortably relaxed on the outdoor couches on a pleasant Monday evening catching up on life, while enjoying a crisp pinot grigio. Hummus, scallops, and a delicious flatbread loaded with figs and goat cheese capped off the night.Sounds like this place gets pretty busy at the end of the week, but I think I'd much prefer the laid back atmosphere we experienced mid week.
4	Ventured out to D'Vine Wine last Thursday night and it was worth the trip.  Lots of outdoor seating, including large couches and comfy chairs that reminded me of a coffeehouse.  Being a Thursday, it was pretty crowded, but I can see why other reviewers enjoyed it on a Monday night.  The wine selection was good and the food was delicious.  I highly recommend the tomato and mozzarella flat bread, the hummus, and the fig and brie appetizer.   My only complaint was that our servers (yes servers) seemed overwhelmed with the crowd due to a private party in the back.  Overall a great night and I'll be looking an excuse to return!
5	Excellent Wine and Drink menu. Great beer selection. Excellent, friendly staff and most importantly....excellent food at very reasonable prices.
3	I live nearby locally, and have been here several times.  The location and the environment are fantastic.  I would rate their wine selection, overall drinks, and overall nightlife bar scene very, very good.  They would get a top rating from me on the bar if their prices were better.However, their food is merely okay.  Their prices are high, and their food doesn't live up to the expectation set with those prices.  Some food highlights include their flatbreads.  However, anyone can do flatbreads, and the rest of their menu is just okay at best.If you're looking for a great place to have a few drinks and meet new friends, go here.  I would recommend eating somewhere else first though.
4	The best way to describe d'vine is divine. I went there for a happy hour with coworkers on a Thursday and was pleasantly surprised to find it was half price bottles of wine. Awesome. Now which bottle do I choose?  I like red and there was quite a selection to choose from.  I strolled over to the bar to make my selection. The bartenders allowed me to taste my potential selections before committing to a bottle. When I finally decided what bottle to choose they were out of stock. Darn!  I allowed the choice of a 90.00 dollar bottle Shiraz for the price of the one that was out of stock which was 50.00. So essentially I paid 25.00 for a 90.00 bottle of wine. Even Better! The wine was excellent and went well with the mushroom we ordered. I will also add for those that do not care for wine there is a nice beer selection. Not your crappy beers either. Good stuff.Our group ordered several selections from the appetizers list and we were all pleased with food. The mushrooms and hummus were very tasty. The atmosphere was relaxing with a slightly older crowd but a few younger folks mixed in as well. Water refills were plentiful as well. My only reason for 4 stars rating was that you had to go to the bar for your drinks instead of someone serving it to you. We have another event planned in about a month so it is well worth the return visit. Another tip: They offer mega tastings on a Saturday afternoon once a quarter where you can taste 20 to 40 wines for a nominal fee. I will need to check that out and give a detailed report. That is if I can remember it well enough to provide a review. That's it for now folks.
3	We chose this place for a small unofficial gathering of friends and coworkers just to chat and hang out. I was concerned that a wine bar may be too "stuffy" for our crowd, especially one with a terrible, terrible pun for a name- but found D'Vine Wine to be comfortable and upscale, but not pretentious.Located on the second floor of the Ballentyne Village complex, D'Vine Wine overlooks, unfortunately, the rest of the shopping center and a parking lot, but don't take this as much of a criticism- I really liked the second floor location and large balconies. The balconies had several large outdoor couches that would have been nice to hang out on on a nice comfortable summer's evening, but alas, it was winter. We ended up sitting indoors, in several soft chairs, around a leather topped coffee table- which lent our gathering a comfortable homey feel. It was empty when we arrived shortly after 5pm on a Thursday, but as the night continued the bar filled until there was a fairly good sized crowd of 30 somethings chatting and hanging out. I never felt that it got  overly crowded and uncomfortable. Wine was available by the glass, half-glass, and bottle. The bottles of Reisling and Syrrah I sampled this evening were excellent, and as luck would have it- half price. (Check the calendar on their website for specials and other events.) We also ordered some appetizers: Toasted bread with apple, fig, and brie, Stuffed Portobello Mushroom, and Hummus with toasted pita points.There were three kinds of Hummus, and they were acceptable, but not substantially distinct from one another except in color. The toast with brie was good, though very sweet, more like a dessert than an appetizer. I did not sample the Mushroom, because it was laughably small. I would expect an appetizer that consists of a single portobello mushroom to be at least 4 to 6 times the size of the one on the plate we received. This was more like the size of a single stuffed regular mushroom from any other restaurant - you know- where you do, in fact, get six of them. They did give us another order of toasted pita points without us having to ask, even though we were not sitting a table. All in all- I enjoyed the evening, and this was a nice place to hang out, sit and chat. We will be making a trip there next month as well.
3	I must admit I'm not a wine drinker but I like this place.  Good beer selection for a wine bar.  I love the cheese/meat plates.  Employees all seem very nice and loved Steve the bartender.  My only complaint would be the music (this sat night it was a woman playing the big base and a guy playing guitar). It just sounded like noise.  A tape of some smooth house music would have been more to my liking that what they had.
4	This is a perfect little neighborhood bar! I wouldn't consider myself a total regular yet, but the bartenders are starting to recognize me as are some of the other customers LOL.Great wine selection, although a little on the pricey side. Average price for a regular pour of cab is $10. They have some awesome cocktails on the menu which also range $10+.The menu is smallish, but actually just right in selection. However, the dishes range from outstanding to just so-so. I highly recommend the shrimp bisque (exceptional and served with grilled cheese), but not the watermelon salad (so bland). Also recommend the pork tenderloin w/braised cabbage (succulent), but not the greek style ribs (just did not taste right). Overall, most of the menu is very good, including the desserts.The live music is always great and I've heard some pretty good bands/solos come through.If you're a first timer look for D'Vine Wine on the second floor of the main complex at Ballantyne Village. Directly across from Jade.
5	I reside in the Ballantyne area and D'Vine Wine Cafe is more than one of my favorite restaurants, it's become my sanctuary! Since moving to Charlotte 3 years ago, the owner and staff have made me feel like family and I've gotten to break bread and consume fine wine with some really great people in the area. I feel like "Norm" from Cheers and that's a very special feeling to become a "regular" at the local watering hole where everyone know your name :-)D'Vine has an incredible wine selection and a unique case of the month offer each month at affordable prices. The Saturday wine tastings are great and you'll learn something new about wines every time you go. For the full education course, sign up for one of D'Vine Wine's wine pairing and education dinners. These events are always sold out and are an experience that will keep you hungry for knowledge and good food. The Chef's new menu is mouth watering and satisfying, including the desserts. The restaurant offers a variety of live music each week which is always a nice touch and attracts a wide range of customers. As a musician, I love the local bands and solo talents that frequently come through. Maybe one day I'll get the nerve to play a set :-)So if you're a looking for the best wine in the area and a five-star dining experience, then D'Vine Wine Cafe is your next destination. Located on the second floor of the main complex at Ballantyne Village, D'Vine a great place to spend with friends, family or just to clear your mind after a long day. See you there!
4	I have made a few trips to the wine stores that previously inhabited this location.  D'Vine has created a nice environment with a very nice wine selection.  It is great to stop in after a movie.  My most recent visit was enjoyable and relaxing.  The back of the restaurant includes sofas that are comfy and cozy for enjoying wine and appetizers.  The Red Blend Flight  allowed me discover a new favorite wine!  I really enjoyed this wine with the cheese tray as well as the musical entertainment.  I look forward to returning to sample the  Cabernet Flight.  Unfortunately for me, Ballantyne is not around the corner, so I will have to make a special trip South to again enjoy the comforts of D'Vine Wine Cafe.
4	The quality of the food here is pretty good but some of the "small plate" items are not easily shared.  It is best if you have two or three people in order to really sample the menu and not break the bank.  Otherwise, you are going to end up needing to order a lot to be full and satisfied.We were there with a party of 5 so the sharing idea was a little more difficult than normal.   This would be a great place to grab a lite bite before heading elsewhere for your main entrees.All in all I do really like this place.  I think it is has a cool atmosphere and is in a fun location in Charlotte.  I love the idea of tapas and this place has a nice variety on their menu.I ordered the Canelinni Cake which was on top of an arugala salad and had a carmelized apple on top and was drizzled with a red pepper sauce.  It was a little bland but once I took a bite with the apple and dipped it in the sauce it was much better.  I also ordered the seared scallops.  They had a very nice consistency.  They were buttery, smooth and melted in my mouth.  They were also very fresh but the one negative is that they were served warm and turned cold pretty quickly.Others at the table ordered  the Apple & Fig plate which is served on toasted focaccia with brie sauce, butternut squash soup, and the Mediterranean shrimp that is baked with peppers, tomatoes, onions and cheese and served on focaccia bread.  All were said to be very good as well!  They had several other yummy options including cheese plates, pork medallions and chocolate bread pudding for dessert!As I previously mentioned, this is a fun place with good food.  It has the atmosphere of an intimate wine cellar.  I think if used for the right purposes it is a great place to check out!  They have special events, live music on the weekends and wine pairing specials.
1	This used to be one of my favorite hang out places with friends and family. However went there recently for my parents anniversary and was very disappointed. The wine selection is still good priced higher than I recall.  The menu had changed and in addition to removing all the flatbreads and several other favorites, the prices were also considerably higher. The apple and fig app and the butternut squash soup were tasty but $9 for a cup of soup and half a (burned) grilled cheese? - come on. We ordered two different pasta dishes and the pasta was totally clumped together.  Salads were overdressed as well and apple tart was a small hard disk of something with minced apple on it.  All in all way overpriced now for the quality of food and mediocre service. I unfortunately will need to find a new place to go.
4	I recently went to D'Vine on a Thursday night with a girlfriend.  Over the course of the evening we had:A couple of glasses of some Chardonnay, I don't know what it was, but it was good. The only thing I really know about wine is that I like most of it, so I can't really comment on the selection.We ordered:Cheese & charcuterie: SO good! It was surprisingly filling, and the breads they served with the plate were fantastic. Seared scallops (which I can never resist), and they were also amazing. Nice sized, perfectly cooked, and a good flavor.Our server was very professional and competent- funny and charming without being a pain in the neck and always in your space. Knowledgeable about wine, but not an insufferable snob. She was great.We sat indoors for a while, and then moved out to the balcony, which was really nice.So, the reason I can't give D'Vine 5 stars? The crowd that showed up around 8 or so. It changes so quickly from being a nice lounge into a complete and utter meat market. It was such an uncomfortable crowd, it just reeked of alimony payments and lip injections. Obviously in Ballantyne it's not going to be a bunch of 20-somethings, but you can be older and single without being a desperado. I'm sorry, no 50 year old suburbanite man can pull off jeans with sparkles on the pockets, and no woman needs to be borrowing her teenage daughter's clothes to go out for the night.  The food, wine, service, and actual space were fantastic. The other patrons just made me depressed about getting older.
3	I've been to D'Vine wine many times since they opened in Ballantyne Village. Most recently, my husband and I wrapped up a "date night" with drinks and dessert at D'Vine this past Saturday.The GREAT: They had a hostess at the door, with an eagle eye for the available seats in the establishment. Our original thought was to cozy up to the bar (my favorite place there) with a couple of seats to enjoy a glass of wine and some dessert. She informed us there might be seats in the back we'd enjoy, or we could wait for a table to open. Sitting at a table wasn't really what I was envisioning, but I was open to her showing us the space in the back. It was detached (both seats weren't facing each other, which she'd warned us about) so we elected to take up the one seat at the bar (for me, hubby is such a chivalrous fellow :) and within 2 minutes another seat opened up. I really appreciated her work and attempt to find us a good place to be in the restaurant. It's the first time we were greeted by a "hostess" there.The wine is, as always, excellent. I love that they carry Trefethen, my sentimental favorite for reasons I won't bore you with here. (They are awesome, that is all you need to know.) The desserts were disappointing. The chocolate bread pudding was not nearly chocolate-y enough (allspice shouldn't be the predominant flavor of a dish advertised as "chocolate" in my opinion) and the apple pie-style dessert was, in a word, measly.In general, I like D'Vine for the wine but not so much for the food. We did a Supertasting this past fall that was supposed to feature the flavors of Thanksgiving, but the food was terrible. My advice: Enjoy what  D'Vine brings to the table for wine, but not for food.
3	Always have had great service and great wine. Apps are decent but nothing extraordinary. Love popping in for a glass before a movie.
4	Received an email from Terry at D'Vine with offer to reserve comfy couches in back of bar for playoff games.  To our surprise, we basically were the only ones there watching.  Lots of people eating and drinking but not really watching game.  Was low key viewing with no yelling, screaming, etc. and was really a nice change.  Wine as always is available in all price points and wait staff extremely knowledgeable. Offer still open for playoffs so take advantage of this cool spot with laid-back atmosphere.
4	I've been to D'Vine Wine Cafe a few times now. I mostly go on Thursday's when they have 1/2 off bottles of wine otherwise it gets pretty pricey. They have live music on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday so the place can get pretty packed. It has been cold so I haven't been able to enjoy the patio but it looks great. My only thing is I wish they had a most extensive menu. All in all, I'm sure I'll be back many more times.
5	This place is super cute.  We just got some wine here and the selection was great.  The wine we ordered wasn't too pricey and it was really good IMO.  They have lots of outdoor seating - some on couches and some at tables.  It's a really nice set up and they had live music which made the atmosphere even better :)
4	We wanted to grab a late night meal with a place that had some atmosphere. We chose D'Vine as it had good reviews, had late seating and had Saturday night entertainment until 11:30. It has a nice bar and a good menu. We really liked our waiter and the entertainment was decent. Located right in Ballantyne village on the second floor and had outdoor seating as an option (but then we wouldn't have heard the live entertainment). Great for apps and dinner or just drinks...we'll be back.
2	Nice place to talk and hang but service is poor, food is overpriced, wine is mediocre and we generally felt unwelcome. Hipsters would like it probably.
2	So we went back here for some apps/small plates the other night and I was really unimpressed.  I am used to going to tapas places, but D'Vine gives barely any food on plates and charges pretty crazy money for it.  Our server was nice and the inside of the restaurant is set up really nicely.  The wine we got which was suggested by our server was ok, but super expensive.  The food at the prices we paid was also really underwhelming.  I was so disappointed since I love these types of places and thought this would become a regular place for us to start going to.  I think I will pass on D'Vine.
5	Delicious and adds character to an otherwise chain filled Ballanytne area.  May be my new favorite spot.
3	It is a very cool location that is nestled inside Ballantyne Village and up on the second floor.  They have couch seating outside and inside and a pretty sweet balcony.  On Friday nights, they usually have a local band/singer that plays some cover songs.  Other than that, the food is rather good but I must point out one thing.  I wouldn't come here for a full blown sit down dinner.  I would suggest treating it like a first stop for small plate appetizers and a few drinks.  Their wine selections is pretty vast and they offer $10 wine flights (3).  That is def worth it.  The draft beer selection is pretty thin.  They do have numerous bottles to choose from but I think the real draw here is the environment and apps.  Pimento cheese app is the best!  That is something that I would keep coming back for.  Give that a try for sure.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	I stumbled onto this place while searching my trusty yelp app for a wine bar in ballantyne. It is a great atmosphere and they seem to have great daily featured specials. The outside is almost like sitting on your back porch only great views and te sounds of live music seeping through the doors. It wasn't too crowded while we were there but it was a Tuesday night. The menu looked really good and had I not been full I would have loved to try the cheese and cured meats. The hospitality of the bartender Bradley was awesome and he was super knowledgable about their wine list. The owner was there and was so nice and welcoming and talked with us for a while. I think this place is really cool and I enjoyed it there tremendously!! Overall a really great little wine bar and a great place to support local business owners!
4	I've been here twice and liked it both times.  I love that they have a live band during the evenings.  The last one was really good.  The food is decent as well--there aren't a lot of options for vegetarians and almost none for vegans, but you can find something I suppose.  It's located in the Village in Ballantyne, so that alone means its a pretty nice establishment.Wait staff was friendly, outdoor seating was nice--overall, it's a nice place.
5	Very unique and warm atmosphere with a great price point.  Large selection of great wines and beer. Service and staff  were phenomenal. Would highly recommend.
2	Don't order the bean dip.  It's not a dip at all, it's a bowl of beans.  They provide Pita bread with it, but you are not able to spread the beans on the pita.  It's really just the strangest appetizer I have ever ordered.  Otherwise, I do love this place for socializing and listening to great music with friends.
5	The food and wine were excellent but.. We just had the absolute best chocolate cupcake in my life!  It was warm, fresh, moist, and creamy. Not too sweet. I wanted to buy the pastry tube of icing. You have to try it!
4	I ordered the Kale and Qiono salad it was good. Entree; honey glazed salmon.  I will be back
