5	We stayed four nights in a two bedroom suite. The rooms of the suite were stunning. The master bedroom was large enough to get lost in, even with a king size bed. The suite has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a small living room and a kitchenette. There are three TVs in the suite. The alarm clock radios in the bedrooms have an external plug to connect your iPod. The room has Wi-Fi, four bars on my Mac PowerBook. Amenities include a smallish pool, better than continental breakfast and dinner (complimentary), a fitness room and a business center. All in all, it's not a resort but it's a damn nice place to stay.We were there in July. Phoenix as really fricking hot in July. No one goes to Phoenix Arizona in July. Because of that, we got this stunning suite for only $120 a night. Go with all the other Lemmings in January and you pay $290 a night.
1	We had a problem here with a rude employee.  Unfortunately, the GM is on vacation for the next week.  I left my phone number for her but luckily the front desk mgr called me & I told her what had transpired.  So, we will be able to stay again here next year gratis.  Originally I did say that I would never come back here but I will give them a chance to make good.  Otherwise, the breakfast is ok, the evening hors d'oeuvres were missed since we got here too late.  The neighborhood is ok but centrally located.
4	Large clean suite, friendly staff, free parking, free light dinner with choice of beer or wine (or both). An array of complimentary breakfast choices, heated pool and it's conveniently located off the freeway. This spot is also located right near the mall and many restaurants.We totally enjoyed our visit and would stay there again..
2	I normally stay at a Residence Inn but because of a baseball thing  they were all booked and I was stuck looking for another hotel.  I have stayed at Homewood Suites in other States before and had better experiences so I thought that this would be fine especially since it is a Hilton hotel.The problems were little things but when all added up I was was unhappy and ended up checking out early and finding a Residence Inn on Monday when all the Baseball players went home.It's not a horrible hotel by any means and I am sure many people will be very happy here but if you are picky find another hotel.THE PROS-The staff is friendly-The Rooms are clean and adequate.THE CONS (again lots of little things that just added up)-The kitchen did not have all the necessary items if you do your own cooking.  No mixing bowls, no baking dishes, no vegetable peelers, no cutting knives, no cutting boards, and when I called for some of these items they didn't even know what they were.  Employee said she would ask the kitchen and call me back but never did.  They only had two pots (no pans)  and two steak knives that I used to do all of mixing, peeling and chopping with on a small dinner plate.  The job got done but it was not quick or easy.  -The bathroom  light is located outside the bathroom so if you have a middle of the night bathroom run you find yourself in a very dark room and need to go back outside to turn on the light if you forget that it's out there.-Not sure how to describe this problem but the inside of the bathtub is higher than it looks and when you step out the floor is lower than expected.  I almost fell getting out.  An older person could very easily lose their balance, so beware.-Kind of a skimpy breakfast.  Since I am normally a Residence Inn Customer and most hotels that serve a full breakfast have it...I was expecting oatmeal at the breakfast but there was none.  The fist day the breakfast consisted of French Toast but no Syrup, Fruit which they were just about out of, Potatoes which was empty, and a Denver omelet which was actually pretty good. There were no breakfast meats available.   The Breads selection was very limited and there was no coffee and I had to wait for some to be brewed.The second day, the fire alarm kept going off which we later found out was set off by the kitchen staff because of the smoke from burning bacon. There was no bacon (of course) only one yogurt left floating in a lake of melted ice, no fruit and only a few slices of cinnamon swirl bread available.  It was not the most appetizing set up.  The staff was nice enough and helped if asked but either the were all very new, poorly trained or very inexperienced because I have never encountered such poor breakfast service before. -On the second morning I went in to the bedroom to open the curtains, and there was a piece of the bed frame sticking out but covered by the duster and I slammed my ankle into it.  It was very painful.-Little things like...upon arrival... a piece of hair in the bathtub, large marks on the bathroom door, the clothes hook on the bathroom door being askew (which was obvious since the door was one color and the color under the hanger was another color) Little things like this make me uncomfortable because it shows lack or attention to detail which then makes me wonder where else they are lacking in attention to detail.-I was waiting for my son at the door one morning and looked up to see some sort of insect nest that looked like a little mini hornets nest but it was way too small...I don't even want to know what kind of insect came out of it, bleah!-Since my son was competing and I wanted him to be comfortable, I let him have the bedroom and I stayed in the living room...we happened to be the last room in the building so we were right next to the emergency exit.  I don't know what type of clientele frequents this hotel but there were people tromping up and down the stairway all night laughing and hitting the walls and tripping up the stairs and again laughing.  Sadly, I got very little sleep.-There was a door that was open in front of the elevator on each floor (something they could probably close and lock to keep people from using the elevator if needed).  The door did not seem to be able to keep latched and kept shutting so sometimes when we came up to our room on the third  floor there was closed door in front of us when the elevator doors opened.  It was kind of eerie and made me very uncomfortable.- The area was sort of questionable for me.  When we drove up to the hotel I felt very uneasy then later that first night on our way to dinner we were stared down by some guys that were sort of gangster looking and pulled up to a guy who was on a motorcycle and when he leaned over he had a gun in his back waistband...I hope he was an off duty cop.  We sort of laughed it off but I felt very uneasy and the next morning my son told me that he felt a little unsafe and had a hard time sl
5	My family & I stayed here for 3 nights. The staff is AMAZING and do anything to make your stay perfect. James was so great to us! The free breakfast was great, parking was easy, hotel is easy to find, rooms are clean and nice. Thanks for the great stay!
5	The place was clean and staff was very friendly!  The breakfast in the morning was always good and a perk that I didn't expect was the dinner service that was included if you stayed during the week.
3	Large clean room. Here three days for tradeshow. Having a frig microwave and real utensils and worksurface is a big plus.
4	Large, clean suites await you!  Have been down the street at the RI and finally our company made the move.  Best switch!  Staff is friendly, undergoing renovations but it's fine, and the internet is so much quicker than the dial up speed at Residence Inn.  Room is on the poolside, for the interstate side I can see being loud.
1	Run!  Bugs at this hotel and they aren't even participating in any of the Hilton quarter promotions. First floor has had rooms with bedbugs. Find another Homewood Suites, or suck it up and deal with the awful internet service at Residence Inn. The staff at RI is great and at least they make an immediate effort to make things right.
