3	one of my favorite places to go in pittsburgh with friends. good place to chill, eat, drink and watch the game, and maybe some pool afterwards. the food is not bad, they have pretty good deals for those who are on a budget. "dollar burger night" where you build your own burger is fun, but the patties can be dry sometimes, so remember to get them sauced. iceberg wedge salad is a good salad to have, the wings arent as good as you would like, i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overall its a nice place to go because it's cleaner than most bars you will go and it serves better food than other places as well.
3	Nice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.
2	I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing "The Hangover" at Loews across the street.  Incidentally, "The Hangover" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  Okay, back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  There are plenty of hightops, plasmas and a few booths.  It's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered a guinness as usual, Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay, not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  We ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were crisp enough, but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay I guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  He asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out, which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie's I've been too.  They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  Maybe I'm being too critical... I tried to order the baked goat cheese, but they were out... So, I settled on the hummus appetizer.  This was surprisingly pretty good.  The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  It's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  Matt had the hot wings which I tried one and it was okay, your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  All in all this place isn't that bad.  If you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.
4	Fantastic food. This place is mainly a "bar" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
4	Don't even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard, cinnamon butter, and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1/2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good...
3	An absolute must if you're going to a movie and want a drink ($3 drafts and $5 special martinis) and some half-off apps on a weekday from 5 to 7. However, we were bothered that none of the special martinis actually resembled a real martini. No gin or vermouth was used, it's mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.Anyway, the small plates made for good "upscale" bar food. Half-price apps make for a cheap, but nice, dinner and a movie - great, great specials. However, I would not buy a full-priced dinner here. Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was small but delicious, and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn't match up exactly.Be warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously, the booth was like sitting in the mouth of a whale.
3	The Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather...  Lovely for loud large groupsVaried menu with some original itemsGreat place to watch a game inside with a huge barFun locationGood place to take out of towners.The Cons: The food when I went yesterday was not great.  We got the wrong sandwich, our order wasn't as described because the kitchen was out of "lots of things"  (Tell us when we order, not when you deliver the meal without elements on the plate.)  Can be loud--not a place for a romantic date...The bathroom condition was really bad.The server did comp up an appetizer, and they were friendly enough.. they just failed to wow. The view was great, and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to "Pour some sugar on me"  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?
3	Went there on Saturday night following a movie at loews.  We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their  multiple large flatscreen tvs.   Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas.   The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark.   It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey.   The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with all the different ethnicities represented.   gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight.   Miller Lites are $4 a pop which was a big downer as i got my $85 bill for two apps and multiple miller lites.  Great atmosphere and probably a fine place to watch the pens game.Food looks like its hit or missAll in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie.
1	The words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.We went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.The food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*By 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.Instead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.Bar Louie:  You are dead to me.
2	I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. The place was near empty and there were three waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks, and it took them 15 minutes to come...no, not alcoholic drinks, two waters and an iced tea. This should have been a bad sign, but at this point we ordered food.20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress, to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in a few minutes. Another 20 minutes, still no food, and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress, she says she will find our waitress, who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well, you never even checked on us, so of course you didn't). After speaking with the kitchen staff, she informs us that she "definitely" put our order in so it "must have been given to someone else by mistake." Because they wouldn't have noticed that that WASN'T what they ordered? Seriously?The waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and, since we were starving, we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later, our food and the bill arrived. All that was comped was the iced tea, and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. How generous! We shovelled what we could into our mouths, did NOT leave a tip (thankfully, we didn't have the added gratuity that John had), and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part? I opened the wetnap, and it was totally dry. Of course.However, I gave this place two stars instead of one. That's because my food, when I finally got it, was perfect. I had the Greek burger and it was huge, cooked exactly how I like it, with delicious toppings. I really wish I could come back here for the food but...hell no.
3	Service has always been good and the food consistent, we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there's some great deals on drinks as well.Things that stand out to me: veggie wrap, fried zucchini, hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter, and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)
2	Let me just say that this used to be a place I loved.Remember when you'd go somewhere and have good food, great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few months you'd go back and have it all again? Well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in a way that you can't describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me, that is Bar LouieI can't say the food is bad. I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale. I will say I still ate them so shame on me. My  sandwich (the Mario) as always was very good.Now here comes the bad:1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE. I felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump. At one point I had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer. I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.2. The place is enormous and they had one, very nice, but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.3. Because of number two our service in general was not good. I can't totally blame the girl she did the best we could. I mean. I've played Diner Dash on my iPad, I know what happens when a place fills up too quickly when you are the only one working.It's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better, but like an absentee father it'll just let me down again.
1	We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. They took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.for 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
3	Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.
3	Although I wouldn't  travel out of my way to have dinner here, this is a resturant that I enjoy having a meal at, when I am in the Homestead water front. On all of my visits here I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for.  I've found myself craveing the tempura shrimp, and the accompanying sauces. The first time I ever had dinner here was as a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me. I attach eating here to having a special night out in the Waterfront. Bar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food, that is.
1	When the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
1	I was looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice, sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. All around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.I am giving it one star, though it deserves none, because our waitress was nice, if a bit inattentive, and the hummus app we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves a lot to be desired.This is probably the first place I've been to where they charge $10 and up for all mixed drinks. To me, that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant, as much as they wish they were, and paying almost $60 for three drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. As I mentioned the waitress was friendly, but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good, but if it want to spend that kind of money, I'll go somewhere that I can get good service.
1	I came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
4	Went here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.
1	The absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!
4	I've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.Drinks are good, service is good.Location is great as well, right across the movie theater.
4	love the ambiance and food!!
5	$1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.
4	haha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price. i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha.
3	It was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition, their drinks are expensive!  Just one cocktail could run between $10-$12 and they aren't very large.  Our waitress spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs.  There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that I don't know that I will come back here.
3	I personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for what it is, and our waitress was a bit lackluster.So why does Bar Louie get 3 stars? Happy Hour and a nice patio!Happy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -- $3 Drafts, $4 Wines, $5 Martinis, and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and I ordered 4 Martinis and 3 Appetizers between the 2 of us, and our bill was less than $40 total. Not bad!I ordered a Strawberry Peach Bellini and a S'Mores Martini, and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good, and I would order all three items again in the future.My recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!
3	This place was pretty good food, but the service however was just horrible. As a friend said they hire for looks, not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table full of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn't even attended too until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. The food was pretty good, but because of the service I won't be returning.
3	As far as chain restaurants go, Bar Louie is ok. I really like their appetizers and their salads, but I don't care for their burgers or pastas. Their drinks are ok. They're normal corporate restaurant drinks...i.e., Applebees.Service is hit or miss. Last time I went, I had just fine service. The time before that was also just fine. Sometimes the server is a little spazzy and seems new or doesn't know wtf he's talking about. (Once, I went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it was red zinfandel. I had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is, in fact, pink. I still don't think he believed me. It would've been amusing if it weren't for the fact that it was actually annoying). Things I like: calamari, pretzel sticks, wedge salad, some of the sandwiches. Things I dislike: frozen burgers they sell for $1.Great to stop in right before a movie at Loews, though! :-)
1	Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
4	I must say, my experience last night at Bar Louie was wonderful. I was hesitant to go because of the other reviews here, but my husband convinced me to give it a try. The place is seat yourself and it's LOUD in there. I was a little underwhelmed by that at first but I got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy.Our service was fantastic. Courtney was great - super attentive, brought our drinks out in less than 5 minutes, brought our food quickly, checked on us just enough... And the place was packed.The drinks were perfect, just strong enough. We tried the Peach Lighting and the Tiki drink. I liked the tiki thing better but that's just personal choice. There were real berries mixed into that one. Yum.On to the food... My turkey/ham/Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband loved his burger. The highlight of the meal though was the Whiskey cake. Sonnet-worthy.We'll definitely go back again.
5	One of my favorite places, and they have thee Best Lemon Drop Martini's... Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent(Superman) very handsome guy
1	Meh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies. It's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce. Tuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
2	I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up, but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher, so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice, that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks, but explained it away with "this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped".  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time, not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though, in my opinion, they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.
1	We stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.Both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap?!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back.Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
1	I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
4	Man, haters gonna hate.  Listen, y'all, Bar Louie isn't fancy.  It's just not and their extensive martini list won't fool me.  However, the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays), I will continue to be a fan.  FYI, It's a fanatically cheap movie & dinner/drinks weekday date spot.
2	The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
2	Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
2	Eh, this place was okay but it was sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a Saturday night.Bobby and I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps, no one will bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats, we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn't all that busy, either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait.
4	I rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before a movie.  Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers.  Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from 5 to 7pm on weeknights, your pocket book will thank you.The two of us diners selected three appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation, quantity, and quality.I would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone).
2	Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality.
2	I don't frequent Bar Louie, and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place.The food has been decent - a few years back I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it, glutton that I am - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never "wowed" me. And while I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often, the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly, not to mention that I think most of the drinks I personally like don't qualify for the happy hour discount, which is disappointing. Once I stopped in with friends after a movie and one drink cost me $10 here. Not even a large one, either! Sorry, but I find that to be kind of ridiculous, especially since there's cheaper places to get drinks in the area.Still, the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced, so this place would be rated 3 stars in my mind IF I could hear myself think when I eat here. But good Lord, they're just so loud! I always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool, Bar Louie. Not cool.So while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon.
3	My sons a and I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat a "burger" (beef, chicken, portabella, or turkey) in a bun with lettuce for a buck. Then you can add toppings to complete your burger at a small cost-cheese 75 cents, veggies 50 cents, Artery Cloggers 75 cents, sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like 9 different cheeses. You can also get a basket of tots or fries for a small price as well. My burger was $2.25 after I added toppings. Is it the best burger I've ever had? No. But is it the best $2.25 burger I've ever had?  Yes. It's kind if a Russian roulette as to how your burger will come to you cooked. Mine was well done and one if my son's burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don't mind a little pink. I love the tater tots!  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy!!Our server was great and we'll definitely be back.
3	Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads
5	Great atmosphere and rather humble, especially for a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly, even if they are busy. I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu. I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp. Be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!
