4	The Sports Book at Green Valley Ranch is a good place for football game day whether or not you're a big gambler.  The main wall of the sports book is covered in flat screen televisions, showing 8-10 of the main football games being played at any one time.  Compared to the sports books on the strip, the screens are a little small, but Green Valley has made some smart moves to compensate.  First, they have installed about 33 small televisions in semi-private booths, so you can always switch to the game you personally want to watch on your small tv while keeping an eye on the main game broadcast on the big screen (the audio piped into the sports book is from the main game).  Some folks feel that the semi-private booths make the sports book seem a little cramped or less communal, but head there on a football day and you'll find plenty of people talking to each other about the game or just yelling at the screen over a referee's bad call.And, unlike the insanely overpriced drinks on the strip, Green Valley offers a variety of drink specials depending on the day.  On football game day, they offer $1 hot dogs and $1 Budweiser beers (self-serve) and a number of hard-working, very friendly cocktail waitresses who are always roaming the room if you'd like something else.If you're a gambler, the sports book also does a good job keeping the lines short by staffing a lot of ticket registers.  If you've ever tried to place a bet in the last ten minutes before kick off, you know how important that is.  Bottom line: a solid place to watch football with enthusiastic fans/bettors.
4	Good sports book. Bar is real close, putting down anything usually over $20 gets you a few free drink tickets. Lots of energy when a major event is on. I really enjoy the entire atmosphere of GVR Casino.
4	This book is located inside the Green Valley Ranch. Plenty of parking in private lot and right next to parking garage. Best to park in garage.This book is tied to the other station casinos. They're all pretty similar and have the big NFL football contests and you can even get entry money back at the end. They'll do anything to keep you coming in.Also during football season they have $1 hotdogs, soda, beer and chips. Sweet deal if you like football and love heartburn.The lines are always up to date and give a lot of prop bets. They book almost every sport and horseracing. They have a VIP area you can sit in except when it's busy. Otherwise there are a lot of seats and a lot of tv's. Plus a big bar attached and restaurant and deli right next to it.The books not open 24 hrs but open late.It's a great all around book to bet at when in the area.
5	Took a break from slots and games and walked out to The District for some shopping!
