4	There's only so much grease and cheese and sodium and meat derived from rat ass that I can handle. Once in awhile, I need  a workday lunch that doesn't feel like I pulled the pin of a grenade and swallowed it. Rumbi Island Grill gives me some veggies that weren't boiled into oblivion, a bit of chicken and some spicy sauces. My usual choice there is a small jerk chicken bowl with Rumbi rice. I sprinkle this with generous squirt of The Hot Cock (aka Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce). The chicken tastes real. And there's nothing wrong with some rice and beans. Plus I don't wind up feeling like that guy from "Supersize Me." Or worse yet, Jerrod!I still wouldn't mind a moratorium on steel drum music, though...
4	I like Rumbi Island Grill. It's different from Chipotle, Baja Fresh, Pei Wei but in the same genre of food. Order and they serve it. Well, they are different in that what they offer you is to be different than what's out there. And to a lot of degree it is. You like it Hot....try the Jerk Chicken. You like in Island inspired, the pulled pork is just pretty darn good. You like the "Island Experience" get it with authentic Macaroni Salad....yes that is really Hawaiian having lived there for 5 years surfing big waves and being a fine artist there. Sandra said today " The salads are better than Sauce"!!!!! That my friends is a giant endorsement coming from a "hard to please" person who has been stalking me for 35 years. Where else can you get Mahi Mahi?? It's blackened and very good. What is really neat is you can go Teriyaki or Jerk at the same time. Get noodles or brown rice on all their bowls. Pretty darn good for a change. Try it...you will like it.
4	My friend who I was visiting and I went here for a fundraiser type of a deal.  I don't know what I was expecting but I really liked the island concept of the place.  My friend recommended a salad and I got a Caribbean chicken salad with some sort of coconut rice, chicken,  oranges, pineapple, tortilla strips, etc.  Well, the salad was huge!!!  The honey lime dressing was very flavorful and complimented the salad well.  We shared the rumbi fries, which were a combination of sweet and regular fries, and as aforementioned in some other reviews, I love the sweet potato fries and wish they all could have been that (do I sound like the Beach Boys?).  The decor was pretty cute and the music was great (Marley, Buffett type stuff).  The rice bowls looked fantastic, as did the sandwiches.  The prices were pretty good, considering the amount of food you received.
1	Remember that scene in Elf when he pours syrup on spaghetti?Rumbi serves the same thing-- except with teriyaki sauce. Everything is bland served with teriyaki sauce and a pineapple... because THAT makes everything taste better.The chicken looked like it was pre-cooked and the grill marks were drawn on. The salad was nothing special. The decor, makes me want a Mai Tai, which I wished they served. Instead, they had a large assortment of Mexican bottled sodas. One star because , it was still edible. But-- shit is edible but you shouldn't do it. With better food choices nearby, why Rumbi?
3	The employees here are really nice and I like the island feel. The food is pretty good and I like it because there aren't many other places in town with Hawaiian food. I also like that you can get beer here.
1	The Rumbi Island Grill restaurant is no longer open at the 4280 E Indian School Rd location.
