5	There are very few good places to eat breakfast in Las Vegas without going into a casino.  There are the chains like IHOP and Blueberry Hill, and while they are solid they are not great.This place is great!  The portions are huge, the wait staff is great, and the prices are extremely reasonable.  You can get a giant omelet with toast, bacon, etc for about 8 bucks.  The omelets are great, but I recommend the stuffed french toast...and you can't leave the place without eating the pancakes...very tasty.Very busy most times but well worth the wait.
5	The pumpkin bread and banana bread are freshly baked and served piping hot.  My girlfriend and I loved this place so much we actually came back the next day for breakfast.  The omelettes are ridiculously huge...you won't leave this place hungry at all.  Definitely go small if you don't have a large appetite... the regular sized omelettes are made with 6 eggs, whereas the smalls are made with 3-4.
5	I'm simply speaking of it's name sake for now.And the small 3 egg versions.Been twice now. Best breakfast in town in my opinion. Reasonably priced also!Gotta go with ones gut feeling. My gut says, perfect eggs, love the tatoes, and the Pumpkin, or whatever that other heated cube of breads they offer. YUM!!I'll still shop around town. But I found me a real strong contender if not winner! Certainly on those weekday morns. Weekends safe to say, Crowded.Haven't had their coffee yet due to starting at home first.Got's to try the Joe.Save me that table by the window please.
4	Great food, reasonable prices, friendly service
4	I've been wanting to try this place out for a long time.  I'm always looking for a good chicken salad for lunch.  Their Cajun chicken salad was actually pretty tasty.  The spices were just right and there was a decent amount of chicken on the salad.  I'm not a huge fan of Iceberg lettuce, I would have preferred Romaine Lettuce or a Spinach Salad.The portions are good and the price is reasonable...There's not too much to not like about this place...Now I just need to go back and try one of the omelets and the pumpkin bread which everybody raves about!
5	Those who read my reviews know I have A LOT to say.   But for once, I shut up and just shoveled the massive amounts of food they serve here down my gullet.  And to reflect that mood, I will keep this review as short and sweet as I am able to do.-Sub egg whites for $1 more-Make it a three egg omelette instead of the regular 6, -$ .95-Chicken fried steak is a MUST try.-Try the pumpkin bread. . .I'm hesitant to say this but. . .it's better than the one I make (and I make a damn good one!)Eat here next time you're in Vegas. . .I sure will!
4	This place looks like a dump so you're expecting your food to suck.  HOWEVER, the food is delicious!  Huge portions, very tasty, great sides, attentive wait staff, all in all a great deal.  It's a bit dim inside, reminiscent of a casino, and the wait for your food can be a bit long when it's busy, but it's well worth it.  The banana bread is some of the best I've had.  My omlette could've served three easily.  i ate half and gave the other half to a friend, who heated it in a microwave and said it was still delicious an hour later.  PS  The photos of the food on this page make it look nasty, but it's really quite good.  Looking at those thin cut fries makes my mouth water in remembrance.
4	If we hadn't come here with locals, I  may not have found this place for myself. It's entrance it tucked way up back in a strip mall. It's the kind of place I like, though. you wind around down different corridors, into and out of small dining space. You can tell that they just kept expanding into the neighboring retail spaces. Oh, and 1982 called and they want there fake flower displays back.The Omelet House would have gotten five stars, but our server was a little crazed about taking our order within two minutes of sitting down. Seriously, she first came to take orders at about :45 seconds. When we said we needed another minute, sh must have taken us too literally, because she came back about :60 second later. Cripes, girl, it's my first time here and you've got four pages to look through.*EGGS BENEDICT ALERT*Really, really good eggs bene!  Probably one of the top five Hollandaise sauces I've had, flavorful, little tangy, just the right amount. And those taters!  I got to have potato chips for breakfast and not feel bad!
5	This place looks like it's a million years old, but the service and food are awesome.  Had the eggs benedict, the they throw on some kind of seasoning that's like paprika and parsley over everything.  Tasted real yum.  Their potatoes are off the hook.  Banana nut bread is really good, pumpkin is ok.  Waffle is nice and large, too.  There is a lobster version of eggs benedict which is supposed to be the bomb but I have a seafood allergy so no thanks.Be careful of how much you order - don't order 3-4 things like I do even if they sound/look good.  Great for a bunch of hungry guys.  Not far from strip.  Travelers will feel welcome.Big parking lot.
4	This is a very good diner. I've eaten here several times, and this time Holly was my waitress...she'd been working there for about a year but I've never run into her before. She's pretty good, tried hard, very nice. The food is pretty good, pretty fast, pretty reasonably priced. Great place for groups, very accomodating and convenient. Aside from the homeless beggar outside the door working the crowd, I'd have rated this place 5 stars on the coffee alone (YOWZA! That's good coffee!).
4	My parents insist on eating here every time they come to town. Not that I mind of course. The bugsy omelet has suckered me into trying to gorge myself on several occasions. It has Italian roast beef in it...and is scrumptious! My Mom loves the Popeye omelet, which has a lot of spinach in it. The home fries are really good too! I sometimes visit the other location on west Buffalo because it's closer. I heard they opened one in the new Alliante casino, I'll have to try that as well.
4	This place is located in a run down little strip mall and isn't much to look at from the outside. It's one of those places I would never have gone to unless someone had recommended it to me first. That would be Yelp, in this case. I'm glad I found it, though, because the breakfast here is great.Their omelettes are gigantic! No one in my group was able to finish theirs. I had the Black Forrest omelette which had mushrooms, ham, and swiss. The eggs were perfect and the cheese was nice and melty. But it was just too big. I should have exercised the option to make it a "baby omelette" for $0.85 less. I had considered the option, but decided it would make me look like a wuss. I didn't want to order something off the menu with the word "baby" in it. That's worse than ordering off the kid's menu, as far as I'm concerned.There's one thing that troubled me. There's one omelette on the menu called the "Flatlanders Special." This is what it is word for word from the menu: Raw liver, parsnips, peanut butter, organically grown black jelly beans, sauteed grunion lips (2), gardenia petals, and topped with mint ice cream (Subject to when grunions are running). It costs $69. I don't know if it's for real or if it's some kind of joke. Thinking about it now, I'm really kind of curious about it. That aside, this place is great. Definitely check it out when you're in town. Oh, and don't leave without trying the banana nut bread or the pumpkin bread. Or both.
5	We stumbled upon this place by accident several years ago while in Vegas.  We were driving around looking for some place to eat breakfast and it finally got to the point of JUST FIND SOMETHING NOW I'M STARVING. And that's when the Omelet House sign appeared out of nowhere.  This is my favorite place to have breakfast EVER.  Great good, friendly staff, great food, huge portions, great food.  I have never been disappointed yet.  I wish we had a Omelet House in Phoenix !!!!
4	whenever i visit my friend in vegas, we grab breakfast here.  good food and great service.  today i had the sausage patties and eggs with a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  the soup was a little salty, but it still hit the spot.  the pumpkin bread is freakin awesome!  this is a must have to compliment your breakfast.  two of my friends ordered the lobster eggs benedict and it looked good.  lots of lobster chunks and covered in sauce.
3	Overall: Found this restaurant off of Yelp so decided to check it out. It's a family owned business serving typical diner style breakfast. Go here if you want hearty breakfast with great portions for the price, but be prepared to feel stuffed and a bit overwhelmed. Ambiance/Location: In the back of a strip mall, also a bit difficult to find (when you turn in, look on the back left of the parking lot). The inside is cute, with various curios on the walls and old pictures of famous people and their Best of Las Vegas articles (they won several years in the early 90's). Food: portions are HUGE (each omelet is made with 6 eggs, 4 if you downsize to the "baby" size). We ordered the "kitchen sink" which literally has everything in it from stew meat chunks and chili to bell peppers and onions. The lobster fest is filled with lobster, avocado, and cheese. Both tasted good, but were a bit overwhelming and heavy. (ie. if you are on any type of diet, you probably don't want to be here). Omelets are accompanied by potatoes cut like thick chips and deep fried, as well as a side of pumpkin bread, banana bread, toast, or English muffin. I highly recommend the pumpkin or banana bread which were hot, moist, hearty, and well-spiced. The pancakes were also pretty light and a bit more cake-y than others I've had. the syrup was thin and very sweet, not very flavorful. Service: friendly wait staff -- they recommended that we split an omelet between 2 people and were right (we didn't even finish)! Price: $9-11 per omelet, they didn't charge us the slit-plate fee of $0.95 so it is a great deal if you share. $5.40 for 3 pancakes.
5	This place is great. You have to be in Vegas with a car however as it is not exactly close to a lot of other things (but it is a very short drive from the Strip, etc.) The food was excellent - the selection of omelets was amazing. The Plymouth Rock - (turkey, guac, cheese, some veggies) was great. There is an option for a slightly smaller omelet for 89 cents less. Unless you are a huge eater you probably are going to want to go for the smaller one - because you get Pumpkin or Banana Nut bread with the omelet!
4	4.5 starsPumpkin bread is warm. Leave off butter.HUGE portions. Great and attentive service.  Every waiter/waitress helps you, not just yours. Spuds are not homefries northerners are used to. Corned beef hash was actual chunks of meat and obviously not from a can!  (can't say the same about other places).Mile high omelet was too big to eat and I am big guy!Kitschy decor, but who cares with that when the food is good!Packed for Thursday morning, but didn't have to wait. If you have a car and you are near the strip, take the drive out. You won't be dissappointed!
5	This is by far my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas.I started off at Jamm's as my favorite breakfast spot, but I heard about this place and had to try it.  I went with a friend one weekend morning and scanned their menu for something good to eat.  Everything sounded great, so I went with my usual Denver Omelet and my friend has corn beef hash and eggs.I have to say--their food is excellent.  Their breakfast potatoes our OUTSTANDING and their omelets are fluffy, full, and satisfying.  Great seasoning, not too much cheese, and just the right amount of filling, too.  Those breakfast potatoes are heavenly--I couldn't get enough!  I try to eat here once a week now because they are worth the trip.  If you want a great breakfast for very affordable prices with an interesting atmosphere, get off the strip and try this place.  You won't regret it.
3	First taste at this omelet house - sign says it's been around since 1978 - yeah, i can believe it and my guess is at least 1/2 the servers have been there since day one. Gf and i had omelets - big surprise - she went with the veggie, i went with the porky pig - i'm guessing 5-10 eggs in each , a seriously huge omelet - we didn't eat 1/2 of it - hope it keeps for tomorrow's bk. comes with potatoes that closely resemble potato chips. tried the banana bread and the pumpkin bread ( more like cake ) tried a bite of each - very good. Overall, just ok by me - like the old school feel to the place, but after a couple bites of the omelet just felt like it was lacking much flavor - my guess is they used farmer john skinless links for the filling - not much of the lil buggers either. total cost with coffee , $22 so it ain't exactly cheap eats , sure i can take 1/2 our order home but i doubt it's like day old spaghetti, pizza, and the like. and yes, at Scott's directive, I took some pics with my cell phone but the banana bread looks more like meatloaf then bread !! happy eating
5	GIGANTIC portions of breakfast treats and potatoes, now that's what I'm talking about!Just 10 minutes away from the main strip, the Omelet House is definitely a place to get your money's worth. I ordered the Shrimp omelet that was about half the size of my head, and to top it off, it came with a side of spuds and toast. Saving your appetite for the buffets? No, save your appetite for the Omelet House, A must-try breakfast place!
2	Substitute cheese for actual flavor, burnt & limp potatoes, portions huge, unable to split checks, locally run. I support cuz its not a chain.
5	this place is ghetto-fabulous, and that's definitely a compliment.  it has an old-school greasy-spoon feel, but it's homey at the same time.  the portions are huge, and you can get tortillas instead of toast!  this place is always good for a hungover weekend breakfast....avoid the crazy $40 juice they advertise on teh tables, though.
2	After all I heard, I was disappointed in this place. The breakfast was OK. Yes, the potatoes are exceptional and the quick breads a nice touch. We sat in a banquette & I noticed dirt & dust in the corner. If I see this in the front of the house, I can't help but wonder what the kitchen looks like! My husband's omlette tasted vaguely of shrimp, which made us wonder if the pan had been cleaned.I'm sure there are better breakfasts in LV.I
4	If you love big plates of food in a kitschy ambiance, Omelet Place is definitely your place. There are so many different types of omelets that I was stuck. I told the waitress that I was debating between the lobster omelet and the chile verde omelet. Her decision, let the coin decide! *LOL* So I ended up with a chile verde omelet.http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/9oejaQafFch7vjEiHoCQ4g/l Very good. I could only eat a few bites because I ordered some pumpkin bread with my meal. That bread was piping hot and so flavorful. Hubby had the country fried steak. http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/B4JKIvsJHlQu-uVp165kYQ/l  He liked it. It wasn't the most fantastic CFS that he's ever had, but he said it was good.The staff was extremely nice and the price was just right. It's in North Las Vegas but not that far from the strip. The other cool thing that they offer is a mini-omelet. It's cheaper too. I totally forgot though.
4	When you go to a place, and its named after a dish, for the love of everything, order that!The omelets here are super huge and super filling.  The height of the omelet alone is just shy of an inch! They super fill the omlet as well, I don't think this meal is made for a normal person.I also love how they do the potatoes!I wanted sausage and biscuits and regret not ordering an omelet.  The gravy was pretty weak and lacked in flavor. (-1 star)The staff were super nice and welcoming.  The place is pretty packed with regulars and not many tourists (like our group).If you drove to LV, or willing to cab it, I'd say its more than worth it!
4	An institution when it comes to breakfast. Been here three times now and one thing about their omelletes are the servings are big. We ended up splitting the ginourmous "kitchen sink". Which had everything. The taste was ok for me. Except they went all out on the beans. Part of our party enjoyed it and ordered it twice already.  It was like eating two omelletes. I tried their lobster benedict which is ok. The pumpkin bread was good. The mile high omellete I ordered was a little dry. Everyone elses food came out ok. The Belgian waffles are huge and so are their waffles. Most of their dishes come with spuds and we all enjoy them extra crispy. We ended up ordering an extra order coz it was that good.The only issue I have with them is that their drinks are overpriced. Regular coffee, tea, or soda is 2.75. Their pancakes have a hint of baking soda that we could tell. Overall the service is what makes them shine. They do take good care of you. It's that at home feel that makes this place a gem that we sometimes miss being around big business. I know they will stand the test of time since they have been here a long time. Whenever in Vegas this is one of our stops for breakfast.
4	one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...In Vegas for NYE & gave this place a shot per other Yelp reviews. I had the chicken fried steak (which is pretty much my favorite breakfast) & the girlfriend had huevos rancheros (didn't try but looked good). Overall, the food was very good & the place has quite the kitschy ambiance. I prefer chicken fried steak to be an actual cut-of-meat steak rather than a ground steak product. The former is rare & this place served the latter. The gravy, however, was distinctively outstanding & the potatoes, served as home-style chips, were pretty good too. If you're looking for breakfast in Vegas & not in the mood for the $50 buffet with the obligatory gluttony that accompanies it, Omelet House is a very good, much lower cost option that still serves up ample portions.
5	By far my favorite breakfast joint in Las Vegas. Started with pumpkin bread served piping hot with a side of real butter. It was kinda wrong to put butter on the cake-like bread, but it was sooo melty delicious. And since I was on vacation and calories don't count on vacation, right? I ordered blueberry stuffed french toast which was DIVINE. Husband ordered a ham and cheese omelet which was the size of a baby. The food here kept us happy and full on through dinner.
4	Place: kitschy, not here for ambiance, although it was a neat little country diner-ish type place.  Seems that many people riding motorcycles also frequented this place.  If there were such a thing I think I'd call it a biker breakfast boutique ... LOL.Food: The breakfast was certainly one of the best that we encountered on our journey.  The omelet was indeed huge and all the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  The pancakes were also very large and fluffy, tasty treats.  Even the waffle was good, crispy on the outside, tender in the middle.Bottom line:Can't go wrong here - great food, great service.  Only thing slightly lacking might be the ambiance, but seriously, it's breakfast ... shut up and eat.
2	Went there with a bunch of ppl. Got seated very quickly for abotu a party of 20 people which was kinda surprising. But this place was more like an Omelet Mansion the size of the place. Reason for the deductions in stars was because a friend noticed there was actually a cockroach crawling all over his utensils. I alerted the waiter or whoever was helping out and didnt realyl get an acknowledgement that this was not right. We could've been asses and created more trouble, but we were there for a family function and didnt want the rest of family to be bothered if we changed venues. A star is added due to the good service by the waitresses that handled us. I'm sorry about the bad review, and I know sometimes as a business, things can be alittle out of their hands, but regardless, a cockroach was found and on the eating utensils and table. HK's parting shot -- -- raid please.
4	I came here not realizing that I came by here one time before on my last trip to Las Vegas.  Being an out of towner, I found this place through Yelp the last time and found it again through Yelp, without realizing that I've been here before.  Both times, I was very happy with the choice.  It's a breakfast / brunch type place with good food.  The ambiance is very fitting.  You'll find a very eclectic mix of people.  I had three OLD people next to me, a gay couple across the room, and a bunch of families and younger couples too.  The decor is all wood paneled in a woodsy cabin from the west sort of look.  I liked it.  It's simple and clean.  The location is about 3.5 miles from the mid-strip and a short car-ride away.  It's in a strip mall with nothing going for it from the outside.  It's got a cheesy "Voted Best Breakfast" banner outside and from the looks of it, you'd never tell that it's crowded and popular inside.I got the egg white omelet and a pancake.  The omelet comes with your choice of toast, pumpkin bread, and banana nut bread.  I chose the last one and it came piping hot and really tasty.  I put butter on it and ate it up.  It was also a good sized.  Everything was good sized.  The omelet was huge and tasty and perfectly done.  The side was potatoes thinly sliced like chips but more soggy like fries.  I liked it.  The pancake was also tasty and perfectly prepared.  It was like 9 inches across and 1 would be more than enough for most people.  I had to take it to go after finishing my omelet.This place is good for American breakfast food prepared right at very reasonable prices.  I'd recommend this to anyone looking for exactly that.
5	I eat here every Thursday morning at my networking meeting.  The potatoes are a "Home Run" with the great eggs or any omelette.  CeCe is the best server in town!  Love omelette house!
5	i woke up at the crack of dawn on my second day in vegas. the bff and i were still running on miami time. he asked me what i wanted to do and i said i'd love to have a big breakfast at a little dive by the side of the road somewhere in the desert. having been to vegas several times already, he knew just where to take me. the omelet house is clean and cozy and the wait staff are darlings. i ordered the popeye (spinach, mushroom and swiss) and asked the waitress if she could add hollandaise (i know, fat attack, shutup). she cheerfully obliged and before we knew it, our orders were brought out. the omelet comes with a heap of freshly fried, seasoned potato chips and one of several bread sides. i wisely ordered the banana bread, which was an enormous, piping hot slab of moist, fragrant bread with a little cup of butter. obviously i HOUSED that shit - well, half of it - and took the rest to go. omelet house will always hold a special place in my heart as where we ate before we drove half an hour down the road to see the hoover dam.
4	The omelets are HUGE!! If I'd known this I probably would have gotten the "baby" size which I'm sure is still gigantic.I had the popeye omelette which has spinach, mushrooms, jack cheese, and I added bacon. Then they give you the option of pumpkin bread or toast. I had the pumpkin bread which came out first, steaming hot with a side of butter. very good! Overall, this place is a fun breakfast spot to check out. Kinda hole-in-the-wall, country diner feel, but tasty! The only disappointment was weak coffee, and we'd been up since 6:30, so I needed it.I went with my boyfriend and his two little ones (2 and 4) and the service staff was very friendly to the kids and accommodating to their needs.
4	off the beaten path but worth the drive. very good, clean, reasonable and better than eating on the strip. worth a return visit!!
4	My group decided to have breakfast here before heading home from our weekend in Vegas.Still sick, and having spent the entire weekend violently throwing up with food poisoning I had no intention of eating anything else that i'd end up tossing 5 minutes after consumption.However, my sister and boyfriend INSISTED I try eating something so I hesitantly ordered a cup of their chicken noodle soup. Because the soup was the first thing I'd been able to keep down in 2 full days my opinion may be a little bias but...IT SAVED MY LIFE. It was perfect for my sick stomach. Lots of veggies, big chunks of white meat chicken, and not salty at all! This was the best homemade chicken noodle soup I have ever eaten.. The next time I am in Vegas I'm having a real breakfast here!
5	Absolute best place to go after a night on the strip... if you're still alive. Not very convenient if you don't have a car, but if you do, try this place for breakfast. This is the home of the "10 egg omelet!"
4	I like the kitchy atmosphere and the old servers who have been here for ages. I dunno, it's just a good, "loved" vibe about and it was bumping with a mix of people from club kids to old timers who probably have been coming every Sunday since '79.  I got the lobster egg benedict and the BF got a Joes Special- which the menu lists with "ground beef, spinach, garlic, onion & jack cheese and secret seasonings" .It was decent benedict, very homey, diner benny with a solid hollandaise.  I like that their potatoes are a cross between potato chips and griddle scalloped potatoes. BF couldnt finish his omelet. It was a hefty portion though I see now you can order a "baby" size which still is quite a portion. His omelet was pretty tasty from the bites I tried. It has fluffy egg which is my big schtick with many places who make it so well done it just gets too dense.Best part is they have something for everyone with their extensive menu. It took us quite a while to decide and probably will each time. Now that we at least tried the breakfasts, I will try to order a lunch entree next time.This place was so hyped up by people that I was afraid to go, but I think it's a solid comfort food breakfast spot with friendly, family establishment hospitality.
3	This old establishment is the typical coffee shop.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak.  I thought it was a pan fried variety, but the server told me it was deep fried.  The steak was breaded lightly and the breading was peeling off the steak.  This is typcial of pan fried, but not typical of deep fried.  This means their breading technique isn't good enough to keep the breading on the steak during the deep fry.  The steak was average.  The gravy had a lot of bits of ground sausage, so that was a plus.  More sausage than other places I tried here in Vegas. The Biscuit was small in comparison to other biscuits, but I can tell it's homemade by the flacky texture.  It was a very good biscuit.  The potatoes are thick potato chips.  Different, but burdensome.  Not used to having to use a knife with breakfast potatoes.
5	The first time I went here, it was totally accidental- typed in the GPS that I wanted food and bam, first thing that showed up. The second time was not so acccidental, although I did end up at the other place... THERE ARE TWO LOCATIONS! The Charleston one is super busy all the time with little parking, so take a little longer drive and go to the other one! (:Food wise, its as good as it gets. I got the Californian omelette- perfect for Avocado lovers like myself. The specials are good too-pork chop/steak. My friend got the lobster omelette, which he raved to be really good if you like seafood. Be sure to get the pumpkin bread with your food, its very moist and warm and delicious! I was so tempted by buy a loaf of that amazingness.And the servings are HUGE. The lady said six eggs are used, that added with your toppings = leftovers or a really full tummy!
5	This is the best homestyle cooking restaurant in Las Vegas. We heard about this place through the Entertainment Book (coupons not accepted on holidays). First of all the inside is Kitsch- it's like Grandma's house, basically. Prices are reasonable- about $10.00 per person. We've been come here for breakfast and lunch- open 7 am to 3 pm daily. The best thing for breakfast is the Eggs Benedict Lobster for $9.89- two  eggs, avocado, chunks of lobster, hollandaise sauce on top of an english muffin. It's heaven! We've had the other omelets but if we come for breakfast,  we always order the Eggs Benedict Lobster- we love it. Lunch is usually burgers (my husband gets the mushroom burger for $7.69- mushrooms, american cheese, lettuce, tomato & 1000 island dressing) or sandwiches- like the Cajun Joe- cajun seasoned chicken, mayo, lettuce and tomato for $7.99  (but there are other things on the menu like salads & chili). Both breakfast and lunch is served with their signature potato, spuds, which is really good (unless you have them soggy, which happened once). Service is usually very good. This location is like  a tee-pee. Especially crowded on sunday mornings. Local celebs eat here. This is one place I would really recommend to out-of-towners and other locals alike.
4	Fried zucchini is your friend.  Banana bread is your friend.  Pumpkin bread is your friend.  Sharing an omelette is your friend.The last piece of advice is especially true because the omelettes served here are huge.  I definitely had trouble finishing an omelette myself (I didn't finish).  The fried zucchini could be a meal in itself.  Crisp batter, tender zucchini, and ranch and cheese sauce.  Doesn't get better than that.  One thing to remember if you decide to go here is that their portions are HUGE.The country in decor is cute and the servers were all around some of the nicest people I met in Vegas. Definitely sharing next time, but not the banana bread or the pumpkin bread or the zucchini.  :)
5	I have been coming here for about 10 years. My aunt had found it on one of her visits to us and said we would try it. Thank goodness we are breakfast ppl! There are 39 omelettes alone! Not to mention regular breakfast offerings such as fluffy waffles with a hint of almond flavor. They also offer lunch, burgers, sandwiches and soup. The Fried Zucchini is amazing, light batter around thick cut spears of squash. I ordered the Lobster Fest omelette, baby sized for .89 cents less, its 3/4 the size of the reg omelette avail on any omelette, this was stuffed with chunks of sweet luscious lobster and slices of buttery avocado. Accompanied by homestyle spuds and choice of warm pumpkin nut bread, toast, or when available, banana bread. I always say I'm going to try lunch, but inevitably end up with a scrumptious omelette.
5	Love the omelet house. The first time my husband and I went, it happened to be my birthday, and we were on the hunt for a brunch spot to start the day. It's close to our house, and I love all things breakfast food, so it won. Turns out, if it's your birthday, you get your meal free! (not drinks, and not "extras", but the first time they let me add on to my omelet for free anyway - can't hurt to ask). Now it's our birthday tradition :)I tend to get either the lobster omelet or the lobster eggs benedict - I just love those feisty crustaceans. The portions are definitely huge, but they make great leftovers, so what's the big deal? Both lobster meals are very heavy on the lobster - giant chunks. If I'm feeling saucy, I add bacon and shrimp to go with the included avocados :)   The potatoes are kinda homemade chip style - not always awesome warmed up later, but nicely seasoned. And the pumpkin bread is worth getting an extra side.
5	Awesome food, huge portions. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely eat there again.
4	If you're tired of waiting in line at all the big hotels and want to eat brunch off the strip, this is where you should go.  All the plates we ordered we're filling and large.  Some noteworthy items on the menu: Chicken fried steak, pumpkin and banana bread, and the corned beef hash!
5	My new favorite breakfast spot in downtown vegas! Their corned beef is AWESOME and so is their banana bread.  I always want to try one of the omelets but i can't pass up corned beef so my review is based solely on the corned beef and banana bread.  Just thinking about it is making me hungry!
4	Typically I'm not a huge fan of breakfast restaurants as they tend to be boring and "plain."  However; Omelet House does not fit into the previous category as the menu is ridiculous. If you can't find something on this menu that you like, you probably don't like food. Tons and tons of omelet creations to try that very from simple to outrageous (but you can always customize your own as the staff and kitchen is willing to make customers happy).  Love the chunks of chicken, shrimp, tomato, guacamole and fresh cheeses.  If you happen to not want a fabulous omelet, no fear, the menu does include the typical breakfast offerings of waffles, french toast, pancakes as well as lunch fare. Extra perks I love:-flavored coffee creamers on the table (yum)-banana and pumpkin bread served with omeletes (HUGE hunks of warm, fresh bread served before your entree)-kitschy decor (makes you feel like you're in "grandma's house" as it's not pretentious or stuffy)
5	So I go out to Vegas at least once a month and this will be my new favorite place to come for breakfest!  Best place ever great big portions you can get baby size which is 3 eggs instead of 6 eggs for the omelet the biscuits and  gravey are amazing the service was great and quick Richard  was the best waiter ever!!!
5	This is The Place you have been looking for and couldn't find for years. This hole-in-the-wall is an old time throwback to happier times with just plain good old grub that don't cost an arm & a leg. Super omelets with a menu selection that reads like a book. The home fries are different and yet very good, so is the homemade corned beef hash. Come hungry.
4	I found the omlet house thanks to yelp! I read the reviews that the hash was  good, I'm a big hash fan so I had to try it! It was good it wasn't amazing, but definately good. Really fresh with chunks of corned beef and potatoes, good flavor! My boyfriend ordered the Hornet omlet, man it was HUGE you could definatly split, he didnt care for the omlet at all.... It was worth trying but not as good as we had hoped.
4	Went here to try it out since it has been a while since I ate here. I would have never thought that this place is pretty big until the hostess sat my bf, daughter and I. Pretty good place to bring a big group of people. They have lots of different omelets, which they all sound really delicious. Out of all the omelets to choose from I ordered the "Just Cheese" which is an omelet with your choice of cheese, but I added mushrooms since I love my mushrooms. When the waiter brought out my omelet, man was it huge (good to share with someone). I even ordered the baby size, an I was full after my 5th bite. The potato chips that it comes with is really good, it was crispy and fresh. The waiter forgot my pumpkin bread, I did remind her that I never got it, even though I knew I had no room in my stomach I just wanted to try it. Pumpkin bread was really delicious and you can tell that it's made fresh. I am definitely coming back to order the mushroom burger! That's a must try if your a mushroom fan (the very first time I came here I ordered the mushroom burger so I know it's really good).
5	very good breakfast... cheap... plenty of food, nice service, good coffee, good joint
4	We have now added this to our must eat list while in Vegas! How can you go wrong with 38 choices of omelets and I think I could have sat there and ate the homemade banana nut bread until I popped a button. This is the only place that I have had an omelet and had the "stuffing" was throughout.  Our only disappointment was that we found this place on our last day in Vegas so didn't get a chance to eat there more than once.
3	The Omelet House is pure calorie overload, and as you might suspect there is nothing gourmet about it.  However, knowing what you're going in for, it's good classic comfort (read: deep fried) food.  We started with the fried zucchini at the suggestion of the waitress, which came with ranch and orange "cheese" sauce, and was good in that it just tasted like fried dough (I'm not sure why they even bother to put zucchini inside!).  I had the scrambled eggs with wheat toast and potatoes - for those of you who don't like your toast pre-soaked with butter you must ask for it dry, and beware the potatoes are sliced like potato chips but are not crunchy... not really my thing, but my boyfriend loved them.  He got an omelet made-to-order with spinach and cheese and mushrooms and it was enormous, but he made a good dent in it.  :)  We also got the pumpkin bread and banana bread on the side and both were moist and tasty.  My better half said the coffee was surprisingly good, and we both found the service to be very friendly and quick.Oh, and as far as location - if you're not a local, be prepared to pay about $20 for a cab from the strip to get here, which is pretty steep considering the bill for two people was around $30.
5	Great old fashioned setting, mostly the locals eating here. Good food, friendly service, reasonable prices. Recommend you SHARE an omelet, and definitely get the pumpkin bread.
3	Its a pretty large breakfast with good service.
4	We eat at the Omelet House every time we are in Las Vegas. They have SO many choices it is almost overwhelming. The food is excellent and I LOVE the hot pumpkin muffins!!!It is located in a strip mall area of Vegas, but there is always a line, and that is a very good sign. The first time we ate here we stumbled on to the place and decided it had to be good if the line was so long.  We talked with several people in line and about 90% of them were locals....also a very good sign.Excellent breakfast and a nice break from the action of the strip.
5	I was on my way to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets and used the Yelp app. on my phone to find a good breakfast spot that's not a buffet. This popped up and just based on four stars and one dollar bill sign, I headed over there. It's literally a hole in the wall and when you walk in it looks like a country kitchen. The waitress called me hun and asked if I wanted pumpkin bread, banana bread or toast. I chose pumpkin bread since it's pumpkin season and when she brought it out it was steaming hot!! I ate this with the side of butter and loved it! I ordered the California omelette with avocado, cheese, and sausage and got the baby size. It was huge for one person! It also came with a side of home made potato slices. I ate half the omelette and saved the other half for the drive back to California. Not only was the service great but it was fast! I was in and out of there within 30 minutes.       I don't know why I have to go all the way to Nevada to get a damn good California omelette, but I'm making this a regular stop for all future Vegas trips.
5	I've been eating here for 28 years................literally in my mother's womb I was ingesting this GOODNESS! It is my go-to breakfast comfort food!  I've tried many a things but my go to favorite is the Californian omelet......oooooey goooooey jack cheese goodness!  The potatoes are my favorite in the city, even in the country, hands down no questions asked!  But the reason I continue to go here is the PUMPKIN NUT BREAD.........what!!!???!!!???!!!  I cannot get enough nor can I duplicate this recipe at home; makes for a great excuse to go back!The decor kinda makes me nuts........lots of STUFF everywhere, but that's not what's on my mind while I'm eating there.  And the hostess, the older woman that works during the week................LOVE her!!!  I can go six months without eating there (at one point it had been over a year) and she still remembered me!  I felt special!  It's the little things like that, that make me want to go back over and over again!=)
2	It takes a lot to make me feel impressed and in a city like vegas that feeling is almost doubled. However the omelet house was good but really wasn't that good.A lot of omelet choices and a few other items. I went with the lobster and something that resembled crab mix omelet. Not really anything amazing. Large portions and the pumpkin bread was the only thing worthwhile. Service here was, well, it's probably better to list how it wasn't instead of was. But maybe it was just a bad day for her. I dont know.. I would skip here if offered to go again. It's on the same level to me as Denny's and oddly Denny's i think is a lot better.
3	This was more filler food than anything. The "Joe" omelet I had was really bland. I had to dump lots of cholula sauce on it in order to taste anything. All was not lost though as the side of fresh potatoes chips was decent. Just had to dab it a few times with a napkin to get rid of the grease. If you're needing volume to refuel in the morning this is your place...but if you're more into tasty meals look elsewhere.
1	Nothing extravigant...im a sucker for eggs benedict...but not when it has powdered hollandaise sauce!!
5	Get the Lobster Omlet... delish.. Lobster & eggs may now sound like they go together, but they really do... Plus great service!
4	Potatos are amazing, a very solid breakfast choice. Bluberry infused french toast is ridiculously filling
4	downhomeyummybreakfastfood.eat it.
4	An old-school off-the-strip joint with tons of omelets including the "Kitchen Sink": they throw everything in it and hope it works.  Highlight: Pumpkin nut bread
5	Four star breakfast place bumped to five stars for the great service and the value for your dollar!  Love this place =)
5	Best omelette in town.  Try the banana bread
4	I loved going into a restaraunt and being greeted with a "hi honey"!  The service was excellent and the food was down right home cooking!  Hearty food that mom always made!
4	If this restaurant  was closer to my house , i would come here more offten , the portions are huge. jus the way i like it. I had the chorizo omelet with chedder. I skipped the potato and had  a side of tomato instead :( dam diet. I had the potatos before and they are great ,cut a little thicker then chips.  The country fried steak looked good, i think i might try that next time. Service was very good.
4	My man and I got to enjoy breakfast here when I was child-free for the weekend. There were so many omelets to choose from. I decided on a bacon, cheddar and broccoli half sized dish. It was still HUGE (I would hate to see what the full size looked like). The potatoes were yummy and well spiced and the pumpkin bread should have its own food group. I also enjoyed an orange juice concoction with what I can only guess was sprite and spices (weird I know)....it was delightful. The server was a little cutie pie. You could tell she was quite young (probably 15 or 16) and just super friendly and adorable. I felt bad  because the table behind us was really rude to her (I think they were from Jersey). I wanted to get up and slap the mean and nasty chick upside the head (my mommy instinct kicking in) but she handled it well.  Will come back here when I get to that neck of the woods.
4	Been here a few times and the location on Maryland Pkwy that closed down. There are a couple items that make me come back and that would be their 'Real' Corned Beef Hash, Fresh Potato Spuds (like Potato Chips) and their homemade Pumpkin Bread. And as the name says "Omelet", not only are they great, they are also portioned for heavy feasters!Homemade Pumpkin Nut Bread: Very Delightful Treat, more like a Dessert for me!Homemade Corned Beef Hash: "Best you ever had" - their description.. Eventhough it wasn't quite the Best I've ever had, it was close! Chunky, Prefered and Always makes me a Happy Camper! Fresh Potato Spuds: are super thin twirl slices of potato and lightly fried. Some parts are crispy and some are a bit chewy.. Unique, Not Filling and Delicious!I've tried a few of their Omelets that did not Disappoint!"The Cowboy Special"- homemade chilie, cheese and onions"Farmer Juan" - bacon, onion, tomato and cheddar cheese"38 Special - for all you meat lovers" - ham, bacon, sausage, cheddar and jack cheese"Chili Verde Omelet" - pork, green chili sauce with jack cheeseI love the Chicken Ranch Decor and their Creative Menu Item Names and Descriptions! Servers always giddy and quick to serve and Prices are Reasonable!! HHHHMMMM.. Now I'm Feeling Breakfast,..Tonight!!
4	We LOVED the Omelet House!!! We can't pay the prices of meals on the Strip, so heard of the Omelet House and had our two breakfasts here. Prices are amazing - the average 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, bread of choice was like $5.95. Yes! And their potatoes are homecooked and crispy - almost like potato chips. Their bacon is done just right, crispy and lots of it.  All their plates of food are large and with the breakfast comes a choice of banana or pumpkin bread. The place is large, with room after room filled with locals. Both times we went there during the week the place was packed. We'd be here weekly if we lived in Vegas. Which, thank god, we do not.
4	Breakfast today, it's Omelet house and I got a favorite of mine, the cheese, bacon, and mushroom. We got fast service and the food came nice and hot, but my omelet which had cheddar cheese in it, had way too much cheese and someone had added chicken? Since I was very specific about bacon, I was surprised to see the chicken. I think that perhaps my order was mixed up with someone Else's, or the server didn't hear me correctly. It wasn't that bad, but it was a disappointment that I didn't get my bacon. Since my husband and I often watch our carbs, (we try to go pretty strict) we both got sliced tomato's instead of potatoes. I think they have pretty good potatoes and of course the pumpkin bread, which we did pass on this time, is always good. This place is good for breakfast and I would recommend it to anyone who loves a good breakfast.
4	Servings are huge and delicious! The banana bread is OMGahhhhh yummy!!!!!
5	DELICIOUS!!!! Went there for lunch with my fellow co-workers...it was all of our first time! I mentioned that to our waitress & she gladly explained the menu & the freshness of everything!! I ate the Eggs Benedict with Lobster!!! YUMMY!! Chunks of lobster was fresh not rubbery and potatoes are delish too! Their banana bread was OMG good!!! Cozy atmosphere and fast & friendly service!! Definitely will go again! :)
4	As always.  Great food. Can share.  Had silver dollars pancakes.  Friend had a turkey burger with to die for chips.  Not the prettiest place from the outside but worth the trip
5	Yeah no surprise here.  A gem in Las Vegas I think.  Yes, it is an old place, old like someone in the 60's just can't.... get out of the 60's.  But there's nothing wrong with the 60's.  hahahaFood is excellent.  Some stuff is greasy, but who doesn't like a little grease every once and a while.  I've never had a bad meal there.  I'm eaten there maybe on 10 separate occassions.  I've tried everything, and they have everything.  The meals are more than enough to fill you up.  The prices are average.  And it isn't all deep fried crap you can get anywhere.  Good, cooked food, in a nice old place like your Grandma would take you too, this is totally a 5 stars place.  If you don't live close to it, it is totally worth the drive.  Excellent, excellent, excellent.
4	I had a waffle and the syrup was not your average maple. It almost tasted like it had cherry or almond extract. It was a pleasant surprise.My husband had "The Californian" omlet and loved it. It was HUGE!
5	Okay, so the coffee is awesome...the food is even more awesome. All I can say is, 6-egg omelets. Yeah...6!! The pumpkin bread is so good...and yummy fluffy pancakes too! They have these potato "chips" that are amazing. Cece was our server...she  was the absolute BEST! HI CECE!!! :) So, I'm ALWAYS going to come back for breakfast whenever I'm in Vegas. ;)  Until next time...mmmm.
4	I've dined at this restaurant multiple times and I must say the food comes to the table in a timely manner and overall service is great except this dark cloud I noticed approaching my table. She goes by the name of Old Lady Susan.. Mannn my heart dropped when I come to realize she was my server once again.. My past experience about a month prior to this date.. She made mistakes on my tables order and just had an old lady grouch to her demeanor. I didn't ask to change sections for a new server. I believe in giving second chances but yet another awful experience.. I must say this place is great when Old Lady Susan isn't around to bring in the dark clouds.
4	What more is there to say that hasn't been said already?  I come here almost every time I visit Vegas.  Omelets are made with half a dozen eggs and they're awesome.  And of course, absolutely order the banana bread.  I honestly think it's the best banana bread I've ever had.  On the other hand I finally tried the pumpkin bread and it's just a much tamer version of the previous.  So skip out on this.
1	After all the great reviews my husband and I decided to give it a go.... wah wah wah. Hubby ordered chicken fried steak and banana bread. He said the bread was awesome, and that the chicken fried steak was o.k and that Big Dogs is better. I ordered the American Cheeseburger ( i know i ordered a cheeseburger in a breakfast joint ) but I was still thinking its a family owned diner it should be good. BIG Mistake..it was hands down the worst cheeseburger I have had in my life! The meat tasted like it was old and from one of those tubes that you buy for 2 bucks at the store. It was burned on the outside and pink in the middle, over worked dry and tough, the bun was wet from the wilted veggies. It actually made me sick ( i only are 2 bites )The atmosphere is unclean and it smells like dirty grandmas. I dont know how it got so many rave reviews... I guess people have no taste buds! And to top it off it was 35 dollars ( with my daughters 1 pancake included ). Stay away unless you like being sick and paying for it.
5	Amazing!!!!! So glad I tried this little hole in the wall. It is decorated in 70s theme but I think thats because its been open since then! It gives the homey kinda feeling. I have only had breakfast here but there lunch menu looks good too.
4	Superb selection and great service. I only give 4 stars because we have only been there once and I want to leave room for improvement
4	More like 4 1/2 stars. One of the best places for BF in Las Vegas. Huge portions and reasonable prices for the quality and quantity received. I use to frequent Omelet House with clients but it's been so long since I've last visited. The matradee is the same sweet lady that's been here for years and my waitress was so kind and sweet. My order the health nut omelet made with zucchini, green peppers, Jack cheese, mushrooms and onions. The entree came with sliced potatoes and delicious pumpkin bread which is the bomb! There was so much food I was lucky to eat even half of what they served me. See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=q5y_MbZeZtrzrk17-08ZCwIt's nice to see some things haven't changed in Las Vegas, Omelet House it one of them. I'll definitely be returning here again.
5	amazing everything especially potatoes, banaba bread and lobster omelet yummmm!!!
4	Solid place to eat lunch.  Sometimes I have eaten breakfast foods for lunch.  Quality food, friendly service.  Parking is a bit of an issue and sometimes meters is the only option.  If they had fries instead of the slightly odd (IMO) homemade chips, this place would be my number one lunch joint.
5	Ridiculously good...If you're in Vegas and want to eat a great breakfast try the Omelet House, it's about as good as it gets, staff is super friendly, and the food is amazing. I tried the Lobster Fest w/ banana bread and their addictive Potato Spuds and to be honest, with you, couldn't remember when I'd had a better omelet, I walked away stuffed and raving about my meal.  I consider a few things in Vegas "must try," like Sammy's LA Pastrami & Burgers or the Oyster Bar in Palace Station, and without a doubt Omelet House has joined the list.  Considering how the good the food is here and the proximity to Downtown and the Strip, it's well worth a drive to have an amazing, reasonably priced breakfast.
4	A Vegas institution with expertly executed breakfasts and other traditional comfort food. They are known for their fried zucchini sticks with good reason, a delectable light crispy batter seasoned just right makes these a hit.  The pumpkin nut bread ($1.99) will take you back in time, yeah, go ahead and add the butter, it's ok. Decor is straight out of a midwestern restaurant you would find in the country...lots of wood, chickens, and cheesy murals, makes you feel like your at grandma's house. Most items priced around $5-$10, service is speedy and friendly.
4	Fantastic neighborhood place. A "Must Visit" when you come to town. Pick the pumpkin bread over toast, you'll be glad you did.
4	Enjoyed breakfast this morning and our waitress Cece was the best.  Definitely recommend this place.
4	This is a breakfast place like a breakfast place should be.  You can say it is a little run down or you can say it just has a homey feel to it.  The service is efficient - not exactly friendly - but good.  I kinda wanted to call the wiatress "Flo."  Just for fun...Anyways, I had the Huevos Ranchero.  I don't know why I would pick that here, but I did.  It was the best gosh darn sauce I have ever had.  It had some umami too it.  Tasty.  Muy Bueno.  Large portions too.  The place was very crowded.
3	We went there for breakfast a Monday morning.  It was near noon, but they serve breakfast all day.  The place was pretty crowded and seems to be popular with older folks. It's very kitschy, but it has that old mom-and-pop diner atmosphere, and that type of menu as well.  We tried their stuffed French toast and their pancakes combos. The food was good, tasty enough, but not particularly outstanding or inspired.  Basically, this is your typical all-American breakfast joint.Full review at http://www.marga.org/foodblog/2011/08/omelet-house-las-vegas-review/
5	You will not be disappointed... It is worth the cab ride off the strip.. The place appears small, but it can fit many. Everyone (including the owner) lends a hand to sit you quickly and refresh your coffee. The menu is simple the chioces are numerous, and the servings are plentiful... I would even recommend getting the jr omelette for .90 cents less for those who don't eat to much.. They make the banana and pumpkin bread fresh themselves, which looked delightful. Their rendition of hashbrowns is very unique and tasty! I can't find a single thing bad about this best kept secret, other than I wish there was another near my home....
5	Delicious! Of course ive been relying on yelp for restaurant navigation and everyone wanted breakfast. Our hostess was such a sweetie!  She had a great sense of humor.   And our waiter was fun and on top of things. Our bill was bout $70 and we left a $20 tip because all of us liked him. Our food was really good. With our breakfast, we had these potato chip style potatoes w/seasonings. Yum! A must try is their homemade pumpkin bread...they serve it warm and give u butter. Even my picky mom enjoyed it!  She stole some of mine and then changed her order to pumpkin bread.  There are a million omelet choices (as if you couldnt guess that by the restaurant name).
5	LOBSTER EGGS BENEDICT!  Im leary of eating seafood in breakfast joints....so yummy ! Nice staff & rapid service !
5	This is our go-to breakfast place whenever we come to vegas!! I wouldn't call this place nice, as it looks sort of dilapidated on the outside, but the food is AMAZINGG.I think this just might be the best mom and pop place that I've been to. The inside sorta makes you feel like you're at grandma's house with all the little knick-knacks (is that a word?) and vintage posters. The service is alright. I would say it's a hit or miss because sometimes they make me feel so welcome and are really engaging and other times its just standard, not bad though. The omelets come with bread. Don't get the toast, GET THE PUMPKIN OR BANANA BREAD. I LOVVEE the pumpkin bread so I usually get that. Its totally tastes homemade, straight out of the oven good. Mmm  There's no one specific omelet I always get but everything I've had here has all been really good. The omelets are ridiculously huge and for pretty cheap too, so you might wanna share with someone, which they'll conveniently do for you for a small fee. The potato chips that come with the omelets are homemade too, which you can taste. Sooo yummy and fresh. I've just recently got discovered eggs benedict (i know, what??) and this place has amazinngggg lobster eggs benedict!!! mmmmI haven't found an equal to this place back in orange county so I can only get this yummy breakfast on my trips out here :[ I guess that gives me more of a reason to come back? ahhaha
4	Reasonable prices, healthy portions, speedy service. What more can I say.I had the Greek omelet and the oh so decadent banana bread. Hubs had pancakes and bacon. Our waitress was very sweet and never let our coffee cups get empty. All the carefully placed knick knacks lent to the atmosphere as well.
2	Wow I was shocked that my breakfast experience here was uh! I've been bringing clients and have dined at the Omelet House for years and this was my first unpleasant experience here. I ordered the chicken fried steak with potatoes, eggs over medium and a biscuit which would normally go good with gravy. The Chicken fried steak was yummy and so was the gravy but what was horrible were the potatoes which were under the chicken fried steak. The potatoes were so greasy I couldn't even eat them. Second complaint was the biscuit which was like a dinner roll! I confronted the hostess who took the unfinished potatoes and showed the cook. She advised the waitress later bc she wasn't around and she advised me that was is the way their biscuits are made and she also explained she didn't know what happen to the potatoes which are usually crispy. Nothing was offered like new potatoes or even a discount which was shocking. I still left a minimal tip because I didn't feel it was the waitress's fault but was disapointed with the end result!
5	My favorite place for breakfast just about anywhere. Get an omelet (you can't go wrong with any of them), pumpkin bread, and potatoes. I moved away 2 years ago and I STILL crave Omelet House.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  The scenery on the outside will throw you off a bit and the parking is horrible but once you are inside, the staff is extremely welcoming and attentive.  I have been here several times and I love going back again and again.  The food is great and the decor reminds me of my grandparents' place.  It's very cozy.
1	I have been to a lot of restaraunts and worked in the hospitality industry for over 18 years and I can clearly state "THIS IS THE NASTIEST PLACE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO."  Right from the get go, the smell here is horrific.  Why did I not turn around right then you ask???? Great question,,, I am going to say that the stench is so overwhelming it puts you into a mild coma and you are not able to clearly function or think straight.  That caused me to to stay.  I was also having not such a good morning so I just gave in and figured something to eat would help.  I ordered a polish sausuage sandwich on sourdough.  Let's just say that the cup of mustard that was on this aboration was too much to handle.  I brought it up to the server who could care less excetp to say "Yeah, that's a lot of mustard".  That was his solution.  So in a nutshell:1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.2) The food cannot really be called that.  The slop they serve is litterally unedible.  3) The service staff has ZERO clue what service is and how to take care of anyone.  This place should honestly be blown up.  What a pit of despair.
5	Been eating here a long time. That should say it all. Sit in Ce-Ce's section!! She is too funny!!!
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots to go to after working a 12 hour shift and not eating lunch the whole time.  Just looking at the menu makes you all so full already. Menu contains all sorts of dishes from breakfast to lunch, from Mexican to polish.  Definitely something new to try each time you come.This place gives excellent service.  When I'm eating here it feels as if I'm eating at my lola's (grandma) house with all the antique collections.  The feel is very warm and cozy.  As soon as you come in to the door you're greeted right away and seated.  So many people come and go.  Only thing, worst time is around 8am. All medical students come and eat breakfast there.  But as quickly as they seat you and you order...your food comes in less than 10 minutes! As for the food, I had the "egg white special." not your typical breakfast size.  Even when you split the food, your plate is still overflowing! I like how their potatoes are like chips...quite different!  Most of all, the favorite to have here is their pumpkin nut bread. Comes warm and fresh from the oven. Every time you come, it's must!Over all, excellent and quick service, great and delicious food and cheap prices!!!
2	Meh. The  big crispy homemade potato chips are awesome and make this really a 2.5-star place, but I can't in good conscience round up to 3.No one greeted us when we walked in, and we had to wait a while to get someone to seat us, and our waitress was not exactly friendly and I felt like she just wanted to push us out the door the whole time (they close at 3 and we arrived at a little before 2). I had a feta cheese omelet which was huge (I didn't feel hungry for the rest of the day) but lacking in flavor (and feta). The pumpkin bread was a nice touch, but nothing amazing, and the coffee was weak. Also, two omelets, a soft drink and a cup of coffee totaled over $30 which just seems totally ridiculous for this kinda place.
5	I seriously eat breakfast here a couple of times a month.  They have a few healthy options.  You can get an egg white omelet half portion.  Sometimes I even manage to force myself to order it.  Usually though, I get the eggs benedict and grub like a lumberjack.  No this place is not trendy.  Your food will not be served on small plates and it will not be innovative.  But what you will get is super huge portions, good food, GREAT coffee which is constantly being refilled and reasonable prices.  This place is a Vegas institution and I love it!While you may not be a fatty if you skip it, you're a fool if you miss out on the homemade pumpkin bread.
4	This is a great spot for breakfast off the strip.  It doesn't have much appeal, but it makes up for it with the food.  The Omelet House has the best banana nut bread hands down.  The omlets and other breakfast items are good, but you definitely need to eat here for the banana nut bread.
5	This place was awesome.  But beware though, a lot of food. Make sure that if you get any omelets. Get the 3 egg one. That is big in it self. Waffle special is go too
5	Spent four nights in Vegas last week and had breakfast here twice. First time I ordered the comp banana bread and The Californian omelet (jack cheese, sausage, and avocado) - truly the best omelet i've ever had. So delish! Two days later I ordered the comp pumpkin bread and got the same omelet: it was THAT good! Both comp bread are excellent but the pumpkin bread is my favorite - served warm with a pat of butter - heavenly!! Also served with the omelet is a huge pile of homemade potato crisps...but omelet was so large that had only a few crisps, which were slightly salted and quite good. Definitely recommend this place!!
4	This is a locals breakfast joint.  It's been around forever, and hasn't be redecorated since the mid-70's. The servers are mostly older, and have probably been working there since the place opened.  The decor and the service is 'Meh'.  This isn't a Strip restaurant.  It's a small hole-in-the-wall place in the middle of a strip mall.  They are not trying to impress you.  BUT, the omelets are really good!  5-eggs, in every possible combination you can think of.  The potatoes are like thick chips and SOOOO yummy.  The plates are huge: I'm a big guy, and even I can't finish a full plate.  If you can deal with the servers, the wait, and the decor, the end result is really worth it!Place is kid friendly, but large groups are probably going to have to wait a while...like I said, it's a small place with a few room extensions.Every friend I've brought to this place has become a fan and returned on their own.  That should tell you something.  =)If you did the drive to Vegas, and it's your last day, I would totally recommend this place as your last stop before you hit the long road back to LA.
4	I think the locals have spoken. This is a good place too eat. The layout of the restaurant is awkward (since we walked through a dining room then past the kitchen to the back dining room). Along the way it's decorated with random old collectibles. Interesting.So we had the Homemade Corned Beef Hash and the Lobster Eggs Benedict. Both were really good. Thank you quick tips. Portions are huge! Also the pumpkin bread was awesome. Get it!Originally came in there with a GROUPON Now deal only to find out that it was for their OTHER location. SAD FACE. Oh well.. still worth it.My ONLY issue was there was black stuff in my water. Gross. 3.5 stars from me.
1	How lame you can't do substitutions on omelets. A $10 omelet is now $13. Screw this crappy place, I won't be back!
1	My wife and I went for breakfast the other day. We had been to The Omelet House a few years ago and decided to go again. I am not a big breakfast person so I decided to have the Grilled Ham & Cheese sandwich. My wife ordered one of their six egg omelets. My sandwich was very tasty. I did also enjoy the potatoes that came with it. They are sliced like potato chips, but not cooked to a hard crunch. They are soft and crunchy at the same time. My wife said her omelet was quite tasty as well.I am sorry to say that in the long run I was not very impressed. When we arrived we waited to be seated a good three to five minutes. The restaurant was only about half full at the time. Once seated we also had to wait to have anyone come by and get our drink order. That was almost ten minutes. I don't know what kind of tea they serve, but my tea had a strange taste to it. My wife ordered sourdough toast with her omelet. When it arrived I was drenched in margarine to the point she had to send it back and ask for it dry. My sandwich, even though tasty, was priced way too high. The slices of bread were not very big, the ham was not very thick and the cost was close to eight dollars.I have to say that our server was friendly and did the best she could. The food was pretty good but overpriced. All in all it is just an ok place to go. I can't say about the other locations. I ate at the Charleston location. Maybe the others are better.
4	3.5 stars, rounded up.My family and I decided to escape from the touristy buffet scenes on the strip and wanted to find where the locals go to get their grub. It was around brunch time and found the Omelet House on my Yelp app, sounds good!The ambiance had the homey feeling, with the picture frames and figurines on the wall. The chairs were sort of janky, but I didn't care. For the food, they have a large selection of entrees, especially for the omelettes. My parents ordered off the omelette menu and my brother had the $5.99 breakfast special. They also have other breakfast options if you're not an omelette fan like me. I ordered the huevos rancheros.The food came out and wow, the omelettes my parents ordered were GINORMOUS! How many eggs do they use to make a serving? Looked like half a dozen. It also came along with potatoes that are sliced into coin shapes, such an interesting take on homefries. However, my brother $5.99 breakfast special looked so small, which my parents donated some of their omelette for him. My huevos rancheros was perfectly portioned and loved it. the tortilla chips were a great addition to scoop up the refried beans, salsa and runny egg yolk on the plate. My parents couldn't finish their omelettes even though they gave a portion to my brother. Overall, great hole-in-a-wall joint. Definitely recommend those who are bulking up on protein or just simply love eggs.
4	NEVER had a bad time here. This is my first review
4	I missed this place! There use to be one much closer to my house but that one closed down. The place is very cosy and vibrates with energy. Not the best place for VEGANs because everything has eggs or dairy, but for vegetarians, pretty darn yummy.  I got the Jolly Green Giant which is an omlete FILLED with veggeis.. but since american style restaurants are always so gigantic in portions i got the baby omlete size. I love that there's such option!!! Their potato spuds are a sinful delight of homemade potato chips. Greasy and salty but SOO yummy!!! Come check it out!
4	I've now been to this restaurant twice - both during short, quick visits to Las Vegas. The first time, we stopped at here because my parents practically demanded that I give it a try! We stopped in on our way out of town for both visits, and it really was some of the best food and service for both, too.The first time I ate here, I ordered corned beef hash, which came with eggs and potatoes if I remember correctly, and I got one of their sweet baked breads instead of toast. DELICIOUS! I also ordered a side of pancakes and split them with one of the people I was with - actually, come to think of it, I remember giving him a decent sized portion of all of my food. They don't skimp on things, let me tell you!The second time I ate at this delicious restaurant, I tried the Eggs Benedict Lobster - SO WONDERFUL! The hollandaise isn't too rich, which I really appreciated. I rarely every enjoy hollandaise, unless I've made it myself - theirs complimented the flavor of the lobster. The eggs were done perfectly, the potatoes were delicious, and there were actual chunks of lobster. I really enjoyed my breakfast.Speaking specifically about the second visit, myself, my partner, and our best friend were traveling. We ate at NUMEROUS places during our 4-day stay in Vegas (even a restaurant that ended up having a film crew there from the travel channel WHILE we were dining there!), and I must say, the service here blew every other place out of the water. Before eating here, we were all talking amongst ourselves about how absolutely horrendous all of our customer service experiences had been at almost every single place we'd dined at. Say we ate at 8 places - only two of them were nice, and one of those two was better than nice (guess what - it was Omelet House).Also, it should be noted that both times we stopped in, they were pretty busy - and yet we were sat pretty much immediately.If we go to Las Vegas again, this place will be on our breakfast list, for sure.
5	This place was great.  HUGE portions.  Great coffee.  Took some of the suggestions of reviews on here. Get the homemade pumpkin bread. I had the corned beef hash and it was very tasty.  Apparently they do the corned beef themselves.  My boyfriend had the cowboy special omelette (with chili in it).  He was happy with his food as well. On a whim we got the fried zucchini.  You must try it.  We came back the next day and ordered it to go on our way out of town.  Mmmmm greasy goodness.
4	Looking for breakfast OFF the strip, come here! This place has HUGE portions and the works. It can, however, take long to get your food since this place is ginormous. We would recommend splitting a plate but they will charge extra if you do. However you can ask for a smaller portion for a dollar off. My one hiccup with this place is that their coffee is watered down. This really is unfortunate but they refill you rather quickly.Oh and this place looks like a museum of figurines. Definitely your granny's place :)
4	When your tired of the casino scene, tired of high prices and just want a quiet off-strip breakfast, then Omelet house is a nice place to go. Its not as over the top as The Peppermill, but it on par with the food. Not sure if I would make an effort to come back out here again, but you won't go wrong trying this place out for yourself.
4	This is a great place for breakfast.  Large portions of well cooked, tasty food.  We went there one morning when we had an appointment downtown and hadn't eaten.  We informed our waitress that we were in a time crunch and she cheerfully made sure we got out of there in time for our appointment.  It's a little hidden away but well worth the search.
1	I went to Yelp as usual to find a non-chain restaurant for breakfast.  I am not a breakfast lover but my hubby and kids are so I am always looking for a place they will love.  This place was highly rated but a complete dump.  Decor aside as anyone can have bad taste, this place was old, run down and depressing.  The place is huge and the service was OK, as someone else noted the coffee was watered down.  The "homestyle potatoes" they serve were just home made potato chips.  We were all a little let down by this since hashbrowns done right can be sooo good.
4	From the outside, you might think it's not all that appealing. It's been there since 1978 and they haven't done that much to "update" (which I rather love). But, Omelet House is the exact right combination of kitsch and comfort. The interior is like a time machine. It's got a very 70's breakfast diner vibe, kind of like a Cracker Barrel, though not as countrified and not manufactured. It feels authentic and their knick-knacks feel curated and not just cookie cutter. It's got a lot of character and charm. It feels like going to breakfast with your grandparents.  In that good way.The staff was so warm and genuinely enthusiastic about the food. When I asked two different servers what their favorites were, they were more than happy to share. They also pointed out that their omelets are SIX eggs and the options we had when ordering: we could get it baby-sized (3 eggs) for .89 cents less. Or we could split the full-size for .95 cents more and they'll give you extra potatoes. So that's pretty cool.The prices were on par with other breakfast spots like Cracked Egg and Babystacks. Maybe a tiny bit higher, but there are six eggs in those omelets. SIX. So you're getting a lot for your money.  Each omelet was in the $9-10 range and they are served with toast (or homemade pumpkin or banana bread) and thin-sliced breakfast potatoes (almost crispy!).  There are maybe 15or 20 kinds of omelets to choose from. I had a baby-sized "green chile omelet", which had pork, chile verde and jack cheese. Even baby-sized, I could only eat half and barely made a dent in the potatoes, which were delicious. Everything was delicious, actually.The look/texture of the chile verde was a little different than I expected. It's not *pretty*, per say, but it was *tasty*. Food around the room all looked delicious, I think it's just the nature of that particular style of sauce.  I'd eat it if offered, but don't know that I'd *order* it with so many other options.Had a bite or two of the blueberry waffle, which was amazing, as well. Light, fluffy with the blueberry compote not overly sweet. Definitely a win when so many Belgian waffles tend to be too heavy or tough.Two breakfasts with one orange juice was $24.65.  A little more than say, Denny's or IHOP, but much, much better.  And we brought home the leftovers to make into breakfast tacos for dinner.  Looking forward to going again... maybe next weekend...
4	The banana bread and the pumpkin bread are absolutely amazing. As soon as you order they'll bring you your choice (if it comes with the meal which most meals it does). The bread is super fresh and warm and served with whipped butter, it doesn't get much better than that. I have actually been here a couple of times and the service is always consistent, very sweet, very attentive staff. The food is sooooo good, I ordered the Petunia omelet and it was great, I loved the crispy bacon in it. Another great consistent food is the potatoes, they are like homeade chips but they go wth everything. I love that they have something different than every other breakfast joint.
5	Great food, Great service, Great value, and Great coffee. HUGE portions and the wait staff are very courteous. These guys and gals understand customer service!  When I'm in the Las Vegas area; The Omelet House will always be my "go to" list for breakfast and lunch . Oh yea...the spuds and pumpkin bread are awesome.
5	Fantastic old-school wood-paneled breakfast spot in a shitty strip mall, staffed by motherly waitresses serving obesity-epidemic-fueling-sized portions of all the regular brekkie foods. Order less than you think you'll need...trust me, it will be MORE than enough!The only bummer with this place is it closes at 3pm...and who the hell is up and about before 3pm in Vegas?!?!?!
5	The standard omelet is made with 6 eggs!  So my wife and I split a plate.  40+ omelets to choose from, lots of good sliced, fried potatoes, good coffee, good pancakes; you just can't go wrong here for breakfast.  Some favorites include lobster or lox egg's Benedict.  The decor is fun and homey.  The service is always friendly, too.
5	The Best eggs Benedict I have ever had.!!!!!
4	We waited for a bit o be seated and it was just us two (bf and I) waiting... but we were acknowedge by a waitress. He got the rio grande (I think that's the name), its #21 and I got the stuffed blueberry french toast. Delicoius!
2	FOODGinormous portion sizes that can be shared (for a fee). I ordered the "Plymouth Rock" Omelet ($8.89), and was told afterwards that it's made out of 6 eggs!!! Ingredients also included turkey, guacamole and Jack cheese. I thought it could have been seasoned better, but I wonder if this is on purpose: catering to an elderly crowd perhaps. On the side was some freshly fried potato chips and moist banana bread. Overall, I was satisfied with the food.AMBIANCEA local breakfast spot, and certainly seemed popular. The interior felt cramped in some aisles. The decor was primarily decked in wood, as well as the walls, booths and tables. It really feels like an old-fashioned diner from a long time ago.SERVICEMost of the waiting staff was pleasant enough. Managed to get a refill for my soda. The main reason for the rating was this: after just eating half of the omelet, and as we were preparing to pay the check, our grandmotherly waitress cleared the table... At first I thought she was going to take it back to box it to go... Nope. And it wasn't just my order that was thrown out. My girlfriend's dish as well. Oddly enough, she didn't take away the banana bread.There are men and women's restrooms.I would have been more favorable with my review, but not being able to take the majority of the food I paid for, left me on a sour note. If you do come here, be sure to watch your food.
5	We were staying in downtown (my first time to stay in DT) so I had to use Yelp for the nearest breakfast place that was worth for our hunger.  Saw this place got 4-stars and price was not expensive.We got here, it was tucked in the little strip mall and walked in...WOW...Old Skool!  Very farm/country style decors, looked like they got stuck in time.  Got the menu and torn between 2 breakfast items that I love...Lobster Eggs Benedict OR Corned Beef & Hash. I asked our server (reminds me of anyone's Mom) what's her recommendations and she said that she doesn't eat lobster. HA! That made my choice a bit more difficult for me as I love both!!! Finally, I chose Corned Beef & Hash and asked for the pumpkin bread (read it was good!).As my pumpkin break was delivered to our table, I was taking pictures of it when Mama server said to put my phone down and start eating!  LOL!!! Pumpkin bread was definitely a MUST try!!! It was good, I finished it before my breakfast arrived!  Mama server said next time I should try the banana bread!Corned Beef & Hash was good...the hash was like potato chips (but homemade).  I had ordered a side of bacon (expensive $4 for the bacon) and extra wheat toast (as my pumpkin bread was gone).  Had a great, filling breakfast the portions were big.  No complaints from my tummy! Discovered a gem, definitely will be back for more when in town!
4	2012 Review #154: When I come to Vegas, I am in one of two distinct groups: the twenty-something group that is in Vegas to have fun and party on the strip, try not to think about how much money is being spent, and stay in a booze haze for 3 straight days; and the group of mostly older people who come to have an easy vacation and do it as cheaply and frugally as possible. My visit to the omelet house was more in my role in the second group. My parents and I came here on our most recent visit. Don't let the skeezy strip mall fool you; this place is worth a trip under the highway.When we saw that the omelets are 6 eggs, we decided to split one omelet three ways. Wise choice. We went with the King of Hearts, which had artichoke hearts, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and cheese. I say with confidence that this was one of the better omelets i have ever had. There was a lot of filling, but the fillings were at least warmed before being added to the eggs, so I didn't bite into any raw onion or tomato. There was just enough cheese without being greasy or too rich, and, to my delight, they probably put an entire can of artichoke hearts in. We decided to just get toast with our omelet, and order a separate side of pumpkin bread. Honestly we didn't really need the toast because the pumpkin bread is a very big portion. I don't really think this tastes like pumpkin, more like a spice and nut bread/cake. It is, however, very tasty. A little strange to eat when it's 100 degrees outside, but tasty all the same. I don't personally like the thinly sliced potatoes that come with the omelets. It's sort of like eating potato chips and it's hard to figure out how to eat them. I'd rather have normal home fries. Our server wasn't particularly good but there were enough other staff members walking around that all our needs were met. They also only charged us one split plate fee, instead of the two they technically could have. The place has lots of cute, kitschy decor and tchotchkes, so it's sort of like eating breakfast in your grandmother's living room. I rarely feel breakfast is worth going out for, but for 3 people to have breakfast with beverages for undre $20 is pretty awesome, and it helps that the food was tasty, too.
4	== Food ==It's fantastic, but the standard options and portions are not for the health-conscious. The star menu items are, of course, the omelets, of which there are 34 to choose from, including quite a few unique combinations (lobster, shrimp, salmon, etc.) I've tried a few of them at this point and have left happy every time.All breakfast items come with "spuds" (thinly sliced fried potatoes) and a choice of toast, english muffin, homemade bread or tortillas. You want to get the bread (Pumpkin Nut or Banana Nut, both are great). While the potatoes and rest of your meal will be tasty, I am sad for people who don't order one of the breads. You are truly missing out should you pass on it.For the health conscious, you'll want to downgrade to a "baby" omelet, which would more accurately be named the "adult human" size. The standard omelet portion is more appropriate for horses or elephants. There are also options for splitting a dish, substituting a side for sliced banana or fruit cup and using egg beaters, egg whites or swiss/feta cheese, all for additional cost. The Omelet House has ways to make their offerings more healthy but it's going to cost extra.There are also traditional American lunch items (sandwiches, hamburgers) but if you're visiting from out of town, stick with breakfast. The one exception might be the fried zucchini which is worth getting (but also terrible for you.)== Environment ==The folksy environment is a far cry from the glitz and glamour of the strip but it's an island of authenticity in what tends to be a sea of garish veneer during a trip to Las Vegas.The place is tucked inside one of the hundreds of strip malls that make up most commercial districts within the city and seems to cater to a split of tourists and locals.== Summary ==As you can probably tell, I'm a huge fan of the Omelet House. The food alone is worth a 5-star rating, but the charges for all the healthier substitutes and the spotty wait staff (who range from extremely friendly to mildly contemptuous) docks a star.That said, the Omelet House is a standard part of every trip I take to Vegas. The casinos can be cruel but giant omelets, fried potatoes and amazing bread never fail me.If you're still reading at this point: you should go. Thank me later.
5	I just love this place! I have been eating here since I was a wee little girl. I love taking people here who haven't been which is usually someone who has moved here from somewhere else because what true native hasn't eaten here?! When family comes to town this is my go-to place to go out for breakfast.I can't go and not get an order of "Fried Zucchini Sticks". They are the best I have ever had! They come in a half or full order and you can get cheese sauce or ranch or both for dipping. If you haven't tried them yet please do! I always get the "Green Hornet". It has avocado and cheese and tomatoes. I am notorious for it and just can't change it but do take a bite off my families plates hehe!Just so you know, the omelets are made with 6 eggs so if you don't think you can eat that much you can just ask for a "baby" and they will make it with 3 eggs. They also give you a little off the cost for using less eggs I think it is like 75 cents or something. The spuds are so good too. I usually ask for them with no salt and love to dip them in ranch dressing.The lines can be long but you don't wait for long and the wait is more then worth it! This last visit we waited maybe 5 minutes. They are only open for breakfast & lunch. During the week it isn't as hectic as trying to eat at Omelet House on the weekends but still consistent.
5	Make sure to come with a biiiiiggggg appetite, food are so good and big portions, we came for breakfast and end up with breakfast, lunch, afternoon snack and dinner all in one meal! Reasonable priced and very good food. The restaurant isn't in the best area but the facility and set up was gorgeous and roomy. Our family was so surprised to see the number of customers, just to prove that place is popular and good.
4	Great variety of omlettes.  Love the spuds (their version of hash browns).  Casual environment.  Not far off the strip and worth the drive.  Serves breakfast until 3:00 PM.  Also serves lunch.
4	Loved this place. Had the omelets been a little less greasy, I would have given them five stars. The food was seriously delicious, and the service was super friendly! Plus, it's only a few minutes away from the strip. With everything on the strip being so expensive, especially the food and buffets, finding this place was definitely a nice alternative. Like I said, all the food is great, so the only suggestion I have is to "baby-size" your food because the portions are huge. They use around 6 eggs to make a normal meal. That's a pretty unhealthy dose of cholesterol in my opinion.
5	OMFrikkenG!!! I frikken love this place so much I went back the next day! I had the lobster Benedict,  my son had the crab & shrimp omelet. I have never had so much lobster on my breakfast plate before. The wait staff is amazing, my coffee cup never got cold! The best breakfast in Vegas hands down...and I'm picky!
3	Anyone who has lived in Vegas for a while will tell you to check this place out. Do give it a shot. Do not expect it to be your typical, modern Las Vegas restaurant. The best words to describe Omelet House: cute, classic, comfyThe food is consistently OK, but the portions are HUGE and often unfinishable (new word). Breakfast comes with a "chips" option, which are delicious, fresh made slices potatoes... GET THOSE!!!There service is good, but nothing too special. If you are there on a busy day, expect a missed item or long wait for follow ups.Omelet House is a MUST TRY but not a MUST LOVE... you'll like it.it is good for certain days :)
5	I've been passing this place for years and thanks to Yelp I've found my new favorite breakfast spot. I came here with my mother one random morning to treat her to some breakfast.  I got the lobster Benedict and my mommy got the jolly green giant omelet: broccoli, mushroom, tomato & jack cheese.  I love eggs bennies but this lobster Benedict nearly made my head explode from the tastiness of it.  Looking through the menu, they have a ton of omelet selections, an array of other breakfast choices and sandwiches to chose from. Although I have started cooking for myself more often, I don't think I can top what they make here. I'll be visiting frequently for sure.The decor reminded me of an old woodsy cabin, which I liked.  The service was great and our server was super sweet and helpful.Oh! and portions are huge so be aware.  I've seen on a few other reviews and tips that you can order a baby omelet if you're looking for a small portion of food.
5	One of the best breakfasts I've had in this city so far.  It's cute and comfortable, with plenty of seating.  Servers are polite and speedy.  The menu is fun- silly names for some of the items.  And the portions are *huge*. I would recommend sharing an omelet, I don't know if one person can eat all of it!  And the potatoes are super yummy.
4	Omelet House was pretty good I have to say. Any omelet you choose is going to taste good but be aware that the portions are HUGE. So if you're a small person or don't have a big appetite - share. Must have some banana bread. It comes out fresh and hot from the oven, so soft and moist. I would go there just to eat that. I must say that driving up to Omelet House had me a little worried because from the outside it looks a little sketchy and even the decor on the inside is kinda iffy but I guess that doesn't matter when the food comes out. Service was friendly also.
3	We had the lobster omelet with chorizo on the side, the pilgrim sandwich, the banana bread, and a cup of strawberries.  Basically the food was ok.  The lobster omelet was huge, the pilgrim sandwich was decent.  The strawberries weren't that sweet.  The banana bread was very fresh, right out of the oven.  The service was very good and attentive.
4	breakfast for lunch is the best.
3	I came here a few times when I lived in Vegas. It's a very cute mom and pop looking place.  If there is a wait it's usually only a few minutes.  The only thing that's disappointing is that they serve these potato spuds that look like potato chips instead of hash browns or breakfast potatoes.  I find that strange in a place thts  known as a breakfast joint.
1	The whole place smells like dirty grease.
4	Great food. Hearty omelettes my husband loved. I had the pancakes. They were good hard to go wrong with pancakes. Bacon was hard and didn't like. Decor needs major updating. The fake plants probably just house so much dust and grease.
4	Best Lobster Eggs Benedict ever!
5	Great food!
5	What can you say about 39 omelette selections? How about a Peter Griffin FREAKIN' SWEET!!I had the Porky Pig with sausage, cheese, and a side of cheese sauce and it was out of this farm! I wont even go into the banana bread, but if you don't order that you're the equivalent of snake eyes on the craps table. Ok fine, the banana bread MELTED in every bite and it's the best I've had (sorry Mom)..I'm glad she isn't a Yelper!This is off the strip and I'm quickly learning the local cuisine blows circles around the main stream strip food..Be afraid corporate america because the roof to this house is on FIYAA!!
4	Great place. Prices are reasonable food is great.  And service was very friendly. Will be back in the am for breakfast
5	Bread:GOOODStaff: super sweet and quick. Location: not too far from the strip, worth coming out too. Inside it does look old, but its a nice old school feel. The food basically is priced right(not cheap, not expensive) but packs a punch. I went with basic eggs and bacon with english muffin and it was perfect, but everything i tried from my buddies dishes were great.
5	I loved this place.  I opted to go with the smaller size omelet and it was plenty of food.  I tried the Bugsy Siegel, very good. So many choices of omelets you could eat here everyday for a year and not get through the menu. Biscuits and gravy were tasty as well. If you love eggs definitely check this place out.
4	Decent hearty breakfast choices.  The best part is the pumpkin nut bread that comes out warm and yummy.  I had the scramble with the potato chips, the chips were very salty and over seasoned.  The wait was a bit long and the coffee a bit watered down but overall a good breakfast place.  It's old school and a total local's joint.  Sadly our first choice down the street recently burned down so we gave this place a try based on Yelp reviews.  If you want something different and away from the strip this place will satisfy.
5	NOM NOM NOM! everytime. love that country scrambler. best ham in town. i always do takeout tho cuz its always crowded.
3	Breakfast places tend to give a lot of food.  This is not good especially when you're trying to fit in as many places to eat in a limited amount of time.  What was ordered was the Country Style Scramble.  Scramble was moist.  Good ratio of ingredients.  Potatoes were like chips, overcooked chips.  They were too crispy and bitter.  I also chose the pumpkin nut bread which was good, moist, and not too sweet or heavy.Overall, it was OK, they know how to cook eggs so that's a big plus but their "Spuds" were not enjoyable, only acceptable with a generous application of Cholula.
5	This is my favorite non-chain breakfast spot and that's saying a lot because I would normally pick sleep over waking up for breakfast. It would take a lot for me to sacrifice an extra few hours of snoozing - this place is THAT special. I actually look forward to eating here...well, once every few months.They have eggs benedict and a variety of omelets hence the name "Omelet House". Don't bother getting toast, make the right decision and pick the banana bread. It's delicious, warm, buttery and it's huge. It's like having dessert for breakfast - what a treat! My favorites are country club/ sparticus/ 38 special...in baby version which is still quite big (3 eggs). Your omelet will come with a side of potatoes. They're like thick freshly-made potato chips and oh-so good! You're off to a great morning and nothing can ruin your day.Aside from omelets, they also have pancakes, waffles, sandwiches and burgers - I haven't tried them. With omelets served here, I don't need to try anything else. But I would imagine they're good too.
4	great omelette's but we waited a little long and I paid too much after finding out that groupon has specials all day for this place
3	.
5	Great local alternative to the over poplar Hash House chain. Must try!
5	Fantastic food, service and location.  What else could you want?
5	Awesome, tons of food, great tasting and excellent service.Expect to pay about $10 a plate."Spuds" are more like homemade potato chips than hash browns FYI.
1	Hi.  I grew up in Las Vegas and have eaten breakfast at the Omelet House many times.  My experiences have always been decent which is why I am completely disheartened by my family's last experience with the Omelet House.  Yesterday, my husband and our two children, ages 8 and 4, were running errands and decided to have breakfast there.  My husband had been fasting for blood work.  The facility was across the street and as anyone who has ever had to maneuver around Charleston and Rancho knows, it is quite difficult to get around due the no u-turn lanes and multiple lanes of traffic.  My family parked at the Omelet House and walked across the street at 9:50am.  He signed in at the blood place at 9:57am.  He returned at almost 10:25am ready to eat food and noticed that his car was missing.  The Omelet House had him towed.  Now I understand the need for ample customer parking on busy days, like weekend brunch, but it was Monday and there were many open parking spaces.  The gentleman and I use that term loosely, claimed that he waited 30 minutes to call the tow truck, but tow records show that they called at 9:52.  As my now stranded husband was trying to figure out what to do, The Omelet House staff read to him from a piece of paper something that ended in him needed to leave the premises with threat of arrest.  Did I mention he had two small children with him?  When did we stop treating people like people?  How would parking in the lot been any benefit to my family unless they were planning to eat at the Omelet House?  Well, if the purpose of the parking policy is to keep people from parking there, it worked.  I know of at least 4 people that will never park in the parking lot again.  Good job Omelet House!
2	Was in town for bike week had heard good things about this place so I was looking forward to my breakfast. To bad I was dissapointed. had the black forest omlete. It was like any other omlete and the potatpoes whats up with that ? Hash browns or country potatoes only . Save the chips for lunch!
5	I loved this old school, out of the way, at the back of a strip mall, been around for ever breakfast joint.The decor is what you would expect for a place that has seen many many moons in Vegas, the interior doesn't change and the knick knacks and photos just keep piling up. What I like in a breakfast spot, lot's of choices, a little grease, and great tasting grub. This place has all of the above. I had 2 eggs with corned beef hash, the hash is homemade!, yep and oh so good. My husband had the lobster bennie, and they did not skimp on the lobster, another delight. The spuds are like fried potato chips - loved them. Last but not least the banana bread, yum!Definitely worth a trip off the strip.
4	Great food and great service from Allison. This place has always been good for a large and hearty meal. I had the eggs with turkey sausage, and a side of oatmeal. I wish that they would be more attentive to cleanliness and modernizing the dusty decor.Parking can be difficult during busy times.
4	Stopped in for a quick breakfast while in town. Great, friendly service. Food was good. They have a bunch of omelet options. I ended up with the bacon and eggs and sourdough toast which was good.  Not a bad place to grab some breakfast at a reasonable price and great service.
5	This is one of my favorite places for breakfast.This is a true family owned and operated spot, with the whole family working here.  You will see regulars/family in here hugging and talking to the staff all the time.  It has a real down to earth feel and family owned vibe.But you want food!  So is the food that good??  Happy to say it is!We have come here multiple times...tried quite a bit of the menu.  Where they really shine is...you guessed it...the omelets!We have tried multiple omelets, but my favorites by far are the LOBSTER omelet and the CHORIZO omelet!  The lobster is made with real chunks of lobster, and it is so light and fluffy, it goes down too easy and doesn't hold you down like a heavy meat and bacon omelet.  Super satisfying and awesome flavor though!  The chorizo is the opposite...super heavy and oily like chorizo should be...so much flavor and delicious going on in every bite.By the way, the servings here are huge...we always order "baby omelets" which are 3 instead of 6 eggs, and we still always have leftovers.  Prices are very fair especially considering the quality and serving sizes.The potatoes are great and everything is fresh!   And the banana and pumpkin bread are crazy good!  In the mornings, they come out piping hot!If you want a solid breakfast, look no further!
4	Our first visit to the Omelet House and I am sure happy we went! We were in the mood for breakfast so Omelets we got as that is what they are famous for! I decided on the "Mile High City" which is basically a Denver Omelet, ham, onions and bell pepper and it was delicious. The side I ordered that came with my meal was the fresh baked walnut banana cake, mmmm so hot and flavorful! I like that they have other choices than the typical option for toast.My boyfriend got the "Bugsy Siegel" which was very tasty, generous chunks of moist roast beef, Italian red sauce, sour cream and jack cheese! The Omelets are huge to say the least, I think the Server said 7 eggs? I took a bite of his Omelet not really sure if I would like that combination however it blew my mind it was so damn good!The portions are generous, the prices reasonable for what you get! They even have a coupon in the Entertainment book for $7.00 off. We love to eat out and save money so that was a nice added bonus, I am just shocked they have a discount coupon with how big their portions are! It did the job it got us to try a new breakfast place that really delighted our taste buds! We will be back for sure!My only dislike is that they pair their Omelets with homemade thin potato chips instead of hashed browns or Country style potatoes. The homemade chips I might like better paired with a sandwich for lunch rather than a breakfast omelet. That was just the opinion of my boyfriend and I. We will ask next time if there is a substitution option available instead of the chips. The service is Amazing, good old fashioned kindness at this restaurant and is very comfortable as it has a Country thrift store theme with all of the decorations on the walls.
1	Rating is zero stars for the customer experience that I was given to me by the employees and even owner of the omelet house. I unfortunately had to experience hair in my food and when I brought it to the attention of the employees there was no apology or accountability. Then the owner came over and proceeded to tell me that " I enjoy the hell out of my meal and blamed me for having hair in my food" I was at this point insulted and made to feel as though my meal of $10.00 was more important than the overall customer experience. I will never eat there again. Needless to say this was the worst customer experience I have ever experience and after you read this you rethink if you time is worth being mistreaded by an owner who doesn't value his customers experience.
1	Not only was the food too greasy but they wouldn't accept our Entertainment coupon because they said it was a holiday which wasn't true. This was a Sunday, the day before Veteran's Day. I thought the point of such coupons was to build a customer base, not piss people off by making up weird rules and then quibbling about them. Never again Omelet House! Never again!
4	What a pleasant surprise!  In the mood for a hearty breakfast, my friends and I stopped in.  We were SO glad we did - huge omelet full of veggies, amazing stuffed french toast.  Crispy house fries, so delish.If you're in the mood for a real breakfast and a down-home diner, this is the spot.
5	Yes, I'm a fan! Was looking for a sandwich place but this one caught my eye.... definitely go for the chorizo omelet (baby version is enough for a moderate eater, otherwise make sure you can keep the leftovers cool enough) and the banana nut bread is AWESOME. I'd go back there right now.... Nice service, no foo foo but straight up great food and very affordable.
5	Great Eggs Benedict and service!
4	I woke from my Venetian slumber hungry and thought where can I get a good AM meal that will not leave me wanting throught the rest of the day. So I Yelped and  the Omlet House was the first to pop up on the radar that wasn't a new kid on the block.  If this were a truck stop the economy would seriously slow down to a crawl.This is the real deal. A local big boy breakfast establishment that has been dishing out the goods for almost 35 years.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#6zAZ_w1PQ4sThfUhAH2ZLA   You are in Country royalty as Presidents and kings have dined here.  http://www.reviewjournal.com/lvrj_home/2003/Feb-18-Tue-2003/news/20702658.html   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#y2tBxR3WW0bxKh_zW0z3igThis is my kind of family run mom & pop shop.  You walk in through its unassuming doors http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#xOGflmieBbw7Abik8tQnHA to find a mega country kitch overload.  But this is just a decoy, the real country goodness is in the menu and on the plate here at the Omelet House. With 39 lumberjack sized 6 egg omelets on its menu including the #33 &1/3 Flatlander Special that includes :Raw Liver, Parsnips, Peanut Butter, Organically grown Black Jelly Beans, Sauteed Grunion Lips (2), Gardenia Petals and topped with Mint Ice Cream (Subject to when the Grunion are running.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#EiX9sk-Ft9an7KqO2NRYaQIn addition to omelets they of course serve large portions of other breakfast and lunch favorites http://www.omelethouse.net/Menus/Charleston%20Omlet%20House%20Lg.pdf  and a great cup of coffee.A great menu with a sense of humor!  I opted to try the #15 Cowboy SpecialFOOD Ordered:#15 Cowboy Special Omelet, with fresh chips and homemade banana or pumpkin bread.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#xDJ3UqhnxY6FSjhFaRW95wTASTE:Cowboy Omelet ...  A huge 6 (SIX!) egg omelet stuffed with homemade chili, onions, and cheddar cheese. 4****StarsChips ... Fresh seasoned thick cut fried potato chips, hearty and  tasty 3.75***StarsBannana Nut Bread ... Served with butter just like grandma used to make except triple size! 4.5****Stars  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#i9TIIf0Qol8iVUVwik5F3gCome extra hungry, I couldn't finish that sucker. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Qc0l8rZ3nvrcERitgxu8XA?select=x0qFaEDDU9rjoIY0c8WQsw#s9XhVZd58QUbICsonpsvuQIn Vegas and hungry for some good salt of the earth breakfast food.Your food will not be served on small artsy fartsy plates and it will not be the latest infusion of ten cultures, but what you will get is super huge portions of good food.Next time in Vegas you bet I'll be back!
1	I'm sorry but I have no idea why anyone likes this place. Three friends and I went really hungry and left utterly disappointed. First let down was coffee. I love diner coffee but this was weak tea. I ordered the sausage gravy over biscuits and sadly it tasted like it was all from a can. The signature potato (sliced and friend) were cold. My friend had the stuffed french toast which was okay. It reminded me of IHop's. Other two had omelet and eggs benedict which were greasy.
5	OMG, this is the place that we would go to every weekend if we lived in Vegas. We read about it on Yelp and we were not steered wrong. We went for breakfast and it was nothing short of fantastic. I got the corned beef hash and it was without doubt the best I have ever had. Real corned beef, big chunks of meat that were tender and tasty. The hash was moist and not at all dry. I got the banana bread to go along with it and it too was excellent. The homemade potatoes are like potato chips and were a bit weird for breakfast, but that did not stop me from eating almost all of them. The wife loved her turkey eggs benedict. The best she ever had. She got the pumpkin bread. The breads are obviously homemade and fresh because our were hot out of the oven. The portions are huge. This place is a deal and a steal. I just wish that Dallas had a place like this. If you are in Vegas and love good breakfasts, you have to go here.
5	Biggest and best omelet you will ever have.  Comes with delicious bananna bread (or pumpkin bread if u choose.). Also comes with amazing potatoes sliced thin.
4	Went here fked up. It's pretty standard, not gunna lie, but WTF WITH THE PORTIONS! you get a lot of what you pay for!
5	I got the Lox Benedict and the bf got the Cowboy Special Omelet. I never thought breakfast could pack so much flavor but this place proved me wrong! It was just amazingly tasty right from the beginning. The chili in the Cowboy Special was flavorful and had the right amount of spice without being too hot. Beans and finely ground beef in and delicious chili sauce all stuffed into this gigantic omelet that we couldn't finish - HEAVEN. My Lox Benedict had the creamiest sauce on top of the softest muffin. The salmon was a great touch to the meal. I found myself using the extra potatoes that came on the side to finish up the sauce. We also ordered banana bread that was piping hot when it was delivered to us. How can so much banana go into bread?????? What is this magic???????Service here is friendly and has a home-grown feel to it. Save some money and come here to enjoy and chill breakfast that won't bust your wallet.
5	My gf and I were craving some good breakfast foods and there was nothing on the strip that would satisfy our tummies unless we were ready to dish out some $$$.  So we decided to go out to the Las Vegas Premium outlets and found this place just a few blocks away.  It wasn't too hard to find as there was a huge sign out front and the decor gave it a real local's feel.  When we walked in the host was very friendly, asking us if we were from out of town and joking with us as he showed us to our table.  The coffee was good but the real kicker was the Banana Bread.  It came out piping hot and the texture was melt in your mouth.  And what is even more awesome as you can have it as a side if you order an Omelet!  As a main dish I had ordered the Cowboy Omelet which was all chili.  I decided to order this as there was a rodeo and the American Country Awards going on at the same time so I felt like getting into the festivities.  My girlfriend had ordered the Lox Benedict so that we can sample two of the top recommended dishes.  Both our orders came with a hefty side of home made potato chips that were delicious.  The Omelet wasn't heavy (as i thought it was going to be) and the chili portion was perfect to the size of the dish.  It wasn't too spicy but it was definitely satisfying.  The Lox was soft and the bread underneath wasn't soaking in the egg as it kept its fluffiness.  All in all it was a great little place to eat at if you are on the way to the outlets for a great meal and I definitely want to try the rest of the dishes there.
4	Since I got back from Asia - it seems like the food portions here in the States have gotten bigger. Especially when I dropped in for breakfast at the Omelet House on Charleston. It's been forever and a day since I last ate here and the parking sucks just as bad once the other businesses open up. The wait wasn't bad but there were a few larger parties that had to wait for their turn. I lucked out as I got there early enough and a party of one is easier to seat than two large parties. I don't like leaving food as much as I don't care for leftovers and the portions were so big that I ended up leaving a quarter of my breakfast because I couldn't take it to go because I'd be out and about all day and it probably wouldn't have kept. The breads are awesome which I know I ate too much of - and the Omelet I had, pretty much the Denver, was tasty enough to where I didn't drop on any condiments, like hot sauce etc. Service was ok but I think the fact that my face was buried in the paper was a sign to just take my order, bring my food, bring refills and bring my bill when I was done. I didn't need nor want much more than that. Anyway - I was a fan back in the say - I guess I still am. Just forgot about this place after all these years.
4	I'm full. So good! Banana bread!
4	4 stars: Yay! I'm a fan.In the past, I'd always ask if the grunion were running, but lately, it seems some of the waitstaff isn't as familiar with the menu as I am, so I've kind of stopped asking. The potatoes here are excellent. If you transplanted them to just about any low/mid 20s zagat-rated steakhouse, you'd be paying between $7 to $12 bucks for these cottage fries. Really, really nice potatoes. I prefer them to the $7 fries at Bouchon. Dead serious. The banana bread is good, be sure to have some when it's available. The pumpkin nut bread is pretty good as well.I like to order the breakfast sandwich, which is essentially a BLT + fried egg, or more economically, breakfast bacon sandwich with a side of lettuce and tomato instead of the cheese. The omelets are all pretty large. Depending on your ability to put away a 6 egg omelet you may be pleased or intimidated when you see it in front of you. The lobster benedict that a lot of reviewers rave about isn't as good as you would imagine. Something isn't quite right with the lobster or the Hollandaise. It's not their best menu item, and there's so many other things to eat here, I'd skip it.I've been eating here for a very long time, and I have always found the service to be personable and relatively quick. However, I avoid this place on weekends. I am told that weekends can be quite hectic at peak breakfast hours.Also, they aren't really open very early for a breakfast spot (7am), so it's not exactly a place for early birds or night owls looking to grab a late post-afterhours meal.It's an affordable place to eat north of the strip. It isn't the best breakfast spot in the world, but it does the trick about 96% of the time, so it's a solid 4-star place for me, and one of the few staples on my reliable vegas eats list.Multiple locations, but the one on Charleston is the one I tend to gravitate towards.
5	Well Yelpers, you've done it again!After reading reviews and seeing the pictures, we had to give this place a try.  The atmosphere is home-y and friendly, lots of knick knacks.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  They were pretty busy but the service didn't suffer at all.The food was amazing.  We had the corned beef hash, chili verde omelet, and biscuits and gravy.  Everything was homemade, the banana bread was warm and delicious, and our coffee cups were never empty.We will definitely be going back again!
5	This is a great restaurant for breakfast or brunch off the strip.  Like most places off the strip, the price is very reasonable and the portions are big.  we ended up ordering waffles with eggs and sausage, and the vegetable omelet with added ham.  as there preparing the food the server will give you hot fresh banana bread to munch on.  food came out nice and hot, full flavored and fresh ingredients.  the omelet was so large we had to take it home to go.  they have a wide variety of items, pretty typical breakfast and brunch items such as big breakfasts, pancakes, and eggs Benedict.   if i ever go back i would like to try to the eggs benedict.  great prices, large portions, friendly staff, overall great destination for an off the strip place for breakfast at a reasonable price.
4	Don't let the outside of this resteraunt fool you!  The food here is awesome!  I had the 38 special omelet and LOVED it!  The banana bread is good too. The service was ok. I would eat here again.
5	At first glance, I didn't know what to expect. The exterior/ interior was kind of old-school, and kinda compact. But me, my boyfriend, and his mother decided to give this place a chance. I was hesitant because diners / cafes in Las Vegas are a 50/50 to me. The service was fast, and we were sat right away. Our server was on top of her game and she could tell by the look of our faces that we were newbies in this establishment She gave us time to look, and was ready to take our orders. Me, knowing the food and beverage industry - I could tell our server was busy, but still managed to hit our table. Also, I could see the manager was trying to hit every table as well. I wish I could remember our server's name, she was pretty awesome, pretty, blonde, and on top of her game. She definitely received more than 20% from me. Now to the food part, my boyfriend ordered a side of banana nut bread - and let me tell you, it came out fresh, warm, and tasted home made! The portion sizes of the breakfast were good. I ordered the waffle special, and the waffle tasted good even without syrup. My boyfriend ordered the corn beef hash breakfast and I was surprised to see potato like chips. The chips were different sizes, some thick and moist, others were crunchy. I kept grabbing at his plate for it. I have never been to a cafe that served this. His mom ordered stuffed french toast, and she was happy with it.I'd like to come back, hopefully I will have the same great service. :-)
4	Best french toast! Yum.Friend had the lobster benedict and is raving!Want to eat where the locals eat?  This is the place.  No frills.  Doesn't look pretty on the outside.  But get inside and the staff is friendly and helpful and the meals are delicious.  Big portions.  Left completely satisfied.
5	Awesome breakfast joint! It's located in the back of a strip mall off Charleston Avenue and the food was delicious. To top off the meal, I saw Hall of Famer, Cal Ripken eating at this place so it must get some street cred. I had a Meat Lovers omlette with bacon, sausage and ham topped with cheddar and jack cheese. I also had a side with his incredible polish sausage and potatoes. The price is definitely right and most people were getting to go boxes because the portions are huge and it was my only meal of the day!  A must eat at place in Sin City and the staff is very friendly and my waitress was excellent, friendly and service with a smile. I'll definitely be chowing down here on my next visit to Vegas!
5	Althoug I'd already had breakfast. Meeting family for lunch, someone mentioned this place.  i had the 38 special with out cheese ( I'm off dairy) It was sooo good.  i was too embarrased to eat the whole thing, so i took some of it back to my hotel.  it didn't last long. :-) My cousin made me try the banana nut bread. (she made me i said).  it was delish!   This place is on my list of places to visit whe I'm back in Vegas.
4	We took our valet's advice and hit up this local Las Vegas spot. We were served quickly and both enjoyed out delicious omelet's. We will definitely hit it up again next time.
1	Holy cow. The worst coffee in, LV? The West? The country? For a breakfast spot?!?Got french toast. Two slices of white bread.Came with the home made cornbread - Ok, that's a star on it's own. It was inspirational. I now want to cook more cornbread, just thinking of it. The service sucked that star away though. My friend ordered some crazy lobster benedict, with, I wanna say, avocado? He said he was expecting it to be rich, and it was, but that he wasn't happy he ate it afterwards. Instead of home fries or hash browns, they insist you eat their crunchy fried chips. That was a fail.
1	My co-workers and I waited a bit to be seated. And I thought it was weird that we were led through the back of one of the work stations to our table.But at least the waiter was cute... in a despondent, coked-out, model-esque way.After waiting an egregious amount of time to place our order we flagged down a waitress. She replied she would send someone over.But at least that server was cute. I ordered the chicken and broccoli omelet. The food came out surprisingly quick, and he split our checks. Two hours later I experienced some type of demonic, food poisoning episode. I threw up, felt severe stomach cramps, and a headache. I think my head did 360 spins. Maybe I ordered the wrong omelet. I think I'll just order coffee next time. But at least the waiter was cute.
4	I would rate this place a 4.5 out of 5 stars.  I loved this place.  Locals seem to be flocking here.  The parking wasn't the best as it was a crowded shopping center.  The food was outstanding for breakfast.  From start to finish the service was great.  The waitress was super friendly and attentive.  The food was fresh and hot.  The -.5 would be for the restroom being kind of dirty.  I've heard you can tell a lot about a restuarant on how clean the restrooms are.  If they are messy chances are the kitchen is messy and dirty as well. Here the restroom was a bit dirty, but nothing too much to complain about.  After I'm giving them 4.5 stars.If you are staying downtown and want a good breakfast, get in a car or cab and check this place out.  Better than any breakfast on Fremont street.
5	This restaurant was spectacular! They serve heaping proportions and the customer service is second to none.   We ordered the chili verde and lobster omelet. The warm banana nut bread mets in your mouth. Highly recommended eatery.
4	I had the waffle deal, which consisted of one huge waffle, eggs and 2 bacon pieces.  The food was good, the restaurant was enormous but the decor was outdated.  I would go again for some good breakfast.
5	My husband and I loved this place.  Nothing fancy but the omelette we had was amazing!  We should have shared thy were so big.  Is one of our must go to's when in Vegas!
4	This place has a funky eclectic atmosphere and serves up huge, delicious omelets. We ate here twice during our stay. Highly recommend The Californian. Cool local spot.
3	I had the waffle and I did not like it - there was some really strong ingredient - I think too much vanilla extract and it wasn't crispy.  The eggs and bacon on the side were fine.  But, I tried my grandma's food and it was pretty good - she had the lobster eggs benedict with avocado - that was pretty good.  And her potatoes were interesting - like large cut fried potato chips with seasoning.  I think I just ordered the wrong thing.
3	Not too shabby.  The decor in this place is hilarious...betty boop figurines, roosters, a picture of a lobster, vending machine with bounce balls and a love-o-meter machine?!?!  Little something for everyone here.  If you like chatchke's this is the place for you!  The old timers definitely like this place...cheap food and Large portions.  I had an egg white omelet with cheese, broccoli and white chicken meat.  The thing was huge, I ate about 1/4 of it.  Not a bad place of breakfast.  Parking can be a bit of an issue but it's not impossible.
4	Awesome omelets and their menu is pretty big to satisfy anybodies hunger
5	Large large large very large portions. I was so shocked at the portions and even more shocked at how cheap the bill was. The Omelets are amazing and I wish I had tried the french toast. I know that it would have been amazing. I am more than happy with our visit here. It was last minute and it is a hole in the wall that LOOKS tiny but is huge inside. Don't expect for it to look like a 5 star restaurant this is a very old and old fashioned establishment that apparently has to be appreciated for what its always been. My server was very very nice and I loved her personality. Its easy to judge this place if you have your panties in a bunch. The worst part about it was that there was a large soccer team there and there were a bunch of little girls and one of them decided she wanted to Laugh the ENTIRE TIME! All jokes aside, she laughed LOUDLY the ENTIRE TIME. It was overly annoying but it had nothing to do with the food, or the service there. :)I will probably go back one day, but I dont live out here.
3	They say the omelets are large here and they sure as hell aren't exaggerating. I came here with a large party and several of us were determined to finish their omelettes in one sitting. I was not among that company. Just getting through 2/3 of this monstrosity took an absurd amount of effort. I went with the cowboy, which is basically beef chilli and cheese in an already enormous (must be at least 4  or more eggs) contraption. The chilli is tasty- I had no problem wolfing it down. Bit of advice-- If you are feeling a bit of health guilt and opt for the wheat toast as I did, make sure to ask for it UNBUTTERED or else you will be treated to two gelatinous slabs of what used to be a healthy side dish. I can't say I was impressed with the fried potatotes-- they were extremely greasy and soft. In other words, not appetizing at all. Our party ordered some fried zucchini as well which came with some tasty ranch, and some not so appealing nacho cheese like substance.Our waitress was pretty friendly however, and I thought the coffee wasn't bad. And in terms of restaurants in vegas, this place is bordering on iconic-- it's a known landmark on Charleston and is often frequented by Old Vegas money. The selection is very impressive-- they basically have an omelette for every possible taste preference you can think of. If you're in the mood for a hearty dance with the devil to start off your day, this is your spot.
2	Big portions, average food
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! My family and I came here on a whim, they wanted to go to IHOP, I thought that was a lame idea, so I yelped breakfast and found this place. I've been here at least 5-6 times now and every time it is amazing and consistent. I've NEVER needed a reservation, and they are ALWAYS super busy, even late in the afternoon on a weekday. There are over 40 variations of omelets, and each omelet comes with a choice of bread, and a pile of sliced & fried potatoes. While there is a choice of bread, the only REAL choice is the banana nut bread. A square of it comes to you before your meal, hot with a side of butter to smother on it. My favorite omelet is The Californian, it comes with sausage, avocado and jack cheese. BE WARNED, come extra HUNGRY, the omelets are a whopping 6 egg omelet, and I believe the average omelet is 9.99. If you have people to share with, order the fried zucchini which is on the lunch menu. You have the option of a 1/2 order or full order, both sizable orders. They have the choice of ranch or cheese dipping sauce, I always get both.  : ) You have the option of getting a smaller 3 egg omelet, but it is only .89 cheaper, so I say it just makes sense to get the regular one and do as much damage as you can. The service is always great, some of the older waitress' seem like they're going to be rude, simply because they sometimes don't smile often, but they are always attentive and get your orders right and out quick. Again, this place is always busy, but the staff helps each other out, making the experience great, and turn around time efficient. I've brought my family here, including super picky younger brother and sister, and my in-laws, and everyone has loved it here. My in-laws loved the coffee FYI. My husband and I will continue to come here for as long as we live in Las Vegas, Thank you Omelet House!!
4	I was on vacation in Las Vegas, and I wanted a break from the over priced food in the strip so this place was a much needed break. At first I was a little skeptical, but wow this place was delicious and the staff was very friendly! The proportions are huge! I ate the best pancakes I've ever had, no syrup needed. Overall, the next time I'm in Vegas, the Omelet House will be #1 on my list!
5	This is in my top 5 favorite breakfast places. The food is always phenomenal and I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes to grab a seat. Recommendations:- Any of the omelettes- Lobster Benny- Corn Beef HashHowever, do stay away from the smoked salmon omelette. It's a sodium packed nightmare.
4	I had some Banana Nut Bread (Hot and tasty!), and the Lobster Benedict (it was OK - but I think it was canned) and lastly the Homemade potatoes (Chips) were great!
4	Great breakfast food. I ordered the waffles with a side of their "spuds", and both were great. True to their name, they have a huge selection of different omelets. Their portions of omelets are huge, but you can order a smaller size for 89 cents less. The reason this place did not get five stars from me is because the decor is horrible. They really need to get rid of the fake flowers and knick knacks everywhere. I would go back, but they need to redecorate.
4	We stopped in for breakfast to end our Vegas weekend. Really good pancakes and spuds. The service was a little slow but the food made up for it.
5	one of my absolute favorite places for omelettes. u can't go wrong with any omelette choice at this joint!
5	Once was not enough so we went back twice and would love to open one up in Dallas. Good service, lots of goooooood food and top it of with your choice of sweets. We will be going back on our next trip to Las Vegas.
4	This place was awesome!  Portions are Yummy and HUGE.  Why didn't I give it a 5?  NO wow factor..but still a great place to eat...I would go back in a second.
4	Try the Bugsy Siegel omelet and the stuffed French toast.
4	Breakfast eggs are good and they serve awesome papas.  The banana bread and pumpkin bread are both tasty!  YUMMMMMM
5	It was our first time at The Omelet House after deciding I can't do IHOP any longer. Well, My husband and I were promptly seated and greeted by our server. This has now became one of our favorite breakfast joints. We had the kitchen sink which consists of every darn thing however phenomenal. They're are 35 different varieties of omelets so take your time when ordering. What more can I say besides LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!!
2	every thing people say about the service is true. horrible...
4	Their fried zucchini is REALLY good!!!!!
5	My family and were in Vegas recently and decided to not shell out 100 dollar bills for mediocre meals so I googled this place and we LOVED it. I ordered some HUGE Omelet with lots of stuff in it and my wife and kids ordered Veggie Omelets and we were stuffed. The food was delicious and well worth the trip. It's like 15 minutes off the strip on the freeway going N but navigation it and ENJOY. A great breakfast and MUST stop every time in Vegas.
5	3 words: biscuits and gravy! I'm not kidding, I would smuggle their biscuits out by the dozen if I could!! Wish it wasn't 90 minutes away. Loved eating there. It's a typical diner atmosphere but the food is stellar!!
5	Great food and good service!  With these portions you could feed a small country!  The banana bread was so good!  If you're hungry and looking for a great omelet this is your place.
4	This is the second time I've eaten at this place for breakfast. Its a solid place for Omelets, hence the name. They give you a ton of of food and don't skimp on the fillings. If you are super hungry/hung over this is a great spot to hit up.
5	Fabulous breakfast place.  We wanted a good, local breakfast/ brunch place away from the madness of the strip.  We found this and loved it!  The food was great, as well as the service, not to mention the price was right!   Tip: servings are large enough that you may be able to split (though they do charge a small fee for this).
4	Review about this place were right, BIG portions! Off the strip but only about 10 minutes away from the end of the strip. We ordered the Corned Beef Hash breakfast, a pancake, and an omeletteThe Corned Beef Hash came with potato crisps, very flavorful and tasted just baked, not soggy at all.I ordered the banana bread instead of toast, was pretty tasty! The servers were nice and attentive, only when we paid was there a wait, but no biggie to me.Overall, food was good and the price just as good.
4	It was right before our team photo shoot and we were hungry!  We decided to go to the Omelet House as it offered either breakfast or lunch.  We have approximately 72441675267 Omelet House locations in Vegas and I've never been to one before so I was excited for the Yelp review opportunity.  When I parked, I was a little sketched out.  It's in a very interesting strip mall in the back corner.  When I walked in, I noticed a very outdated, old place.  Stain carpets all over the place, light wood all over the place.  In the front area, there are benches to sit on and next to it, you have a glass case with miss matched items for sale.  The place is seriously outdated and the perfect opportunity for a modern makeover.  I was expecting a staff that was older, who probably worked there since they opened back in 1954 (date is incorrect and placed there only for joking purposes).  What I got instead, was a variety of older and super young hip looking servers.  Our server was a tall, skinny guy, good looking and younger.  He was seriously an awesome server.  Super attentive to his tables, super nice and when our food came out, he took the time to review his notes and give us our plates, without yelling the order out to the table.  As a previous server myself, I really appreciated that.  He didn't have a name tag, so I can't call his name out in this review.  It didn't stop there.  The other supporting servers around, took part in helping each other out.  Refilling our coffees, checking to see if we need anything throughout our meals.  I loved the service!!  For my meal, I teamed up with a coworker and got the following (Don't judge):  The Californian omelet and added onions and mushrooms for $9.99, the Eggs Benedict Florentine for $9.79 and a Full Stack Buttermilk Pancakes for $6.39.  Let's start with the omelet.  It was HUGE!!  Sausage, avocado and jack cheese with onions and mushrooms.  What a beautiful omelet.  You literally can save a half for later.  Jack cheese is the best cheese for this type of omelet. So savory, so good!  The Eggs Benedict has two medium eggs, with spinach and mushrooms and topped with their light Hollandaise sauce.  I love me a good Benedict and this one was no exception.  Although the Hollandaise sauce is light, they did pack on.  It was super flavorful, but maybe just a little too much.  The spinach and mushrooms took the Benedict to a whole new level, I was loving it!!!  Then you have their pancakes.  Three large cakes, super fluffy and moist.  Their syrup seems store bought, but it came to our table warm so it really made the cakes amazing!  Highly recommend these dishes!The moral of the story, don't ever judge a book by it's cover.  This place is a gem.  When you're in the area, hang a right into the parking lot, grab a table and check them out.  You will not be disappointed!!!  I wasn't :)  Thanks guys!
3	I don't know if it's because we drank too much, but our whole group barely ate here.I had a few bites of the pumpkin muffin and forced myself to eat half of the huevos rancheros.  I think it was too greasy for us to eat or maybe we're just getting old, sigh...
4	One of my fav places to eat breakfast when I'm in Vegas. Nice portions of food, I'm always satisfied with the portion and taste here. I love the warmed breads they bring out(big piece of bread-pumpkin or banana nut) or you can have toast or biscuits and gravy.  Everything I've ever had here was cool though.
4	WOW! Food is plentiful!!! We shared the kitchen sink omelet and the spuds! It was a boggling amount to eat!! Boyfriend should have burst because he also had 1 biscuit and gravy!  He liked the sausage gravy much more than I did, but if you like sausage gravy, I would say to go for it!!
4	Really, really like this place from the food to the artwork and memorabilia.  We had the banana bread and pumpkin bread. So good and the butter took it over the top. Omelette was good.  The chicken fried steak was okay.  The service was pretty fast.
5	Chicken fried steak with spuds is the bomb and fried zucchini is a must.  The staff has always been great; friendly and attentive.  Last time I went I had the Patty Page (patty melt) good stuff.
4	The Freshen Up is a tasty light drink. Ask for Cece, shes the best.
4	Loved this place! Omelets are huge and the potato chip home fries are the best! Service is great always around to refill your coffee. We're going back before we leave Vegas!
5	Old school awesome!  Omelet house is super 70's meets 80's with a special table for the Mayor of Las Vegas.  Interesting people from all over the city meet here to discuss and fuss and chow down.  All of the food is good, and the pumpkin bread and banana nut bread is outstanding.   The OH has "spuds" which are thinly sliced potatoes fried in a skillet that heaven would probably order for a brunch.  Just a great breakfast spot!   I wish they had bagels, I really do, because that is all they are really missing here.  You can order your eggs anyway you want, and for the health conscience, you can sub whites or egg beaters, or have stuff cooked without oil, or get sliced tomatoes or cottage cheese.  They are breakfast savvy!
4	Staying at Paris in the strip and as you can imagine it can become very pricey, so my family and I  decided to venture off and try and a new spot. We asked the parking attendant and they recommended the omelet inn. What a great choice!!!!!!  Great food, service and atmosphere. If your looking for very up scale place and waste your money this isn't the place for you, but if you are looking for a great place to save money enjoy your food with great service then come check them out.
5	Wow.I tried this place on a whim, and was NOT disappointed.It's larger than you expect.  It's tucked away in some tiny mall, out of the way, and completely unassuming.  Inside, the place is surprisingly HUGE, and very homey.  You can tell the place has been there for a while.For starters, we got hooked up with a nice slice of pumpkin bread.  It's not overly sweet, but it has a nice amount of spice to make it incredibly tasty.  Then the meal came.  The missus got chicken fried steak, and it was delicious.  I got lobster eggs benedict.  Honestly, I was expecting something lame and wimpy, as every restaurant thinks a few little sprinkles of shredded lobster here and there suffices in any related meal.What I got was CHUNKS.  Big, wonderful chunks of tasty sweet lobster on both parts, and the entire experience was just awesome.  I more than got what I paid for.Prices are great, service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the wait time to be seated was surprisingly short.  It was nice to eat in  place that had a little personality, and you could tell they've been around for a while.  After eating breakfast there, I could see why.This weekend, "whims" paid off, and I have a new place to frequent.  It's nice to know that I can still find "new" things in the neighborhood.Recommended.
5	This place was good we were looking for a place that was off the strip.  We had omelets that were big enough for 3 people. The pumpkin bread and the banana nut walnut were excellent. We could haveShared the omelette but we Didn't and we Had more Than enough. I would recommend this place.
5	We were staying on the strip and wanted to venture out for some breakfast where the "locals" eat. my good old yelp app on my phone directed me to this place. With many strong reviews and a good history now of fellow yelpers not leading me astray I went for this breakfast joint. to self: Good call, you did well. There was a fast moving line out the door and it was evident this was where the locals get their breakfast grub on. This ain't their first rodeo here, they know how to seat you and get good food out fast. Wow, what great service they have. Nice friendly greeting and we were sat down promptly. Coffee cups were quickly brought out and filled and bottoms of cup never seen again. Hot and good coffee too! I had the chicken fried steak with eggs and my wife had the eggs benedict. Both were spot on. Could not have been happier with our decision to have breakfast here. Thanks again yelp and thanks omlett house. This is a very well run place. Will be back next time in Vegas and need arises to follow late night on Freemont Street with solid breakfast.
4	The Lobster Benedict was what I ordered. With no regrets. The side option was thinly sliced chip-like potatoes. I dipped these in the hollandaise that smothered my benedict dish. A nice selection of hot sauces: Tabasco, Frank's, Cholula.Coffee wasn't great. The service is pretty on point. I have to say that I had forgotten who our server was because she was tag-teaming with at least 4 others. So when boyfriend didn't get his side of pumpkin bread, I asked the next server that refilled our coffee about it. She scanned our table and told us she would be back with it right away. I guess our original server saw her do this and ran over to our table. She asked the other server what she was bringing us. She told her that we hadn't gotten our bread. Original server asks me if she had brought the pumpkin bread out and I say "no". She then grabs our receipt from the table and says, "She doesn't get bread with her dish" to the other server. Other server says, "Well, we forgot, so they get 2 now." Original server makes a huge deal and finally says "ugh, okay. They can have both. This time."So rude? So not what I was expecting? I'm more than aware that the English muffin from my benedict counts as my toast option, but when the server brought us 2 pieces, I figured it was because they had forgotten us. Our original server made it seem like we were scamming them out of pumpkin bread. Did she get up early to bake it herself?Boyfriend asked her for a to-go box for his unfinished bread. I made it a point to tell her that we only need it for the 1 piece, but she acted like she didn't hear me. I'd definitely go back to Omelet House. I would say that I'd just avoid being sat in her section, but I honesty don't remember what she looked like!
5	Big portions, tasty and some of the best service we have received! This will be my Vegas go-to breakfast place.
5	This was the largest omelet I have ever tried to eat.  I was not successful.  The food was good and the staff attentive.  I ordered the potatoes crispy and the we're awesome.  Like thick cut homemade chips. My wife ordered a pancake.  And it was good.  She also was unable to finish the omelet.  I suggest if you are with someone, split the omelet.  It's great food.
5	Love the lobster omelet. This place NEVER disappoints!
4	Love it... Perfect breakfast place. Great coffee!
5	Must stop breakfast place if I'm in Vegas for a girl's trip! No need for any casino buffet, because this place has it all! Those potatoes are THE hangover cure! Something about the pancakes just warms the soul. This is definitely a local's treasure, thanks yelp for showing me this gem!
4	I had heard a lot about this place and had to see what it was all about so I decided to head on down. From the outside this place don't look like much and it's even kinda hidden in the back corner of a little strip mall. When you walk inside it kinda looks a little mismatched and it's almost like a maze to get to some of the tables. When I looked at the menu the first thing I noticed was the 40 different omellette's. After seeing other people getting their food and seeing huge the portions were I decided to go with the 38 special (perfect for meat lovers). The food was amazing. Every bite was packed with meat. There wasn't an overkill of cheese. I did have the large portion (6 eggs) but I could have easily done with the small portion (3 eggs). My only complaint was that they serve home fries instead of hash browns. Hash browns are not even an option. Also, you might want to try the pumpkin spice bread, it was pretty tasty.
4	Pumpkin Bread.....AAARRRGGGGHH!!!! MORE BREAD!!!I've never been a fan of bread, but the Pumpking bread here.Wow.The 1st bite got my attention.The 2nd bite with butter.....YUM. Then we had breakfast. The portion was filling. Comfort food Vegas style.Definitely a place we will visit again next tri[p to Vegas.
3	This restaurant is located on Charleston in a sketchy section of town.  We both ordered 3-egg omelets which came with a choice of bread, muffin or bagel.  Each of us chose pumpkin nut bread, a house specialty, which proved to be very dense and was largely left behind.  My wife ordered the Green Hornet which featured avocado,  tomato and cheddar cheese while mine was the Popeye prepared with spinach, mushrooms and Jack cheese.  Both were a little too thick and heavy for us.
4	Great variety of omelettes.  Large portions and delicious. I had the green chili and pork omelette.  The warm freshly baked banana bread and home fries that came with it were awesome.  My daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes.  Two huge pancakes over stuffed with chips.  This is more of an egg place than a pancake place. Decor is old but quaint.  Given the portions it is reasonably priced. Recommended.
4	We had a great breakfast here and a great lunch here.  The decor at this place is quirky.  The food is fresh and hot and the servers friendly.  We were impressed.  The pumpkin bread is wonderful, omelettes wonderful and the cajun chicken was good too.  I saw some people ordering the fried steak and chicken which looked a little too decadent for us.We would definitely go back here if we were in Vegas again.
5	This place is great. Good home style cooking. I like it alot. I love breakfast. My kids love it too.Cant beat the price and quality of the food at all.
5	Love this place.... One of the best in Vegas !!I get the Omelet almost every Tuesday morning.... this place is a Las Vegas Institution!!!
5	My new favorite breakfast place to get stuffed !
5	Went for the first time this month and they have the most amazing breakfast potatoes!! Had an omelet with egg whits and artichokes and it was yummy!! Can't wait to go back again.
5	Oh gosh this place is tucked back in a corner of a shopping center but well worth finding. The young man who greeted us was a little rude scolding us for not waiting to seated however the "sign" telling us why to do was not out so we sat ourselves. Anyway.....so worth it, the waitress Valerie was so attentive, she was  training new waitress so she was trying to please us and her trainee, she did marvellous. I had a cheese omelette, my husband had polish sausage omelette...the potatoes that come with breakfast are hardto describe but so very yummy. Their banana bread is so good we ordered some to go. This place is the real deal breakfast! Highly recommend this place!
3	Great Service. Food was mediocre to say the least.homemade corned beef hash was delicious, but the potatoes and eggs were SO greasy! and the oil tasted OLD. I might come back... but then again, I might not.
5	We were visiting LV and used yelp to find a breakfast place.  Great place, the banana nut bread is the best OMG so good!  Very friendly staff and the homestyle decor makes you feel right at home.  The portions are big you can share and still get full.  A worthwhile stop we'll be back for sure. *it's tucked in the back of stripmall*
5	Mmm.  Fresh corned beef hash..Love love love this place!  They are so nice and warm here.  I believe we had the daughter of the owner serving us and she was sweet.  She also gave full descriptions of the items we were in question about and told us her favorites.  My favorite thing to order here is their corned beef hash - extra crispy.  They make the corned beef from scratch, shred it, add the potatoes, and fry to a crispy brown.  Served with home fries (think, meaty potato chips) and eggs, this can hold you all day long.  One of my go to places when staying in Vegas.
5	The omelet house in Vegas is very good the server Christi was great very pleasant and nice thank you much
4	Real diner food. Their navy bean soup was absolutely delicious.
4	This business lost one star because they are frying their homemade potato chips in oil that isn't hot enough yet. It's hit or miss with these. You're served some that are deliciously crispy yet, the other half of the chips are oily and soggy. Typical outcome when the potatoes aren't deep fried in the right temperature. I came to Omelet House twice while in Las Vegas. The first time was with my tour to Grand Canyon. Their location off of I-15 was our stop for breakfast. After tasting the pre-set menu for the tour folks, I had to go online and find their address once again. To my surprise, the original restaurant, this one that I'm reviewing now, is not far from The Strip. Finally I was able to have real Eggs Benedict which aren't found, to my knowledge, in Hialeah and I just had to try an Omelet since it's in their name. On this particular visit, I had the Eggs Benedict Florentine and a mini Omelet which, there was nothing "mini" about it. Both dishes were large with plenty of chips. The Banana Bread or Pumpkin Bread, the Banana Bread being the reason I wanted to try their food, is a must here. She emphatically suggested I try the Eggs Benedict Lobster next time I'm here. Which, I will. Soggy chips and all, it's worth coming here for a typical homemade Americanized Italian-based Breakfast. Other non-Italian based items are also available on their menu. Italian, however, was the stand-out to me. Please Note: This restaurant closes early. Check for times online.
4	Went here after a post-Xmas and it was pretty good. The portions are huge and they have that old-timey feel inside. You feel like you are in Michigan or somewhere woodsy inside. I ordered the corn beef hash which was huge. They don't have hash browns but use these homemade potato chips instead. They are good, but I really wish I had more hash with my hash, if you get me. I tried the banana bread which was warm and delicious too, but very filling. The waitresses were so friendly and attentive. Shermaine was always on it for the coffee refills which is great. Nothing worse than cold or empty coffee.Definitely a good local spot and one I would gladly come back to patronize.
3	The layout and atmosphere are unique. The sheer size of the place prohibits self seating, as the server may never find you. We were greeted with the proverbial "we'll be right with you" from two different employees. Once seated, we waited again. Of course, I opted for the chicken fried steak and was met with some resistance when trying to substitute a pancake for my choice of bread. The eggs were cold, I'm sure due in part to the cold draft coming through the door we were seated next to. The chicken fried steak itself was pretty good. Tender with a flaky breading covered with country gravy. However, it was served on top of what is usually fresh and crisp potato chip like, fried potatoes. I had to move the CFS to it's own plate for proper consumption. The service was slow at first, but once they got rolling, the coffee and water were never empty.  I would give the chicken fried steak nearly four stars, but the overall rating is only three stars this time around. I will be back.
4	This place is really good. I love the omelets, the "health nut", and the "meat lovers" omelet is the best. Great service, and overall, a nice relaxing atmosphere.
3	I was torn between 3 and 4 stars. The banana bread was fantastic! The potatoes were unbelievable. BUT, my omelet tasted ok but sat in a puddle of oil/grease so I was only willing to eat the edges that weren't soaking in a puddle. It lost stars there. The staff was really friendly and I was lucky enough to be sitting by a kind spirit who ran my wallet out to us in the parking lot after I dropped it inside.
4	Our first time here and our server Matthew was very helpful with suggestions. Omelets were excellent and the potato chips were awesome.
5	I believe this place is the best breakfast place in town. it's one of my go-to places when my friends visit an do they always leave a happy customer.  they have every omelet you can think of and they are HUGE! if you can finish that in one sitting then props to you. aside from the omelets they're hash browns are REALLY good. oh and the banana bread... that could be a delicious meal in itself. if you haven't been there try it and you won't be sorry.
5	best breakfast in vegas. excellent omelets!! A must for ALL breakfast lovers. But I'm sure the rest of the menu is just as GREAT!!
5	This place take you back to a time when food taste real and the service was real also. Like that diner where everybody knows your name. Where the portions kill your stomach but not your wallet. Cant believe i have never heard of this place. A must go. Z
1	This is my 2nd time here and this place is a fail again. First of all I ordered the corn beef hash and it says in there menu "best you'll ever have" wrong it was horrible. I rather eat it from the can, second our server was rude. Shirley never came back to check on us. Just like my first visit with another old lady. The old lady servers are rude and old they shouldn't be working there. Later on she still never came back to check on us but I see her slip the check on our table and walk away. Then when it was time to pay I asked for the manager and then she was trying to defend her self and then they didn't wanna take our coupons. Horrible service here. I don't understand how the mayor can go there to eat . All the young bussers there should be the servers. I will never go back there again
2	Food OK service needs improvement my server took my order wrong and did not check until the end
5	My wife and I were heading to the Hoover Dam and stopped here for breakfast.  It is a larger space for a dinner theme, but they make it work.  It was a Sunday morning, and we were seated within 10 minutes.  Great atmosphere and amazing food.  The omelets were big and delicious.
4	We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast!  GREAT customer service!  I am terrible at getting names- but our server was a sweetie who made us laugh when joking around with my oldest son who clearly did NOT need that extra egg he asked for in his omelet!  Ha!  Never one to back down- he ate the whole thing!  I'm pretty sure he got the Lox- #39.  My other son had The Polak (no joke!).  The menu is pretty funny but the omelets are HUGE- no joke!  My boyfriend was satisfied with his chicken fried steak and eggs but we both thought the gravy was a bit salty.  I had a wonderful time there but my breakfast was my least favorite.  I had eggs over medium and they were a bit under-done.  To be fair, I didn't say a word but I'm sure they would have fixed my order.  I was the only one bothered by the "surprise" potato chips.  I LOVE hash browns but when I asked for my hash browns extra crispy, our waitress did not correct me.  However, the chips were tasty!  Now, on the upside, I was in LOVE with the pumpkin bread (which actually filled me up before my breakfast came) so I really didn't care about the other stuff!  Next time,  I will share an omelet with my sweetie! This is definitely a great departure from casino buffets!  We got there around 10:30 and didn't wait at all.  When we left, however, there was a bit of a line.  The place was packed but, like I said, service was excellent:  efficient, quick, friendly.   Prices were very reasonable.
2	The two star rating was not for the food because my boyfriend enjoyed his lobster omelet, and my french toast stuffed with blueberry jam was delicious, but rather, it was for the dismissive customer service.We arrived on a non-busy Wednesday morning. This is a local's joint, but I'm not sure if that had anything to do with the absence in customer service that morning.It was odd that when my boyfriend and I were seated, the waitress NEVER returned to our table to take our orders. I forgot her name otherwise it would've been mentioned on here. She had passed us a few times, and I think she had forgotten about us. There was one occasion where she even asked us how we were doing, but she still managed to not take our orders. I'm not sure if this was an off-day for her, but the restaurant was not busy. It was strange, and it left me feeling uncomfortable.I finally had the nerve to flag down another waitress and informed her that we were ready to order. She rudely communicated this to our waitress, and finally she came over and jotted down our orders. She apologized, but it was an empty apology, but I gave her the benefit of the doubt nonetheless.Our dishes were delicious, don't get me wrong. The coffee could've been more bold because it was very light and watery. I'm picky with my coffee (I grind my own beans at home) and was left disappointed that the coffee didn't give me an extra kick.Anywho, I still tipped the waitress generously, but I hope that she learns her lesson to be more attentive.
5	Loved the corned beef hash.... Not greasy and just the right amount. The breakfast potatoes were also yummy and not greasy either. A friend got the lobster fest omelet and there was  plenty of lobster but kind of over the top with the egg.... Maybe the baby omelet would've balanced out the lobster better. Tasty though with the avocado. The pumpkin nut bread was yummy served warm! All priced right....Worth the drive from North Las Vegas since there is nothing much out there!
5	Cute little hole in the wall, fabulous service and food. Pumpkin bread and breakfast potatoes are killer.
4	I visited the Omelet house today with my boyfriend! And holy cow or should I say holy omelet! My boyfriend ordered the Bugsy Seagal omelet, it was beyond huge. Looked very delicious! I ordered the Waffle special nothing to fancy. And they do have one of the best biscuit and gravy! Good place I would go again!
3	Stopped by the Omelet House for breakfast and it was really busy.  I heard about their lobster eggs benedict, but since I am not a benedict fan, I opted for the lobster fest omelet which was ginormous.  The potato chips were a pleasant surprise and pumpkin bread is a must order.  Waitress was quick and attentive.  Overall good experience, nice place for breakfast.
5	I've been in Vegas my whole life and I've been eating here since around 5th or 6th grade (I'm 31 now). The only thing that I have ever ordered here is The Kitchen Sink. I once had a bite of my brother's chicken friend steak and eggs (one of my favorite breakfasts), but I still only order The Kitchen Sink.The potatoes are always good. My daughter loves them. My wife loves them and I love them. The one thing I don't love is the sausage change in The Kitchen Sink. I'm not sure when it happened, but I like the previous sausage better. The new sausage isn't bad, it just isn't the same. If you've never been, it won't matter much because you can't miss what you never had.Check this out one morning when you're looking for a great place to eat breakfast.
5	We had breakfast there before driving back to LA. The food was really good. My husband had pancakes and I had a Mile High omelet. Yum!
4	33 Omelet choices, really? I got what I was looking for, a great food experienced. 33 different omelets with food combinations that blew my mind.  I never would have thought to mix some of the food.  The omelets are made with 6 eggs (enough for two), homemade potato chips and bread choices (I chose the homemade banana nut bread- hot w butter). The staff deserved 5 stars; friendly, helpful. Great for this adventurous woman!
5	I absolutely love this place. Every time I come to Vegas I make my way over to Omelet house. I'm a sucker for the Chicken Fried Steak. When you pair it up with the homemade potato chips it's absolutely the best hangover food. You have to get there before 11 am or else you will be waiting for a while. Something that is a must get is the banana nut bread or the pumpkin bread. Both freshly baked everyday.  Their waffle special is also good for $9.00. If you go to iHop or Denny's the quality won't be the same. The omelets are huge. 6 eggs?!? That's bananas. You can get a 3 egg omelet for 89 cents off. The decor looks like the inside of your grandmothers house. Plenty of vintage salt and pepper shakers and dusty silk flowers.
5	I will never come to Vegas again without stopping here. I fell in love with our waitress who also gave us some great tips on sight seeing in Vegas. The meal was even better than the service. Bacon cooked just as I asked and pancakes were light and fluffy. On our 8 day trip this was the best meal we had from Texas, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona and Nevada.  On top of all that the atmosphere was reminiscent of old school rat pack Vegas. I could just imagine those guys having breakfast there in the back room.  You will not regret this stop well off the strip.
4	We stopped here while in Vegas and it was great.  My husband thought it was the best omelet he has had in a long time.  The potatoes were crispier than I expected, but delicious.  We will go here again.
5	This place was perfect. The service was excellent, the food came pretty fast, and the waiters were ALL over our every need. The best part for me? I asked for Crispy bacon and they made it just like I do at home. So good!!
5	Excellent service and amazing food! Lots of work went into the "kitchen Sink" omelet. The banana bread was warm and delicious, too! And our waitress was super cute! #Casandra
5	We came to the Omelet House because it was close to where we were staying, and the first review on Yelp was about the pumpkin bread.  I was NOT disappointed!  The pumpkin bread was as big as a piece of cake!  It came out warm with butter.  It was wonderful!  I ordered the #36, omelet with pork green chili.  I ordered the "baby omelet" which was supposed to be a smaller sized omelet...if this is small then the regular must be super sized!  Son got the pancakes with bacon and eggs.  Needless to say he cleaned his plate!  The menu is huge and doesn't disappoint, and the service was great!
4	Massive breakfast plates that include potatoes,banana nut bread, and toast! Be careful the omelets are made with six eggs!
4	My husband eats here every time he comes to Vegas and enjoys the quaint hometown feel. We came as a family and the kids enjoyed it a lot too. They loved the balloon lady.  Definitely will return, you won't leave there hungry that's for sure! The banana bread was yuuuummmmmmyyyyy!!!
4	Our dining group had a positive overall experience here.  The interior is unique and the down home dinerish feel that makes going to breakfast places enjoyable.  Plenty of seating to be had.  The service was excellent and coffee and water cups were filled frequently and without even being asked.I had the chicken fried steak with country gravy and the homemade house chips.  The dish was accompanied by pumpkin bread.  The pumpkin bread  was plentifully apportioned and served with spreadable butter versus the normal hard butter.  The homemade chips were crisp and delicious.  Chicken friend steak is one of my guilty pleasures and this version of it was one of the better ones I've had, best version in Las Vegas.  One of our dinner patrons had one of the omelets and found it underwhelming.  I won't speak as to the omelet as I didn't have it.  Breakfast food is a hard market to set yourself apart in a positive direction from the pack.My experience was a solid four and I would like to come back and try some of the other dishes.
4	I could condense my review into four simple words, to be honest -Get. The. Pumpkin. Bread.I'm ashamed to say that I can't even remember what I'd had here.  (The pictures tell me chicken fried steak and eggs.  Not bad, now that I remember.  Pretty good, actually.)  The fries stood out because they were sort of almost like potato chips (not necessarily a bad thing) - but otherwise, it was decent, good breakfast food with nothing else that was truly a standout.Except for that pumpkin bread.  Oh...em... effing.... GEE.  That pumpkin bread was hot, steaming, with butter slathered on the top... I can't even use any word in the English language to describe the utter deliciousness.  If I'd had my choice, I could have simply eaten that alone for breakfast and I would have been just fine with that.  Completely fine with that.  My husband had the banana nut bread and he said that it was just as good as the pumpkin - maybe even better.  When we come back here, I'll make sure to find out and report back, heh.If you get Julie as your server, you'll be completely and totally happy.  She was the sweetest lady with a heart of gold.  Totally deserved that extra tip we laid down.  The decor was very countrified, paneled walls, dark and "homey".  No complaints here - I thought it was charming and suited the place very well.No wait, but we came sort of late in the day (after 11:00am).One star off, though, for the coffee.  The coffee was... in a word... abominable.  But that pumpkin bread completely makes up for it.  I think that we could have been served warm cat excrement and had a server straight out of Dick's Last Resort on the Strip and it wouldn't have mattered, as long as I could have that pumpkin bread.Did I mention the pumpkin bread was AWESOME?  Oh, I did, then.  Not a bad spot to stop in for breakfast.  It's not the absolute #1 choice (you want Mr. Mama's or Kailyn's Kitchen for that)... but it's worthy.  Especially for that....oh, well, you know.  :)
4	Why have I never been here before is beyond me. Wait I know why, because it's exterior doesn't look eye catching. BUT, like the old saying goes, do not judge a book by it's cover. It's amazing!!So when you first walk in, you will see the place covered in memorabilia, FULL of fun and cute knick knacks. Absolutely love the atmosphere, makes you feel comfortable, relaxed and so at home.So we ordered the Lox benedict and the .38 special (meat lovers omelet) and wow! left my tummy and palate so satisfied. With your order they give you these crispy fried homemade chips. Also, try their banana nut bread, so delicious.I will definitely be coming back. I want some more Lox benedict, :-)
5	This is favorite breakfast spot when we are in Vegas. It is a local place that is always busy.  The biscuits and gravy are homemade and so good, they are a must here.  Our table shared a plate while we all decided what to order.  Nothing says breakfast can't have an appetizer too.  Today I had the scramble, eggs with large ham chunks and onions, very tasty.  The others had omelets and are stuffed with all the goodies they like (although I don't think I would ever like an omelet with asparagus and mushrooms but that's just me). Each plate comes with their home potatoes which are thinly sliced like homemade potato chips but not fried to a crisp.  If your throwing caution to the wind, ask for a side of cheese sauce, it is a wonderful combination.They have homemade soups so we ordered the ham and bean soup to go.  That will be our post night out gimme something to eat food.  I cant wait.The service was friendly and our drinks were constantly topped off.  Family and kid friendly.  It is very plain on the outside and I likely would never have tried it if I wasn't with someone that already had.  The inside looks like my grandma decorated it but that is all part of the local, mom and pop place charm.  The biscuits and gravy make it all worth it.
5	This place was really good! I had the healthnut omelet with avocado and it was so good! I just wish I would have ordered the baby omelet size, I barely finished half of the omelet. Lol. The homemade chips they give you with your omelet were delicious! Can't wait to come back again!
5	Vegas will always be competitive with abundance in food for cheap. Buffets everywhere, fancy places or just regular chain restaurants at you convenience ! This restaurant is a hidden place we found, We go back every time we visit Las Vegas ! It's a highlight of our trip every time!! The fresh bread, the selection of omelets.. Very reasonably priced!! It's a must go !!!
5	Huge portions even with baby omelette.  I would advice you to share. Only $.95 more to share. The food was excellent. Stuffed myself, because i couldnt stand to leave it to waste.
5	We have been here twice now. The first time for eggs and the second time we chose the country fried steak and let me just say WOW, YUMMY, DELICIOUS...and it came with their famous warm banana nut bread. The homemade potato chips are the bomb as well. The chicken fried steak was very generous in its portion and the gravy was perfect. We are going again tomorrow as a matter of fact. Love this place and the service is fantastic as well.
3	The waitress was quite nice. The potato chips are awesome. The rest of our food was just ok, nothing spectacular. Place is very old school. It was an ok breakfast in general here ...
4	We enjoyed the omelettes, had the #7 and the #24 (can't remember the names) and they were both delicious. The portions are huge so come hungry or ready to share.  Omelets come with home made chips and banana or pumpkin bread which was moist and very tasty. The service was great and I will be back when I come back to Vegas looking for a breakfast spot
5	To make things simple, foodies should not go to Vegas and neglect to visit this jewel! It's not on the strip, but it is worth the 10-15min commute. Omelets your way...and they are huge and flavorful. The home fried potatoes that compliment your omelette are good, though they pale in comparison to the omelette. Oh, and the banana or pumpkin bread that come with your meal is delicious, as in better than your grandma's (if your grandma could really cook). I got an omelet with shrimp, crab, avocado, and cream cheese with egg whites and it simply blew my taste buds away. Fresh, hot coffee and they keep your cup full!Old school feel by the ambiance of the place...very homey, rustic and charming. The service was amazing! Server was very attentive, full of recommendations, and worked to meet dietary restrictions of my group. Hands down, 5 stars!! If in Vegas, don't miss out on this breakfast masterpiece!
4	I was on my way to the Strip to do some gambling with my pal Stan Diego.  I needed something to eat before a long day of debauchery.Had a little trouble finding the place as the signage is somewhat misleading.  There were actually 4 or 5 cars idling in the parking lot waiting for the place to open.  Everyone made a rush for the door as soon as it was unlocked.  That has to be a good sign!It's a quaint little diner - thought I was back in the Midwest for a second!!I went with the Kitchen Sink omelet and it was WAY too much food for even a large person to eat.  But it was quite good, so I made a valiant effort to get on the outside of this beast.  Couldn't do it, though.The potato-chip like thingys accompanying the omelet were nothing special, but I didn't have room for them anyway.The service was great - everyone was very friendly.Recommend.
5	Loved it! It looks scary on the outside, but is worth venturing inside. Coffee was fantastic; huge portions; great service! Definitely get the banana bread!
5	Love this place. Hole in the wall mom and pop joint. Huge portions and flavorful food. I love the home made breads they make. They change sometimes too. Banana nut, pumpkin nut, or bread pudding all made from scratch.  I will never get toast again!  Clientele was a lil on the older side but they did not discriminate! See you next year Omelete house!
5	Awesome breakfast!  Based on yelp reviews stopped on the way to zion national park as just a few minutes off 15. - food:  great. Pumpkin and banana bread both met our high expectations. - omelettes: huge and excellent. You can easily share 1 and still be stuffed. - ambience. . Looks like a bit of a dive on outside but the inside is classic diner.  Very nice. - service. Friendly and attentive. Coffee and water was never empty. We highly recommend and very well might stop again on our way back to the airport.
4	One of the greatest breakfast places in Las Vegas spots- this place has great food and great service!I had the eggs benedict- delicious! I will be back!
5	Amazing breakfast! Stop thinking the now OVERPRICED hotel buffets are best when you are in LV ! Yelpers directed me here and they did not disappoint ! Hubby had the Mile High omelet which he said was full of good ham in between smacks! He also wishes he had got the junior as the regular size was huge! If you have kidsI suggest they split a junior. Petunia omelet is loaded with crisp bacon...take your BP meds people!! The spuds are crispy, more of a good potato chip than a hash brown but quite tasty. Waffle is light and fluffy with warm syrup! Ooooh the BANANA BREAD... Trust any Yelpers who advise you to get this it is warm, full of nuts you must get it there and extra to go for later!!!!Just Gooo!
5	Went here for breakfast with my family and was immediately greeted by a couple of people and was seated right away!  We ordered two large omelets which we all split.  The waitress told us that each large omelet was made with 6 lg eggs so we knew right away we wouldn't be able to finish an order by ourselves. My two sons ordered an omelet with bacon and cheese....both were in heaven!  My husband and I shared a lobster omelet and we were in heaven too!  We ordered the banana and pumpkin breads as our sides and they were both mouth watering. Moist and warm and served with a side of butter...what more can you ask for!  We also saw the table next to us eating their fried zucchini!  So we decided to place an order for one. Wow...glad we did that!  The batter was light and flaky.  The service there was phenomenal!  Our drinks were never half empty. Our waitress always made small talk and she was like that with everyone!  We will definitely be coming back!
4	Morning FoodAfter a night of little slumberWe woke up with much hungerWe drove about 2 milesAnd Kristi/Kristy(?) greeted us with BIG smilesThe food was oh so yummyIt filled up all my tummyI even left some on the plateAnd it all cost a little more than $8
5	Our go to place for Breakfast!  Returned 2 days in a row to be served by Kathy..the most awesome server!  From Lobster Benedict to Lobster Omlette to almost 30 other omlettes, the stuffed french toast and homemade corned beef hash..its all excellent!  Homemade Pumpkin and Banana breads are the icing on the cake!  Best breakfast value in Las Vegas all for less than $12 per 6 egg Omlette which can be shared!
5	Food was delicious, with generous servings at fair prices. Staff was kind and profressional, highly recommended.
4	Comfortable country eatery with tasty dishes that easily satisfies an enormous appetite. Lisa had a chili omelet where the chili was easily championship quality. I had a turkey club omelet that far exceeded my own expectation. The special treat is they make their own potato chips that they use in place of hash browns or home fried potatoes. They were delicious. Very happy (and full) campers are we.
4	This review is for a couple years ago, but somehow my posting didn't get posted until now...The 40+ minute wait at Hash House, on and off strip, was not appealing to the guys I was with, so my cousin recommended this place. The fast seating and service here are great! I ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine. The hollandaise sauce was the best I've ever had, and it went well with the spinach and mushrooms. The potato chips were awesome too...slightly crispy on the edges and soft in the center. The other guys ordered omelettes, which they seemed to enjoy too.Most likely you won't be walking away from this place without a box to go.
5	I've got two words for this place big food. Normally on our lunch hour we go in here and I am always going to get the California omelette it has avocado sausage and cheese. I really can't think of anything better. I always get the baby omelette it only takes off about $.95 but I'm telling you you won't notice that it's baby because it's huge plus you get these fries which are more like chips and they have this crazy salty peppery chivey deliciousness on top of them. You also get your choice of bread and believe me people always rave about the pumpkin bread and people always rave about the banana bread I don't eat bananas and all of the breads have walnuts which I also don't eat so I just get a side of sourdough toast which is great. So yesterday my friend convinces me to try the chicken fingers and oh my gosh. So generally they ask you if you want ranch with them but read the menu closely because you get to choose between ranch and cheese sauce. That's right cheese sauce how evil genius is that?? It is so good and it still comes with those wonderful chips
5	I feel like I'm eating breakfast in my grandmas kitchen! This is a breakfast gem in central Las Vegas. The staff is super personable and friendly. It makes me feel like I'm back in the south --- something I miss dearly. The food is delicious and home made ---- no complaints here!! Plus, the price is right!!
5	Awesome, the food is amazing. we tried 3 omelet types and all were great. portion is more than enough, Coffee is great (not bold) with free refills. my kids liked the side potatoes (much better than french fries). seating and decoration fits the place and staff are very helpful. The prices is much less than any other place with same quality of food. I am sure I am going to try more items on the menu.
4	Having dropped in coincidentially at  the Omlet house it was a superb experience. Everybody there was so friendly and accomodation that we would have loved to spend more time there then for just having breakfast. The dishes were realy big and very tasty. I do recommend the corned beef...yum yum...and the banana bread...never had any better. Thank you so much for keeping thins real in "Sin City". You got a new fan from Germany. Thumbs up! :-)
4	"Hands Down Best Omlettes!"The Irish Omlettes is my favorite here and the pancakes that come with it of course are amazing! Orange juice a bit on the expensive side but then again that's almost every breakfast place! Anyways I'd eat here before I would at ihop or Denny's any day!
5	I usually stay downtown when I'm in Vegas because it's not as crazy busy as being in the strip.  So of course, I was looking for a spot that was nowhere near the strip when heading out for breakfast.  Found this place and was immediately impressed with their food and portions!  Ordered an omelet, which came with potato chips and freshly baked bread (I chose banana).  Although I wish some of the chips were a bit crispier, I love potato in general so I just kept eating it up, with a side of ranch, of course.  The freshly baked banana bread though was so good!  They don't joke around with the portions of this place.  Needless to say, both the boyfriend and I had to take to-go boxes, and if you've ever seen my boyfriend, he's not usually the to-go box type of guy.  The servers are attentive and the owner is very friendly.  Make sure to make your way to this place before 11am though because anytime after that, you'll be sure to have a wait.  Oh and make sure to bring an appetite and an empty stomach!
4	I ordered the lox omelet which was delicious the only downfall was how massive my plate was that I couldn't come close to finishing it. The potato spuds were amazing and the pumpkin bread to die forMy mom had the Greek omelet and she said it was really great
1	Used to love this place. Not sure if I still like their food as I never received my correct order. Took about 15 minutes for out waitress to even acknowledge we were there. Messed up on my order. It took forever for it to be remade. Asked if it could be to go. Well to go order was still incorrect.  Never refilled our drinks. Upon looking at ticket we could see that the order was put in wrong. And the whole time the waitress made it seem like it wasn't her fault. Terrible service. I work on the strip and when people ask for something different to eat I recommend omelet house. I will never be doing that again. Overall horrible experience.
4	Great place to eat.  Prices are low and servings are huge.  Lots of choices and the service is prompt.
4	Love coming here for breakfast on the weekends! The service and food are always top notch. This family owned and run restaurant always feels like home as soon as you walk in the door. You are greeted and seated by the husband, wife is in the kitchen cooking, and son is cashing you out at the end of the meal. Wait staff is always pleasant and smiling. Here is a place that gives you an all around great dining experience.
5	5 stars for sure! The Omelette House was a hidden gem. Huge portions and enough to split for 2 people. The king of hearts omelette I ordered was delicious! My dad had the short stack of pancakes and loved them.Our waitress Cece was so nice and we loved chatting with her. This place is the real deal. Authentic and home cooked food! If you're in Vegas come here for breakfast. Worth the drive from the strip :)
5	If you like good breakfast after a long night of party. just go there at 7am. Food is amazing and quantity is huge. No more questions..
5	Off the strip...sooo worth it!!!! 5stars!!!! $$ for cost. Had the Californian and chili cheese omelets, kid had pancakes, everybody shared plates, we all left stuffed! Get the "baby" omelets, unless you can eat a 6 egg omelet. Jus' sayin!!!! We shall return!! Oh hell yeah!!!! Julie was Awesome!! Someone comes around with coffee every 5 minutes, so the cup never emptys!
5	Just had the best chicken fried steak n eggs. really really good and the fried potatoes are to die for.
5	If you're looking for the best Eggs Benedict you've ever tasted you found the right place the hollandaise sauce is second to none, friendly staff great service food is always delicious no matter what you order I highly recommend them
5	Much better than expected. Large portions. I only ate half my omelet! Got enough for lunch.
5	I've been coming to the omelette house ever since I was a wee gambler. Thank God for my Vegas connections that told me about this gem back in the day. The O.H is situated towards the back of a little strip mall. The decor is 1970's grandma style....very quaint and nauseating with the random selection of things. However, I swear there is a room where you can get married located all the way in the back of fhe restaurant. "I do!" Now bring on the banana bread wedding cake lol (for those that know what I'm talking about). Food: A+ with gold stars. I've tried their omelettes even though they have other things but why go to the OMLETTE HOUSE and order a salad? I've never been disappointed with the food. I go for the petite selection which is 3 eggs versus the OG size of 1/2 dz eggs. ALWAYS order the banana bread as your bread choice. Moist, rich in flavor, warm....mmmm The zucchini spears are good too. Service was on point but it was Monday mid-morning.  I've been during weekend and there is a little wait but never to the point where you say, "forget this."  They close at 3pm (I believe) but check with them to make sure. Till next time O.H.....wish there was a clone in L.A.
4	Had the jolly green giant omelet. Talk about delicious vegetable galore! Also, I subbed toast for the banana nut bread and I was not disappointed. I could definitely see myself coming here tomorrow.
4	great food and exceptional service, will return!
4	Amazing polish sandwich tender meat grilled bread yummy!  Omelet was huge and the potatoes were delicious a hidden treasure location. Really good
5	Great service.   Food potion was huge and the price is right.  Loved the Cowboy Omelet.   Shirley was great at her job.
4	Amazing warm banana nut bread and delicious potatoes! The omelettes are huge...consider sharing. Coffee is not the best but everything else makes up for it. Friendly service and cozy place....the restaurant is inside a shopping center not to be confused by the sign.
4	Was not let down by the reviews and ratings! It was yummy. Although everyines fiod was great I have to agree with hubby and wasn't to impressed with the gravy. And I wanted to by one of the items they had for sale and couldn't because the person with the keys was not there. Disappointed because I really wanted to purchase the items. But I would eat there again. As a mattrr of fact I book marked it so when we cone back to Vegas we can go there again.
5	With a gazillion omelet options, this place is a lot of fun.  They have pumpkin and banana nut bread! Very friendly, fast service.
4	My bf and I ate here yesterday. When we got there we were not acknowledged right away,  there was no line to be seated and we were probably waiting for about 5-7 min and finally they noticed us and sat us down. The place was lacking a bit AC. When we did order our food, it was served promptly though, they were also on top of my bf coffee. I had my mouth set for some steak and eggs, but unfortunately they did not have that on their menu, which is kind of rare. They are know for there yummy huge omelets....six egg omelets, enough actually for two people! I ended up ordering the "popeye omelet" but with sausage instead of bacon. It was really good, but it had a bit too much cheese on top. Their banana bread was delicious, I really recommend it. Overall it was a pretty good place to eat at and we would eat there again.
5	Had jolly green giant omelet and added bacon, pastrami sandwich, chili with garlic bread, and pumpkin bread. Our server, JILLLLLL, was effing fantastic. She recommended stuff to us since it was our first time. The pumpkin bread was warm and tasted like Fall. Chili was delicious. We got it with cheese and onions. The garlic bread was crispy and chewy with one side having caramelized cheese. It was PERFECT. The omelet was delicious and ginormous. I took 80% of it home because we ordered so much food. The boyfriend said the pastrami sandwich was delicious and came out piping hot. First time here and it was super freaking awesome. Don't be put off by the exterior condition of the place. I'm not going to lie.... The interior could use a little revamping. It essentially looks like how I would imagine grandmas house with knick knacks that she's collected over the years. It's pretty neat and the restaurant is a lot bigger than I expected it to be. Anyways will definitely try to get my boyfriend to take me here again!!!!!
5	They have a big space. Great for our big party lunches during weekdays. All I have to do is call them when we are on our way to tell them about our big party and they will set up the tables for us. Never have any problems with group of 12 and food comes fast. 10.19 for my favorite omelette and a huge portion. Staffs are always super nice as well.
5	This breakfast/brunch place goes on my list as the "Best of the Best," (for Omelets.)The service that we had was 5-star and the food taste and portion size was 5-star.We had a great incredible waitress--Amanda, but I did notice that another woman that came to our table at the end of the meal to help out was a lot less friendly and sourpussed so I am glad that we were not stuck with her otherwise this may have been a very different review.I had the egg white omelet, veggies, add chicken with the banana nut bread and potatoes.The Omelet was a 6 on a 1 to 5 scale.   Off the scale!  It was approx. 14.00 before tip.The included banana nut bread was a 4 of 5--excellent taste but unhealthy.The potatoes were a 2 of 5--really could not eat too many they were so greasy and oily and tasted from oil. Yuk!Would definitely return for the Omelet again and try to substitute the potatoes for something else.Restroom Side note:  The men's restroom here was a nose holder.  It was dirty, urine smell, and you had to hold your nose and get out quickly.  They probably can't clean properly because the wall tiles and floor tiles look like splattered urine so you can't know if you cleaned it.  It's not like solid white where you know immediately if you missed a spot.   My partner was unable to use the woman's restroom it was so dirty.
4	Well, Yelp has yet to fail me.  The pumpkin bread is as amazing as everyone says.  I had the lox omelet and it was delicious. Biscuits and gravy were to salty for my liking.  Definitely will be returning here the next time in Vegas
5	Thank goodness for yelp to help find little spots like this. Was amazed at how the reviews were for a dollar, and after my first breakfast here I'd have to agree. The best part is the price, everything is less than 10 bucks but tastes great. My friend got the meat lovers omelette with a delicious side of potatoes that I've never seen prepared like that and I had the stuffed Apple French toast. Also great.If you're feeling guilty for spending 70 dollars at a Vegas dinner last night and want to balance it out with a fair priced breakfast Omelette House will not disappoint
5	Blew my expectations out of the water!The food here comes in big portions, the employees are nice, the food delicious, and the atmosphere relaxing.. I had just finished competing at the Mr. Olympia in MAS wrestling, taking 4th place in the international championship and needed something to refuel my super sore tush the next morning. The Omelette house couldn't be a better combination of nutrition, deliciousness, and convenience. The only thing is, they close early, so get there early ;)
3	Tasty and satisfying. Cute and fulfilling breakfast/brunch restaurant. Portions were big. To compare, they are a bit larger than an omelet at IHOP.  I had the Cowboy Special. I would not order it again. It was tasty but chili was not to my liking. My favorite was the potato chip/fries! Loved those! My bf had the Californian and I liked that one much better. The avocado was fresh. I enjoyed that they weren't stingy with it; the omelet had plenty in it! My sister had the waffle, which I loved! It was fluffy and sweet, they consistency was perfect. I appreciated that it wasn't soggy or thin. The pumpkin bread I did not find as flavorful as I thought it would be after reading all the reviews. I found it to be bland. Service wasn't anything out of the ordinary, if anything, the hostess walked by us twice before saying a word to us, which is quite rude. Acknowledge your customers. The waitress was more attentive. I would go back to try a few other items on the menu!Date of service: 9/13/2014
2	Im in Las Vegas for a few days and my husband and I decided to go somewhere for Breakfast.  Found this place near downtown. I had the corn beef hash which was quite good but the potatoes that came with it, were like having Home made potato chips, which is not exactly what I was looking to have for breakfast.  The place was very nice, very clean a little hard to find, if you missed the sign, you would miss it.  Not sure if we are in town again that we would go back.
5	The Omelet House is old-school Vegas. As expected,  omelets feature prominently with approximately 40 varieties to choose. Other breakfast classics are done well.  You can go every weekend and never get bored.  The corned beef hash is one favorite off-omelet offerings but honestly,  the omelets are where my taste buds lead me nearly every time. Signature sides of thinly sliced potatoes,  crispy and seasoned and homemade pumpkin or banana nut bread round out my plate.  The many of the servers have worked at this friendly, locally owned family business and it contributes nicely to a warm atmosphere.  I love bringing out of town guests here for breakfast or brunch.  Expect a bit of a wait to be seated as demand for a great breakfast in this popular, homey establishment.
5	This is probably THE BEST breakfast joint in the Las Vegas area. When in Vegas (twice a year) we always visit this place. Sometimes several times during our holiday. And I think we stand out being European tourist because on several occasions we've had a nice conversation with the owner asking us how we found and like the place.We'll: we love it! The atmosphere is like you're dining with your crazy aunt that can't stop collection teapots and hasn't change her decor in ages. But that's the fun of it.. You'll find not only teapots, but also cookie jars, muts, salt and peppers, etc. Really nice to look at. And don't forgot the big wall painting.Service is very, very prompt. Portions are beyond huge. Spuds are to die for. Best we've ever had.Have to be honoust: although we come here 4-6 times a year we always take an omelet. Most of the times my love orders a 38. meat lovers omelet and I always order some kind of egg white omelet with vegetables and feta. Both a big succes. So can't really tell you something about the dishes besides the 40 somewhat omelet choices. But hey, why go to an omelet house to have a salad?And remember Intold you the portions are huge. Consider ordering a baby omelet.
5	With so many buffets and restaurants in Las Vegas, I was hesitant to wander off the strip to grab breakfast.  But we decided to give it a try since we were leaving anyway.  WOW!! By far the best omelet I ever had!  These are not your normal 2-to-3-egg omelets I'm used to getting.  They are SIX (6) egg omelets that are amazing.  So many choices too.  They brought me warm banana bread before the omelet arrived that was a slice of pure heaven.  I will make this my go-to breakfast place every time I'm in Vegas from now on.
5	The omelette house as fantastic we had a very decadent breakfast including a lobster Benedict and stuffed french toast with cinnamon apple both were excellent I believe the chips are homemade and the service was great. This is a good place to go to get out of the casinos in have a good fresh breakfast
5	One of the best breakfast places I've ever been to! Biscuits and gravy were the best I have ever had and their sausage patties are so so good. I will definitely be back every time I visit Vegas!
4	Great place to come for breakfast.I had an omelet with Bacon, Onion, Tomato and cheese.Arriving at their opening, I was served promptly and service was outstanding.The portions were huge and the staff is very friendly.I'll be back when I return to Vegas later in the year.You wont be disappointed.Thanks Omelet House !!
2	Coffee was like water and warm, even after I requested for a change. Pancake syrup was runny. As I poured it over the pancake there was like a film over it and once that was broken, it just exploded on the pancake. Yuck. The only reason I gave this place a 2 star was because the server was really pleasant.
5	We were looking for a good breakfast place near the Palace Station on yelp and ran across this hidden gem only about a mile from there, and would definitely come back along with bringing some freinds to. The prices are fair the food had great flavor and was all homemade. But our waitress Priscilla was just the best!
5	First time here and I'm impressed! Food is really good, the omelets are huge (six eggs!) and the ingredients very fresh and tasty. The prices are pretty fair. And the decor with all the roosters.. perfect  Our server Priscilla is superb! I have been to many restaurants where the servers have been pleasant but this lady is different.. she's simply awesome.. and very well spoken. Definitely a little restaurant we'll be coming back to anytime we're in Vegas. Certainly recommend it!
5	The staff is friendly and on top of their game. The food is so good, I want to move there just to be able to be a regular. I will be back.
5	Experience:  I brought some out of town friends who asked me for breakfast at a local spot that wasn't touristy. I have been here about 3 to 4 times in the past and always enjoy it. This time was no different.  Food: we started out with some of their Zuchinni Sticks, because they are so good. We got half an order, which was plenty for 3 of us.    They ordered omelettes, but I went to an old safety...their homemade Hash and eggs. It is so good!!!   There are big chunks of corned beef and fried with potatoes. It comes with two eggs, their delicious breakfast hash browns, which are more like yummy chips, and your choice of bread. And here's the best part...besides the normal toast, muffin choices, they have homemade Pumpkin or Banana Bread.  Since I got my eggs over easy, I needed toast to sop it up, so I always order some Banana Bread in the side Togo.    The portions are huge, so there will be a Togo box, unless you downsize to half omelettes. Service: the service is typical of a very busy breakfast place.  Not rude or slow, but not friendly or fast. But the food is good, so I don't care. Facility:  this is a divey kinda place, but with an eclectic flare.  They have memorabilia from all things Vegas and old school. A lot of the items are for sale too. Overall review: probably my fav breakfast place. Their food has never disappointed, so I will definitely be back!!!
4	After a long night of partying, I awoke with a hangover that was demanding to be fed with some good breakfast food. Since I don't know my area too well, I decided to see what Yelpers recommended for breakfast close to me. Omelet House popped up and after reading the reviews I decided to give it a shot. I called in an order of blueberry stuffed french toast, with 2 eggs, and 2 slices of bacon. It was ready when I got there to pick it up and all of the food was still piping hot when I got home. Everything that I ordered was delicious, it definitely helped the after effects of my indulgence in spirits from the night before. The best part about the entire meal was the pumpkin bread I warmed up later on for a snack. I usually make my own breakfast but any time I'm not feeling up to it (especially after a night of drinking), Omelet House will be my breakfast restaurant of choice.
5	The best customer service EVER! My first time there I was very impressed. The food was delish, the staff was prompt,  very attentive and the overall environment was very pleasant and welcoming. Highly recommended it.
5	Amazing food...portions are big...definitely get your money's worth. ..service is great with a wonderful atmosphere. ..definitely going to be back next time we're in Vegas!!
5	took a cab from the Rio because of the reviews about this place.  The reviews where not wrong.  The food and the amount of food was over the top.  The home made potatoe chips where just great addition to the food.  Service was top shelf.  Wife and I where so full that we took out time and took the bus back to the Rio.
4	Portions are huge!  Food is soooooo yummy!The chile verde is soooooo yummy and the spuds are sooooo yummy!Everything that I have ever tried has been yummy.But they do all the dollar to change this, dollar to add that, and not say anything about it.  That bugs me, if you are going to charge extra for something give me a heads up.Other than that the service and food are great!
1	Nasty, canned food. This place gives large portions of flavorless mushy food. Everything is heaped with homemade potato chips that have no taste. Im guessing the 4 star rating is for the portion size. Yuck!!! Glad I didnt waste the calories and didnt eat it, a couple bites and thats it. 33 bucks down the drain.
2	I did not have the same experience as many of these other reviewers which is surprising.  I met a colleague here for breakfast during the week and we were greeted promptly - service was fine.  I ordered the Petunia Pig omelet and my colleague ordered the Corn Beef Hash.  The food portions were big, but the taste was lacking.  My eggs were a bit overcooked and did not have enough cheese or meat in the omelet.  The "homemade potato chips" which accompanied the dish were nothing special - would have preferred hash browns.  The toast was dry.  I just wasn't impressed.  I've had many other breakfasts here in Vegas including the other Omelet House in Henderson (which was great).  Not sure what went wrong today.
5	Land of BIG food!   Come hungry.   Tucked away in an obscure location this is definitely a gem.  Homemade potato chips are pure genius.
3	Reading is fundamental. Wish I would've read the reviews clearly...closely, whatever. I don't like potato chips with my breakfast. Yes they were good, seasoned well, but can get soggy by sitting with on or next to your omelet. So I'd suggest a separate plate to preserve the crunchies!!
5	This place is amazing! Oh i wish we had same place in LA! My fav breakfast place to go, when I am in Vegas. Everything here is good - service, food, prices. When we got there first time - they sit us at the Mayor of Las Vegas honorable table, which was really nice) Love it!
5	Came here looking to get away from the strip scene. Found this place on yelp, and thanks to all the reviews, we decided this was going to be breakfast before heading home.The location is in a sketchy area...but don't let that deter you from coming. The inside makes you feel like you are at your grandmas house. The decor and music are great. The food is even better. I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were amazing. The boyfriend ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelette and he loved it. Like others have said, the portions are huge. We will come back here no doubt. So glad we stumbled across this gem. LOVE IT!
3	If you're looking for ginormous portions in a homestyle setting, Omelet House is the jam. You can't get much different from the the ritzy Vegas Strip than this!As the name of the business indicates, tons of egg/omelet options to choose from. Almost too many! Denver Omelets, Crab Omelets, Bacon Omelets... which one sounds best? The burger. Get the burger! 1/2 pound of beefy goodness in a bun. With a side of potatoes. Have someone in your party order an egg creation and you can switch halfway through your meal. Then you have absolutely nothing to complain about.For the price, this place is a steal! Average tab per person comes out to about $12 each. And unless you're a "big bunch", there's no way you can finish everything on your plate the first time around. Make sure to tip your waitress extra for all of the refills and sweet as pie service.
4	Came here with a friend for breakfast at about 9 a.m. on a Saturday morning.  Was very busy, but we were seated fairly quickly.Service is very efficient - the servers have busers and runners to keep coffee cups full (very good coffee!).  Our server was very friendly and helpful as well.I got the cowboy special - a chili cheese omelet, which came with potatoes and (I chose) a side of pumpkin bread.  The pumpkin bread came out quickly, and was, warm, moist and delicious, especially with the coffee.Omelet arrived before I finished my pumpkin bread - kitchen definitely runs like clockwork here.  The omelet was HUGE and good, but a little heavy on the (raw) onions for my taste.  Nice chili.  The eggs were a little firmer then I like, but that's just me (my perfect omelet is Peppermill).  Was still tasty though.The potatoes on the side were really good - like a combination of a potato chip and a french fry.  I ended up taking them home and having them that night for dinner - they were great even cold and refrigerated.We finished up, got the bill (arrived very promptly at the end of the meal), and vacated the table for the next party - we realized when we left (about 9:45) that the line was not only out the door, but was starting to wrap around the building.Definitely would like to come back and try some of their other items.  Food is good, very nice service, just get there early if you're going for breakfast!
5	I've been coming here for 25 years and the food has always been consistently good.  Seating and service is fast and courteous. I will continue to go here into the future
5	Best breakfast in vegas! Nice friendly people serving  good country home style cooking!
5	I love how the place looks it's just like a little cottage house. The knickknacks are adorable I wanted them all. there was a lot on The menu but I wanted to order an omelette . Just to try it out the server had advised us that the portions were big so she suggested to split the plate. if I didn't know that I would've got one plate for myself and my mother. We were glad that she let us know because we were full at the end. I also love that when u order hot tea they bring out the many different options. We tried Health Nut
4	I had never been to this Omlete House before I went with 8 of my co-workers for our annual holiday lunch. Given there were so many of us I called ahead to make a reservation. Well, it turns out they don't take reservations. I was told to call back about an hour before we wanted to eat so they would have a heads up. No problem.We showed up about 11:45 and were led back to an area of the restaurant where tables could be put together for the nine of us. We were led back quite a long way too. It turns out the Omlete House is massive. There must be three or four dining areas. The hallways and corridors wind through like a labyrinth through dozens of antique decorations adorning the walls. Paintings, copper art, knick knacks Coke signs. Some of it is for sale. Some of it is not. It gives a lot to look at while waiting for your food.The food was good. Some of my co-workers ordered omletes as that is the specialty here. Me personally, I don't care for breakfast so I ordered a pastrami sandwich on marble rye. The pastrami was sliced thick and stacked not super high but high enough to be pleasing. The rye bread was too toasted for my liking and tore up my mouth. But it tasted good enough that it didn't really matter. On the side was the "famous" potatoes that I don't actually like. They are almost like chips but not as thin and not as crisp. Potatoes that don't know what they want to be. Not that it made any difference. I ate most of them anyway. What really stood out was the fried zuchinni we ordered for the group. Batter fried rather than breaded and seasoned too. It was delicious. And it came with two dipping sauces. Ranch dressing and cheese sauce. I ate my pieces plain. Still good. I also was given a co-workers pumpkin bread. That might have been my favorite part of lunch. It was moist and loaded with pumpkin spice and topped with walnuts. Fantastic.This was a good lunch at a cool place with accomodating staff.
4	I ordered egg Benedict and it's great and great waitress my husband ordered waffle n eggs n bacon he says taste great
3	For a breakfast place, this place is pretty good. It is a little hidden and hard to find. the decor was a little too cluttered and eclectic for my taste. If you are craving an omlet this is the place to go. Their menu is full of every omlet you can think of.I had the lox benedict. it was good and rich. maybe a little too rich. overall if you are looking for a diner style breakfast this is the place to go.
5	Bomb breakfast spot with HUGE portions. The banana nut bread was amazing as well. All food is scratch made; highly recommended and the coffee flows freely. Tip your waitress.
5	Banana bread is the greatest on earth! It's worth driving here just for that alone. The breakfast is huge and the price is tiny! My new favorite place!
4	Party of 5 and we all loved our breakfast!  I took the advice of other reviews and ordered the pumpkin bread, it was delicious! Two of us got our omletts "baby" and i still couldn't finish it.
5	After our first breakfast place was closed on New Years day we chose Omelet House and have to say. WOW! fast service friendly staff and glad I ordered the small Omelet three eggs was enough to fill me.I saw the Omelets others were ordering and they were six eggs Big! Yikes to much food. They were delicious and the staff was fun and quick.It is in a hole in the wall but it is well worth the visit. The strip mall has some funny shops but it is safe. Enjoy the food and leave with a full belly and safe some money from the strip food to gamble later with.
2	They seated us and then forgot us. Coffee was very weak with no flavor. Food was just so so. The one true stand out were the potatoes.  Those were 5 stars. I live in vegas but will never eat here again. Our waitress was awesome. Sadly I don't remember her name. Go down the street to the Egg and I. Much better food for a better price.
4	What a hidden gem for breakfast! :) I came here with my mom after errands were done and the food is quite pleasing to the taste buds! We started with the Pumpkin Nut Bread......AMAZING! I don't usually say that about most places but this place....thumbs up. The bread was fluffy, warm and had just the right amount of walnuts. So that was a plus! My mom had a egg sandwich I believe which came with these thinly potato sliced potato chips. She raved about how good her sandwich was and you get a generous amount of portions of each! I wasn't extremely hungry so I stuck to the oatmeal with bananas and strawberries. I know it seems so simple but this was also quite delicious! Normally when I get oatmeal it's incredibly dry....thank goodness for this place! It was absolutely delicious and again you get a generous portion. Service: Our server and service was okay in the beginning we were greeted with a different server who was peppy, but she politely asked the other server if that was her table. We wanted the other girl back. Other than that everyone worked well together and I was surely surprised about how packed it was! Coming back to try those omlettes for sure :)
5	It's got an anti-Las Vegas exterior in a strip center , but the food and service is great.Had the delicious breakfast scrambler along with their wonderful coffee.Very reasonable prices.
3	Everything here is pretty yummy. Omelette's are pricey but you can feed 2 3 people with one. Spuds are amzing and the banana bread is so.yummy!
5	The Omelette House has been my business breakfast location for the past 20+ years. The food is excellent, the service is great, and the atmosphere makes it "feel like home"!
