1	It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant so close to the residential areas in Chandler.  However, this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians.  I've been consistently disappointed and would rather drive to a "real" Chinese place a few miles away.
5	There are plenty of vegetable only dishes at Panda Express and this is no different than any other location. Check it out in 2010.Constistently fresh and flavorful.Also today 3-10-10 - free coupon for Honey Walnut Shrimphttp://www.pandaexpress.com/px/Facebook/HoneyWalnutShrimp_Wed031010.html
1	Its Panda Express, what did you expect. If the food is fresh then its good. I was not very impressed with this particular location as the service is not good and the food seems to always be old. Just go somewhere else unless you are desperate for chewy orange chicken.
3	I recently just went to Panda Express for the first time this past week. It was actually the first time i have ever had Chinese food. I figured it was about time to try this place everyone chats about. I called up a buddy of mine and he was delighted to go with me, he already loves this place. With his high and mighty talk about their delicious food, i got my hopes up!   When i entered the store it was nice, clean, and organized. The cook was quick to help figure out what i wanted to eat. They had various items to choose from all across the store. I finally settled with orange chicken and fried rice. I picked some simple things for my first try. Although i did try some sort of noodle and a different kind of chicken from my friend. It was surprisingly tasteful! The orange chicken had a sort of different taste that left my tummy fulfilled.    Before leaving i decided that Chinese food was not all that terrible as i pictured. The food was wonderful, although i felt the chicken was too spicy for my taste, i still enjoyed the experience. I would not say it is my preferred food place to go but at least i can now say I have tried it.
1	I was just at this location. I was totally ignored despite the fact there were the front workers in the lobby. One steam cleaning and the other two talking very loudly in Spanish. I waited a while at the counter while they talked at the table in the lobby, finally one came up and just stood there and said, "what can I get you?" while still talking with the other girl over me ordering my food. Very rudely served me... I got half scoops of everything (no meat in meat entrees!). She didn't talk to me at all and I felt very uncomfortable although I wanted to complain about the food she dropped into the Beijing beef tray because she wasn't watching what she was doing and scooped it into my tray anyway... I didn't because she was so aggressive and I wasn't in the mood to argue over my lunch.  When I only drove down the street to my office, the food was all rubbery because it had been sitting in that hot table sooo long and I got no meat in my beef and broccoli and two pieces in my kung pao. Just to top it off I was halfway back to work and realized I didn't get a drink so stopped to get one somewhere else (they normally ask) no big deal but still annoying. I will NEVER go back. Terrible service and horrible servers.
2	I love Panda Express and have always had great experiences at every other location. However this location is by far the worst I've ever been to. Many people I know feel the same. The restaurant is clean and the service is sufficient, but the food is very rarely fresh. Obviously you can ask them to make a fresh batch just for you, but this will require you to wait an extra ten minutes. At that point it may not be considered "fast food".
1	Absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night. I ended up with food poisoning and missed work and vacation. I will never return to this location again!
1	Unfortunately, this establishment is the worst Panda I have been to. They had only one server/cashier at 6pm for the dinner rush. On top of that, the guy barely spoke English and had several issues when ordering. :( sad.
2	Ordered a two-entry plate. One item was cold. They gave me a fresh one but tasted burned. And to top it off my fortune cookie had no fortune. :(
