5	Shane's mobile picked my car up from my office, left me loaner car in case of emergency, fixed my car quickly, accurately and for a very fair price.  Then they brought my car back to me in time for me to leave for the day.They were very transparent about what needed fixed (my car had a high pitch squealing noise when I started it and my A/C wasn't as cold as it should be), how much it would cost and how soon it could be done.  They even told me about other issues they found, told me how much they would cost, and told me the priority level of each one.  They didn't pressure me to fix any of the other problems that day.  And unlike other auto repair shops, they most expensive repair was not the most important to fix.  Imagine that...an honest auto repair shop!I have already referred two friends there and they were both thrilled with the service they received.I am definitely taking my car back to Shane's for any and all repairs
5	The people at Shane's are wonderful! The not only did a great job on my car but they even offered a car for me to use while mine was getting fixed. I would recommend Shane's to anyone!
5	One word. HONEST! They fixed my truck and did about 5 times the work of my old place for less money than one thing my old place quoted (repair brake system). I swear by these guys. I take all my vehicles there for everything. I'm thankful I've met some hardworking honest people. And they stand by their work. Period.
5	I used Shane's to help one of my employees that was having a consistent issue with his car.  Down time mean issues for our business and for our employee.  He had taken his Mazda to several "specialists" that charged him more than $1900.  They never fixed the problem... Their response, "We did everything the computer told us to!"We had Shane and his time take a look and he had it diagnosed within hours.  A day later it was fixed for less than 30% of what had already been paid to fix the car.  I have come to know Shane and his family and I will say that you will not find a more honest car repair company in the Valley.  When you work with Shane's, you truly become one of the family.  Thank you Shane!
5	Who likes taking a day off work to get your oil changed or get something on your car fixed?!  Shane and his staff are super friendly and they come pick your car up, take car of what needs to be done and then they return it by the time you need it to go home from work.  Shane is always up front and honest about the work needing to be done and has never been wrong or made me feel like I was being taken advantage of.  I have sent a few of my friends to him and will continue to do so :)
5	I wouldn't let anyone else touch my cars.  The excellent service started Bill Moore, he put at at ease and said nothing would be done until they contacted me first.  Bill call me when the figured out the problem.  They fixed it exactly as they said they would for a very reasonable price.
5	Ok so we have been taking our vehicles to a friend that is a mechanic and when using friends I have found that service is out the window. Let me tell you about Shanes auto. Bill Moore their service writer told me over and over how they do business. I must say I was a little apprehensive. We gave them a shot anyway due to the many good reviews. WOW!!!! Honest, professional, and customer service oriented. Have had multiple vehicles from personal to commercial handles by the team at Shanes auto. I will never use anyone else again. Thanks for bringing customer service back to life.
5	Bill, Shane and Cheryl are a great group of professionals. I can rely on them to take care of my cars when needed. Thanks Shane Mobile Auto Repair.
5	Thank you Shane for keeping my company vehicles on the road and in good working condition.  I highly recommend Shane's Mobile Repair for all your mechanical needs.
5	It's great to find an honest auto repair shop.  Shane's will fix your car at a decent price and no headaches.  I don't have to worry about them scamming me with unnecessary work.  Tremendous service and very knowledgeable.
5	Great service at a great price. My daughter's Jeep Wrangler has had a few minor problems and Shane and his team and diagnosed them and repaired them very quickly. We will definitely go back.
5	Outstanding service.  Have used this for my wife's and my standard maintenance on 2011 Honda;s.  HONEST and goes above and beyond.  Would trust them anytime.
5	Wow!  Talk about a rare find these days.  An auto repair shop that does not try to intimidate a women when she brings her vehicle in for repair.  One of  my vehicles did not pass an emissions test here in Mesa.  I had no idea what was wrong.  I needed to find an auto repair shop to bring the vehicle too and Shane's was recommended.  I brought the vehicle in and they fixed the problem with my vehicle and even brought it back to emissions testing for me and it passed?  The were extremely reasonable and very helpful,.  If you need any type of auto repair, an oil change or just a question answered, do yourself a favor and call.  You will not be disappointed.
5	If you have nightmare experiences in the past from dishonest mechanics, take heart if you live in the Valley of the Sun! And especially Mesa. I live in Illinois and my son lives in Phoenix. He needs my help in buying/maintaining his cars. And though I live 2000 miles away, when I discovered Shane's on a recent winter visit there I made a friend for life in auto repairs. Shane looked at my sons car, did a used car checkout, discovered needed repairs that totaled more than the car was worth, and advised me to not invest that much money into his car. Pretty remarkable, but I was yet to discover just how remarkable.Shane told me he was getting a used car owned by one of his customers that would be a perfect car for my son, and at less cost than repairs previously quoted. I had to leave the warmth of the Valley before the purchase and sale of this car could be arranged. Shane said no problem, and two weeks later called me in Illinois informing me the car was now ready to buy for my son. Shane made the sale to my son on the basis of my promise to pay him. My son is now driving a safe, dependable car, and I am indebted to Shane and his staff for that fact. His staff include wife Sheryl, and shop manager Bill who kept the transaction moving forward by his daily monitoring of this arrangement.Shane's is a class act in the business of auto repairs. Believe me, I know. You will be glad for the day that you saw this website and found Shane's!Duane McDonough, Cedarville, Illinois
5	Shane is the best! He worked really hard to get my check engine light  to go off. He gave me a very honest price. I've had bad experiences in the past with my car. I'm so glad I found someone who I can trust!
5	My vehicle is important to me as it is my office on wheels and Shane's takes great care of it and for that I am grateful. Shane has got me out of a few binds. Brakes, new engine, transmission, radiator, you name it and he has done it and a great job at that. Shane's knowledge is incredible and his way of explaining it to you he could teach preschool. Bill and Cheryl are always reliable and helpful when calling.
5	I can't say enough about Shane and this shop. He will make sure your car is fixed, and simply keep working until it is. His prices are fair and affordable.  He will fix whatever you need fixed whether its a big job or something simple.I take all of our cars there and wouldn't consider anywhere else.
5	Just trustworthy. Honest, great communication skills, and I feel safe. These guys take care of my four cars. Oil changes, check engine, anything regarding a car and I go to Shane's. Communicate your expectations and you will have a positive experience.
5	When my car started making a weird noise, my heart dropped to my shoes. I don't have the money for any unexpected expenses right now. After a moment of panic, I reminded myself that I have a reliable mechanic as honest as the day is long. I gave myself a pep talk. "No worries, LeeBird. Shane will take care of whatever it is, and he won't invent extra things to fix." Sure enough, I took my car to Shane's and got the problem taken care of lickety-split with zero stress and lots of compassion. So grateful for the integrity at Shane's.
5	We only found Shanes a little while ago but we could not be more impressed! Every dealing we have has with them has been optimal. They are honest and up front with all of the costs and repairs. Often they even are able to keep the repair below what they expect. It is so hard to find a reliable and honest mechanic - they are a complete gem!
5	So happy to have found Shane and Cheryl.  Wish they were closer to Ahwatukee, but definitely worth the drive.  In an industry where too many businesses are out to get your money it's refreshing to find a family operated enterprise whose first priority is taking care of the customer.
