4	I have found Ice Tango's competitor... I just happened across it a little while ago.  They are slightly different in that Ice Tango has more yogurt flavors than Fruttia... this place only offers 2 flavors their regular which would be equivalent to Twangy Tart and Green Tea.  I opted for the Green Tea with pineapple and kiwi on it.  It was pretty tasty, but not cheap... I got the small with 2 toppings and it was $5.40.  They also don't offer custard or crepes.  All in all I gave this place 4 stars because it hit the spot and I don't have to drive all the way to north Scottsdale to get it.
4	I stopped in today, Loving the cute decor and bright colors!!(see pics)Like Halley said they only have the two flavors, original (tart) and Green tea which is also tart, I didn't like the green tea though. Typical assortment of dried and fresh fruit toppings.They also offer smoothies and Bingsoo which is shaved ice with frozen yogurt on top.You can use Free Internet  when you buy a yogurt and we were  offered  complimentary toast as well .............Hmmm toast and fro yo  I'm not sure I'm on that train but who knows it might be a match made in heaven.I have to say I was a bit disappointed though, while the icy texture was there it really was not as tart as I would have liked it to be.3.5 stars
3	Eh the yogurt and toppings weren't anything special.  Maybe I went on an off day, but it wasn't really top-notch yogurt.  The only upside to this place is that it's closer to my house than making the journey out to Yogurberry.Offtopic: I totally lol'd at the picture they have of Shaq visiting the location.  He was rockin' some parachute pants in the picture, but I can't blame the guy.  I think that's one of the few things that'll fit him, pants-wise.UPDATE:  Yeah, they closed up shop for good.  Don't bother looking for this place anymore.
3	I'm a huge fan of frozen yogurt so was pretty excited to try Fruttia. The fresh fruit toppings that are offered aren't the usual type you'd see at a traditional yogurt joint; however, Fruittia is a little pricey. Toppings are 95 cents each and they aren't very generous with them. My BF ordered the green tea yogurt with blackberries and they gave him about 6 blackberries total. The frozen yogurt tastes like real yogurt so don't expect the familiar "TCBY" taste.
