5	This place has completely changed how I feel about working out and staying fit. I have played sports my entire life, and have exercised fairly regularly, but going to the gym has always been part of my routine rather than something I genuinely enjoyed. This all changed when I found Crossfit ARMS. I look forward to coming in and working out, and have more fun doing it than I ever have before.The owners, Ryan and Adam, and the rest of the coaches, are fantastic at not only providing get instruction, but in fostering the family environment that I feel sets Crossfit apart from the other popular workout routines. I have made more gym friends in the year+ I have been at ARMS than in all of my years going to traditional gyms.They offer a free week for new members to try it out before signing up (whereas most other CF gyms only offer one day), so you have nothing to lose by coming in and seeing what all the fuss is about. Believe me, you won't regret it!
5	Tired of the treadmill? The elliptical not giving you the results you want? Wanna break up with your gym? Try CrossFit! If you're looking for a new and exciting way to get fit and strong, then check out CrossFit ARMS in Surprise. You've heard of it but you're scared to try it? Don't be. Their free Saturday morning class is fun and well worth your time. Too busy? Can't find the time? Nonsense. They offer several morning and afternoon classes to fit almost every schedule. Their rates are very reasonable and the coaches are friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive to your needs. Don't think you're tough enough for CrossFit? Don't worry if you can't Rx the WOD. The coaches will suggest ways to modify for your specific fitness level.What they say about CrossFit being a community really is true. It's like having healthy family members that you actually like and want to be around. The folks at CrossFit ARMS are always welcoming and encouraging. After just six months, I'm feeling fitter and stronger and I'm able to do things I never thought possible. Even though the workouts are kick-you-in-the-ass tough, I always look forward to going and I always leave feeling invigorated, rejuvenated, and extremely glad I went. And totally drenched in sweat.
5	Awesome box!  Great instruction with great atmosphere.  You won't regret going to this crossfit gym.
