4	Festive little tex-mex place near Concordia University. I've heard that it isn't the cleanest of places but I've never had a bad experience there personally. The prices are good & so are the margaritas.It's a bit off the beaten path for most tourists who stay in the centreville section, or old Montreal. It's very close to the Guy-Concordia stop.
1	So authentically inauthentic that you'd almost think it's real. 3 Amigos is fake Mexican that puts the Tex back into Tex-Mex. Strictly for people who when they hear the word Mexican, the first thing that crosses their minds is "tequila shots". Going there is the equivalent of a spring break trip to Cancun without leaving Montreal. The decor is unappealing in its forced festive atmosphere that strains to shove the words "let's party" down your throat.  But despite appearances, it's not even welcoming: the service is inattentive, if not altogether absent. What can I say? The loud and obnoxious crowds of people who go there seem to dig it. To each their own.But, on a more serious note, 3 Amigos deserves a boycott for running the most offensively stupid television commercials featuring the worst Mexican caricature I've seen this side of Speedy Gonzalez. But that just goes to show how deliberately inauthentic the food is - the three Amigos are not, as in the film of the same name, Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Chevy Chase; they are three fat, short dark men with big bushy mustaches and even bigger sombreros.
3	Fun place!  Is the food great?  No, but it's decent enough.  Nothing was wrong with my chips & salsa, and quesadilla.  I thought the margaritas were really good though - go with the mango-strawberry.  Fun, lively athmosphere, and no, you don't stay here the whole night, but you might start here.
2	I went there last year; my sis wanted to go to a mexican restaurant where she'd been and liked. So, when it comes to food, i'm always open. I'm not a fan of Mexican music and frankly, working in a musicstore for quite some time with some World Music fan in the place definietly helped my hate that darn music. Good enough we were on a corner with no light from outside and luckly no loud music. As soon as i sat and look at this old plastified menu i was aware it wasn't fine cuisine from Mexico. Oh well, I got a kind of menu with some salad in those fried corn flour bowl (that tasted aweful). The Salad was ok but you know, not incredible either. It's a fun place but a makeover wouldn't hurt. Not my kind of place.
1	This is the type of place you go to when you want tex-mex but with 10 times the queso and all of the makings of a tacky mexican commericial.  I was surprised the waiters weren't wearing sombreros.I am not sure what makes this place Mexican, but I have to say that the margaritas are hilarious, 24 oz of sugar can't be authentic to any culture.However, if you are looking for some cheese melted with cream and some salsa with chips, this is the place.
4	I like to go on a Wednesday for the special fajita's.  It cost like 8bux and its sooo good.  I like both the steak and chicken.  The restaurant is pretty big in there and good for groups.  They are always busy.  The strawberry daquiri is pretty good too.
2	I understand why you might be lured in. The food is cheap, they have those huge margaritas, and birthday-ers come out wearing a ridiculous sombrero. But the truth is, it's not worth it. If you have a group going, you won't be able to make a reservation unless you're 20 people. You also won't be able to hear each other or even yourself. This place is incredibly noisy, since it packs in a lot of people who are trying to talk over the unnecessarily loud music. The best part of the meal is the chips and salsa you get for free as an appetizer. That salsa is like crack! After that, you get a very meh main course (though I do enjoy their salads, which are a good size and come in a tortilla bowl). Might as well get one of their big drinks to make it worthwhile. I'd say if you're around here at lunchtime with a few friends, at least you'll get a cheap meal and it won't be as noisy. Otherwise, skip it.
1	It was a beautiful day (I don't remember which day, sorry, but I know it was during the week. They all run together now.) so I went to have lunch on a terrace at 3 Amigos. The place looks like a cheesy chain but it's really big and at night it's usually pretty packed so I had high hopes. Of course, I wanted the Margarita Deluxe, and the menu said you can get a double for an extra $2. However, because it was Deluxe, I paid an extra $4 for the extra shooter. Whatever, that's not too bad.So the waiter brings me my margarita filled to the brim, already spilling over as he's carrying it. He has the extra shooter with him and when he sets the drink down, he pours the shooter on top and it becomes a tequila waterfall running down on the table. What a waste of $4! Not to mention, the drink tasted pretty watery. Margarita FAIL.I ordered the chicken enchiladas and those were pretty disappointing too. I'm a huge fan of mixing dark meat in with the white, but it seemed like this was basically all dark meat, and the texture was pretty rough, almost grisly. There wasn't enough sauce (for me, the enchiladas should be almost covered, if not completely) and it tasted like bitter tomato paste. They really scrimped on the cheese (but hey, cheese is ridiculously expensive in Canada). The rice was pretty good but they should just leave out the salad all together. It was just a handful of lettuce with 3 large carrot sticks. Next post will compare the enchiladas and margaritas at 4 restaurants across Montreal :)
3	So...it's obviously not authentic mexican. The inside of the restaurant may as well be a nightclub, for the dark, crowded, music-blaring atmosphere it has. But if you can grab dinner (preferrably by the window or outdoors), here's the deal:Good nachos - borderline great, even. Great margaritas. Smart staff.And that's the whole of it. I didn't like the rest of the food; the quesadilla's were a mess. It's Tex-mex through and through. But really, if you can do Nachos and drinks right, it's worth a shot. Just expect more of a Sports Bar and less of a restaurant.
2	Not so great, more of your average tex-mex place.  Good for a corona and nachos though, and good for families as well!  If you want an authentic Mexican restaurant, this isn't the one.
3	Every Wednesday got special price for fajita, love it
3	I've only been to 3 Amigos once... I got a Taco Platter. It's pretty standard for a no frills Mexican restaurant. Nothing to write home about, but good enough that I'd return if I'm in the mood for tacos when I'm up in Montreal again. The service was quick and friendly, they had chips with (the staple of any respectable Mexican restaurant) home made salsa, and the prices were very inexpensive. Good for mid-drinking-day food fill up...
1	Was in town for a conference, wandering through the neighborhood, and decided to stop in for dinner. What a mistake. This was a terrible dining experience. Everything was a hassle. I don't eat meat, and wanted to get avocado on my salad, which I was told was not possible. My friend is allergic to dairy and asked several times whether her food would have cheese. After she was told no dairy would be in her food, she started to eat and the waitress came running back, saying there was cheese in the main dish.  The waitress then took the plate back to managers sitting at a back table, who proceeded to poke through the food, ostensibly looking for cheese (???). The waitress then returned with the plate (gross!), telling my friend that everything, from the rice, to the beans, to the salad, had dairy in it, shrugging her shoulders in despair. My friend did not eat. And she was hungry.  The margaritas were definitely sub par. Watery, and too sweet, I did not finish mine. I've never given a restaurant one star, but if I could give less, I would. Montreal is a fabulous place to eat, why waste it on terrible food and rude service?
1	Seriously, Mexican, that wasn't near even to be real foodIf there was 1/4 star then it would be even to much for this place.I stayed in Montreal for 3 days only, hoping I can find a competitor to the great authentic food that we have in Boston.And this place has ruined it.1st of all the place design from inside was horrible. Usually in a Mexican place u would love to have a good view from inside to the whole restaurant and the bar area, to feel the vibes of the Mexican music. The seating area near the windows is horrible with very narrow weird design. Anyways let's get to the food (or what was supposed to be food), I think everybody would agree that the front face of any Mexican restaurant is its chips and salsa. OK good, I had a chips which was completely fake, and picked out from a grocery store, the salsa was a complete disaster, it wasn't spicy to the right level and it has APPLES AND CARROTS IN IT. And when I asked the waiter, is that apples inside the salsa? He replied : yes. I told him: why do u put apples inside a salsa ? He said : it's the chief's recipe. I'm sure that there wasn't even a clown cooking in that place. Anyways let's go to the menu,Very torturing long menu which left me more confused than the taste of an apple and carrots with tomato and chili. So I figured out I should keep it simple and try their fajitas. And it probably was the biggest mistake of my life. Meet was burned, vegis were carbonized, and again there is a weird ingredient on the hot plate (TOMATO). I don't know of any place in the world that put tomato in a near 100 degrees Celsius plate. Because the tomatoes contain a lot of water it simple burned my tongue.Complete disaster and never ever get into this place if you know what food means.
3	This place is really getting a bad rap on here..This establishment is really a cool spot in my book...I love coming here...I've never had a probem at all...I prefer this locale at Sainte Catherine.The margaritas are nice....The sangria lacks that wine punch to it, but its still decent...Some nachos, some salsa....A great people-watch spot if you sit by the window....A lot of the Canadian locals come here on their lunch break..Its clean, affordable and a nice atmosphere....A lot of people are complaining that this is not authentic Mexican food.ARE YOU SERIOUS?This place was never intended to be a 5-star restaurant with a famous chef in the kitchen...Its a cafe with good finger food, espc if you're on the run with plans for the day.3.5 stars in my book....ignore the negative comments
1	Not sure why this place is popular amongst some people. The food is average but why I give it one star is for the horrible service given there. I've been here quite a number of times and I remember spilling a drink and one of the waiters threw me a napkin and told me to clean it up. Um, how rude? First of all, I'm not diva but i am a customer and you should be the one cleaning up the mess.  Also, the waiters, yes mostly wait men, were incredibly unhappy and unpleasant. They don't seem to want to work there and are not attentive at all. Never been back since and it's been more then 3 years.
3	I'm always down for a bite to eat (or a lime margarita!) at 3 Amigos!!!If you're looking for the best Tex-Mex/Mexican food on the planet, it's not going to be here, but I enjoy their food enough to keep going back.I generally have the standard fare (fajitas, tacos, mex-burger, nachos, etc) and find that it is fairly priced for the most part, and the atmosphere is cool and laid-back. It's an enjoyable place to have dinner, take advantage of weekly specials when you can.Service is a hit or miss kinda deal, but the atmosphere makes you not care so much.
3	Touristy relic from the 80s that serves decent flavorful Mexican type foods and on the really cheap for lunches. The place needs to be madeover, the menu as well. But hey, its a good spot when you're jonesing for a tasty Burrito.
3	With 3 Amigos I dont know what to say. Needless to say this place is very popular and I have come to this place countless times because everyone in my friends circle will either host their birthdays/ bachelorettes/ ( ..) night out or whatever the event be. *sighh* I used to hate this place before, because the food never impressed me and the drinks just tasted average and only bigger then what you get at some bars. However after coming here everytime I am kind of getting used to this place now. I like their nacho compliments with salsa and most of their food their food never gave me any upset stomach. The staff and service is commendable and the decor is a fab. Plus they always give the hats for birthday folks. So yes its a big hit on group activities as everyone gets served happy with big portions for the meal deals within budget. Hurray :)
3	If you want traditional Mexican food, this is not the place to go! It's an Americanized, over-hyped, tourist trap. It's conveniently located, decently priced, and spacious, so I guess it keeps people coming for average food. That's all it is, average. Your safest bet is probably their Fajitas.What I DO really like are their Margaritas, nothing quenches your thirst on a hot summer day any better! Lime being my favourite, with an extra shot of tequila. Some nachos with their spicy salsa too. Yum.
2	I don't really want to waste my time writing a review for this place, given lots of people have already voiced their opinions. I just want to address couple of points:1. Please wash your salad before serving it to me.2. Anything that have chicken in it is completely dry, tasteless, and disgusting.3. Tortillas are actually pretty good.4. Cocktails taste like some 4th grader's chemistry project, absolutely horrible.That being said, there are many other Mexican restaurants in Montreal one can try.
4	I go there often and had some great times there. Food is good, music is great, staff are nice! Fun when its your birthday and they give you cake and a sombrero hat
1	The WORST slush margarita we ever tasted! A chemical green color and a bad taste that remained long after that first sip. We learned they used artificial lime in it. How can anyone sabotage a margarita with artificial lime? Good service, it is a pity the quality was not there.
4	I don't know why there is so much hate on 3 Amigos. The atmosphere is a lot of fun, especially on cold winter nights! I've been here with both with my 20-something friends where we get fun drinks and sit at the windows, and with my family for a quick Wednesday night $7 fajita special. Can honestly say I've tried almost everything here, and the mex burger and linguini avocado verde are awesome! You get free cake and a sombrero on your birthday!
2	PROS:  It can be cheap; taco platter for $8, burrito platter for $9.  Plenty of vegetarian selection.  Food is reasonably edible.CONS:  Average americo-mexican food, a horrible beer selection (especially considering what Montreal has to offer), and staff who can't even act like they care.  Don't bother asking for even the simplest substitution.
2	I've been to this restaurant over the years.  Back in the days, it was rated as the best mexican (tex-mex) restaurant in all of montreal.Today - I dont know what happened, but it was no where close to what it was like years ago.  The menu might be the same, but the food was just wrong.Ordered:1. Cactus App - Was soggy, and out of a can..  I didnt even know that Cactus came in a can!!.  I've had it before at other restaurants, fresh, but why???  Why do you have to make it taste like the brine in a can?2. Pasta with Avacado - Soggy pasta, lots of water on the plate, not tasty sauce, and the only good fresh thing in the meal was the actual avocado.I do hope and pray that you guys really change your menu, reduce the number of items, and specialize in a smaller number of dishes.. So that your food tastes a lot better in the future.
4	A lot of the reviews on here are outdated. I don't find this place gross or dirty like others may have mentioned.This is a definitely a fun place, always popular for groups and parties. I've been at least a dozen times or more for their 69cent sunday taco specials which do not disappoint. The service was always fast, they always draw in a big crowd so the tables turnover quickly.Certain things are really worth it, because it's rare to eat a full meal in a sit down restaurant for less than ten dollars. I've tried their beef, chicken and chili tacos which are always flavorful albeit the beef is greasy. I ask for a small side of refried beans which actually comes free of charge. Ordering a full plate of it is less than 2 $ anyways.With that, I get a side of their fried rice which is also less than 2$ and there's enough of it to share.For cheap eats, this is the place. They have such an expansive menu, I can't comment on it all. I've tried their quesadillas, fajitas, enchiladas which were all good.  However, one not so good aspect is their melted cheese which can taste a little plasticy the way they reheat it.As for drinks, I'm personally not a big fan of their margaritas, they're watered down, lots of slushy ice and very sweet artificial flavors.I would recommend this place for a casual and inexpensive dinner or lunch. There's plenty of choices that can accommodate to all budgets and taste. I've always had a good time. Don't expect high class or authentic mexican cuisine and you'll enjoy it.
4	I agree with Katya P. I don't know why everyone is hating. I wouldn't expect the worlds best Mexican food in French Canada so drop that idea. They have good specials and the normal prices aren't bad. Lots of vegetarian options or as with any Mexican place you can usually just replace meat with beans. Try it for yourself.
2	the food was better than i though and it was cheap. come here of you are not picky, if you know real mexican food you are going to be dissapointed but for the price what the heck
1	This place used to be so much better a few years ago. After yesterday's dinner my group of friends was so disappointed. The service was horrible, we had to ask 3 times for water, there was a mistake in our bill and management did not care at all to make us the clients happy his solution was just don't tip the waiter..The food was dry and didn't seem fresh. You do have to pay extra if you want sour cream for your tacos?!? Please avoid this place.
4	We had the special Fajitas Wednesday, I had the beef, although it ended up a bit dry sitting on the hotplate for too long, overall it tasted quite good!It had beans, guacamole, salsa, and sourcream on the side.And the meat of your choice/vegetarian with grilled vegetables and cheese on a bowl-shaped tortilla, of course with the soft tortillas too.Place was packed and buzzing!
1	This place is effing N-A-S-T-Y! Disgusting. Even the jumbo drinks were nasty. The tacos had a POOL of oil at the bottom of the tray (I even took and posted a picture as proof) not to mention that the taco shell was stale and tasteless. I ordered a strawberry-mango margarita and it was just as disgusting. There was a pool of syrup at the bottom of my glass that would just NOT mix in with the rest of my drink and it also came with a heaping mountain of whipped cream. Eh what does whipped cream have to do with Tequila? All in all, disgusting. I will never set foot in there again.
3	I was fairly shocked seeing this rating! I went last Thursday for dinner around 8pm while on a business trip and it was packed! My co-worker was on a mission to take me here and I understand why. It is a very American/student friendly type place with regular specials.The portions themselves are gigantic. I'm a fairly big eater and could only finish half my plate.The salsa was the best part of the dinner! It tasted great with chunks of tomato and cilantro. It definitely had some kick to it!Now my main point of contention that made my review a 3 not 4 are the drinks and service. My Co-worker ordered a strawberry margarita which was actually a lime margarita with strawberry syrup coating the bottom. Even after she mixed it together it still tasted like margarita. I ordered the lychee sangria which was fantastic and actually came with two fresh lychees. It tasted great and I've never seen it offered anywhere before! My main issue was 1. Ice- the mason jar I had was filled with Ice to the top. 2. the price- I read on the menu that a glass of sangria was in the 6$ range and when I got my bill it said 12$ which was shocking. When taking it up with my waitress she merely shrugged at me. Which brings me to my next point- the terrible service. Its basically non existent and takes a while to track anyone down to take your order.All in all I'd return for the food but be more weary of the drinks.
1	-Worst service. -Never got my water after asking twice. -Never got utensils. -Waitress Maely is TERRIBLE. -taco shells were state. -1/4 cup of oil at the bottom of plate, for 3 tacos!Don't go! They deserve to close.
1	Dear Public,This is BY FAR the worst place on Earth. There was the most disgusting service... I was appalled. After taking 20 minutes to order drinks, it took the serving staff an extra 40 to bring them out. Wait, there is more. After another 15 or so minutes, the ground was covered in shattered glass and we finally got to order our food. It was Sunday night, so of course we had the 69 cent tacos. Fast forward almost an hour later, some of us received the wrong taco in an assortment of different baskets. Many of us didn't even acquire our correct meals. Altogether, we were trapped in this hell hole for like 4 hours, honest to God, this is because the incompetent waitress frigged up all 25 of our bills. I only ate 5 measly tacos and 1 fruity drink, yet I was stuck in this ugly, despicable, monstrosity of a restaurant for give or take a third of my day.Please, for the love of God, do not - DO NOT - eat at this dump.Signed,Your friendly, neighbourhood, purveyor of restaurant quality :-)
4	3 amigos is definitely my favourite mexican restaurant. The food is simply delicious ( the drinks are pretty good too!) and the price is fine.I didnt give 5 stars because the place is quite small and noisy. The service is okay.
4	It is a very nice and warm environmentThough you cannot expect a romantic ambianceNoisy and most of the time packed!The staff are friendlyThe fajita I chose with lamb was tasteful and more than enough for an average dinnerI expected chillier sauce of courseThe price is reasonable and you are not pushed to leave tips!
2	Very noisy and decor is too busy but their fajita isn't bad. I only went on Wednesday special but now I moved from downtown so fajita no more :(
2	Fun and fairly enxpensive place to meet-up with friends. Although dont expect great mexican food beyond the price you pay.
1	Whatever you do, don't go to this Mexican restaurant.I once went to this place and I will never go to it again. My friends and I once came here and ordered our meals but throughout the whole time, the waitress only came to our table just once. We were thirsty and wanted refills which practically never happened. On top of that, the waitress was not friendly at all and gave all of us the evil eye. After it was all said and done, the damn waitress had the nerve to ask for a 15 percent tip. Because of her bad service, I did not give a tip but she demanded it anyways. Claiming 15 percent tips are automatic in Quebec and then when I asked why waitresses only come to the table only once, she says in Quebec culture to do that. WTF....when I said I was against that, she asked what my nationality was and I refused to tell her and said it was none of her business!So not only was the waitress lousy but she was prejudice and a bitch!All my friends are not going there anymore. We refuse!
3	We decided to come to this place for a fun Friday night on our trip to Montreal. I thought the decor was good as it reflected their "fiesta" vibe. We started the night off by ordering drinks while enjoying the complimentary salsa and nachos. My friends ordered the strawberry daiquiris which I tried and was not too fond of. I order 1/2 litre of white wine sangria, there was not much fruit and lots of ice. It didn't taste bad but it wasn't great either. Looking around everyone seemed to have the same drink, if you could figure that out I'm sure it's a customer favourite for a reason... Literally 75% of people were sipping on one. Our food came out fast! I opted for the chicken enchilada which came with salad, refrained beans and Mexican rice. My enchilada was not bad, the salad came in a tortilla shell which was a nice touch, but all of our rice sides were extremely dry. My biggest disappointment of the night was the service. Our waiter seemed clueless and forgot about our table a few times. When I ordered I asked if I was able to get double the portion of salad instead of refried beans, he claimed he wasn't sure and would ask the other staff. Without consulting me again he brought my plate with one side of salad and no beans.. I asked him if I could have the other side and his response was "Oh now you want the beans?". Other then the service I would still recommend this place for a mediocre meal with a great atmosphere. Next time I'm in Montreal I will probably re visit just for drinks and the complimentary salsa!!
4	I had a great experience at 3 Amigos. I went on a Saturday evening around 6 pm and the place was busy but not yet full. The rush and door lineups came at around 7 pm. The atmosphere is super fun, lots of colors, hats, and decor hanging on the walls and ceiling, not in a tacky way but in a Let's ParTay!!! kinda way. Definitely a place to go with friends. They also have one fairly big screen tv at the back and it was playing football. The service was super fast. I ordered a beef taco and a mojito. The complimentary chips and salsa and water came first, immediately after I sat down and got the menu at the same time. I ordered a beef taco $7 which came with rice and a salad that came in a tortilla bowl. The presentation was lovely and my mojito arrived shortly after, also $7. Taste wise, the mojito was strong and delicious. The taco was good, I got full about halfway... must be because I had already ate half of the chips and salsa by then. The salad was light and refreshing. I really liked it. Overall, this place is a good choice for groups, very casual, chill and fun environment. Just as good for those looking for a good Mexican meal in the Concordia area. Not good for a romantic date, and not good for you to go out of your way to get here.
4	Quit complaining that it's a cheap restaurant, judge it for what it is. Sundays are my favourite with 69 cent tacos. The trick is to order the guacamole entree and tortillas with your tacos, spread some guac on the tortilla and wrap it around the taco. VOILA - deliciousness.Food:  7/10Service:  7/10Price:  8/10Atmosphere:  8/10
2	3 amigos is an okay joint. I personally go because it's right next to my office and it offers a very affordable (under $10 taxes inc.) lunch menu which is a great alternative to a fast food or sandwich place! On the other hand, it's not the fanciest nor the most authentic. It's definitely not the best restaurant in town but the quality is pretty good considering what you're paying, e.g. the chilli platter is $5.95 during lunch time. Not a place I would take my family to when they're in town but a good remedy when you forget to pack a lunch.
4	Odd to find a better Mexican restaurant in Canada than in the Northeast USA.  The waiter was very inattentive and was extremely slow on taking our orders.  The food was very good and tasted fresh. The drinks were VERY watered down, so I would suggest saving your money if you think you're going to get alcohol.
2	I wasn't too impressed by 3 Amigos - the servers were uninterested and lacked politeness and friendliness. The food was typical generic Mexican; my burrito was fine, but it lacked flavour and was quite bland.It's a pity my trip to Montreal ended with a meal here - there are much better places around.
4	The server was adorable and tried her best to give us a great experience. The food was good and I would definitely go there again next time I'm in Montreal. Even the Margarita we got was delicious. Not a huge fan of the salsa that came with the chips though.
3	They now have vegetarian fajitas, $10, not a bad price but you don't get much tofu at all and the ones at Jack Astor's are better in every way.Over all they're not bad, but I don't think I'd order them again.
2	Great little place to get some good food but don't expect to leave anytime soon since the service is really slow. the wifi is meh do to the amount of people there but all in all OK
3	It isn't my first time coming to this restaurant. We absolutely love the food, especially the fried calamari, the best I've ever had.The reason why I am giving it only 3 stars, is because of the service with the noticeable new staff. We enjoyed the previous same waiters we would usually get. Today, we noticed all the waiters were new, and we always go there during the week at lunch time. Our waiter wasn't so great. It took him so much time to  bring us water and give the complimentary chips, salsa and soups. Also, when we were done eating, we were waiting almost 15 minutes for him to take our plates off and give us the bill, and he kept passing around our table at least 10 times, like he sees nothing. We will surely come back, for the food, but without expecting a minimum of good service.
4	Been there many time and been a great experience every time. Last year I even celebrated my birthday there and I also got a sombrero that I got to take home.The service is always fast even if they are super busy all the time and they are friendly. The DJ make the experience even better and they always play good music.The food is great and my all time favorite is the salmon with the mango salsa it is to die for.The Sunday specials are very good and I love the fact that you can buy the salsa they have on site.Drinks are ok but a few times I went there and they tasted a little like plastic nit sure why but I advise them and they made me another one right away.Another downfall is that the bathroom is in the basement so if you're on the 2nd floor and u had a few drinks make sure to hang on to the railing.All around food and service is awesome and I am super excited about the new one opening in Laval soon
5	For muslims I recommend:Veggie burito, vegie tacos, and shrimp fajitaDrinks for muslims:Virgin lime margarita (for two is good), virgin pinacoladaThey have special fajita wednesdays, and sunday tacos( you can order coke as drink for sunday tacos because they asks you to order it)They are also very friendly for groups. We were 18 and stayed for long on Sunday. they were closing at 11 and they did not even bothered us and we had really good time.
4	Great Mexican food. One of the best I've had in Canada.  The service is also great and a lot of menu choices. I've been to this a couple of times and it was good every time.  The chimichangas and burritos are the best.  The dish with the tortilla shell was very delicious. Their spicy sauce is worth a try.
5	I'm giving 3 Amigos a 5 start rating just to annoy my sister... That being said I would give them a 5 star for free sombrero giveaways and daiquiris.
2	3 Amigos is one of those places you go to when you don't really have time to cook, don't care for anything fancy, and just want something quick. It's just OK...Food is hit and miss - the safest thing to order are the fajitas..I also like the creamy enchiladas. Mexican rice is good. Drinks are pretty good. All other plates I've tried have been pretty mediocre to downright terrible.Ambience is nice though, and it's a decent place to come to for some fun drinks. Service is usually very fast and prices are ok!
2	Service was not good. Food average. Margaritas nothing special. Ew.
1	If you are in the mood for some REALLY bad Mexican food you may have found your place! Wow- what a horrible way to spend 80 bucks on dinner. I don't think anyone finished more than a quarter of their meal. Pretty sure that they used old el paso taco seasoning and taco shells like you buy at the grocery store. I have honestly never had worse tex mex food ever.  It seems the place has seen much better days in the past as the decor was pretty tired and it seemed depressing to be in there.
1	I can not believe the amount of people that were there for lunch.The sauce at the beginning was sweet instead of spicy like tomatoe sauce with mango or something, probably bell pepers instead of chilly. Had no idea the watered down beans at the beginnig was the soup. I ordered the carbon tacos with beef, the beans were ok the meat in the tacos was for sure cheap tough beef hammered until it seemed prechewed so it would be tender, the tacos has a tiny slice of avocado and i was not going to add the sweat salsa to them I ate them anyway. My boyfriend ordered a burrito chilli it was super greasy the rice was decent though I kept eating it.Service was bad and took forever BTW.
3	Margarita and chips is good,but food is just so so, I maybe back to try margarita. Goooooodddddddd
2	the place is always packed. packed with college students that is. why? budget! you want something that is filling and ok-ish (at best) while enjoying some booze and still being affordable. that's what 3 amigos is, food for poor drunks!that's perfectly ok. i personally don't like it but 10 years ago, i would say otherwise because montreal culinary scene isn't what it is today and price wise, one couldn't afford the fancy dining
3	I liked the little bowl of soup and salsa with nachos that were brought as complimentary appetizers.  I had fajitas with beef - the beef was hard to chew. The service was a bit slow and the host wasn't friendly.
2	Friends and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. Pretty packed but the line moved fairly quick, so it wasn't so bad. I can tell the place is catered to families as it brings out a pretty festive mood. However the lighting was quite dim so I really couldn't read the menu ; rather, my friend told me what she liked here and I ordered from her suggestion. My partner and I split a beef and shrimp fajita . I really like how they give you nachos, kind of fills you up a little. Portions were decent, but food was a bit average. For the fajita, I liked how they gave you the food in a customizable way (assemble your own type of thing). I also tried my friends dishes and drink as well: quesadilla, chicken fajita and the bull dog margarita. I didn't like any of those three. We were waiting for water for quite some time as well. It was only when we were about to leave that they gave us more water. Overall, I think I would come back if we had large group with last minute dinner plans.
