5	Have you ever found a mechanic who you can trust?  Yes, it's hard and they don't exist at dealerships.  Randy and his boys are amazing.  We will only take our vehicles to them.  They are honest and reasonable.  If something isn't right, they will figure it out.  They are hard workers and we love them :)We've recommended them to several friends who are also happy with their services.Thanks Johnson Automotive!
5	I took my Jeep to this shop and within a few minutes they found the problem. What other shops could not find, Johnson Automotive found it. You see my vehicle shakes when going 45-50 mph. Pep boys and two other places could not figure out the problem. Johnson Automotive said it was the tire. Though the tire looked good but was bad for our Jeep. So we changed out the tire and Walla problem solved. No more shaking. Thank you Johnson Automotive.
5	I took my Jeep to this shop and within a few minutes they found the problem. What other shops could not find Johnson Automotive found it. You see my vehicle shakes when going 45-50 mph. Pep boys and two other places could figure out the problem. Johnson Automotive said it was the tire. Though the tire looked good but was bad for our Jeep. So we changed out the tire and Walla problem solved. No more shaking. Thank you Johnson Automotive.
5	I took my 2002 Dodge Dakota here for a coolant flush. These guys do it right and at a great price! Great little family run shop thats been around for 20+ years. I'm happy to support places like these that do the job right, not some rip off chain that has no idea what they are doing. These guys are definitely my new family mechanic..... You won't be disappointed!
5	I brought my 2004 For Ranger to this shop after reading some reviews on Yelp. The 5 star rating holds true. I took my truck in for an oil change and a tire rotation, which cost $27. They also looked at my spark plugs, which I didn't have the funds to replace. But they took pictures of the spark plugs (because I dropped the truck off) and showed me why they need replaced. The shop is also family owned, with the mom running the front and the dad and son in back working on the vehicles.I will be going back.
5	I took my Subaru to Johnson Automotive because of their great reviews here on Yelp. I was desperate to figure out what was making my car randomly shut down in the middle of traffic, and at this point I refused to use my ac and I was afraid to even drive for fear that it would happen again. They were all very nice and did their best to fix what they thought was the problem the cheapest way possible for me. I was very grateful.    On top of that, I'm a teacher and all my friends--I mean ALL--were out of town for the summer,  so I had no ride home from and back to the shop after dropping off my car. When I was about to call a cab, they said don't be silly we'll drive you back and bring your car to you when it's done. I was blown away by this family's generosity and commitment to help their customers, not just make money. My car seems to be doing great, and I definitely recommend Johnson Automotive to anyone! :)
