5	So today, I took my final 1st step towards taking off the last 15 pounds of 'baby weight'.  Yay me!  I figured it's about time since I've been promising myself that I'd get started on something for a while now.  My son is 2 now and for the first year of his amazing life, the extra weight didn't bother me.  After we stopped nursing, however, I started thinking it was time to slim down.  I'd love to get down to prepregnancy weight but it seems harder to take off now that I don't have youth or free time on my side.  That's where the MedShape crew are are going to help.Today's visit was awesome.  The staff, Brittany specifically, was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Most of them are success stories, too, so they really identify with your health/weight loss goals.  They set me up with easy-to-understand nutritional guidelines and explained how everything works.  I'm super excited.  This is a medically supervised weight loss clinic so I feel more at ease.  I've never tried the herbal or over the counter stuff because... I don't trust them.  With MedShape, though, I selected an 8 week program with tons of clinic staff support... because I'm sure I'll need nudges and hellos from supportive people.  They take walk-ins but I bet an appointment is better.  Men and women were in the waiting room!I'll check back in a few weeks to update my progress.  Woot!  And I might start a blog about it. See ya there!
5	A west valley friend recommended Medshape weight loss clinic to me and though I was skeptical, I found a clinic in Mesa (much closer to my house than her Peoria location) it's been going well so far.  I didn't know what to expect but the girls that work there were really professional and I could tell they want to help.  The program is hard but definitely do-able, if you are committed to making some changes in your life.   This is a doctor supervised program (which I appreciate because I have some health problems and want to make sure there isn't going to be problems).  Their products and protein shakes are really good.  I drink at least 1 protein shake a day, usually chocolate or cinnabun.  They have a couple of Medshape protein bars that helped me through the initial transition because they taste almost like candy bars.  I try to stay away from them now though because they're kinda high in carbs.  I've told my friends about Medshape and now 2 more are joining.  That's awesome because now I'll have more support, the office staff and my friends.
2	I used Medshape a few years ago. I did well with the weight loss, but it cost so much that I could not continue...and I gained back the weight. Fast forward to now. I forgot the time and money spent at Medshape, but recently I saw a Groupon for $29. Cool, I thought, until I walked in and it looked like what I'd seen before. Well, I'd paid for it so I'll finish the 4 weeks.Today I had a noon appointment. When I showed up, they had probably 10 people waiting. They said it would be quite a wait, which is annoying and really throws off my schedule. They're overbooking appointments and then patients have to wait. I do not recall that issue from my first try with MedShape.After talking with a very helpful gal in today's appointment, I do wish I would have called them a few years ago when my budget for weight loss was expiring. The HGC worked well for me, but I never made it to the maintenance plan. Gaining the weight back was my fault entirely. So many people try the HGC and fail, I just figured I could be different. I was not.The 2 star rating today is mainly because of the enormous wait and since I didn't see any other reviews, I thought I should tell people about the experience today. The staff is friendly and they try to be helpful. They just need to do a better job scheduling appointments to avoid such a backup. Otherwise, why bother to schedule appointments at all.
2	I've been a client of this particular Medshape clinic for 3 years now. It was better run in the beginning. Now they don't seem to care about their faithful clients and pay more attention to the groupon people that come in for the $29 special. I have spent several thousand dollars here. I make appointments every week to come in the following week....but why bother. I was overlooked for a lady that walked in 15 minutes after I did today and she had a groupon coupon, no appointment. Over the past three months, this has happened to me (and I'm sure other clients) at least 5 times! And a few of those 5 times, I waited over 30-45 minutes as they not only overbooked for my time slot but they were taking the groupon clients first, who had no appointment. I am a very easygoing customer and I've been extremely tolerant and patient but not anymore. Since I have been going to this place, they have gone through countless front desk people and it seems that every fifth visit, I end up with a totally new person giving me my weekly shot. I only recognize two people working here now and those two people are fairly new as well. The turnover is absolutely amazing! I spoke to one of the employees today and she was told by management to forego clients who had appointments, us regulars, to take the groupon people first. She wasn't happy about this and she took two of us regular clients back to back today. I run a very successful business and it's because of great word of mouth and RETENTION. It's us customers who keep your doors open and you all making money....not the groupon people. They go from place to place, using the coupons. A lot of the times they run out of product and we as clients have to forego getting what we need on a consistent basis.  The only thing this place has going for it is their doctor-Dr. Sheehan. He is the one that shows more care for you as a client and as a person than anyone. I informed them today that I have finally reached my boiling point and that I would be contacting management about the issues. Once my shot package runs out in 4 weeks, I am done with this place. It's a real shame too because they do have something going for them in the way of helping people lose weight and get healthier. Sad when management totally mismanages an otherwise good business.
1	So, I finally decided to try out a clinic to help me lose weight.  I did my research and decided on Medshape.  Called and scheduled a 9am appointment...first one of the day.  I get there and sign in -even though there is no one at the desk- and have a seat in their cramped waiting room.  5, 10, 15 minutes later someone pops there head in and asks if I am here.  Ummm...I did sign in.  She says she will be right back with paperwork. Five minutes later she says to come with me and closes me in a freezing office to fill out paperwork.  I finish it in 2 minutes and open the door as directed.  And I wait, and wait, and wait.  I'd finally had enough and get up to ask someone what the heck is going on.  But guess what...no staff in sight.  I walk to the front, and again there is nobody at the reception desk.  So I walk out...at 10am.  So, I was there for an hour and saw nobody.  I haven't even received a call asking what happened or giving an excuse as to why they kept me waiting for an hour.  I guess they don't need business if this is how they treat new potential clients.
5	Great clinic! I am using the groupon and it's helped so much!  They have the best supliments and sell great meal bars, fruit drinks and cereals! The staff is so wonderful, friendly and knowledgable! Angel and Ashley have been the ones helping me and walking me through my weightless journey. They understand my struggle and always have great advice on how to make it easier and more rewarding. I recommend Med Shape to anyone who is considering it because you cant loose. Great food for sale, real results, and flawless staff members who know you by name! Couldn't ask for more!!!!!
5	They fixed their issues with wait times. I have had great success with MedShape over the months. They ended up helping me lose 55 pounds so far. Angela is awesome! I just wish she was at the Mesa office more often on Fridays. :-)
