3	I do like Treacle, and I was pretty excited when it opened up last year. Although I didn't mind the bar that existed in its place previously, I was definitely keen for some new faces on the East End scene, plus an excuse to get away from George Street for a while. Treacle gets good marks for being on Broughton Street, which in itself makes it cool, and it's packed with people most days, so the bar has a really good buzz about it. Free Wifi always bumps up my approval levels too. The fish cakes here are always a winner, and there are loads of cocktails on the menu, so you definitely won't be disappointed on that front. I also quite like the cool, random, cartoon-ish design on the wall on the restaurant side of the bar, and there's some good looking decor going on with the sofas, sheepskin and stone wall combo. I think it might just be personal bar taste, but more often than not, I prefer bars that you can lounge about in a bit more. If Treacle was slightly bigger, than I'm sure this would be possible, but I do feel a bit cramped in sometimes. Then again, it would be worse if the bar was always empty, then there would be too much space. They could maybe do with turning the lights down a bit too towards the evening, but that might also be the dark, seedy part of my personality talking. Overall, a nicely polished bar in a good location.
3	Despite being quite noticeable due to the monkey mural on the wall outside, Treacle isn't really all that great. The decor is very much the flatpack style bar type, and it's slightly cheap look is indicative of it's slightly cheap looklng customers who frequent the bar on weekends.George Street aside, Edinburgh is thankfully not plagued too badly by bars where the males wear more fake tan than the females, but there's just enough of a hint of this shallow, "funky" house loving subculture in here to make it a bit repellent.
5	Treacle is an excellent bar to go during the day for some food and a quick drink or as a starting point for a night out to grab some drinks or cocktails. Their cocktail menu is extensive and they have a great selection much more exciting than the boring old French Martinis and Cosmopolitans. I came in last week for a quick lemonade and parked myself on a pew and sifted through the free magazines and flyers that I'd picked up from the bar. Now, I am the clumsiest person on the planet and I before I'd even taken a sip, I stupidly knocked over my glass of lemonade, I don't know how I managed to do it but as I felt the cold ice cubes dripping onto my feet I felt like a right diddy. I stealthily sneaked over to the bar to grab some tissues to clean the table. At the same time one of the waitresses came over with blue roll to help me clean up, I felt so stupid but she was really nice and even brought me over a new glass of lemonade! I offered to pay for it but she said it was fine which I thought was really nice as there aren't many places who'd give you a replacement for being clumsy. A great place to sit, whatever time of the day with really friendly and helpful staff that make the atmosphere nice and chilled out.
3	A funky little bar that serves up the good, the bad and...well, ugly is just plain mean isn't it?I was taken here by a friend who's been many times before, claims the burgers are the best in Edinburgh, and it's a generally nice bar. The layout was nice and big inside, a good vibe, I can see why it's popular. = GOODThe service was incredibly slow. I hate to be the pushy, impatient customer and perhaps harbour too much of that British polite-ness but my patience was worn very thin. It wasn't busy, there were two barmaids on service. But as we were placed in a corner just out of their eye sight, they never looked round to see if we were ready to order drinks, food, or needed anything. There were times they were both standing, chatting and laughing, whilst our menus were shut and our order needing taken. I know waiting staff can change day on day, but for me this soured the whole experience. = BADThen, we ordered our starters and mains (two of the best burgers in Edinburgh please!) and only once our starter had come out did they tell us the burgers had run out. = BADThat had been the whole point of our visit, but as we'd already started our starter we couldn't get up and walk out. They'd trapped us.The starter itself was delicious. The anti-pasti platter had fresh meats, cheeses, breads, all actually very genuine considering it was a standard monoculture pub. Also a big portion, but pricey.As we had to reorder our mains, the waitress brought us menus again. And then again proceeded to ignore us for a good 10 minutes, even when our starter was finished, our menus shut, and she knew she'd already messed up the order once. And when I did finally get her attention and call her over her response was "oh right yeah forgot about that. oops!" = BAD, VERGING ON UGLYLuckily we had a Sunday afternoon to kill, and we're both fairly laid back people. Had the starter not been tasty, I would have been distinctly unimpressed with the place. Ok, burgers and other main dishes do sell out. But it was the way the whole ordeal was handled.I'm sure Treacle can give good customer service if other waitresses are on, and when the burgers aren't sold out I hope they are super tasty. It's got a nice atmosphere. But I wouldn't say it was reliably one of the better bars for lunch or drinks in this area.
4	I take back what I said, Treacle has gone up in my estimation. Taken here with the promise of "the best burgers in Edinburgh", my first visit was met with "we're sold out of burgers" and terrible, slow, rude service.However, I returned and, after asking "do you still have any burgers?" before I'd even been seated, I received a smile, a nod and "damn straight we do!" I settled in for Treacle Round 2. One beef burger later and I'm now on the Treacle bandwagon. (See photos, I've uploaded a vanity shot of that bad boy). The burgers are home-made, chunky and meaty goodness. There's handmade chips too. And the Jack Daniels BBQ relish comes in its own seperate JD bottle, for you to spread, dip and lick to your hearts content. Quite a quirky and unique take on the normal basted BBQ marinade. It definitely appealed to my love of all things kitsch, quirky and fun.Om nom nom factor = 8 / 10. They werent the BEST burgers I've ever tasted (that accolade still goes to the Left Bank in Glasgow). However, the relish inna bottle really made my day. The relish itself was probably better than the burger, as you can taste that Jack Daniels and it gave a kick! I asked - it's a secret recipe.The service this time was super friendly - I think she understood our need and love of the burger.As all other reviewers say, the bar itself is funky, fun and has a good vibe. There's plenty of seats both for eating and drinking, it's relatively central on the ever popular Broughton St. strip. It's great for either lunch-timing dining, or evening cocktails and beers before a night out.If it's your first time, I'd highly recommend the burger, if just for the JD sauce. Bourbon-BBQ-tastic.
3	Relaxing drinks after a night at the theatre... Awesome vibe... Bar staff are attentive but not terribly quick... Really enjoyable and friendly atmosphere...
5	Another update, after my second burger experience here. One word, three overly exagerrated syllables - AH-MAY-ZING!!I had the chicken burger this time, and was not disappointed. All you need to know is their burgers are handmade, the beef burger is huge and comes with secret jack daniels sauce, the chips are also handmade and delicious, the chicken burger is a whole chicken breast grilled to tender perfection. The ONLY flipside is it takes 1/2 hour for the burgers to arrive from ordering, as they are freshly made. So don't do what I did and show up starving, to the point of exhaustion, having eaten nothing all day after a run and with a cold.The service is also really friendly, it has a great buzz, the cocktails look good too. So far, the best burger I've had in Edinburgh. Me likey.
5	Well call me Sheila and throw another shrimp on that barbie. Ok, so there's no Australian connection to Treacle, but the King Prawn noodle box I had here today was by far the best noodles, and the best EVER king prawns, I've ever had. We're talking about all my culinary dining experiences internationally here, and I've done all the whole med-fish scene ample times.The prawns tasted like they were fresh off the barbie, really charred and flavoursome and juicy and mmm. Seriously, just...if you like prawns, go and order that dish. I want another one now, and I only had it 3 hours ago. As far as noodle dishes go it was better than any chinese takeaway I've had too. So, as far as my experience of Treacle goes, it's a pub and a gastro-pub, the food is exceptional. The menu doesn't give that away. It has the standard pies, burgers, salad, open sandwiches etc. and doesn't seem to hint that it'll be anything other than good pub food. But ohmylord. Everything I've had here has just been exceptionally well cooked. The chef deserves every single one of these 5 sexy stars.I can't recommend it highly enough for delicious pub grub. Read my other reviews of it previously for an idea of the place. I am now definitely one of its biggest fans.
4	I'm been trying to get The Man to accompany me to Treacle for months now.  Finally, on a hungover Sunday afternoon, he relented.  We weren't in the mood for a full meal, just a bit of something to snack on to appease our bellies until dinner.  The menu had some yum sounding sharing platters and appetisers so we headed in.  We were immediately greeted by a member of staff who escorted us to a table which we never would have seen otherwise.  The Man ordered some tasty mint, rosehips and apple tea (see above re: hangover) which he literally raved about through the entire meal.  He actually made me go with him to Real Foods afterwards to try to find the ingredients so he could recreate his tea joy.  I ordered a margarita which I unfortunately have to admit did not rock my world.  It had table salt instead of rock salt on the rim, tasted a bit watery and didn't have a great punch of flavour which I'm used to.  Our food, however, was delicious.  We shared the coconut chicken with ginger dipping sauce, and sweet potato, spinach and goats cheese pie with hand cut chips.  The coconut chicken was mega tasty but oh wow that pie was dreamy.  We were both incredibly impressed.  I'm not a huge goats cheese person but it was just enough to add a bit of depth and saltiness to contrast the sweet potato, without being overwhelming.  The chips too were seriously nice.  The Man happily patted himself on the back for choosing the pie, and pretended not to hear me when I reminded him that he hadn't wanted to give Treacle a chance and I'd had to drag him there.  Cheeky monkey.  The only issue was that The Man felt the food was a bit overpriced for what it was.  It was more in the realm of restaurant pricing than bar meal pricing.  I see the point there but think that the quality of the food was such that it's a great wee treat to have with cocktails.  I also felt a bit iffy about the service.  We had a bit of a mix-up when we first ordered and felt like we'd miffed the servers who never came to check if our food was ok and afterwards only made eye contact when we were paying the bill.  So it was a bit of a mixed experience - really quality food, less quality service, and mid-range drink.  I will definitely come back, though, and am looking forward to trying more of the food and cocktail menus.
4	Having a bit of a wander around Edinburgh and looking for something just a little lighter than standard fare for this city.  We tried this funky little place and really enjoyed our lunch.  Great service and a nice decor.  Try the spinach, goat cheese, and sweet potato pie.
5	Is this the most updated review on Yelp ever I wonder? This is my gazillionth review of Treacle but not just to reiterate the same old, same old.Same old being: it's a great bar, great location (I heart Broughton Street to the max), nice cocktails, good food, cool tunes. The only downside is service can sometimes be slow (and this is consistent.)But I'm willing to put up with slightly slow service for the food. And they've recently revamped the menu. Same favourites are on there, so the boy still gets his burger. But my new favourite is the duck salad with pineapple and pickled ginger. It does exactly what it says on the tin. It doesn't look overly fancy or is presented any differently than a bowl of salad leave (rocket etc.) with pinepaple and big chunks of ginger, and a whole shredded duck breast on top. Done. But oh my. The taste. The flavours. For gastro-pub (verging on trendy bar food) it's quite a creative menu with great great food. And the sweet potato chips were cooked to perfection.So that's my wee update. New menu, check it, and if in doubt I'd order the duck salad. Nommers.
4	Nettes cafe mit Sonnentank Station und moderaten PreisenZwei Longdrinks und ne ColaKnapp 8pfundHelloooo :)
5	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh. We were introduced to Treacle on our first night in town by some local Yelpers. The style of the place is anime meets modern romantic. It's a little over the top for me, but I can look past it because the drinks menu, oh the drinks menu, is WOW. During several trips to Treacle while we were in town, I tried the Pear and Violet Mule, The Silver Fern and the Elderflower Fix. They were all so delicious and the ingredients were so unique.We didn't try the food, but it looked and smelled YUM-O!
5	I'm not entirely sure what the official definition of brunch is. For me, it's breakfast with booze. And Treacle is the place to go. I'm a bit of a creature of habit, so when going for brunch I always get Eggs Benedict and a Bloody Mary (extra spicy). Fantastic the morning after the night before, and indeed at any other time. Both come out perfectly every time. Treacle succeeds at walking the fine line between cafe, bar and diner (it must be a three dimensional line), but I've no idea what it's like in the evenings as for me it's always been my brunch place. Really, Broughton St should be renamed Brunch St. What a great part of town. But I digress.I've been told that "any day you eat Eggs Benedict is a good day" and I have to agree. But even though I'm not much of a food snob, it's one of those dishes that is easy to screw up, and on first glance Treacle looks like more of a bar than a proper dining establishment. But fear not - it's top notch. I've also been for lunch more than once and tried both a beef and a chicken burger which were excellent, but 99% of the time I go for my usual combo. As some others have said, the service can be a little slow but they're always nice and friendly and it's a pleasant place in which to ease into the weekend, so I forgive them. That's big of me, don't you think?
4	Ok the fourth star is back.I keep giving Treacle another shot because I SO want to like it.  I think the food has some serious yum power and it's very conveniently located.  On this most recent trip (With Jason M and Gillian L), I was treated with friendly and attentive service, and a really yummy margarita.  It was a *really* yummy margarita.  So, good job Treacle.  Maybe you read your reviews and provided some customer service instruction to your staff, or maybe we just got lucky.  I'm really hoping for the former.
3	Treacle is a lively bar at the top of Broughton Street, serving a wide ranging menu of well-presented dishes. They've clearly put a good deal of thought into presenting their dishes in an eye-catching style, and that's very much to their credit. Sadly, the food I sampled tasted nowhere near as good as it looked, which was a shame.Overall, we said: "while I liked Treacle's schtick, I'm not sure that their food really delivered, flavour-wise. A few little tweaks (a little more filling, a little less bun, a little tangier cheese) and I dare say they could have things working much better, but for now I'd say go for drinks, bask in the happy vibe of the place, but think about popping elsewhere for food."
3	In the pantheon of Edin-burgher (see what I did there?) joints, Treacle stands somewhere mid-table for me. It was a pre-theatre bite and my first experience eating at the bar. The burgers had been recommended on several occasions by friends so I went for it. In hindsight, I saw LOADS more on the menu that interested me over the burger but went for it anyway. Get it out the system so to speak. And now I'm hankering for another go at that menu to see what I missed out on. As burgers go, I can immediately think of at least 4 bars I'd sooner go to to get my burger on.In its old incarnation as Baroque, Treacle was a previous after work local. They (used to) do some decent Friday happy hour deals, and their cocktails are awesome (try the Margherita... ridiculous!), but with happy hours being abolished in our fair capital, that asset has unfortunately flown from Treacle's portfolio.Located on Broughton Street, not too far from the likes of 12 Picardy Place, GHQ, the Basement, etc. it's a no-brainer that Treacle falls into the trendy and attractive area of the scale, but thankfully it's well enough away from George Street so as not to become completely rife with posers and ponces comparing their bright-whites like a bunch of girls dancing round a handbag (don't worry Amicus Apple... you're review is coming...!).When it was Baroque and an after work regularity, I was a massive fan. As Treacle, I'm not quite convinced as yet. It's an attractive bar with attractive staff, no qualms or complaints there. They do impressive cocktails and an interesting menu, both plusses. Is the music funky? Yes, but also too loud for this kind of venue. Are the drinks a little pricey? Yes, considering the likes of Lloyds and Walkabout (if you're not too fussy) are considerably cheaper and a stones throw away.So I'm on the fence. I don't throw out 3 star reviews very often largely because there's never usually enough to say about them... hence the 3 stars (vicious cycle much?!). But I suppose for a bar with a menu that includes Crispy Coconut Chicken or Griddled Pear Salad or Bounty Bar, Mascarpone & Lime Cheesecake, I WANT to say more about them.And so for now, I hope I can ramp up that rating a star or two after I've had another crack at that menu.See you soon, Treacle. Round 2.... ding ding!
5	Treacle, I have something to tell you. I went to America recently: land of freedom, hope, dreams, and burgers. I ate many burgers. More burgers than I should have done. Diner burgers, In n' Out burgers, epic man-destroying burgers, burger with pickles as big as a baby's arm, sourdough bun burgers. You get the gist.But none were as good as your burger, and nothing came close to that special secret JD sauce inna wee bottle you serve up with them. Oh and the sweet potato fries? Not even close.That whole song about leaving your heart in San Francisco? Totally doing it wrong. I left my heart here in Edinburgh, and I was home-sick for you, your burgers, and margaritas. Seriously, still the best in town.
4	Nowadays me and my little family only get to go out for lunch/dinner every once in a blue moon. So when we do I like to make it count. I am not the type that likes to go to any ole cafe and have a sandwich or soup, I want it to be special and really yummylicous. Since moving to Scotland I have been both impressed and disappointed, it seems to be very hit and miss but when its a hit, it hits in all the right places. Treacle had been talked up quite a bit so my expectations for having a mouth-watering burger were quite high. First off in my Californian mind a burger requires a number of components to just be considered passable such as: a slice of tomatoe, some onion, lettuce, cheese and yes smothered in slices of dill pickles (not vinagery cocktail pickles) delicately flavored dill pickles. And of course a nice bit of meat without gristle and a light fluffy bun. Now lets say Its all out of 7, each component equals one point. Though to be fair some should be a bit more, like the meat. So we'll go for 8. Now having established this Treacle got a whopping 5 out of 7 which is pretty damn good and I'm being generous cause the cheese wasn't really that great and the pickles were the cocktail type but the meat was sumptuous. It was seasoned very nicely and was quality. The bun was very dense and dry, they didn't serve it with any veg but upon request they added in some tomatoes. Oddly they didn't have any onions in the restaurant AT ALL (????) but the yummy bbq type sauce made me happy enough to forgive them for that. Also the fact that they hand cut their fries/chips was a SUPER PLUS (but no sweet potatoe fries :( ) I was also pleasantly surprised when the bartender actually made me a Shirley Temple! Mind you it wasn't perfect, he had gotten a bit too generous with the grenadine but it was a nice gesture. All in all it was good stuff not the best burger in Edinburgh cause I saw that there was a Lebowski's here and I have yet to try so many other joints but still not a bad one.So here I leave you faithfully in search of the best burger in Scotland but happy to recommend this place.
4	It's not an understatement to say that I have been waiting to eat here for ages...AGES! Everyone keeps rabbiting on about how good the food is, especially the sweet potato fries. So I was really grateful that Jenny.L took pity on me and arranged to meet me for some drinks and dinner last Friday night. First impressions were great. I love the manga style art on the walls and the place felt roomy for such a small pub. I arrived slightly early to snag a table for us and the staff were really friendly, laughing along as I begged for a pot of tea on a Friday evening as well as a margarita for my good friend Jenny. (I hadn't had a cup all day and was dying for caffeine!)It took me awhile to order, there were just too many really tasty looking things on the menu, but I finally settled on the stir fried crispy beef noodles with a side of sweet potato fries. I was really tempted by the burgers, something that was recommended to me by friends, but felt I would regret not having these noodles. I'm so glad I did! My noodles turned up in a delightful little box with chopsticks and were absolutely delicious, I'm actually salivating right now just thinking about them again and had moments over the weekend where I'd find myself craving them. It's a sign of an amazing meal when you're still drooling over it days after. The only difficulty I had was eating the beef as it was in large strips far too large to be a mouthful. If I'd had any sense I would have asked for a knife to cut the beef in to more manageable chunks instead I insisted on attempting to chew through a strip of beef using only my teeth and a pair of chopsticks. I must have looked like such a moron, well done to Jenny for keeping a straight face. (Though she did burst out laughing when I decided to start eating my sweet potato fries with my chopsticks too...clearly I don't know when to quit.)Even though I was full I refused to let the bemused waiting staff take my meal away...I was determined to continue picking away at those noodles as long as it took to finish them, cold food be damned! (Our waitress admitted when we paid our bill nearly 5 hours later that this was the longest they had ever seen anyone pick away at a meal. I'm not sure whether I should be proud or embarrassed?) As I was driving I was unable to avail myself of the very comprehensive cocktail menu but I did get a little sip of Jenny's margarita and pear and raspberry mojito. Yum. Now I have my excuse lined up for why I need to go back there soon.The only actual down side for me was the noise. With it being a Friday night it got a bit busy and noisy, so much so that I couldn't hear Jenny over the music. I understand that the place is a bar (and I was warned that it could get busy) but it did lesson my enjoyment slightly that I couldn't hear my friend at times. I'd definitely go back but would try a week night this time.
4	The bartender is a true mixologist, which seems rare in this country of 400 year old pubs and sellar temperature ale.  He took loving care in each cocktail, deftly cutting the pith away from the lemon rind for my sidecar, then fashioning it into a sort of lemony arrow.The waitress sold me on some sort of beef noodly thing that was actually quite tasty, though if I had had the good sense to read Jenny L's review I would have gone for the burger.  Noodles were well spiced, though the tempura beef served over them was just sort of bizarre.  Who deep fries beef (well they do in the south of America, but they call it chicken fried steak)?Service was top notch, and the bartender was friendly and knowledgeable.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Great night out with friendsTrendy and innovativeA smashing Pad Thai
4	Treacle is much different than its counterpart, Hamiltons, in Stockbridge.  Hamiltons is where the beautiful people go for cocktails on a weekend night, Treacle is where equally beautiful people go but for brunch and lunch over the weekend.  so being beautiful people, Nikki A and i headed here for some lunch on a sunny Edinburgh Sunday.i was pleasantly surprised on entering at just before 12:30pm that the place wasn't very busy and the very friendly (and cute) waiter told me to choose a table anywhere.  i happily chose a nicely placed table for two in the raised part of the restaurant.  what i like about this place is the stylish interior that is cosy and trendy but without trying very hard.  it makes me feel welcome but not that i'm entering a super hipster zone where i need chunky black glasses just for a fashion statement.the menu isn't huge, but there is a large variety in choice and they serve breakfast until 5pm on weekends.  but i decided it was lunch for me and i went for the philly steak and cheese sandwich and a ginger beer with lime.  my lovely sunday lunch companion went for the veggie nachos with extra sour cream (a girl after my own heart!).  drinks arrived promptly followed shortly after by our food which was fantastic as i was starving!!my cheesesteak sandwich was pack full of tender strips of steak cooked to a perfect medium rare with yummy melted swiss cheese on top.  the hand cut fries were equally as tasty and clearly freshly cooked as they were absolutely piping hot!  the plate was finished off by a lightly dressed salad that added a nice fresh touch.  i happily ate every last bit on my plate as it was just all sooooooo delicious!!we finished our meal with some coffees...a flat white for me that was of similar quality to the amazing coffees from Artisan Roast!  it was thoroughly enjoyed and made me want to return to the restaurant again asap.  they also have a seriously awesome looking cocktail list that i may need to sample on my return...
5	Almost every time I find myself in Dunedin, I visit this very fine bar and fill my face with spectacular cocktails and sometimes some scrummy foodstuffs.  The food menu tends to be seasonal, but there are staples that never change much to the delight of patrons, and the cocktail menu is extensive and full of luscious libations to get you salivating.  If you know me, you'll realise that I do love a bar that will set things on fire (oh no, my inner pyro is showing), which is why I'm always so enthused to sample one of Treacle's Zombie cocktails!  Fire and rum...  YAY!!!  Make sure you blow it out before drinking, as a friend of mine almost lost her eyebrows that way.  Tis not for the faint of heart, but it is a firm favourite of mine.If you don't fancy having a meal, you'll want to try the sharer platters.  It's not your average fare, and there'll be something to keep everyone happy and prevent stomachs from rebelling while you test your mettle against the cocktail menu.I also like the cosy atmosphere, and the retro cartoons that are ever playing on the TV.  The last couple of times we were treated to the Samurai Pizza Cats and the Visionaries.  Fantastic stuff! ^^
5	It's still 5 stars from me. For a while there, the service was patchy. Still really friendly, but slloooowwww. But I've given it a good 4 return visits and in that time it's picked up again. It's now super friendly, efficient, they do that amazing thing of remembering your order without writing it down and getting it exactly right. And they're all quite beautiful too.My usual is the crispy coconut chicken with a side of sweet potato wedges. Best sweet potato wedges in the city. And the coconut chicken has real coconut in the breadcrumbed batter, you can taste it.Friends often get the crispy beef noodles, which look amazing. And even the salads are outstanding.They do the best margarita I've had in Edinburgh too.It's got everything I want in a gastro-bar (yes, not gastropub but not bar. Gastrobar. I just coined that). It's trendy, the food is absolutely delicious and fresh, the cocktail menu is extensive and all delicious, the staff are friendly and attentive, and it's just all round yey!It does get busy on a Friday and Saturday night (to the point of being over crowded and loud). So I'd come here mid-week for dinner, or book ahead for the weekend if you want to eat.
1	Disappointing customer service - we were given our table at 7.30pm and at 10pm were told that the kitchen had closed and they were unable to provide desserts. The waitress did not ask our table if we wanted pudding after our main courses were finished. Several of our party were disappointed that the waitress could not accommodate us at 10.01pm. We will not be returning!
2	Treacle has a good cocktail menu, and this place is typically busy with an afterwork crowd.  However, I've eaten here several times and have yet to have decent food.On the last visit, the vegetarian tempura was so horrible that we sent it back. It was a random mix of veggies. I have never had a spring onion tempura'd before. Really?! ...  We had to complain to the bar staff because the waitress didn't return to check on us. we didn't receive any apology from her or the bar staff, but the waitress later said that's why she's not vegetarian, she only orders meat herself.  Again, Really?!  Two stars for the drinks menu, and a max of one star for the food and service.
5	I was initially a bit put off visiting Treacle - it's monkey logo and manga cartoons made me suspicious that it was going to be a bit studenty but I gave it a go and it's now one of my favourite places to go for brunch on the weekend. I'd definitely agree with other reviewers that it's a counterpart to sister restaurants Hamiltons and the Blackbird in that it's a perfect daytime place to enjoy your meal with a drink or two.They've got a great breakfast selection, a good selection of pies and some pretty healthy salads too!  I love the sweet potato and spinach pie with chips and on the other side of the coin, the superfood salad with green tea dressing makes me feel super healthy!  The noodles are great and the desserts are amazing too, if you can fit them in.  The cocktail list is pretty extensive and I'm a sucker for a girly cocktail so really enjoy the pear and violet mule.  The service can be patchy but on the whole is pretty decent.  It does get busy so it's best to go before 1pm on a weekend - well deserved success for them!
3	I'm really torn about what to put in this review.  I thought Treacle served up a pretty decent lunchtime option. It was a reasonable price and the staff were friendly and attentive, though it did take a while for our drinks order to arrive. My burger was good. Nice BBQ sauce and the chips were excellent. The lady opted for a super food type salad thing and I could see all wasn't well in her veggie world.  Now this sounds like a small thing, even I was cringing a bit when she called over a member of staff, but the seeds on her salad should have been toasted and obviously weren't. I kind of thought no big deal, but then I realised that if you state it on the menu, then you've got to stick it on the plate. Also, if you're someone who actually likes eating this stuff, you notice when one of the few ingredients with any defined taste is missing. I have to say the staff were really nice but said the place was too busy to ask the kitchen to actually toast some seeds.I was pleasantly surprised when it came time to settle the bill and our drinks hadn't been charged. The manager explained that if we weren't happy then they had to make things work for us somehow. I really appreciated the gesture, but obviously complaining about a meal kind of takes the pleasure out of the overall experience. If the other half was more of a committed carnivore and had opted for the burger rather than her usual hedgerow pickings, I'd be pumping this up to 4 stars.
5	I enjoyed my Pad Thai so much all I could hear were the Nom nom nom's of my inner voice over the banter of my table. It came in a cute take-away box and if I hadn't finished it there I would have taken it home and laid it next to my pillow with a protective arm over it while I slept. 3 scoops of ice-cream for dessert: pistachio, chocolate and coconut - with actual coconutty bits - mmmmmm!I was really impressed by the menu: full of familiar dishes but also food combo's I haven't heard of or seen anywhere else e.g. steak, chorizo and olive pie; and pleasantly surprised to see an Asian influence after expecting just typical pub grub. The cocktails too are the funkiest I have had in the city and with an extensive menu, I'm so coming back to make a night of these!I love how the food is served, the comfy cosy setting, music, artistic style and friendly staff. I love Treacle! I just wish it was bigger!
4	I have been in Treacle a few times now and really like it. The cocktail menu is huge, such a great selection and are all yummy too. I went for breakfast/brunch here this weekend and the portion sizes were great on the full cooked breakfast and it was really tasty too. Only thing was that service was quite slow...especially taking 15 minutes for four cups of tea but as everything else was so good and the staff were lovely and friendly, I'll let them off :-)They also had a good selection of mini bites and lovely sounding sharing platters, so want to go back and try those.There is great seating too...we chose the sofa with tonnes of cushions which was so comfy but as I am quite little, I had to sit on a pile of cushions as a booster seat though as the sofa was quite low and the table quite high! And it plays cartoons on the TV and is dog friendly.
5	The best tomato soup I have ever had, hands down. My grilled chicken salad was also very tender and crisp, respectively. The wall decor is styled with Japanese anime and the TV was playing anime as well. Our waiter was so nice and helpful in giving us (tourists) recommendations on nearby attractions.
5	We had an hour for lunch, saw this place and just went in... OH MY GOD! 4 of us ate and no-one had food envy because all the dishes were awesome.The beetroot hummus is AMAZING and so are the soups.Definitely going back to try other dishes.
4	I've been to Treacle a few times for drinks (who can resist that cocktail list?!) but had never eaten here til now when we popped by for lunch. We'd originally headed out with the hopes of getting a late breakfast somewhere but it being a weekday and bumping into a friend and nattering for a while meant we missed Treacle's breakfast by 5 minutes. Never mind, we thought - lunch it is then!My boyfriend went for the steak sandwich which looked really good and he easily finished. I wasn't sure what to have, part of me still wanted breakfast, and whilst the noodles sounded good I'm not a big noodles person so I went for a couple of the small plates instead - Crispy coconut chicken with chunky peanut dip, and beer battered tiger prawns with hot and sour cucumber and lime aioli. These were... okay. Absolutely nothing wrong, but a little underwhelming. I couldn't taste the coconut and whilst the peanut dip was tasty (very like satay) the chicken pieces were a bit meh. The prawns themselves were lovely,  but there was nothing hot or sour about the cucumber and aioli. A tiny bit of chilli in with the cucumber had had no discernible effect.  Pity as I loooove hot and sour tastes!It's four stars though as I do like Treacle. The cocktail list is extensive (bit unsure about the inclusion of drinks for girls though...) and the general vibe is cool. Drinks are expensive mind. And the steak sandwich looked tasty, I was just a little disappointed by my small plates.  Okay, but nothing amazing.  Overall though Treacle's pretty good.
4	My friend and I ended up at Treacle after a long day at the festival, starved and thirsty!We ordered a bottle of Prosecco get rid of our thirst, which came with a glass full of strawberries and raspberries to nibble on whilst we waiting on our mains. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with an extra topping of streaky bacon,  and I'm glad I did! My friend ordered a steak sandwich. The thick cut chips were just divine! I would definitely go back only for the pulled pork as it's my absolute obsession at the moment. Oh and the staff were really friendly too. Keep up the good work guys!http://smgdesigns.co.uk
5	I love this place.  I've been a couple of times before for food and both times it has been delish!  This time is no different.Ok it was a busy Saturday afternoon and the rubgy was on too.  Although we had to wait for a table, no more than 30 mins - the waitress offered us to drinks while we waited on a window seat.Both of us had sandwiches.  i have the smoked salmon on brioche which was orgasmic.  It was filing and really good value.  Although the service was patchy I'd still give it 5 stars - the food combos are really good.  Staff are super friendly and give good service.  I'd defo return as it's a handy food and drink joint to know!
4	I came to Treacle because of all the rave yelpings. I like it but i was super disappointed because they no longer have sweet potato chips! Which was one of the dishes people talked most about in their reviews!  My friend and I shared a noodle soup and a sampler pate with fried tofu, chips, coconut shrimp, and some other goodies. We really enjoyed our food plus we had delicious drinks! Defintiely a place to meet up for drinks with friends.
3	we had Christmas lunch there, food and servise is good.
5	Absolutely love this joint!  The atmosphere is legit and the food was just as good.  The staff was incredibly awesome and they played good tunes all night long.  I would highly recommend this for a younger crowd scene and would definitely come back here during my stay in Edinburgh.  I'd give it 6 stars if possible, great place!
4	Treacle is one of quite a few trendy bars on Broughton Street. It combines being a coffee house with also being a bar serving food. On this visit I was only buying drinks on a sunny weekday afternoon so it was fairly quiet but the bar staff were still attentive and the outdoor seats were great to watch the world go by whilst sipping on a cold beer (it was great to see them serving Innis and Gunn Lager on tap). The decor plays on the trendy vibe with manga cartoons on the walls. Definitely a great bar to meet up with friends to show you are one of the in-crowd.
5	Had the best scottish breakfast here. I know i know... this is a gastropub and i have being here only once. But i have to write a review since it was here that i had the most delicious veg scottish breakfast. So i was in Edinburgh with hubby for a small trip of Scotland. We reached around brunch time from london at our hotel and were very hungry (since we missed breakfast, obviously). The hotel receptionist suggested Treacle for a quick bite. This is a really nice place and they serve breakfast till 12. Comforting ambience and good service. Hubby ordered Eggs Benedict and i ordered a hearty veg scottish breakfast which included veg haggis (so delicious), veg sausage, has brown, potato scone, portebello mushroom, beans, tomato, egg and toast...and last and the most important..TEA....Absolute deliciousness. Hubby also liked his eggs benedict a lot. So all in all i am giving a 5 star based on the service, the breakfast and tea.
4	We came here over the weekend for lunch - I had the pulled pork sandwich and my husband had the prawn. The food was delicious - would have been five stars, but the service was a little slow and we had to ask for menus.Other than that though this was an excellent choice for lunch, great food and reasonably priced - would recommend
4	I like Treacle. They are a open faced, trendy bar with some tasty dishes! It is good to know that they don't overcharge the Innis & Gunn from the draft.They have some comfy sofas and some clean functional dining furniture. The times I visited I was pleased with the bar staff, they are friendly and always trying to see if you need anything. One niggly bit is that somehow there is a feeling that they are a close-knit group friends and how much they try I cannot shake the feeling I am not entirely at home here. I wouldn't spend much longer than a few drinks a a quick meal here.It is purely subjective I know, but after a few visits I still feel the same. Possibly the not the right vibe for me.
4	Visited Treacle.  It was near my hotel in Edinburgh.  Trendy, loud but as expected.  My martini was poured by a new guy I think.  I returned it with a little resistance from my waitress. The food was prepared very well.. fresh and delicious. I would return.
