2	My wife and I were looking for a dinette table. We looked at many places and ended up at the RoomStore. We found a great table and decided to purchase the item. The salesman was nice and didn't provide too much pressure. There is a LARGE selection of items-couches, tables, chairs, dressers etc.My problem was that we bought the table and had a deferred pickup due to moving into a new home several weeks down the road. I placed a small down payment to reserve my item. After several weeks, I contacted the RoomStore to pick up my item since I just moved into my new home. My item was not in stock and was told to call back later in the week. I called 4 days later and was informed the item was now available. Today, I went to pay the balance of my purchase and take home the table. Small problem, the table and chairs are not at this location.  I was given the choice to pick up the item at the distribution center 30 minutes away or wait until until Tuesday. I wish that during my several contacts during this process that someone would have told me that I wouldn't be able to pick up my item here or wait several other days. I was not happy! Now I have to go back once again to pick up the table and chairs.
1	My wife and I found a living room and dining set for our new house that we love. The salesman was extremely helpful and offered us all of these great deals.  It is now two months later and we still don't have the complete purchase.  The dining room table top has been sent back twice (the delivery men say this happens "all the time" due to damaged tops).  We were sent the wrong end tables.  The coffee table was damaged one delivery and smelled rancid the next.  That salesman we liked has a difficult time returning phone calls now too.  Fortunately, customer service has done their part to accommodate this circus of sending us seconds.  So much for a great deal.  Seven months later and we finally have all of the pieces for our family room... Four stars for the  furniture we really like, but felt the service was completely ridiculous... knocking the score down to one star.
2	The salesman, Johnny, did a fantastic job selling.  He was very knowledgeable on his furniture and helped us get the maximum discounts, however, delivery is a different story.  Inaccurate availability made us take our business elsewhere.
1	I went into the store and purchased a sofa and a chaise and was able to pick the color that I wanted and it had to be special ordered. I also purchased a dining room table. I left small balance due for the dining room table and said I would be back in 2 weeks. The first problem was that I was supposed to have delivery of my sofa that next Monday after work. I received a call first thing in the morning and was told that my sofa would be there by 9 AM. I told them I was working and the paperwork says clearly between 5 and 7 PM. Then I called back and talked to the Manager Martin who didn't offer to make things better he just told me that in my area they didn't deliver at that time so I said no worries Saturday would be fine. On Saturday they came to deliver the sofa and as the delivery guys were there I wanted to look the sofa over. There were staples sticking out between the cushions. Nails all over in places that nails should not have been. I told the guys to take it back. I than called the store and they said no problem we will deliver another sofa the following day. I asked if they could please look it over prior to delivery and I was told no but I could keep the delivery guys there as long as I needed to inspect the sofa. The second sofa was again made very sloppy. I called the sales man the next day and told him how disappointed I was and 2 out of 2 sofas were crap so I would just come back into the store the following week to look for another sofa. I went in and didn't find anything that was going to make the chaise that was on order so I decided to keep the sofa only because I was going to have guests come in a few weeks and I needed furniture. As I paid my balance for the dining table and set up delivery the manager Martin gave the  sales person a form for me to sign that states I cannot cancel the chaise. It also said that it was going to take between 8 and 10 weeks to receive my chaise. I told the sales person first that the time frame he gave me was 4-6 weeks not 8-10 weeks and why didn't he give me the paper to sign 3 weeks ago when I purchased the furniture.? Than Martin proceeded to push me and try to intimidate me into signing the form. I told him, Look, I just gave you more money! I paid you the full price of my furniture 3 weeks ago!! I never once said the word cancel!! They have my money I did not put the furniture on credit. I did not put it on lay away. I gave them full payment so why is he harassing me now about a form that should have been given to me 3 weeks ago when I first purchased the furniture???? Than he and the sales man proceed to try and course me again into signing the paper by telling me that I cannot cancel the chaise. I said again I never mentioned the word cancel and If I wanted to cancel I can do it because I NEVER SIGNED THE FREAKING FORM!!! Than the sales person Joseph proceeds to tell me :well we told you so that's good enough" I was so pissed off and could have said lots of insults like the sales man looks like a white trash druggy with bad teeth and tattoos all over his hands that he tries to hide with bad cheap make up and as I told him it only tells people he doesn't wash his hands throughout the day after he goes to the rest room otherwise it would wash off and a store manager that has Napoleon syndrome and looks like he needs a bath and did I mention the fact that he has his I guess it was supposed to be a white dress shirt but it was clearly not clean buttoned down far enough to see all that nasty hair on his chest sticking out ugh. So I was polite and told them all they are doing is making me angry by trying to coerce me into signing the paper which I am not going to do based on the fact that I will not be intimidated by some furniture sales people. (And that was nice) I walked out and thought I would handle it though corporate office. What a freaking joke that was!! I called them and all it did was get me more frustrated that they don't stand behind their customer service. Your receipt reads at the top. "Customer service HOTLINE" Yea, first they don't get in until 10:00AM and they suck as well. What ever happened to ""the customer is always right??"" I called the sales person and said do you price match? He said absolutely and I asked him if he would price match the chaise that I found for $150.00 cheaper and he said yes. Than I was told Martin the manager said NO. I decided that I would go ahead and just keep all furniture as I was running out of time and I was having family from out of state come, I had no choice but to keep it. They came to deliver my dining table and I specifically asked the manager Mary if she would make sure they look over my table prior to delivery and she said yes. Oh and to please make sure the delivery guys had not been drinking as they smelled like alcohol at 9:00AM the last delivery. CONTINUED....
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would!!!!!On March 31st, we purchased our couch. Our experience at the store was easy and our sales person seemed knowledgeable. We found a sectional that we liked and were able to customize it for ONLY a $100 more.  Our sales person told us that we would have the couch within 4-6 weeks. After about 3 weeks I called the store to ask for the status of our couch. This is when all the problems started. The store was unable to find our purchase. After a few hours of searching they were able to locate our order. They had the order under the wrong name and the contact phone number was transposed. That is when I started asking questions. They informed me that it was their error and they would update our information. At that same time I was told that our couch would be in their store the week of June 22nd.The following week I then called to check the status again. This was my first contact with Ricky (the store manager). He told me that it was his first day at that location and to please go easy on him. I simply asked for an update on our couch. That is when he told me that I was given the wrong information about when the couch was to arrive. He told me that my couch was not even going into production until July 8th. I asked if there was a way to expedite the order? I was told no.On July 8th, I contacted Ricky to get an update and he told me that the couch was in production and it would be on a truck by the end of the week. I then called Tim in their customer service department to ask if there was anything they could do to expedite our order so we could get the couch in the time they had promised. He informed me that he was unable to do anything but provided me with the regional managers contact information.I contacted Mike Norris with their corporate headquarters and left a message on July 14th to discuss the situation with my couch. That same day I also contacted the store to find out the status of my couch and was told by Ricky that the couch was on a truck and was on its way to the store. I asked Ricky where the couch was coming from so I could get an approximate date of arrival. Ricky told me that the couch was coming from CA and he wasn't sure where. Another lie. With trying to reach Mike Norris I was having zero luck. I then contacted Tim in customer service again on July 15th to find out if he could provide me with more information. That is when he informed me that my couch was NOT on a truck and they were hoping to get it on the following day! Another lie!On July 16th, I was finally able to reach Mike Norris and I told him of the entire situation. He apologized to me and told me that my couch was on a truck and he would further investigate all of the issues. I NEVER heard back from him. I have left several messages since. On July 18th, Ricky contacted me at 10:30 AM and asked if I would like the couch on a same day delivery... I said ABSOLUTELY! He told me that the couch would be on the truck that was departing at 4:00 PM and that the driver would call one hour in advance. I was so excited. They were finally going to do something right. At 8:00 PM I had not heard from the delivery truck drivers so I contacted the store. That is when I was told my couch was NOT on the truck. The store manager at that time again apologized and said she would have Ricky call me first thing in the morning.The following morning I did not receive a call, but my other half did. The store had left a message telling us that our couch was not going to be delivered until we paid the final balance. We were pissed. Why had no one told us that prior? They had 6 1/2 weeks to get it. We were also told by our sales person on day of purchase that we did not have to pay in full and could pay the remainder of the balance at delivery! Another lie. I contacted Ricky and was infuriated! After many choice words with him, we were told that because we had chose to customize/special order for our couch we would not receive a refund. We ended up paying the remaining balance and was told again the couch would be there after 4:00 PM with an hour call ahead. At about 1:30 PM we received a call that our couch was 20-30 mins out. The delivery driver came to our home and dropped off our couch. Out of curiosity we asked if he had just picked up the couch. Turns out our couch was on the morning delivery truck the entire time. Another lie!From this experience, I will NEVER purchase thru the room store AGAIN and would highly suggest no one else do the same. If you are looking for a headache free company do not buy through them. Also, if you are looking for a company that won't feed you lies, do not go to them! Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!
5	My husband and I have purchased from The Roomstore before and were pleased. It was time for us to buy a new sectional, and we had gone to Mor, Ashley and Roomstore. Most of the designs we liked were at the Roomstore. We had a great experience this second time. Our sales person was Assistant Manager, Mary. She was fantastic! Mind you this is on a Sunday. Our sectional was in stock. She included free same day delievery. Our purchase process was easy. We had our new sectional in our home before 3:00 PM on the same day. :-) Very happy.
