3	We made our way in here for a morning crepe during our visit and kept it simple. One fromage, one chocolate. They were solid crepes, although the cheese wasn't fully melted and the chocolate was cold. To me, the prices seemed a nip high. The propeitor/waiter/crepe maker was very friendly and quick. With any beverages, this would become a fairly pricey breakfast hit.
5	I just visited Montreal for a couple of nights and while I was there I wanted a real crepe since they just aren't as good in the US. On my last night in Montreal, I met up with a friend who has lived in Montreal his whole life and he recommended La Crepe 2 Go as his favorite crepe place. I am exceptionally glad that he did because La Crepe 2 Go did anything but disappoint. My boyfriend and I went there the following day, our last morning, for breakfast. For starters, La Crepe 2 Go is small, quaint, and a place mostly locals go to. I immediately loved it. We ordered two crepes. One was the traditional crepe with sugar and vanilla that we added bananas and strawberries to, and the other was a spinach, egg and cheese crepe. Both were phenomenal! We couldn't decide which we liked better. The strawberries and bananas were mounded atop the first crepe and the breakfast crepe was FULL of spinach, egg, and cheese and served with a little side of fruit! The owner was absolutely fantastic, and chatted with us about anything and everything while making our crepes. He checked with us a few minutes after we started eating to make sure we liked them. All of the ingredients are bought from a local market so everything is as fresh as it can get. The only thing ordered in bulk is the bananas because of the quantity they go through and the price point. Sure enough, while we were eating, a girl who works there came in to get her re-useable bags, and went to the market. Before we could finish our crepes, she was back with many bags that were FULL of fresh ingredients. I can't say anything better about La Crepe 2 Go!The next time we go back to Montreal, we already decided that we are having every breakfast at La Crepe 2 Go!
5	Had a pretty fantastic breakfast here with friend. Everything was good especially the nutella and and strawberry crepe. I was not a fan of crepes but this can not be compared to the creperies found in back home in New York. Also, the coffee was great as well
4	Very good food friendly staff and also healthy!!
3	The crepes were pretty good but my 4 and 7 year old preferred the ones that I make at home. Service was good though and coffee was above average.Breakfast for 4 came out to $47 which was  a bit much considering I spent only a fiver more for a killer dinner for four last night at Amelio's.
4	La Crepe 2Go is a lovely little crepe spot right off the busy street of Sherbrooke.  They aren't very big, can maybe fit 15 people total (I counted 3 small tables and then 6 window seats).  It is definitely a warm and snug feeling being here.  The chef is very nice and will let you watch/gawk/stare as he makes the crepes one-by-one.  I ordered the Spinach Egg and Cheese Crepe as it was Sunday brunch, but I also sampled the Tuna Crepe.  Both were very good - I would highly recommend the Spinach Egg and Cheese crepe if you're coming for breakfast/brunch, and the Tuna Crepe is more for lunch/casual dinner.  We chatted with the owner and it looks like expansion into US territory is happening very soon.  They forecast that they will be in Los Angeles some time in 2014 and are looking at locations in New York as well.
4	This is a great small breakfast option that is perfect for the area.Crepes made here are done properly.  They come out nice and thin, not greasy or overcooked and burnt.  I've had too many doughy thick crepes and there's nothing more dissapointing, and that wont happen here.I love the Epinard (Spinach) options and they go great with the ham and cheese for breakfast.  The sweet crepes with Nutella and fruit options are also quite wonderful and not overloaded with too much sugar like most dessert crepes I've had.  Chocolate and strawberry is a perfect combination.Highly recommended, just wish they had an espresso machine and some better juice options, then we are talking near perfection.
3	Fresh and good. But a little expensive for me. Around 7 dollar for a basic classic crepe
5	Ugh! SO GOOD! My guy got the nutella & strawberry, I got spinach & cheddar- both were so so so good! Love this little hole-in-the-wall!!
5	Great place for gluten free foodies!!! For the savory crepes he uses Chick pea flour!! He seems to know quite a bit regarding being gluten free because his wife is also gluten free.We ordered the gluten free Pizza and chicken crepes + a Mango peach banana smoothie!Everything tasted deliciously Fresh and there was  No preservative taste!
1	Well.. Only the crepes are gluten free (not the waffles) and oh did they neglect to mention (before they rang my order through on my credit card) that NONE of the sweet crepes - CHOCOLATE & fruit - are gluten free? The owner was very angry at the girl who was at the register .. She didn't know how to cancel my charge - so he very aggressively gave me cash back. Then later in the day when we walked by on our way back to the hotel ... If looks could kill I would be 10 feet under ground right now.   I think the sign in the window translates well "Sans Gluten Free"
