1	horrible company Patricia lee represents her husband to screw over innocent dj's do not support this firm!
1	Lol! Pretty bad when your own employee slams you in the other review! I hired these traitors to represent me in a breach of contract case. After taking a 35% discount just to end it, the other side put terms in the agreement not on the court record! This firm threatened me and said I had to accept the revised version never mentioned in court. I refused. They are now suing me for monies they never collected, which was a contingency agreement. The lawyer I had kept making remarks like "you have more money than I" and "you'll lose at trial" because the jury will resent your looks and success, (even though I have a contract stating I am soley the one that placed the lucrative investments). I saved my partner from certain ruin, since he had 0 investment experience and was loaning millions on a handshake at 5% interest. What a moron! I made him 13% secured interest in hard money loans and bought 25 reos that most have tripled in value. a con artist, my ex is involved with started selling all the assets below cost, just to keep from paying my share. He is how getting my paycheck, even though he never invested ONE penny for us and has lost over a million dollars of LLC assets. I went to court and froze the remaining properties from being sold. He and the con artist then broke into my home and robbed me, then locked me out. Now she, (lawyer) is ganging up with ex's lawyer in trying to force me to not make an insurance claim! She also says I won't recover any of the intentional million dollar losses caused by the con artist in FRONT of the other side. She is so stupid she is unaware of the definition of MANDATORY FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY. She is a lying, conniving back stabbing c%^&. It has nothing to do with our biz contract and he claims he's innocent, but keeps dodging the insurance company, who wants a statement. She said I deserved to lose my personal property, some of which were priceless family heirlooms iIdidn't have the extra coverage on. She is obviously on their payroll and is clearly jealous of my expertise, looks and success. She now wants another $100,000 on top of the $20,000 I already paid for doing nearly nothing, no discovery, no depos, just "talking" to others at her firm about my case and forcing me into taking a majorly discounted settlement she can't even collect. I am the one that did all the property comps. She's a pathological liar, who only cares about her over inflated, undeserved fees, not recovering my rightful, hard earned share. She's so stupid. she wanted to go to settlement before appraising the business. (Rack up those bills!) I had to tell her we needed an appraisal first. she has 0 strategical or negotiating skills, rather threatens and intimidates her own clients, instead of the opposing side. 3 lawyers have read the court settlement and said it states nothing about I cant make an insurance claim for my burglary. She told me court was a week ago. i was halfway to Las Vegas (200 miles), when she emailed me that day and said court was cancelled, after knowing for a week. I lost 2 hotel night stays and a tank of gas. She did that on purpose to cause me more loss and inconvenience. I am now suing the firm for malpractice.
