3	I've been here a couple of times now. Today was a bit of a bummer cause i had some guy who was super chatty.  When guys get a hair cut we want to get in and get out half the time.  But the guy i had today was very chatty with his co workers and kept stopping to talk to her while i was left hangin.  On other instances though i've had some really cool hair dressers. (some are pretty darn cute to)  As far as quality of hair cuts... it's 12 $ haircut for men.  Your not gonna get this shampoo amazingness or anything special.. just get your ears trimmed up and have at it.  I'll still keep goin here mostly cause it's cheap and i dont know where else to go for a decent haircut.
5	Been to a few Great Clips and other chain shops like this, but I have to say this one has been great. Friendly service and I'm in and out in no time. I've been going to Stephanie for the past few months. Love that I can check in online as well and see how long the wait times are.
2	We have been to this location multiple times previously to have my boyfriend's hair cut. Each time we visit is a guessing game as to whether or not he will get a good hair stylist or not. He has been four times and each time their is a different staff and hair stylist available. His previous visit to this review was not good either so it appears we will be looking for a new place to get his hair cut. This last visit was the worst as his hair was butchered beyond immediate correction. I suggest next time my boyfriend really take the time and look his hair over and make sure it is cut the way he requested. That way they can make any changes or corrections to it because once you leave you have accepted the cut even if was done crappy. It was really bad after I examined it later at home, half of the hair was cut uneven with one side longer than the other. I had to take my hair scissors to it later at home and trying to correct a bad cut is hard to do if you are not an experienced hair stylist or barber.OK so he went around  looking even more goofy and nerdy for two weeks until it grew out so lesson learned!
1	Worst great clips location I've ever been to! Don't even waste your time coming here. I made the mistake on coming here for convenience. I regret that decision and wish I drove a little farther to the flamingo location. I tipped the lady cause I felt bad for her, not for doing a good job. Never again will I return! The customer service sucks, they all have attitude which makes me question why they are working in this industry. And the lady that cut my hair did a horrible job.
5	Interesting that the reviews for this location are pretty bad, yet every time  I online check in, the online check in system tells me the wait is 20+?!? Must be the location :)!!! I usually come here to get my hair washed after my eyelash extension, and I cannot say what a great deal it is for $3!!! You get a great wash, all of the stylists are friendly, and they do a great job. I have gotten a couple of bang trims as well, and have no complaints. They do what you ask for a less than expected price...and I cannot complain about that!!!!
5	I had used Great Clips in Reno for years, and was happy with their service. I was hesitant about coming here because of the varying reviews.  Had my hair cut by Michael,  and he did a fantastic job. I know how hard it can be to find a place that will cut your hair like you want it. I will be coming back again, for sure!
