4	How has Great Harvest escaped notice? It's a franchise, but....This place feels like a casual, local spot, with a friendly counter staff. They ply you with bakery samples when you walk in the door. Try one of the unusual breads, like Guinness-cheese, or jalapeno-cheese. Slather your chunk with an appropriate amount of soft butter or preserves.In addition to delicious breads, rolls, cookies, and other sweets, they make great sandwiches for lunch. They offer usual suspects, like turkey, ham, and roast beef. The chicken salad was a bit iffy, but the club is tasty. Great Harvest goes a bit heavy on the red onion on most, so take some breath mints for afters.A box lunch comes with chips, a large drink, and a dessert from the pastry case. Try a Savannah Bar. They are delicious oaty crumble bars, rich with butter, sugar and fruit like blueberries, apples, cranberries, or peaches. Because they dish up your sweet right after you order, you generally get to finish your dessert before your lunch arrives.My only complaint is that the place can feel a bit disorganized at times. But they usually aren't terribly busy, so even during the lunch rush you can generally grab a table and a quick lunch.
1	So I stopped in for a quick pre-workout snack.  I ordered a breakfast panini on high five fiber bread...and while the panini was quite tasty and the bread was great...I ran into two...yes two different colored hairs cooked in to the egg whites.  Why does this always happen to me?  The first hair specimen is definitely from a small white dog.  The second hair appears to be of human origin.Someone hit me back when they get their quality control issues fixed...cause I won't be back until then...if ever.
4	I work in the same complex as Great Harvest, so I end up stopping in out of convenience for a coffee on occasion.  Pretty decent coffee, but I'll drink anything that isn't weak like Dunkin Donuts (sorry Dunks...love your donuts though!) coffee.  The best part about this coffee ritual is the "sample" of bread they offer you.  Seriously, this has been my breakfast on more than one occasion.  So so tasty!  There is nothing better than freshly baked bread topped with flavored butter/jam, and the fact it is a good sized portion is a bonus!  I have also had their turkey sandwich, and found it to be good as well.  The bread definitely makes the sandwich taste very homemade.I like that the store is family owned (within a franchise), as it is obvious a lot of hard work goes into the workings of the store.  In my opinion it's worth shelling out an extra buck if it's going to a family vs corporate america.But...on the money note....I had to dock a star for the prices.  I would love to buy their bread, but really can't afford $7 for a loaf.  Their jams are also a bit more than I am willing to spend, or I'd have one of every flavor in my fridge! It doesn't keep me away...I just try to keep my visits spaced out a bit more.  Kudos Great Harvest!
4	I don't know why I keep forgetting this little place is so close to my house. Probably because I don't buy much bread, and probably because I have to go slightly out of my way to go there. Anyway... when a situation calls for a special loaf of bread, that is the one place I always DO think of.  They make some really great breads (and brownies and cookies, too, I hear, though I haven't tried).Last night, on my way home from the gym, I stopped by to pick up something for today's team event. I walked up to the door, and noticed they close at 6. It was 6:05. The lights were off at the front and chairs were up on tables. Darn... So I turned around and started to walk away. One of the employees opened the door and asked me if I wanted to come in, even though they were closed - sweet! Well, they didn't take ATM cards, so I had to go get some money. No problem, he said, "We'll be here for a while, just come on back when you are ready..." That was great. Honestly... They saved me from driving another 3 miles out of my way to Trader Joe's or Wildflower.When I got back, I asked them what they had that wouldn't go bad between last night and this morning, and that I was looking for something  breakfast-y. Imagine that, they had a loaf called "Breakfast Blast" (ingredients: Fresh Ground 100% Whole Wheat, water, honey, dates, cinnamon chips, rolled oats, yeast, salt, cinnamon). Winner. I chose that.As one employee rang me up, the other asked if I'd like her to hand-slice the loaf for me, as this one with bits of fruit wouldn't do well in the automatic slicer. Sure! That was super nice of them.When I brought out the loaf this morning and tried it, it was delicious! Too bad we didn't have a toaster out at Tempe Town Lake! I bet it tastes even better warm and toasty!In the past, I've picked up High Five Fiber, Honey Whole Wheat, 9 Grain, and Rosemary Garlic. I've also tasted their Trek Energy Bars and Becky's Coconut Bread - both pretty damn good, as well. I have to say I've never been disappointed.They also sell breakfast panninis and various sandwiches and I think they even cater (platters)... Never tried any sandwiches though. So my four stars are for their breads and their service.  The loaves are kinda pricey - my Breakfast Blast loaf yesterday was $6.50 for example. But you have to realize you're not buying a mass-produced generic loaf of bread. They're well worth it, in my opinion.The store also has some great little gifts, some kitschy and some really useful - from baking mixes to dishes, plates, and utensils... much of it made locally. If you're still not sure about stopping by, just do it. Go a little hungry because they're pretty generous with their SAMPLES! Now do I have your attention? Go. You'll like it.
3	I have stopped in a few times for a sandwich and taken a loaf or two to go.  The bread can seem expensive but once you pick up the loaf and realize it is 3x heavier than the typical stuff you buy, you realize you are getting a great bread for a decent price.  The cinnamon swirl bread is awesome.  They sell out fast since they only make it once a week.  I enjoyed an entire load of the honey wheat bread by toasting it and spreading on some homemade honey butter (honey+butter=honey butter).  Very friendly staff, yummy iced-tea, tasty sandwiches, good bread and free samples.  Can't go wrong.
4	It is official, I am in love with this lovely little spot for bread and a sandwich. I pick up a loaf for sandwiches or just a snack all on its own - gouda and guiness, screams fondue making to me!  The bread is what you will find at every Great Harvest, hearty and always tasty. The also do sandwiches, great coffee, tea and smoothies. The brownies and cookies are excellent and are also hearty in both taste and size. Enjoy this spot.
5	I used to live a couple miles away, and I didn't realize how lucky I was until I moved about 15 minutes away.  I still try to stop in here most weeks for a loaf some of the best sandwich bread out there.Yes, they are just a little bit more expensive than a store bought loaf, but I will take a family owned, quality, non preservative laced loaf of bread any day rather than the crap you can buy at the grocery store.  These loaves easily last a week or more without going moldy too, at least in my experience, and with NO preservatives.  Look at the ingredient list on the Honey Whole Wheat:  Whole wheat flour, salt, yeast, water, and honey.  How can you get better than that?Trust me, you get one of their sandwich loaves and toast it with some high quality cold cuts and veggies, and you've got one of the best healthy meals out there.I've had the Honey Whole Wheat, Harvest White, Sourdough, Challah, Cinnamon Raisin, and many of their special swirled loaves over the years, and you can tell this is a place that cares about what they put out.  Just good people.  Also, the Virginia rolls that they only seem to make around holidays are the stuff my dreams are made from.  And don't even get me started on the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip dessert loaves...just one word for them:  damn!Now if I can just get them to open up a location in SE Chandler...
2	Last week I went in at around 8:00am and bought a Breakfast Roll which has elements of breakfast in it ... ham, egg, cheese, but bakedn in a whole wheat roll. It was stale and hard and ... although I tried ... ultimatedly inedible. I was very sad. I like the "idea" of Great Harvest Bread company but in actual life it's stale ... i had a deja vu of why I hadn't been back in over a year ... I had bought a morning muffin or breakfast roll a year ago .. it was stale.  And didn't go back until time passed and I forgot about the bad experience. Now I have 2 things to remind me not to go back in the future. I emailed the company and told of the staleness and ... no reply. So that's why I'm writing this review.Update: I received this reply from the owner a week later ... so I will up my rating to 3 stars ...Good Afternoon,  Thank you for taking the time to send us an e-mail about a less than satisfactory product you purchased in our bakery last Thursday.  First I have to appolgize for taking so long to get back to you.  As you may know this little shop is owned by our family, and with that we are always busy doing many things.  From Farmer's Markets on both Thursdays and Saturdays,  to baking 125 loaves of bread Saturday with a Church Youth Group for their moms on Sunday, visiting with folks at a local retirement home yesterday and a seminar I had commited to today.  Wow,  it's been a busy week, and that only covers the past 5 days.  I finally had a chance to check my e-mails.  The business e-mails go to my husband and he forwarded yours onto my personal e-mail so that I may answer you.   Anyways,  I appreciate your patience.  We do bake all of our breakfast rolls every morning.  The one that you purchased wouldn't have been old, but it would have had to have been overbaked to be inedible.  I really sincerely apologize for that.  We do make everything here in the bakery from scratch and with that sometimes leaves room for human error.   So to thank you for taking the time to send us an e-mail, I would like to make things right and offer you - your choice a sandwich or any loaf of bread. My compliments of course.  I am typically here in the bakery Mon-Wed all day.  Thursday only 'til 1:00 - then off to a Farmers Market.  All day Friday. and another Farmers Market on Saturday.  We are closed on Sundays for family time.  I will be putting your name on our message board with instructions for a Free Sammie or Loaf of Bread.   Warmly, Leslie Walston,  OwnerGreat Harvest Bread Co. 1730___________________________________________________[update 5/30/10]: I did go back and unfortunately ordered a savannah bar and iced coffee. The savannah bar was okay but small. The iced coffee I had a sinking feeling as I saw the person pull dig the cut in a bucket of ice and proceed to pour hot coffee over it. This is going to water down by 50% an already weak coffee. I asked if she could give me a little less ice, she obliged but that just resulted in a dishwater, luke-warm watery coffee that was undrinkable. So I was foiled again. I sent an email to the owner again suggesting they serve full strenght coffee that's been kept in a refrigerator then poured over ice ... no reply back.So I'm sorry to say I've downgraded my rating to 2 starts ** . And I'm sorry to say I will likley not go back. Too disappointing even though I want it to be better.
4	When I'm craving a good piece of bread to eat I go here. I'm talking about bread that you can't find in at the local grocery store of course. They bake all their breads right in the store. Go ahead and ask the cashier for a sample of the bread you want to taste.
5	In a bread store I'm like a kid in a candy store.White, wheat, 9 grain, italian, french, sourdough, banana, pumpkin ... I'm not picky.Oh and then there is oatmeal, granola, cake mixes, brownie mixes, muffins, cinnamon rolls ... get the point?The had me when I walked in and they offered me a piece of fresh baked honey wheat (with some butter) while I decided what I wanted.I'm really on the whole grain, 9 grain, dairy free (vegan) kick and when they grind their grains on site in their own mill, it's a plus.My choice, a loaf of high 5 fiber bread with whole wheat, honey, flax, millet, oat and sunflower seeds (that weighs literally 2 pounds) and a half dozen honey wheat dinner rolls.  I can't wait to make toast with peanut butter tomorrow!
3	Expensive.  Their sandwiches are good, and I do realize that the bread is made fresh, but over $7 for a standard size sandwich?  We tried the mile-high rye, and it was more like the half-inch rye, since there was an anemic amount of meat in the sandwich for something advertised as "mile-high".  The ingredients were high quality, but I think I'd only go here again if prices were slightly cheaper (maybe 1-2 dollars cheaper).
4	Great atmosphere. Employees were friendly. A lot of interesting bread types to try daily and they gave you a huge slice to sample. I had the breakfast panini and it was great. Could have used some Tobasco! Didn't get to try any of the sweets but they looked delicious.
4	Having recently discovered they have an extensive gluten-free menu (and baking day), I have fallen in love with this place. I've only been there once, but the cinnamon chip bread I got was incredible! I toast it and put cream cheese and cinnamon sugar on the top, but that's beside the point. They have an extensive menu of gluten-free items and bake all of them fresh on Tuesday afternoons. I will most likely update this review as my gluten-free bread bliss here develops.
1	It was so much better a few years ago.
4	I love, love, love Great Harvest.  We've had a love affair of nearly 15 years now, starting in Chico when I was in college.  Once I started working I would pick up a cinnamon swirl and share it with my cube mates if I was in town.  I was thrilled when Great Harvest opened a location in Chandler, not even very far from me.  Their breads are all fantastic and they give you samples.  They would earn five stars if they weren't so expensive, seems like the bread in the California stores is a little cheaper, strange.  They also have great sandwiches.
3	I come here to get a nice cup of soup with a slice of fresh baked bread. It makes the perfect light lunch. The cookies, breads, cinnamon rolls, and dessert breads are all so scrumptious when I am in the mood for a treat.
4	Great healthy bakery with gluten free options! I love this place. Every time I'm in Tempe, I make a point to grab some cookies and bread from Great Harvest. Plus the sandwiches are fantastic, too. try the chicken salad.
5	YUM!!!! This place has the best bread, especially the 140 calorie a slice variety, which is loaded with seeds and grains.  Soooo good with peanut butter. I also love the Trek energy bars, I could eat these 24-7 they are so tasty.  I highly recommend the pumpkin cookies with white chocolate chips and also the gigantic snicker doodles.  Everything is so darn fresh and delicious, can't wait to go back for more!
5	I found this bakery through the Farmer's Market and fell in l.o.v.e with their Dakota Bread - it has everything I love about sliced bread - dense, tons of seeds, perfectly absorbs butter, and perfectly accompanies any deli meat or PB&J.I was impressed with their customer service recently.  I saw them at the Gilbert Farmer's Market and bought a Gluten-free loaf from the young gal and guy there.  I took it home, totally excited to slice it up (it wasn't sliced) and make yummy toast or a sandwich from it.  I had recently converted to Rudi's GF bread (find it at Sprouts) which is awesome.. so I was expecting the same experience with this new Great Hearvest GF bread.  Turns out, something in their recipe was waaay off.  I opened the cellophane wrapped GF loaf and it completely broke apart with a touch of a finger.. it seemed that something didn't bind or keep things together in the mix.I contacted the owner (I got their business card at the Farmer's Mkt by chance) and very politely told her my experience.. that I was a long time fan.. loved their products..very saddened to have it crumble...  She replied to my email and was SO kind and apologetic about the whole thing.  She offered me to come in or find them next time at the market to get a refund or exchange it (no need to bring in the bad loaf)... she was going to let her staff know so that I wouldn't have to struggle with an explanation for why I was asking for a swap or refund if she weren't there.I was impressed with that!  I love it when an owner takes care of customers and make sure their product isn't leaving a bad or negative impression.. granted, it's up to you as the consumer to give them the opportunity to fix it (like I did in an email, rather than ranting here on Yelp.. which we all may or may not be guilty off.. errrr.. ).Anyway, I hope to try their little shop next time.. but so far, this bread company is up there on my list of favorites.
4	Unfortunately their store doesn't really stand out from the road. I have driven past here numerous times and never noticed it.  Then again, that is pretty standard for strip malls here in AZ.  At least there is yelp.  It's located on the opposite side of the street from the Wells Fargo, under the big ESPRESSO sign. This is a cool place that has a few tables inside and outdoor seating and have breakfast breads and lunch sandwiches.The Mochas are pretty great here and so far there has been no line and very quick service.  I had a Morning glory muffin that was very good and my dog enjoyed the dog biscuits I got him.   If you are headed down Warner in the morning or afternoon you should stop in.  Not sure if it was a special for St. Patty's day, but the Guinness and Gouda bread is awesome.Try: - Mocha- Morning Glory Muffins- Guinness and Gouda Bread ( Hope it's not just a St. Patty's thing )- Dakota Bread
4	This is a very nice bakery.  They have other stuff, too (like soups and sandwiches), but the breads are the stars. And the cinnamon roll is competitive with the likes of Cinnabon.Numerous breads available.  I like the high 5, but they have some others that are high fiber whole grain breads too.  Their breads are very flavorful...not like that white spongy mass-produced stuff.
5	This is a very different place. I found it through a friend who had been wanting to try it out for quite a while now.So we came here for lunch. A nice little place inside a strip mall.It is a Bakery, and also a restaurant.  I got a chicken Sandwich. with avocado.The thing with the Avocado,it is a spread, rather than slices,so it is a little different.We chose to eat inside,as it was a roasting hot day ,as always. My friend ordered the Turkey sandwich. Why, because, our server, (who was great) told us there was something in the chicken that had not been Identified as Gluten free. I thought that was really fabulous of her to share that. My friend has a huge Gluten intolerance. So that info was very good to know.I bought a loaf of the Gluten free bread to go. It was Buckwheat, and very good,it makes great toast. Lots to have here at this bakery and you can get it to go if  you like.I highly recommend it. They were even doing a bakery tour for a group of preschoolers. I thought that was very nice.
4	Amazing sandwiches!
5	Cozy, friendly -- and wonderful bread. Cream cheese frosting on the cinnamon buns is so yummy! Free samples too!GH is the kind of business that neighborhoods need.
3	I had plans to meet a friend here for breakfast and arrived a bit early so I went inside to take a look and grab a drink. It's a cute little restaurant, with a lot of local products in the front available for purchase and you can look into the kitchen to see all that they are baking. If you're looking for a big breakfast menu, you're not going to find it here. Besides the baked goods, they just have 4-5 breakfast sandwiches. I ended up just getting an iced chai and met my friend elsewhere, but when I am back on a bread kick I will stop by and give them a try.
4	Babka like my grandmother used to make. The challah is right up there too. Sandwiches are tasty and large. Service is friendly. All in all very good
2	$6.79, $7.89, $9.99 - no, those aren't the prices of sandwiches, but of loaves of bread. This was a nice little shop and the owners and staff are really nice. They even gave me a tour of the kitchen and cooking area for some reason. I saw lots of milled flour and big ancient mixers. I would have liked to see the bread at $3-$4 because that is what most people will pay for higher end bread. There are plenty of gourmet or unusual styles of bread at grocery stores and they are baked somewhere and I have not seen any of those over 5 bucks. I sampled the Extreme Cinnamon Swirl bread, but perhaps because it wasn't heated, it just didn't taste extreme, but at 9 bucks a loaf, that was kind of extreme. My only purchase was a lemon bar, but I couldn't make it past two bites due to over-flouring on top and no real lemon taste anywhere else. This lemon bar was missing the lemon part on the bottom, but they tried to fold it into the bar which didn't work well.
5	This is a great little eatery. It is a very welcoming spot starting from the curb.  They staff is very friendly and the service is excellent.  They also offer you a free slice of bread - yummy.     It's known for its bread but it has both breakfast and lunch sandwich items on the menu.  The pastries are wonderful especially the cinnamon roll covered with cream cheese frosting.  They also have organic chocolate, gluten free items and a nice variety of specialty butters.There are tables to eat at both inside and outside the store.I took  my dog Caesar there this morning and we both had some free bread.   Super delicious.
5	Great stuff!   My "go-to" favorite is Honey Whole Wheat, but the Jalapeno Cheese is fantastic, and the Apple Scrapple is just delightful.   I recently tried blueberry cheesecake bread.  This is "Heaven in a Bread Store!"
4	Food: Their bread is fantastic! They've got free samples and plenty of choices of bread, and it's all fresh.Sandwiches, both cold and hot, have the perfect balance between bread and middle ingredients.Service:Every time I've been there, the service has been extremely helpful and friendly. Perfect!The Restaurant Itself:The restaurant is air-conditioned and comfortable inside. The decor is low-key without feeling cheap or tacky. There are about five inside tables and two outside tables.Why Not Five Stars?In terms of value, I feel like I get what I am paying for. I would prefer $6 sandwiches, but that may not be possible while maintaining a decent profit margin, so they don't lose the star there.The breads rotate frequently enough, but the sandwich group is pretty small and does not change very often. I don't care at all about the overpriced specialty products being sold as "Gourmet Grocery." I would prefer that space be devoted to seating or even an ice cream novelty freezer.This is a solid choice of restaurant. If they ever devote more attention to that part of their business, I'll happily give them five stars.
4	Great Spot! Great food, wonderful, friendly staff!!!!!Only negative was all the eating area was pretty dirty, just needed a little TLC in the cleaning department.
2	Having worked at a local bakery/cafe/sandwich shop similar to this in Tucson when I was younger, I can say that I was extremely disappointed with he portions of my sandwich. This was my first visit, and it will take me some convincing to return. First impressions make an impact.I ordered a Cobb sandwich on Tuscan Garlic bread. When someone orders a whole sandwich, you would expect two halves, right? I ordered this sandwich to go with intentions of splitting it with my girlfriend when I got home. Upon arrival, I found one half of a sandwich, about the size of... well, half of a normal sandwich. I called to ask if there was a mixup or if they could do anything about it where they politely explained that when they slice from the the middle of a loaf, they only make one half for a full sandwich. So is that luck of the draw? I was not offered any compensation or refund except "maybe a cookie" on my next visit. That being said, $8 for half a sandwich left distaste in my wallet and no taste in my mouth (because I let my lady have the half). Employees need to inform customers of these sorts of things in the future. Oh well.
5	Yo, they gave me a free sample of the cinna swirl bread. Bribery with food? My kind of people. Excellent food and service. They had elementary age kids in the back for a "field trip" baking bread, but I'm pretty sure they're using them for child labor. The kids' salty tears must be the secret ingredient.
5	Yo, they gave me a free sample of the cinna swirl bread. Bribery with food? My kind of people. Excellent food and service. They had elementary age kids in the back for a "field trip" baking bread, but I'm pretty sure they're using them for child labor. The kids' salty tears must be the secret ingredient.
3	The people are very nice and the bread is great. However, if you're there for a meal, there us always a long wait even though it's never busy.Sandwiches are about the size that you would make at home. Acceptable, but probably not worth the more than $8 price tag. Especially considering that drinks and sides are not included.I have visited five times at this point, because it is very conveniently located near my workplace. The experience has been fairly consistent.One item of note: I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich once. Instead of deli meat, it had strips of chicken that I'm fairly certain came out of a can. I would not recommend that sandwich.The others have been good or very good.
5	Best honey whole wheat bread you can find.  They also make a wonderful variety of fun breads like the breakfast blast (made with bits of dates), spinach feta, and peanut butter chocolate chip bread (best trail snack ever!).Sandwiches and salads are also fresh and delicious.They're also very friendly and will even bake by request.
4	My family has been going to the location in Tempe for about 6 months.  We come here about once a week for lunch.The store has indoor and outdoor seating available which is nice in the cooler months.  Unfortunately, it does not have a lot of indoor seating which means during lunch hour in the summer, you might have trouble finding an indoor table especially if you have more then 2 people in your party.  The parking lot is also small and crowded, but that is just a result of the shopping center they are located in.The food here is really good.  They often are giving free samples of the bread out when we come in.  I would say the food is moderately healthy.  The spicy turkey sandwich is really good as is the tuscan chicken sandwich.  They do have a lot of sweet treats though here like yummy lemon bars, giant cookies, and ice cream sandwiches.  I would give the food five stars for taste definitely!Why we give it 4 stars over all is the service.  It is sometimes hard to get the staff's attention as they are too busy chatting with each other to attend the register.  They forget to give you your cookie or iced tea.  They are really slow to help you out sometimes.  I wouldn't recommend coming here on your lunch hour if you have to go back to work as you might not get fast enough service ie. 30 min + wait for your meal.  If you are retired or just going over to chat with your friends and eat a leisurely lunch, it is fine.
5	This was my first time stopping at Great Harvest. I loved the breadboard and the fact that their gluten free breads and cookies are freshest on Tuesday and Wednesday was an additional plus. I got the 3 seed hummus sandwich and it was so good, loved the veggies. Next time will get a bigger beverage though. I forgot how dry sandwiches especially Gluten free ones can be.
5	I thought I had review for this place a long time ago. Obviously, I have not done my part to give this company a 5 stars. This is the place I will think about first, when I am hungry. They sandwich are fresh made in front of you. I alway ask them to toast my sandwich, so they taste even better than cold. I also like to add 2 extra shots to my 32oz. super sized iced soy latte. It's the best combination. Looks like there will be a new Starbucks cross street, but the coffee at Great Harvest Bread is still my favorite choice.
5	Leslie and her family took time out of their long day to teach our girl scout troop about the art of bread making today.   They were kind and generous to us.   What a wonderful experience for our troop.   We are very grateful.   And the Apple bread is so yummy! Love the value this business brings to the community.  Thank you Great Harvest.
5	Delish! Bread samples are so good, the sandwich was amazing and they make will make a recommendation  on what kind of bread would work best for the sandwich you want!
