4	Hot, sweaty, oppressive.  Three words that best describe the June climate in Charlotte - and the locals were saying the June weather is typical August weather.  Note to self - never go to Charlotte in August.  But if you're cranky from the heat, or just need a treat, DQ is your best bet.We hit up this location on a Saturday evening and it was packed - classic car hot rod guys, families, and sweating-buckets outta-towners.  It took a while to get up to the one window that was taking orders and a bit to get it, but damn was it worth the wait once you did.The crew behind the counter was chatty and hilarous.  Lots of fun to watch them bark orders at one another.Same priced as any other DQ, of couse my pal Ben ordered a Blizzard with every possible mix-in turning into the most expensive, medium-sized, ice cream thingy ever so I made him promise me it would be the best Blizzard ever and if he got an ice cream headache he'd have to eat it faster.Good folks, good treats.
3	I've been intrigued by this Dairy Queen ever since I moved to Charlotte. It is the ultimate old school joint with the Eskimo kid holding an ice cream sign on top. Plus who doesn't love ice cream or a blizzard every now and then? Being the history buff I am, I had to research and turns out this is the oldest location left in NC and the third oldest in the Southeast--cool info!I stopped here the other day to order a Mr. Misty but I guess that name has now changed to something more hardcore, like the Artic Rush (which personally, I think sounds like a Vin Diesel movie) but when I got my cherry Artic Rush, everything was right in the world and I felt like a piece of childhood was in my hands.
4	This location has been here since the 60's-70's and is as much a part of the landscape of the west side since before I-77 and I-85 were even interstates.Wilkinson Blvd use to be the main road into and out of Charlotte, and this is when you knew you were getting close to downtown Charlotte.The building is as much a piece of history, and has not changed much over the years.This is the way it has always been at this location.....you wait in a line, place your order, and enjoy the nice tast of DQ heaven under the sun under a few covered patio tables.The service is fast, friendly, and the prices while somewhat higher than the early days, still brings smiles to hundreds of people every day longing for the simple days of ice cream, moms, and dribbles of chocolate on the shirt.This is just down the street from another iconic landmark BBQ King.Stop by and reminisce the days of a child in the original DQ heaven.NCFoodGuy
4	My friend took me to this Dairy Queen before we headed to the airport lookout. I was pretty excited about it because it's not your typical DQ. It reminded me of the ice cream places from when I was a child and I sat under the umbrella happily eating my hot dog and ice cream. They had a special for a pop, hot dog and ice cream for around $3. There's not much around here and once you get farther down the road it gets a little sketchy. Ah, here's to our old soft serve locations. :) They aren't around as much as they used to be, that's for sure. I'd much rather have something like this place than a Coldstone any day. (And that's not a knock on Coldstone... I love them too.) But you can't beat sitting under an umbrella on a hot summer day with an ice cream in hand.
5	You scream I scream we all scream for Ice Cream! A Icon of a location sets the standard for all DQ's. When you go here you are in DQ world... The only bad thing about it is when you walk up to the counter to order you feel like your in a Pawn shop in a "Not so good part of Town" because , you are talking to someone threw a small window...
4	What is not to love about this place? First, they serve ice cream! Most importantly Oreo Blizzards, the one other companies try to copy. Second this location is fastest to get to from Uptown. Sure, the location in Plaza Midwood is physically closer but you have to get through all of the traffic & construction to get out of 277. Let's not even begin to talk about the Central Ave train getting in the way of your sugar fix. Take my advice, Wilkinson Blvd is faster. Granted there is no view of uptown once you're here but the important part is the ice cream.Third the staff is always nice and fast with those wonderfully cool and tasty refreshments. Technically I know they serve hot dogs too, but c'mon oreo blizzards! Fourth is the community vibe. Little kids roaming around, adults that just want a moment to relax, people passing through town from the airport, long time residents, literally every walk of Charlotte life comes by here while you're ordering or sitting and enjoying your treat.Fifth is the sole reason I'm holding back a fifth star. They have wifi. However the last time I was here it wasn't working. If this place gets a reliable internet connection, I may gain weight working remotely & noming oreo blizzards here!
4	Do you ever have those cravings after an event and you just want a sugar fix. On our way home. We noticed this Dairy Queen establishment which was like back in time. Found out this Dairy Queen was built in 1947. Amazing with the backdrop of the city in the background makes it a spectacular view.Had my first Dilly Bar. Thick layer of chocolate and the treat is the ice cream inside. Reminds me of a Dove Bar but it without all that sugar and at a fraction of the price.What a treat...
