4	The burgers are surprisingly good.Big and juicy and flavorful.Even the buns are better than average.Each patty is half a pound, so you know what that means with regard to the quadruple-bypass burger. (I had a double-bypass).Unfortunately, like a lot of burger joints, including In&Out, the fries aren't as good as the burgers. They need to be double-fried so they're crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside.Low-end beer and wine (Fat Bastard, how appropriate).Having to wear a hospital gown will get tired after awhile for locals, but tourists will eat it up and take many photos to email home.Two amusing things happened while I was there:1. My friend asked for water, and was told they don't serve water because it has no calories.2. A guy got on the scale in the middle of the restaurant, and tipped out at 477 pounds: he was wildly applauded, and of course ate for free.Not the best burger in town (that title now belongs to The Barrymore), but it's better than the fast-food joints, and more fun than Smashburger, so it's worth a visit....at least once.
1	Avoid this place. The burger was good. Not great, but very solid. (In case you like to mentally organize these reviews, that was the end of the positives) The fries were damp with fat and largely disgusting. The shake was frighteningly savory. It's all just too much. Also you can't get a glass of water. What the hell is up with that? The beer list is terrible. What's worse is the service.We waited no minutes to get in and made up for it on the inside. Tons of servers wondering around, and all were apparently just power-walking to burn calories because I have family in Wisconsin I see more often than I saw my waitress. Two identical burgers came out separately. She forgot my Dr. Pepper order. Took us thirty minutes to get a check. We could've been out in 20 minutes, instead we were there for ninety. Waitress wasn't even particularly pleasant.Cleanliness is an issue too. General restaurant wasn't too bad but the men's room is up there with a neglected gas station bathroom. Even the windows looking on to Fremont Street were dirty and smudgy. And if I'm noticing then it's really bad. Also I want to note that I came to this place for the novelty and the charm. That lasts two minutes. That's not exactly right: the charm never existed, it just takes two minutes to be sure of that. Let me be clear: I like filthy moronic offensiveness. This is just the worst ideas off the sixth grade notebook of a particularly uncreative sixth grader. The abysmal beer list features an attractive waitress with the headline "I like it in the can." Are they serious?On the bright side I now appreciate the clever, well-run classiness and cheeky humor that is Hooters on a whole new level now; they're the Bellagio compared to this hovel.
1	I like my fat and calorie indulgences to feel authentic. I love pasta made with butter and cream, I love things fried in bacon and duck fat. This place had all of the guilt for me and none of the pleasure. The waitresses were hot in a Vegas Stripper sort of way and I get the gimmick, being given a hospital gown.  After the first joke though, it wore old. I wanted a water.  They don't serve it.  I don't really like sugary soda.  I should have seen if they had coffee. They do not take card, just cash.  They give out free food if you are over 350 lbs.  After awhile it felt less and less authentic until it felt like some cheap mockery of a diner experience where the joke was on me. The meat is good. Have to say my cousin and I split one burger between us. I barely could eat a quarter of their smallest burger. The shakes are super rich but seriously - the butter on top made me loose my appetite for it. Fries should be fried in something that has a taste - not lard. Lard is useless for cooking, it's not nearly as tasty as bacon fat or duck grease or  any number of oils out there. I wouldn't go back. I would save my calories for something else.
3	I felt good going in.  I felt good eating there.  I felt woozy on the way out.  Went with the coworkers to the new HAG.  The environment is cool.  Nurses, lots of big screen TV's, a kind of 60's diner feel.  The TV's play music videos from the 70's and 80's.  Thm menu makes jokes about the price of taxes, which our government squanders (or something like that).  This place definitely has character.  Oh yeah, and the waitress nurses are pretty damn hot.The food was great.  I loved my single and fries, which was more than enough to fill me up.  The burger was juicy and tasty, and the fat-coated buns were amazing.  One of my coworkers ate an entire quadruple hamburger (1/5 pound patties).  Our waitress wheeled his fatass out in a wheelchair.  None of us were big enough for the "weight in at 350 lbs or more and eat free".  Maybe my quadruple-eating coworker will work on this.  The service was friendly, efficient, and easy on the eyes. The prices weren't bad.  They don't serve water at all.  I'm not sure that is legal.  We'll see how long that lasts.  Also, the place is cash only (ATM inside).  Plenty of malt liquor brands are offered, but not a lick of quality craft beer.I guess the really bad part about HAG is how you might feel afterwards.  My stomach is currently upset.  My head is foggy.  I'm pretty sure this review will be poorly written as I can't really focus right now.  I mean, the buns are coated in lard for gosh sake.  Hello cholesterol and sugar overdose!Great to experience once, but I won't be making a habit of eating here.  If you don't eat a lot of fast food, you might want to think about eating McDonald's for a week before hand to train yourself up to meeting the Heart Attack Grill challenge.  I didn't, and now I am paying the consequences!
1	This place is so bad, in every way, that it actually ruined an otherwise fun night out for me and some friends. The food is just plain nasty, and the slimy owner will, seriously, throw you out if you don't want to wear the patient costume.  Got that?  You're REQUIRED to wear a patient smock while you eat or be thrown out.You cannot even order a glass of water; they won't serve it to you.  Isn't that funny?  Because it won't make you fat!  (And he can't charge you for it.)  What's next?  A cigarette-themed restaurant?  Dog-fighting?It's a mean-spirited, bad restaurant based solely on one tasteless joke and a prominent location. I don't care how drunk you are.  Don't do it. You'll be very sorry.Let me just summarize: this is the worst restaurant, novelty or otherwise, that I've ever had the misfortune to patronize.
1	My opinion?? Skip this joint. Of course everyone knows about this place by hearing it on Travel Channel or Food Network but it's not all it's made out to be. The theme is funny and they play good music. I'll give it that much. That's what the 1 star is for. Pros: -Funny themeCons:-Icky smell when you walk in.-Unless you get their smallest burger you can't split anything.-Shakes are unedible. Like they blended a stick of butter in every shake. (it actually comes with a pat of butter sitting right on top. We all agreed it was the worst shake we ever tasted.)-Cant order Diet Coke cause they don't do anything "diet" -They REFUSE to serve their guests water (even if it's super hot out. Its VEGAS!!!) They say if you want water the closest thing they have is iced tea. I feel that this has nothing to do with the unhealthy theme of the restaurant it's just a scam so that you HAVE to pay for a drink.-Their food isn't even that good.-Cash only.-Their "what you see is what you get" attitude.Final thought?? There are MANY restaurants that are known for their gigantic portions or over-the-top calorie count meals that have better food AND the service and the atmosphere are a million times better than this place. I get their gimmick, it's just executed VERY poorly.
1	Even thinking about this place gives me a stomach ache.Where to begin, The atmosphere was fine, I liked the cheesy music on the outdated televisions, but thats about it . At first their whole hospital themed gimmick was cute then just got hugely annoying. The waitress was completely unattentive and even rude. There is NO WATER, which you will be begging for after a bite of their sodium packed but tasteless food. After a bite of their soggy flavorless food and too thick and rich chocolate shake I was ready to leave. I am a HUGE fan of anything that tacky and greasy food. But all their butter filled ingredients were all gratitious and adds nothing to the flavor of  the food. I have a stomach of steel and this place left me with an upset stomach. AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	First of all I want to say that I didn't eat any burgers or fries when I went. My husband and I were strolling on Fremont St and wanted a desert. The initial greeting was great!!! I thought it was too funny that you have to put on a hospital gown when entering and that there is a giant scale in the middle of the restaraunt. Also the waitresses are dressed as sexy nurses. Unfortunatley for the people waiting for their burgers the grill had broke and there was no food coming from the kitchen for about 15 minutes. I personally think that the wait staff could have handled it better by informing their customers.Other than that it was a fun place to check out. The milkshake was probably the most unhealthy thing I've ever had. You can't drink it but thankfully they give you a spoon. There was also a chunk of butter sitting right on top of the very stiff shake. This place is definatly for people that aren't worried about calories.
4	i don't like the taste of lard, but i love sexy/funny servers & gimmicks.  i got the double cheeseburger w/10 pieces of bacon. it was a nice, meaty, proper burger w/a nice roll/bun.   when the fries arrived i smelled a nasty funk; it must be the lard.  they tasted funky & looked ugly.  my brother thought they tasted normal.  i would never get the fries again for myself.  i was very impressed  w/the selection of tall boy malt liquors on the menu & i got a schlitz . i felt dizzy & discombobulated upon leaving( had to be the schlitz & grub).  this place is outta control, w/super-fun staff & i will visit everytime.  i may just drink at the bar or just eat a single cheeseburger cuz the menu is even more simple than In N Out(wish they had chili & fried chicken) .  we had a window seat & tourists were taking pictures of us & laughing.
1	Burger overcooked, fries undercooked, if you are only doing burgers and fries it needs to be a lot better.  Very annoying that you cannot get a glass of water.  I liked the theme, the staff is friendly and cute in their uniforms.  One time trip for me, I will not go back or recommend.  There are too many good burger joints to choose from.
1	Don't go here. The food is horrible.  Stay away there are better places. I was disapointed in this place. They talk a good game, food sucks. Burgers were very very dry and no flavor, they didnt tast fresh almost like they were microwaved and the bread was hard as a rock.. The frys must have been cooked in motor oil cause they were very dark and nasty looking, they didnt look anything like the picture at all. Now I understand they want you to order a drink and not order a water. I orderd a coke and a water and the waitress says they dont serve water, just stupid cause I orderd a coke also. AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE
1	BURGER WAS PRE-MADE.  Avoid. Went for the gimmick & what I heard was a great burger.  Received a cold, pre-made burger missing half the toppings (1 person in our group ordered no special sauce or onions therefore, no one got special sauce or onions).  Fries were soggy. The waitress came by litterally three times total.  To take our order, to deliver the food, to deliver our check.  She even had the nerve to give attitude to one person who tried to order water.  I understand that is their gimmick but, you can respectfully state you dont serve water.  Beer selection was horrible.  Should've went to Fatburger, at least I would have had taste with my calories.
3	Finally went and checked this place out.  Loved the neon signs and the location of the burger joint.  The ambulance outside and the cute movie posters were very appealing .  The owner/Doctor greeted us but didn't have much of a personality not like what I have expected from all the articles.  Our nurse didn't have much of a personality comparred to the others we saw that were more engaged with their patients.  Ours may have been new and just a little shy.  We sat not far from the scale and saw a couple of skinny people get on it for a laugh.  They have DJ.  I don't know why everyone is saying they don't serve bottle water - I got it. My only complaint was that they didn't have fountain drinks with ice.  I really wanted a Dr. Pepper or Mr. Pibb but the machine was broken.  I did get a coke in a glass bottle and got a straw.  I got the single bypass and my husband got the double.  The burgers were served within 5 minutes of waiting.  They were EXCELLENT.  The cheese had a very good flavor and the fries were very crispy.  We did witness two people get the 8000 calorie burger; 1 was a very large man and the other 1 was a little guy who ordered it for a good laugh.  They also had a really nice bar area too.  It seemed a little dead in there but we did eat around 5PM.  I think they need to add credit card machines and fountain drinks and that is why I am giving three stars.  I have to say it was an excellent burger and I loved the cuteness of the creativity of the Doctor.  I wish the Doctor nothing but success.  We don't want another practice in Vegas to close down.
1	First and foremost this is my first review and I cant believe how absolutely appalled I am.  But, here it goes.....So my wife and I are in town for a family emergency and decided to have lunch because we had a lil time on our hands. We drove past HAG on LV blvd and it caught my eye because of the name and I love a great burger. Upon entering I was excited and looking forward to it the place seems almost like a Hooters but for Burgers. The smock thing they have you wear when you come in is cool and gimmicky for the place but it didnt sit well with me to wear items that others have wore before but I figured hey WTH the waitress we had was very personable and  nice but was new. the prices were very high for such a simple menu. My wife ordered the smallest burger and fries and I was talked into the Quad bypass burger. with like 20 strips of bacon! I asked our waitress if the restaurant offered military discount as I often do when I am on a budget and travelling. She said "Let me ask" upon returning she said "No sorry" I was thanked her for asking. Either way I though it was a good time to have lunch with the wife and a new place so I was looking forward to the food regardless. At this point I was very excited and amused on the place and was talking to my wife about how this place should/would be a goldmine. They offered malt liquor (Strange in a restaurant)in a can I ordered a Tecate she a sugar Coke.Now for the twist of events..... Our food arrived in less than 10 minutes which is great but I was skeptical, The Burger was massive and looked so good but it was warm to the touch at best I had approx 3 bites and noticed the bacon looked as if had been microwaved from being cooked days ago and was the same a spaghetti in consistency-(Gross) The cheese was not melted, The fries looked like they were cooked in old oil due to the almost black color in nature. I tried my hardest to stomach this but I couldnt. I proceeded to flag down my waitress and ask her if this was old vice cooked to order at first she replied yes and then said something that made me raise an eyebrow, she began on informing me and my wife that she wouldnt doubt if the food was old because of the way the owner is. I asked her to elaborate and she said he is so cheap that he makes his staff count each napkin and plastic cup everyday in order to cut costs. She also informed me she almost walked out her second day on the job because of what he acts like in his day to day operations. She looked excited when I asked to speak to him about the quality and preparation of my food. When the Owner/manager Jon came to the table he sat down opposite from me and was very hostile. At this point I was pretty much amazed I would assume he would address my concerns in a professional and couteous manner vice an attempt at intimidation and apprehension. I said I would please like another burger due to the dissatisfaction of it not being fresh. He looks at myself and my wife and says' " In six years I have never comped a meal and it won't be today!!" I proceeded to inform him I simply wanted another burger and I am not looking for a comp. He then informed us that he would call the police if we didnt pay I said I would not pay for a burger like this especially one that i didnt touch. From his demeanor at this point I wanted to leave so i said look I will pay for my wifes and her drink and the beer i did not even drink but i will not pay for this quality of food.At this point I felt threatened and was basically being held against my own will. I said fine Please call the police. He proceeds to lean over and say, You know what " you started it when you asked for a discount" I was like "What"? He then says I cant stand the "F" ing military I was so appalled that he was addressing me like this in general and then he begins to say, I'm from Oxnard, Ca. and we used to beat the "S" out of filthy mexicans like you! At this point myself and my wife are in utter disbelief He leaves and the table next to me were also expressing there disgust in the food and as he saw us speaking with them he said to leave right now we were trespassing! As I leave I attempt to tip my waitress and he rips the money from my hand! My wife and I wait outside for the police THE WHOLE TIME WE are waiting quietly the owner is harrassing us going on a tirade about my race and my occupation being totally distasteful in front of my wife around 15 min later the show up (LVPD) I provide them ID and they are in absolute disbelief they resolve the issue after questioning and bottom line it does not matter the police officer said I had to pay I totally understand and uphold the law but requested that I receive what I pay for (At least I gave it away to a homeless man.BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: 1. DO NOT GO THERE FOR QUALITY OR FRESHNESS  IT LOOKS GOOD BUT IS NOT 2. THE OWNER IS A DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING. 3.YOU ARE WARNED. PLEASE DONT BE ROBBED OR DEGRADED LIKE ME  GO ANYWHERE ELSE.
1	I was somewhat excited to try this place. Then I saw the menu as I was walking in. It looked revolting. I don't want to know that the fries are done in 100% lard and that the milkshakes are made with pure butter fat. The beer selection was less than mediocre. The ambiance wasn't great. Then I told them I didn't want to wear the nasty smock-thing they want to put on you, and they told me I had to. So I walked out. I'm guessing I saved myself several days worth of calories for not much taste. I ended up at Chicago Brewing Company at 4 Queens, which, while it's not as good as the original in Summerlin, still kicks the shit out of the Heart Attack place.And really? You eat for free if you're over 350 pounds? That should be illegal.
3	The Double Bypass hamburger was great. But that is the only reason why I gave this place 3 stars.  The Drink selection is POOR. Only Ice tea when asked for splenda, or equal I was told they did not have, only sugar. Asked what kind of soft drinks,  only coke. No sprite, Dr. pepper or anything else.  The Fries were just ok. but not really worth mentioning. The shakes tasted like you put a straw into a stick of butter, so skip it.  The service was average.
1	Horrible service. I told the hostess I was uncomfortable wearing the hospital gown provided because of a recent hospital stay. She told us that I had to put it on or I could go away. Seriously. That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out. I will NEVER go back here.
1	Wow, After seeing this on the food network I figured it would have a high level of quality, and possibly great customer service. Boy, was I wrong,, THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE, I cant say anything good about this place. I guess I could come up with the environment was pretty cool but, wow, the food was horrible. Honestly the worst burger my girlfriend and I EVER had. Burger and Fries two waters, OVER 20 bucks. Cold Fries, Horrible service, overall a horrible experience. I would not recommend this to anyone. STAY AWAY!!
1	Tracy the manager is beyond rude. They refused to serve  a burger with just the bacon and the cheese. It was terrible!!! The attitude was ridiculous and the drink prices were sky high.
4	I'm gonna have to chime in here since I actually enjoy the food here. The place, for the most part, is still pretty new... and I had no problems with the service here. The novelty of the place is funny, and it is what it is. Gimmick with the hospital gown, nurses as the waitresses, and even a doctor wandering about.Though.. there are some words of warning... they serve unhealthy food... THAT'S THE POINT... nothing is healthy here... so why would they serve diet soda? Yea.. they have water now because restaurants are always required to serve it.. but you have to buy a bottle ($2).. ok.. it sucks.. it's just a regular 16.9 oz bottle of water you can get a big case of 24 for like $5 at a grocery store.. (so $2 is a major ripoff..)So, if you want water.. I'd say just bring in a bottle of your own (not sure if they'd let you, but shoot... I'd sneak in one for whatever.).. Just be prepared ahead of time.... and it's CASH ONLY. another downer and something you need to be prepared for.. The atm there charges $0.75 and at least for me.. isn't that bad... though it's best if you remember to bring in cash in the first place.I love bacon. It's a wonderful thing... so when I found out they had tons of it in their burger.. as well as the fries being fried in lard... HELL YEAH I was excited. If people are grossed out about that... sorry.. you can go elsewhere. And the butter fat shakes.. again.. it's unhealthy.. of course it's on the menu...so again.. if you're grossed out by it... don't order it.. DUH... and btw, i had one made with chocolate.. it was DELICIOUS... you wanna call it gross? fine.. go eat some broccoli with some non-fat ranch dressing.BTW, I went yesterday evening and enjoyed the food enough to come back again tonight. Is it wrong to promote obesity by giving people free food if they weigh over 350 lbs? I actually find that disturbing... but hey.. the food here is good.. and I won't argue about that.
1	Staff is absolutely rude and will kill any attempts to really enjoy the place.On the menu they advertise all you can eat fries and all you can drink coke. We were told this was not the case and this was only there to get people to buy it then they could be charged more for refills/more fries. The burgers were OK but thats about it. The waitress we had was rude and treated our entire party like trash. When we refused to tip she flipped out and demanded a tip as we were leaving. The Travel Channel has done a great disservice by even featuring this place. They do not deserve any business and seem to favor rude treatment of their customers and a "bait and switch" tactic in terms of advertising.
2	I went to Heart Attack Grill Saturday, Nov 5th at 8pm.  It was fairly busy at that time still.  I had never been there before at this location or any others.The atmosphere was seemingly cheap and temporary, like they hadn't completely finished moving in.  They had video screens and wall coverings that set the tone.The food was pretty good.  It's by no means the best burger and fries I've ever had.  It actually tasted like it was bad for me though!  Not that it's a bad thing...that IS their theme...food that tastes good and is bad for you.  And I love that!!It's refreshing that a restaurant will go against all the outside pressure of healthier food on the menu that some other burger joints get bashed for.  And the fact they give free food to people who weigh more than 350 pounds...I love it!However...my rating is only 2 stars...The service was not very good.  When our order was being brought out the server didn't even know if she had the correct table.  She set a burger in front of my buddy.  He grabbed it the burger, started to take out the wooden stake holding it together, and was going to start putting condiments on it.  The server then was very confused if she had the right order at the right table.  Right before this, they had attempted to give us the order for the table next to us BTW.  The server would not listen to me when I was telling her that I think the other burger/fries in her had was probably mine.  She instead grabbed the burger from in front of my buddy (after he had already handled it of course), and then proceeded to attempt to give it to another table.  Now isn't that some sort of heath code violation...setting food in front of a customer, the customer handles the food, then it's okay to give to ANOTHER customer at ANOTHER table??  I don't think so.And their fries FYI are for a specific fry-type-lover.  Yes, they are cooked in "lard", so that makes them taste different, but their fries are the kind of fries that do not get crispy.  They are the soggy, soft type of fries.  So if you are looking for the crispy fries, don't order them.Bacon was the best part.I'd go back, but only with friends who want to try it.  I'd never go back on my own just for the food or experience.
1	Really, really not good.I was really looking forward to this place since there had been so much hype about it. And it was not good even a little bit.I'll tell you too, I eat burgers. I eat a lot of burgers. Probably 4 or 5 times a week I have a hunk of cow in my mouth.So my boss and I decided to take off from the base and head down to Heart Attack for lunch on a Monday. When you first arrive, they throw a hospital gown on you and have you take your seat. This is where the first problem shows up: the waitress.This woman was duuuuuuuuumb. I really hope for the sake of humanity that they make them act like that for tips or something. She was Air-headimus Maximus and would not stop talking. She might be hands down the most annoying waitress I've ever encountered. I won't mention the out of nowhere 70's music they were playing (is it 70's themed? Isn't it 50's diner themed? Or is it hospital themed?), what I really want to focus on is the food.I heard they don't serve water, which isn't true, they serve bottled water, so I got that. The fries, surprisingly, were the highlight. I know some reviews mentioned that the fries were nothing special and didn't compliment the burger very well. But I found the fries to be the most enjoyable part.And then the burger.....I got a single bypass (about half a pound of meat with cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato) and decided not to opt for the 5 bacon slices. I don't know where to start with this burger. Dry/cracking bun, too-tough burger meat, soggy (and kind of gross) onions, and the cheese looked like they laid it on after they cooked it. Everything about the burger looked and tasted wrong, and not wrong in a calorie way, but wrong in a "that's not a hamburger" way.I think one of the lower end places I go for a burger is Whiskey Dicks on Craig Rd near the base, and I went there today and was blown away by how much better the burger was. My boss agreed that Heart Attack Grill is never going to get our time and money again.If you're over 350 pounds, go ahead for the free burger (note that fries and drink are NOT included for you), but if your a looking for a better burger than Heart Attack, Jack in the Box and Carl's Jr. are right down the street.
1	Burgers done one way and one way only. Extremely WELL done and dry as a bone is the only way there allowed to serve them. NO lettuce. NO pickles. NO raw onions. American cheese is the only option. Your only allowed to split the basic 1/2 lb burger. Canned beer only and your not allowed a glass or a cup. Only regular soda available. They don't have silverware either. No credit cards. Cash only. So many rules at this place i couldn't wait to get out of there.
3	This place. I always wanted to go here and finally got my chance when I was passing through town. I was previously in the Phoenix area and was surprised that that location closed down. I found this one in Vegas by accident.Walked in there with a friend around 11, a large crowed just left and it seemed pretty empty. We were greeted right away and had the gowns put on. They were nice and clean, I dont know why people complain about them. The service was slow, infact, no one came to our table for a few minutes, I see this complain a lot. There were nurses out there but they were cleaning tables up. There appears to be poor communication between the hostess and the waitress. Even though they all carry iPods touch to take your order, you would think this would not be a problem. During our visit, Epic Meal Time was filming an episode a table away and received a lot of attention from the owner and a few nurses. A lack of service to us was expected because of this. Nothing terrible.I ordered a Double Bypass with extra bacon. The burger was nothing special. I was surprised by its dullness. I've had some great burgers at other places, for what this restaurant has going on, they should really work on improving their burgers. They lake in flavor. The fries were soggy, I dont know if they were just poorly made or what you get when you deep fry them in lard.Otherwise, the place was pretty good. A nice challenge for those late nights. I really hope the owner sees that his restaurants keep getting poor reviews and do something about it. I honestly think they have a good idea just poorly implement.As far as anyone else complaining about stupid things like no diet cola, or cash only, or that you cant split a meal. Srsly? You come to a place called Heart Attack Grill and complain about these things? Get over it.
4	I was just in Vegas this past weekend, and a friend and I were checking out some stuff north of the strip.  It was lunch time, we were hungry and right near Freemont Street.  We saw the signs for Heart Attack Grille and thought it sounded like a fun place with a good burger.  But, first, we decided to check it out on Yelp just to be sure we weren't making a huge mistake.  "Just 2 stars." . . . "Let's try it anyways - looks cool."  It could have been the pretty girls in the mini nurses uniforms, that tipped the decision their way, but I'm glad we went.The burgers were good, not great, but good.  The single is plently big enough and has like 5 - 6 pieces of Bacon.  Good, crispy bacon.  Servers were cute, friendly and polite.  My friend found a hair in her burger, they took care of it immediately.  Their chocolate shake was super rich - had a pad of butter on the top.  I wasn't sure if I should be grossed out or find it funny - I decided on funny.This is really probably more of a 3 star place, but since there are so many other negative reviews, I'm giving them a 4th to help them out.Don't go here if you are looking for a gourmet meal, great service, or a widely varied menu.  There are soooooo many great restaurants in Vegas for that kind of stuff.  Go here if you are just looking for a fun place with a funny concept.  Think of it like Hooters but with only really big burgers with ton's of bacon.
3	So this is kind of a novelty place...I didn't know that when I went in there.  The skanky nurses (waitresses) make you wear hospital gowns as a bib.  They don't serve any sort of "healthy" food at all (no veggies or diet drinks).  The burgers themselves were great, but I really like the french fries the most.  Kind of expensive, but a fun choice if you're in the area.
1	Oh my God KEEP IT!BUMMER TOWN, USAIf you're looking for the place you saw on TV, do yourself a favor find somewhere else to eat. (it's nothing like the one that was in Arizona)The whole shock value part of it was a little funny at first; you get the gown, all the waitresses are young Vegas girls (Fremont Vegas girls), big weight scale, morbidly obese eat free, no diet sodas or light beer, God forbid you ask for some water. ..kinda funny?  Yeah great, other than that, heart attack grill kinda blows. List of things you're not allowed to do (seriously):Share a burger with a friendDrink waterTell your waitress how you want your burgerTake off the gownI guess I'll start with the burgers: totally not good. Unseasoned beef, stale bread roll,  bacon that was cooked an hour before you even showed up. NO fixings...not even lettuce/tomato/pickles or regular onions just ketchup mustard and mayonnaise.  The fries: I'm all for junk food and all but these fries that are supposedly fried in lard were laaaaaaame. It was a nice little basket of soggy and burnt (which I though was impossible to do) fries. Shake: got the chocolate one. I guess it's funny to have the "worlds most fattening shake" on the menu...but any dork could throw a stick of butter in a chocolate malt. Imagine sippin' on movie theater butter and melted chocolate. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for over indulgence, but heart attack grill is so dirt. Its not even funny, it's just kinda sad and depressing. Save that Vegas money for something else. If this didn't convince you that this place BUMMER FEST 2011... I suggest you read Ruben's review.
2	Ok, there are two problems with this place.  First, the food.  It is only ok.  The fries are quite good, the hamburgers are serviceable.  The shakes are pretty tasty, but not noteworthy.  If you go, you are going for the fun theme, right?  The place has a weird vibe.  There wasn't much energy or fun happening, at least when I was there.  Overall: Ok, not great.  Oh, I felt like I had eaten a bag of cement about an hour after drinking only 1/8 of the shake.Oh yeah, cash only.
4	We went there last night, even after reading reviews!!! I said sometimes people are just nasty and can't find fun in anything! It was fun but more so.... Those are the best fries ever & the burger is really good, they put them through a roll cooker (pretty much well done)so you can't order meat the way you want it, otherwise I'd have a rare one and they'd get five stars!!! The shake is over the top RICH but certainly worth it, we shared, way too rich for one person!!! It's fun, its Vegas and well worth trip... Also fun to see people get on that huge scale and see if they eat free!!! 3 guys did while we were there and whole restaurant clapped! If you're over 350lbs dinner is on them! btw we were there with 5 people no one ate free and everyone agreed!!!
2	The Year is 1993:Hernan N. comes home from school and turns on the TV.On comes one of the greatest animated shows of all time, Animaniacs.The 10-year old me follows the adventures of Yakko, Wakko and Dot(plus various other characters.Pinky & The Brain!The Goodfeathers!) everyday with delight.Right now you are probably thinking to yourself, "Why the fuck is this guy talking about cartoons?"There was a nameless character on the show who just happened to be a buxom blonde nurse.Whenever Yakko would come across said nurse he would shout out his catchphrase, "HELLOOOOO NURSE!"That began my obsession/fetish/whatever with girls in nurses outfits.I'm not talking about those lame scrubs that nurses wear nowadays(screw you male nurses for ruining the way that nurses dress now), but the white outfits and hat little white hat with the red cross on it.To this day, whenever I come across an attractive woman that phrase echoes through my head.I sometimes find myself imagining what a girl will look like in a nurse's outfit before deciding to approach her.Relationships have been ruined due to this obsession(why aren't more women into roleplaying?).Anyway...The Present:I find out there is a new restaurant opening up on Fremont Street that serves frighteningly unhealthy food and the waitresses are dressed like nurses....I'm there, dude.I walk in and the 1st thing I see is a short, busty blonde dressed as a nurse.With every fiber of my being I fight off the urge to yell out, "HELLOOOO NURSE!"She puts a hospital gown on me and I am seated at the bar, attended to by a lady wearing surgeon scrubs.The menu says. "Taste worth dying for."I didn't feel like going overboard for my 1st time, so I ordered the Single Bypass(1/2 lb burger), Lard Fries(wtf!?) and a Coke.While I waited on my food I chatted up the bartender and asked her how often 350+ lbs people come to get a free burger.She told me at least 1 a day, and one night there was 6.Minutes after I inquired, a hefty fellow came in and got on the scale.This contender stood at 6'5 and weighed in at 357 lbs.America, fuck ya.The fries were pretty damn good.I have no clue what lard is supposed to taste like but it works well with fries.Apparently, the bun and meat of the burger are also coated with lard.Lardopalooza up in here.Something about this burger was just not right.The cheese looked like it had been placed onto the burger the moment it had been handed to me, the onions had the texture of worms(Yes, I've eaten worms before.)Normally when one bites into a really good burger, you get that burst of flavor in your mouth that makes you pity vegetarians.I did not experience that here.As I continued to eat, I gazed up at the video wall and saw the sign(Throwing out an Ace of Base reference).The video shows the owner in a doctor's outfit and two nurses shopping for supplies at a Sam's Club/Costco warehouse store.He pushes the 2 nurses around on a cart and comes to the meat section.Now it all makes sense.They buy all their product from a fucking Costco!sigh...I wanted to like this place, i really did.The staff is great, the theme and atmosphere is cool but the food is just not good.
2	I lived right across the street and feel obligated to try anything new downtown.  My boyfriend's daughter was in town so we though it would be a fun place to try.  Maybe they are just settling in at the moment.  His daughter thought the shake was gross which i have to concur, it wasn't sweet at all.  We got the biggest of the burgers just to go all out and were disappointed with the quality of that as well.  However, when we ordered "shots" of Jager they came in glasses and were probably equal to about 3 shots.  So if you order a drink be ready for a hang over.  Overall we wanted to give the experience a try, but we likely won't be back.
3	By all means, this is not the place to go to if you're looking for a gourmet meal in Vegas.   Look at the name of the place and you'll find your answer that this is an UNHEALTHY place to eat.  It's part of the gimmick and as this is in Vegas, it's a good tourist attraction that is made to go against the politically correct attitude regarding obesity in today's society.  They advertise on their windows some of the most politically incorrect deals:  Morbidly obese people over 350 pounds eat for free.  And yes, they have cigarettes on their menu, but only unfiltered.  As soon as you walk in, scantily-clad waitresses in nurse uniform greet you and put a hospital apron around you.  You'll see a scale in the middle of the room and can get the nurses to weigh you, if you're near the 350 lb threshold. You're met with music from the 70's and get to take a look at their pro-obesity menu.Again, these meals are not meant for its taste, but I take it that they try to make everything as fattening and unhealthy as possible to fit the style.  The menu is simple and the burgers come in four different sizes: A single, double, triple, and quadruple with each patty being 1/2 a lb!  I got a single 1/2 lb hamburger (they do not allow you to share any of the bigger burgers) and this was definitely the tastiest thing on the menu. I also got a ButterFat(this is the actual name) shake, fries, and a coke. The burger comes with a thick slice of cheese, tomatoes,  grilled onions, and about 5 strips of bacon.  No vegetables here at all!  Wasn't a big fan of the fries though.  Probably because they proudly proclaimed that they were doused in animal lard before being fried.  It was just too soggy and was as if i were chewing on a soft block of cooking oil.  The shake wasn't all too good either.  They use only cream and garnish is with a slice of butter on top.  I understood why it was called ButterFat though.  Because it was like eating a mashed up stick of butter.  I couldn't eat it, neither could anyone else that I came withI did like their old school styled Coke though, where they use a glass bottle with actual sugar instead of corn syrup.  Really sugary, but delicious.  I did notice that it was just imported from Mexico however.  No harm in that though.So my suggestion is if you come here, don't put your hopes on having a good meal.  Come with some friends, take some pictures, and get ready to play along.  And the experience is what earns this place three stars.  Good setting and overall mediocre food (but delicious burgers).
3	Loved it so the reviews that seem to be expecting something that it is not shouldnt have even stepped foot into here.  It was fun and tasty.
2	This is a total novelty/tourist spot.  By all means, it's something to try out just for shits and giggs.  But it's not necessarily somewhere I'd lunch at on a weekly basis.  Upon walking in, my friend and I were directed to put on hospital gowns.  The restaurant requires that everyone puts one on.  Okay, that's cute, it has a theme...Once seated, and continuing with the shtick, we were informed that they don't offer water, any diet beverages, or splenda/equal, etc. for iced tea.  I sort of get the diet soda but no water?  I foresee that being uncomfortable in the summer when it's really hot here.  My friend and I split the smallest hamburger and fries.  (We're two smaller chicks.)  The hamburger was decent, nothing special.  For the price, you can definitely find a better burger in this town.  The fries, however, were kinda gross.  In my opinion, fries fried in duck fat is simply unnatural and tasted funny.  I mean, I grew up eating certain foods fried in lard, particularly at my grandmother's house, so it's not exactly an unfamiliar taste.   Who knows, maybe I've grown conditioned to fries fried in certain types of oil.  The fries were also soggy.  I can't quite put my finger on the taste, but suffice it to say, I won't be ordering fries there again.Would I go again? Meeh...probably not...maybe, just maybe, with OOT family or friends.  But there'd have to be A LOT of arm twisting.   Oh yeah, they only take cash (no credit/debit cards) and they don't validate Fremont Street parking.
2	I had great expectations and was let down! This is one of those places you want to visit and check off your list but not necessarily repeat all the time. The vibe in the restaurant was pretty low. The staff seemed to just be going through the motions and NONE of the flair portrayed in the website exists within the four walls of the restaurant. They do NOT have a fry bar and the nurses do not seem like the ones photographed on their advertisement.Now onto the food: Good burgers, but they could be better if you could order them medium (they are all well done) or if you could customize the toppings. They fries are very tasty and their shakes look awesome (didn't have one this time).One thing that was disappointing... THEY DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS! You have to use their ATM if you are not carrying any cash. One advice to the owner...TAKE CREDIT CARDS!
5	I visited the Heart Attack Grill in Phoenix a few times, and was really excited when Dr. Jon brought the concept here.  I love this place.I've read through all of the reviews here, and the responses seem to indicate people who don't get it.  This place UNABASHEDLY is what it is.  If you don't like it, go somewhere else.  *****There are a few of the common points in these reviews I'd like to respond to - #1 - Price - I think this place is very reasonable for what you are getting.  The single burger is a half pound, comes with fries, and runs about $7.50.  It's about $2 more than a large McDonald's value meal, and that $2 is paying for the atmosphere and a better overall quality of food.  #2 - Burgers - Are you going to get a Gourmet burger?  No.  But you'll get a REALLY good fast food burger.  If you are expecting a 5 star burger here, you are at the wrong place.  The Heart Attack is essentially a really fun, upscale FAST FOOD joint.  Think "In-n-out" rather than "Gourmet Burger."  Do you get to choose how well done the burger is, or what kind of cheese it has?  Nope.  But you can't do that at McDonald's or Wendy's either.  If you are looking for fancy, this place isn't for you.#3 - The Fries - I like the taste of lard cooked fries. (Have since I was a kid)  They do tend to be a little soft and chewy as opposed to crisp, and they have a very different flavor than fries cooked in vegetable oil.  Again, this place is what it is.  If you are expecting McDonald's style super crispy fries, you're out of luck, but give this a try, and you may find you enjoy them.  (I do miss the unlimited fry bar.  They had it in Phoenix, and opted not to bring it to Vegas)#4 - Milkshakes - Don't think milkshakes.  Think old school East-Coast frozen custard.  These "shakes" are VERY rich, very creamy, very thick, and just enough sweet to make them wonderful without being overpowering.  They are IMHO the best thing on the menu.  I prefer the vanilla.  The chocolate ones use actual cocoa powder, so they have a semi-sweet, dark chocolate kind of taste, which I find a bit bitter, but my wife loves.  Just scoop the little pat of butter out of the way (the same way you'd remove the umbrella from your alcoholic beverage) and dig in to the creamiest ice cream you've ever had.#5 - Service - I can't speak to the problems that others have mentioned, as I've never had a problem here.  I visited the Chandler location 3 times, and have been to the Vegas location 3 times.  In those 6 visits, I've never had a wait to get a table, and I've never had less than perfect service.  If Dr. Jon is there, he always comes out and welcomes us, and has twice sat and talked with me at length about the restaurant and marketing and business.  (much like the conversation described by Steve F. above)  He's always been very pleasant and a lot of fun.#6 - Theme - Yes, you have to wear the gowns.  It's part of the fun.  No, they don't serve diet.  Diet soda misses the WHOLE POINT of the place.  You CAN order water, but it comes in bottles.   People...this place is a celebration of excess and fat and tasty food and obesity.  It flies in the face of "healthy" and says right on the front door that this food is going to kill you.  Why would you be surprised that the food is grease laden, artery clogging, fattening goodness? Don't go to a strip club and complain about nudity.  Don't go to a bar and complain about alcohol.  Don't go to a casino and complain about gambling, and for God's sake, if you go to the HEART ATTACK, expect to get over the top fatty food in a fun, cheeky environment...and don't complain if that's what you get when you are there.
4	The atmosphere and staff were very plesant and easy to talk to.   Ordered the double and it was more that I could handle.   The fries were awesome.  Made the mistake of ordering a diet coke...  They don't sell anything that's not full of calories.  They even put a pat of butter on top of the milkshake.  Wish this place was franchised so that we could have one here.
5	I like this place! Anything any health nut deems unhealthy I'm there. The burgers are good, fries are awesome and the owner of the joint is kick ass! I'm just these days everything gives you cancer and if I'm going to die well dammit Imma go out happy and full of delicious greasy food! Btw I'm 5'8 and 140lbs, so all of you rabbit food veggie losers can suck it. And they only take cash...the way it should be! Fuck plastic! Plus the ATM is only $.75 and whatever wack ass fees your bank charges. So stop whining and complaining and feed your face.
1	We had been really excited to try Heart Attack Grill ever since seeing it featured on some Travel Channel show in 2010 some time. So when we learned that Heart Attack Grill was opening in Vegas on Fremont street, it was ON!Flash forward to this past weekend. We stayed in Las Vegas and decided to make a trip to Heart Attack Grill for Christmas Eve dinner. Not your typical dining choice for one of the most special nights of the year; then again, Vegas isn't exactly the first destination folks think of for the holiday, either. So... It was par for the course!Our journey down Fremont Street was one of excitement and anticipation. We were finally on our way to bad food ground zero! When we arrived, we took pictures of the front of the restaurant, including he parked ambulance in the front; funny stuff so far. Inside, we were greeted by a "nurse" who didn't even bother standing up from her seat behind the counter until we made it clear we wanted to eat. Weird. The restaurant was very empty. A few families were there, but it felt very cold and odd. To give them the benefit of the doubt, it WAS Christmas Eve. However, the design and execution of the place just isn't welcoming or even amusing. It's bad. An empty bar and walls filled with huge monitors that were so dim, they'd have looked better turned off. '80s music played along with their music videos on one wall. I guess that means the '80s were the flashpoint of shitty, greasy food. Or not. Who knows? Or cares. Our waitress was a nice gal, and we thanked her for working on Christmas Eve. However, a nice server doesn't make a crap restaurant much better than it is. Food ordered included a Single Bypass with lard-fried fries and a bottle of Coke. Bottle of Coke = no refills, and The Heart Attack Grill does NOT serve water unless you want to BUY a bottle. The fries we envisioned were golden and crispy, like McDonald's back in the day. Heaven, right? Wrong. They were limp and soggy, fried with their skins on. Not tasty and the texture was just nasty. The burgers were OKAY. Nothing great. It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger. The cheese slices were sandwich slices, the crease from the individual plastic wrapper impression could still be seen. Classy. Finally, the dessert of choice was a butter fat milkshake, vanilla, with an entire bar of butter blended into it for good measure. We shared and ate with spoons because the consistency is more like ice cream than a shake. And so... about half way, we decided that the taste of butter really overpowered the vanilla. That wasn't a good thing. When I finally put my finger on it and said, "This tastes EXACTLY like a Buttered Popcorn Jelly  Belly," that signaled the end. Because that IS what they taste like. Gross. Not even sweet. Just gross. The bill came to $30 for the two of us. Heart Attack Grill doesn't take cards, only cash. I thought the cheap-ass Asian places in Alhambra were the only ones that pulled that crap these days. But anyway.We paid and walked out feeling like we'd been had. The waitress was fine and friendly, but the others (including a guy dressed like a doctor) walked around the place NOT interacting with guests, NOT making jokes or being lively. They just walked back and forth like zombies; the perfect environment to be wild, rude and crude. But no - total ambience fail. I honestly don't think Heart Attack Grill will survive very long in Vegas. There are too many dining choices. Especially when there is NO feeling of experience of even humor when you eat at the Grill. Just zombies taking your order with iPhones and hurrying back to doing nothing (or in the case of the hostess, sitting on her ass). What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us. To say we were let down is an understatement. I'd never recommend this place to anyone. The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.
4	All of the bad reviews confuse me.. I expected a ridiculously cheesy, over the top, fat-laden meal.. and that is what I got! Yup, its' gimmicky, yup, it's high calories, but I feel like all of that should come as no surprise! I think the "theme" if you will is entertaining and fun. Wearing a hospital gown was pretty funny (you get to keep it if you let the nurses spank you!), watching the nurses dole out spankings was pretty hilarious, and I loved how the bill had "medical procedures rendered" printed on it. Our service was great. Friendly nurse. Food came relatively quickly. No complaints!We started our meal with the chocolate butter cream shake and added a "shot" of whipped cream vodka. It turns out the "shot" was actually 3.5 shots, thus earning the drink the title of "strongest frozen drink on Fremont". I don't know if they really are the strongest drink on Fremont, but I do know it was the TASTIEST frozen drink on Fremont. If you are childish enough to enjoy whipped cream vodka (I am!), then you will definitely appreciate the delicious combination! There was no pat of butter in my shake (which was fine by me). We split the single bypass (1/2 pound) and an order of fries. I LOVE that they cook their fries in lard (as all fries should be cooked!), and damn were they delicious. Perfectly crisp. The burger was very good as well. Definitely not "best burger in Vegas" material, but a great burger. Overall, please don't come here if you don't have a sense of humor and don't enjoy high fat food. The food tastes much better if you are drunk - in fact eating a burger wearing a hospital gown should probably only be done while intoxicated.
2	I tried Heart Attack Grill on January 2nd.  Kind of like a one last send off before cutting back on calories this year.  I thought this would be the perfect place to go out with a bang.  I knew it would be a gimmick kind of place before arriving.  I had seen it on TV.  I had read some reviews.  I was unaware of the hospital gown as required attire.  I kind of got a kick out of that.  I was joking with the "nurse" about it feeling  draft up my back side.  After being seated the nurse explained the "procedures."  My order was placed quickly via cell phone in the nurses hand.  I ordered a single bypass burger with bacon, a coke and a side of fries.  Fries were not served with as one reviewer has stated.  They were an extra $2.  When my food arrived (after being apologized to for the delay numerous times), I noticed my burger with lettuce, tomatoe, pickes, cheese and bacon.  Again, different than a previous review.  I squirted on some mustard, ketchup and mayo then noticed only three slices of bacon rather than the advertised five.  I mentioned it to the nurse and she brought a bascket of extra bacon.  I don't think I was charged for it.  Bonus.  The burger was good.  Not fantastic.  It was big and filling.  I think I would struggle with a double or larger.   The taste was good.  The meat was charred on the outside with a bit of crunch yet still juicy on the inside.  The fries were not my style.  I never use ketchup on fries but needed to this time.  They had a burnt taste and little salt.  It reminded me of In-N-Out Fries.Over all, this is a fun place to visit once.  The service was good.  The atmosphere was interesting.  The food was OK.  I don't plan on going back unless some out-of-towners would like to try it for the novelty it brings to the Vegas experience.
4	Have you ever wished you were morbidly obese? You would if you went here. If you are over 350 pounds (no lying, they weigh you in the middle of the restaurant) then you eat for free. You walk in and are greeted by a hot girl dressed as a nurse. Every guy's dream right? And then said nurse helps you into a hospital gown, which you are required to wear throughout your meal.They have burgers, fries, shakes, and liquor. That is all. If you are expecting more, you will be disappointed. Everything is calorie-filled and tasty, and you won't leave hungry. The shakes have a pad of butter on top and are around 2000 calories.They only take cash but have an ATM in the restaurant with a small 75 cent service fee.If you don't get a heart attack from eating their food, you will definitely get one from looking at the waitresses.This is definitely a fun place to go if you are in town, but I definitely wouldn't come here on a regular basis, unless I wanted to gain a bazillion pounds.
3	The burgers were quite bland and forgettable and the menu didn't have a lot to offer. But the golden item on their menu is their milkshakes. This is the only reason I would go back. Apparently, their shakes are made with one whole stick of butter! I know this may seem like much but you MUST taste it. After one sip, you'll get this creamy, sweet after-taste of butter... amazing. Also, I thought the theme was super cute especially with the heart rate machines and the scale to tie it all together.
4	This place is not as bad as people say.  I am a big burger guy and this burger is good.  The fried onions they put on it will never make one of my burgers again.  The fries suck, very salty and maybe, just maybe, they were re-fried when ordered.But...........due to the "nurses" serving the food we go from a 3 to 4 stars.  The entertainment is great and they take the time to talk to you.I will be back!
4	This place was totally entertaining. From the hospital gown you have to wear once you walk in the door to the witty commentary on the menu to the sassy servers. The burgers and fries were what I think my grandma would make in her kitchen in the deep fryer and frying pan. They were good and didn't taste like most commercialized hamburgers and fries you get everywhere else. The milkshake was the best milkshake ever (according to my wife). If you love butter then you will love the milkshakes. I'm happy to finally find a place that serves food you want to eat and not care about whether it's healthy. Bring cash, or use the ATM at the door because they don't take cards.
5	This themed restaurant is one of my favorites and up there with Dick's Last Resort.  Their burgers are absolutely artery-cloggingly good.  The fries are definitely different than that of McDonald's or In 'n Out, so don't expect the norm.  Their shakes and margaritas are the absolute strongest and probably best you'll find, even in Vegas.  The servers and cooks and owner are fantastic, happy, courteous, and a pleasure to see and be around.  The funnest thing about this restaurant is the theme and environment.  Notoriously unhealthy food, hospital atmosphere, the name says it all.  And if you weigh over 350 lbs, you eat for free!  Awesome work!
1	This place is terrible, i love the concept its a fun place to visit but they couldn't make the food taste good,  after all those calories. The burgers tasted so plan it was not juicy at all, i mean come on i was hoping it tasted much better than that after the advertised fat content seriously wtf, maybe i had a bad order. The the shake was disgusting it had way to much unwanted flavor after a few scoops u get tired of it , i think they could make like 20 regular shakes from that one shake. And the fries it was the most disgusting fires i ever eaten, i thought it would taste good because it was fried with lard but it don't taste good at all and smells bad . Tell me what is the point of eating so much calories if the food don't taste good why do they have to put these unwanted calorie load when the food don't even taste good. Just make the food taste good not the calorie content higher that's all they gotta do. But still i do recommend visiting this place because of the theme of the whole restaurant.
3	We went to Heart Attack Grill for pure gluttony and it delivered. I expected it to be all gimmick, but I was pleasantly surprised that I did in fact enjoy the burger and fries. I only had the single bypass, but others had the triple with bacon. Bun to meat ratio is quite good on the single. Great cheese and carmelized onions. My only complaint is that you have no choice on the temperature, all burgers are well done. I've had better burgers elsewhere, but I'd never request one well done. Considering its how this one comes it's pretty good. The bacon is very good if you choose to get it. Fries remind me of those I got as a kid. I prefer crisp and fluffy on the inside, but while these are a bit limp they have great flavor. I didn't have the shake, but a friend did. It was so filling he only finished half and had no room for his burger. It's thick like custard and the pat of butter is just a square that can easily be taken off. I expected my visit to be a one time deal, but I would return. Note that it is cash only. A single bypass with bacon and fries will cost less than eleven bucks. Don't forget a drink and tip.Come with a big appetite and sense of humor. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
3	The Heart Attack Grill.  A fantasy of scantily clad nurses and greasy burgers!  Oh this could be soooo great.  It positively makes me cry that it just missed greatness.  Let me explain.First off, the place requires sexy nurses.  Well...  they had uniforms... but honestly I think you will do better at most of the casino brew pubs.  The girls are cute... but seem more like the crew I would expect at In N Out Burger.  I know....  I know... this has nothing to do with food..  but hey...  I didn't invent the place.  I am just going by the image they project.  And this demanded to be rated.Ok.. so the food.  Burgers are good, tasty, and slightly overcooked.  The fries....  well..  not worth it.  But I have to say I love the simple menu.  If you are in the mood for a refreshing Iced Tea or a Diet Coke... head someplace else.  It's sugary beverages, liquor, or milkshakes.  OK.  I'm in!  :)  The shakes are the thickest fattest shakes I have ever seen.  There is actually a piece of butter on top.  Ya.. well...  look at the name of the place.  Overall...  a fun menu.Burgers, shakes, cokes, and a guy getting spanked by teenage waitresses in nurse uniforms.  Overall, not a bad lunch.  It's really not about food quality here.  This place is supposed to be an ultimate male indulgence.  Sexy it up a bit and figure out a way to take credit cards.... and I would add another star.  Make it adults only and we'll talk.Oh ya... if you are over 350lbs you eat for free.  Umm...
1	After seeing this restaurant on the news I was very excited to try it. However, once we actually got there and ordered a burger and fries, I was grossed out. The burger had no flavor and looked and tasted like a hockey puck. The meat was so over cooked, dry and one of the worst hamburgers I've ever eaten in my life. The fries were good, but not good enough to give this review anymore points. It's been three days since eating there and I still have a bad taste in my mouth. When I said something to the waitress, she just shrugged her shoulders and walked away. I couldn't have gotten out of their faster. Every one of us at the table couldn't even finish our over-done burger. This restaurant is a total tourist trap and they could care less if they get repeat business. Buyer Beware, spend your money somewhere else. As much as I hate fast food burgers, it would have been a happy substitute than this crap. I'm very disappointment in myself for buying into this hype.
1	The idea behind the restaurant is very clever and it was a fun atmosphere but that is where the good review ends. Burger is mediocre at best just super greasy. The fries are alright. The only condiments they have are ketchup, mustard, and Mayo. Service. Is absolutely terrible.....extremely disappointed.
3	The experience was great but the food was just ok nothing great
1	Overpriced and overcooked.  I dont mind eating fatting foods but this place is not worth the calories or the cost.  I bought the half pound burger and it was dry and overcooked.  The fries were overcooked and too salty and I love salty foods. If all you have to sell is hamburger, you would think that they would get it right! Nope!!!  You can only order the burger done their way, dry and overcooked.  Did I already mention that cause thats all I tasted?  The only options on your burger is tomatoes or onions.  Thats it? If you want cheese and bacon, well that will cost you almost $2 for the bacon.   For the "single bypass" or one patty with cheese and bacon it will cost you over $9.00.  Also, they only serve bottled water.  If you want soda it is served in a glass bottle so they can charge you extra.  This place is all gimmick and no substance.  There are plenty of places in Vegas to see scantily clad women dressed as nurses and get a bad burger. I would never come back.  By the way, the Heart Attack Grill has mayo in a bottle on all the tables.  That is the only place that I have seen mayo stored at room temp in a burger joint.   I guess if you dont get a heart attack they will get you with salmonella poisoning.
4	I have been "dying" to go to the Heart Attack Grill for years, ever since they opened the now closed location in Chandler, Arizona. When I found out they opened one in Las Vegas I couldn't wait for my next trip to Sin City so I could finally risk my life by eating a burger and fries.That day finally came!!At the end of the Fremont Street Experience, I walked in the door and was promptly greeted by one of the sexy naughty nurses. She put a hospital gown on me and asked me where I wanted to sit. Being alone I chose to sit at the bar and be served by the doctor/bartender. All the nurses and doctors were very nice and fun.I ordered the single bypass, not because I am a wuss by any means, but because I was in Vegas and didn't want to be in a food coma for the rest of the night. I did augment my burger with an order of "flatliner fries" which are cooked in pure lard.Honestly, I was a little concerned about the fries. I thought being cooked in pure lard would just make them greasy, but they were actually quite tasty. They are actual cut potatoes and not processed potato parts like most restaurants. They were definitely my favorite part of the meal.The burger itself was good but unremarkable. I've definitely had better and I didn't particularly care for the bun. Still it wasn't bad at all.The doctor/bartender tried to sell me on the butterfat milkshake, but I am not a fan of buttermilk. She made me a taste of it and I didn't like it, but while it was not to my taste I could definitely see others liking it. As I said, I don't like buttermilk. If you do, you would probably like the shakes.Make no mistake though, the true appeal of this place isn't the food but rather the atmosphere. As mentioned before the staff was all very nice and fun. If you go make sure someone in your party asks for "pain management therapy." I am not going to tell you what it is, just that you definitely should have someone in your party do it, and it probably shouldn't be you. :)Would I go back? Probably not by myself and not just for the food, but if I am with others who haven't experienced it I would definitely take them there. And make one of them get the pain management therapy.FYI, about my rating. I would actually give them a 3 1/2 star, but since yelp doesn't allow that they get the extra 1/2 star.
2	This place is sooo over rated.....I would say go here once just to experience it, but really there is no reason to visit twice.  The burgers were just okay, and the fries looked nasty and were sooooo greasy....litterally ours were like eating soggy soaked french fries.  We also ordered the milkshakes that had a piece of butter on top, gross!  The milk shakes were good (vanilla better than chocolate) but just seeing that peice of butter on top is so unappealing.  I can't believe that this place was started by a heart sergean! Also, if you weigh over 350 lbs you eat for free....just really bad messages throughout.  The whole idea kind of disgusts me.  I mean I guess most places you would go out to eat are prob not much more lean in cuisine than this place, they just advertise it and use it as a gimmick...but it doesn't make me want to go back.  I guess, if there were ever a city for a cafe like this to prosper it would be in Vegas.  Anyway, when you go in you have to wear a patient smock, which is interesting...at least you don't have to worry about getting your clothes dirty....and all the waiters are dressed like nurses.  Also, the waiters take the orders on an itouch looking device, so don't think they are being rude and looking at their phone while they're taking your order!  Also, make sure you are sure about what you order cause once the order goes through they cannot change it ...and warning~! They only take CASH!  But there is an atm at the front of the establishment.
3	I'm loving the whole dress up thing. The whole concept is pretty neat. I had fun! It's great to experience the Heart Attack Grill while you're visiting Vegas and happen to be on Fremont street, but I doubt any locals eat there. Their menu's simple. There's a bypass burger in a few different sizes and fries that's fried in lard. That's pretty much the only options, which is a bummer. I also notice they had mayonnaise sitting out and was wondering if they had refrigerate it over the nights. I didn't bother to touch the mayo(being cautious) and already acknowledging that their food is already very unhealthy. They also have milkshakes that are served with butter on top(yuck!) and they offer a buttermilk milkshake. The thought of that kind of grosses me out. This place is very unhealthy and anyone over 350 pounds get to eat free. Enjoy!
4	The burger and shake was pretty good, but DO NOT get the fries. Not good at all. Make sure and ask the Dr's or Nurse's to take pictures of you and your friends and make sure and get pictures of them. It was fun, everyone was very nice. Went on a Friday only had to wait about 15 minutes.
2	The food was average at best.   No big surprise that there was no diet coke.  The Milk shake tasted more like a cup full of ice cream with some butter.  The staff was friendly and that was a positive. I wouldn't go back but i also have had much worse meals.
3	I am going to add a star to my previous review from a few months ago.  I have indeed returned to Heart Attack Grill with visitors from out of town as I said I may in my first review.  The burger was good again. I passed on the fries this time.  What gives this place a boost this time around is the event I witnessed on my second visit.  This is not in reference to the patient who had an actual heart attack while dining.  To give that an extra star would be cruel and sick on my part.  No, my extra star comes on the wings of a public spanking of two patients by a rather sultry nurse.  These two finished, on their own, a burger larger than a single bypass burger.  One finished a double.  The other, a triple.  In response they were required to remove their wallet from the back pocket, bend over a chair and receive three spanks asking "Please nurse, may I have another" in between each.  This caught the attention of not only the other diners but the people walking outside as well.  It was quite funny. Not to mention entertaining.  I hate to sound deranged by saying that public humiliation is something to be admired but this is Las Vegas.  Heart Attack Grill is bringing the "sin" back to Sin City.
4	I heard about this place on TV and when i found out  i was coming to Vegas i made sure i came here to eat. Located at the at the end of the Fremont Street Experience . I loved this place as well as everyone else in my party  the service was great and the food was great . First  you walk in and you get put in a hospital gown which i thought was way to funny ,the waitress are dressed up as nurses and the bartenders are the doctors pretty cool . there are mixed reviews about this place but everyone has there opinion the burgers were very juicy and had a good taste not dry at all the fries were also good especially since they are fried in lard i had my concerns of them being super soggy and like greasy but i was very wrong .I  ordered the double bypass burger with cheese and my husband ordered the double bypass with bacon and these burgers were no joke they were huge . we ordered a Butterfat milkshake it was SO yummy and so creamy and even had a cube a butter  and a mini Hershey bar as well it was a experience for me with this milk shake .They are a cash only restaurant  but they sell beer and wine and frozen drinks . i thought it was cool the nurses aka our waitress took our order on there IPHONE . The staff were great they took pictures with us and of the group as well . Yes it may be a healthy spot but what burger joint isn't unhealthy lol . Anyway my next Vegas trip hubby wants to come back  so that what i will do
2	My husband and I went here this evening for the experience. Well I have to say, our experience kinda sucked. The "nurse"  who was our waitress really wasn't into having fun it seemed. She was just take the order, and then we didn't see her again until she brought the food, and then not until she put the bill on our table. We wanted to have fun too. Its more hyped up than what it really is. They put you in a hospital gown and then I guess that is it. I had the single bypass burger, My husband had the triple, we split the greasy fries, and split a chocolate butter shake, it made me throw up all night long. My husband was sick after eating there. I checked my pulse on the machine they have, and when i left it was 109. wow. so anyways the food was not to great, I have definitely had better. It really is just for if you want to say you did the experience. Nothing else, And I will not eat here ever again.
3	The metaphore for American glutony reigns here at the Heart Attack Grill. Yes, I can attest that people over 350 pounds eat for free as there were several in the establishment. The burger, I had a single patty burger, was very good. But the fries were cold and horrible. They did not par-boil the potatoes so although they were fried in lard, they were very mushy and came cold to all of us at the table. None of us ate them as we all made the icky face. The sugar Cokes were good, better flavor than the typical US high-fructose corn syrup. Know this novel establishment is just that, novel.
2	I thought the place was cute. The hamburger was delicious. I thought the service was poor. They were all over the men customers. But two women didn't get good service. The French fries were awful. I heard it was because they cook them in lard. I asked for a glass of ice water and she said she didn't have any. Who doesn't have ice water! So I asked for a glass of ice. It's a true gimmick cafe but that burger was good.
1	Yuck!!! White trash food!!!
1	Go to In N Out Burger instead. The food tast way better and is much cheaper!!
2	Really sad to see the move from Chandler didn't improve the ambiance.  A very poor copy of the original.A bike chain across the entrance started the experience off on a bad foot.  The place just looked run down.  I miss the all you can eat fry bar and the fresh veggies to put on your own burger.  There's enough room...  Where's the "stage" with the bar around it to watch the nurses?  This is Vegas and it is lacking the glitz.
5	First off, this place has a doctor/nurse/patient theme too it. The price of the food is decent. Menu is very simple as you can only choose burger and fries. There is no sauce or lettuce which comes with the burgers (comes with cheese, onions, meat, bavon, bread).I didn't care too much about the texture of the lard cooked fries but the taste was good.The only condiments available are limited (ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard). Did not have an option of getting additional sauces (bbq, ranch, etc).The butterfat milkshake has a great taste too it but is quite rich and fattening. Also, there was free fresh made cotton candy. Yum!Service was adequate. This particular establishment has very cute waitresses with personalities which compliment the atmosphere. Veronica, our waitress, did an excellent job of serving and letting us know about the quirks of the menu. The staff made the experience worthwhile.Overall, fun place to eat and quality of food fits the bill. Don't forget to tip the weight scale before and after! Have fun and give compliments to Veronica!
2	BF and I visited here for lunch in November ironically after my ER visit that morning. Walked in and received the hospital gown, but no bracelet since mine was still an original from St. Rose. :D   The decor of the place is really unique. Lots of movie posters with the quotes changed to reflect the overall restaurant theme. Waitresses are dressed as sexy nurses and take your order from an iPhone.  Just a note, this place is 100% fat, full flavor. It's not Burger King where you can have it your way. I don't eat beef, but thought I would be able to just order without the beef on it. Nope. So, we compromised and BF and I both ordered single bypass burgers and I took the beef patty off mine and gave to him.  Single bypass comes with 5 slices of bacon. Fries are cooked in lard, and while he loved them, I prefer my fries crispy. Wanted water, but they don't have it, understandable with the theme. No diet soda, no light beer, no skinny cocktails, all full fat! lol   Didn't try their milkshakes because they seemed much too filling. Honestly, a lot of people think this place is just horrible for your health calorie/fat wise, but you're probably gonna get the same, if not more from ordering a creamy, cheesy, pasta dish from another restaurant, so why not go for the experience? Won't go back, not because of the service, but just because we only went for the initial experience, or unless we go with out of town guests next time.
3	I've been curious to try this place ever since the first person died there. And this past weekend, I was finally able to make that dream come true. It's not on strip, but on Fremont in the downtown/old strip area. They are CASH ONLY!! Theres an ATM inside with a $.75 fee (which is the cheapest I've seen anywhere in Vegas)Let me just say up front that I weigh between 115 and 125 lbs, depending on how far apart my last 3 meals have been spaced apart, and am no where near the 350lbs you need to be to eat free. In fact, I'm no where near what an average person of my height should weigh to be normal, but w/e.Any ways, If you have heart problems, I suggest you stay at least a mile away from this place. If you're what I like to call a fairy, and eat small portions of pretty food, I suggest you stay away from this place. If you're what I like to call an elf, and eat gross things like vegetables and sprouts and w/e, I suggest you stay away from this place. If you do come in, be aware that keeping in line with the theme of the place, they're gonna put you in a silly hospital gown while you eat. And all the waitresses are dressed in sexy nurse outfits.The menu is simple, Like at In 'n Out, if you know the place. Theres 4 cheeseburgers, 1 to 4 patties, with or without bacon. Fries, Coke, water, beer, liquor and lucky strike cigarettes (by pack and by carton). I'm not kidding on that last part. The patties are all a half pound each, and they pile the cheese and onions on these babies.Being a glutton, but not very big, I only got the double bypass burger (yeah, they're named like that) sans bacon and tomato and an order of flat-liner fries. The food came within 5 minutes and after looking at the burger and thinking, oh crap, I started eating. The burger itself was pretty good. definitely not the best, and no where near as good as a "gourmet" burger, but better than any fast food place and a lot of small burger joints. I was really surprised by the quality of the bun. Now, if I had gotten just the single bypass, this might have been a completely enjoyable experience. But I didn't, so about half way through the burger it quickly went from fun to wtf. By the last quarter I was starting to fade. And I couldn't even get the last bite down. Now normally, I can eat a burger with a pound of meat on it and still get a few beers in. The biggest problem I think, was the amount of cheese near the end. It was just too heavy. So I threw in the towel.After some research I found out that their biggest burger, a quadruple bypass with bacon comes out to over 8000 calories. Meaning that the double without bacon is somewhere around 3500. I'm glad I didn't find that out till AFTER. Either way, I might come back here next time I'm in Vegas, but stick with the single patty.
4	Okay, yes it is gimmicky, touristy, and completely over the top, but it was fun and the burger was delicious!  I guess I could take or leave the fires cooked in lard, as far as I could tell they weren't really any better or worse than the peanut oil cooked fries at Five Guys, but I enjoyed them enough.  I didn't go for the milk shake with a stick of butter in it, that seemed gross, but I did enjoy some nice trashy PBR while I was there.  The only reason I'm not going to give five stars is because of the beer.  Cans only, and of the most trashy brands imaginable, which is of course keeping with the theme but I would have much enjoyed a good IPA or stout as opposed to Colt 45.
3	Food was ok. Meat was blah, fries were blah, but a fun experience. *If you weigh more then 350 you eat free. *They only accept cash.*must wear gown and braceletWouldn't come back because the food was nothing special, but a good experience!
2	high expectations.. very much let down. if you're going to have one item on your menu you better make it damn well and both their burger and fries were disappointing, not to mention the really expensive prices. the only thing that kept me from giving this place one star was the experience I have to say it does have a unique atmosphere.
2	You can come here and get a butterfat milk shake topped with pats of butter and a hamburger that clocks in at 4,000 calories.  They let people that are over 350 pounds eat for free.  There's a scale in front to prove it.  That's the kind of place this is.  The waitstaff and hostesses dress like nurses, and you're forced to wear a surgical gown and endur fat/emergency room/heart attack themed humor while you eat.  Think Dick's Last Resort in an emergency room.  Yeah, you have the idea.It's a gimmick, it's in the middle of a gimmicky location in a gimmicky city, but there's something about it that still made me want to go in, take pictures and order a ridiculously unhealthy milk shake so I could take pictures, tell friends, and then move on.
2	You go there for the "experience" ---- definitely not for the food.  Burger and fries ---- average at best; not sure why you'd want to get anything more than a single burger unless you're just trying to be gross.  To drink, it's either Coke (no - no Diet Coke) or bottled water or alcohol.  Didn't try the shakes ---- didn't want to go on overload.  Atmosphere is "cute" ---- however, the "nurses" (who are the waitresses) would be even more sexy looking if they wore white stockings.  Without the white stockings, they look like 50s car-hops with a hokey looking nurse's cap on their heads.Again - myabe go for the experience but the food is lacking.  May be best just to stick your head inside and be done with it.
1	This was my first time in Vegas and me my wife and two year old son decided on the last day of the memorial weekend we would check out the Fremont downtown strip. We looked at the heart attack grill and thought WOW what a cool place to eat. BOY WAS I WRONG!. We had to wait over 20 Min's just to be seated which was OK because the place was busy and a tourist attraction. But after we were seated our waiter messed up a large groups order so it took him 20 Min's to even notice us. After we flagged him down he made us wait another five Min's then finally took our order. He brought our "water" $1.84 a piece because they don't offer free water and then placed our order. The waiter checked in on us 10 Min's later assuring us that we would get our order in five minutes but by this time he took another group of 15 foot ball players. so we had to wait for him to take all their orders and while it was taking a long time another waitress had to bring over the order for us. I ordered a double bypass and my wife ordered a single by pass. Both our burgers were dry and burnt my wife took three bites of her burger and she then said that this was enough. I only took one bite of mine. WE DECIDED TO GETUP AND LEAVE. I told the waiter that his service was horrible and that we were not going to pay. He then ran to the bar counter where the manager was and began to tell him the situation. This guy dressed as the head doctor pretty much said well this is the way that they are made and there is no way that we would get our money back because we ate the food. I told him that this was BS. he then threatened me to call the Security and I had to pay for it or go to jail for a Misdemeanor. I told him to take off half the food and paid for something I didn't enjoy.Moral of the story kids is if you want to be treated badly and have a long wait and over pay then go to this place but if your looking for at least one star service then don't come here at all save your money. We went across the street to the Irish pub and they gave us another burger and even gave us free soda because we were treated badly. I give this place the big TWO THUMBS DOWN~!
3	Come for the experience, not for the lard-saturated burgers and fries (unless you're over 350 lbs. and your meal is on the house).Upon checking into the Heart Attack Grill, nurses slap a wristband and cotton gown on you before escorting you to the cafeteria, where all the other patients are dining. The bf and I shared the single bypass burger + 5 strips of bacon (+ $1) (we can't share the double, triple, or quadruple), but ordered our own drinks. His choco milkshake had a piece of butter swimming in it, I had a Mexican coke in a glass bottle. The burger was bland and dry... luckily the bacon saved the flavor for me to finish my half of the burger. The fries were just as dull in flavor. For food cooked in lard, one would think there would be more taste... after all, we're splurging on the calories already... may as well make it savory!A cheap meal that can only be forked out in ca$h, but if you forget, don't fret, because the ATM in the restaurant charges a mere $0.75 service fee (unheard of and practically free in Vegas!) The meal was entertaining and all the patients were in high spirits, completely unlike a true hospital cafeteria. I would not return for their outrageously unhealthy and tasteless food, but this is a fun tourist trap for daredevils to try :) (those who finish the quadruple bypass get rolled out in a wheelchair)
3	Very good burgers.  Menu is only burgers, fries, milkshakes (alcoholic & virgin,) and fries. You walk in and they put a hospital gown on all diners.  Fries are not so good.  Oh yeah if you weigh over 3 and a half spins on the scale you eat for free.  Cash only.
3	This is the real deal.  If you want a heart attack or clogged arteries; this is the place to be.  I thought the owner of this 'restaurant of death' also recently died himself.  Not a suprise...  Although if you don't eat here every day, like we - tourists from Belgium - do; The Heartattack Grill is an an unmissable experience!  So if you are near Fremont street, feel free to jump in for a scoop of fat fries and a lump of meat.  If you can eat the 'bypass burger' you don't have to pay for it... If you can't... you get spanked with a piece of wood... on your butt.. Welcome to America! :-)
2	I had very high expectations for this place because of the media attention and YouTube videos. Unfortunately, this place does not live up to expectations. The lard fried French fries are average at best and the burgers are just  decent not bad but not great. I must however pay tribute to the Milkshakes. The milkshakes are made with butter fat and are absolutely amazing. Best vanilla Milkshake I've ever had.The servers are all young, attractive women dressed up as sexy nurses. The service left something to be desired though because the main promotion is anyone over 350 lbs eats free. I was weighed by the hostess when I arrived and let's just say, I qualify. After we ate, the nurse brought us the bill and my meal was not comped. I asked about the promotion and she said that I don't eat free because she didn't see me weigh in. After a long debate with the manager, it was determined that I could weigh in again and get my meal comped. I didn't mind the second weigh in much (the whole restaurant applauded me both times, kinda fun) but the waitress was unhappy and made it very clear.Probably won't return unless I'm in need of a free meal.
4	Gotta say I think the yelp rating is a bit low. 3.5-4 is more appropriate. You can't deduct points for the schtick because you know it's there before you go so on to the food.How many patties with or without bacon and fries is your choice. Keeps it simple. Beers are 24 oz and cold. Food arrives quickly and service is attentive. Many video screens with mostly 90's music videos to watch while waiting. Burgers are quite good, no complaint except possibly too much cheese. Fries are nice but expected a bit more flavor from the lard. Milkshake is very tasty yet pure fat. Between the 2 of us we ate about 20% of the shake. Prices were reasonable and we were pretty happy about the whole experience. Would return next time to Vegas.
3	You only go to this joint for the experience. The women are dressed in nurses uniforms which are nice! The food is subpar, you could very well have a heart attack at the HeartAttack Grill! Quick tip: if you don't finish your food, you will get your ass spanked hard with a paddle. Maybe some of you are into that...
5	By far the best burgers in Vegas!!! Yes the portions are huge and they fat content not to be looked at if your wanting to enjoy your self. But a must got to place if yo like people watching and your really hungry after a long walk down Fremont!!! They serve your 24oz. beers in brown paper sacks and love that they do not add any "special sauce" to the bun! The fries may sound like an awful mixture but they are crispy and tasty! A must addition to you burger is the BACON!!! Bun is huge and soft and lite doesn't weigh down the burger! We will be back its a fun place....DONT FORGET TO BRING CASH!!!! they have an ATM there....
1	went to freemont street and seen heart attack grill. We had seen it on tv previousely so we thought it would be "good" because it looked good on tv. At first greeted by staff then gowns and id bracelets put on. We ordered our food and i have to say the burger itself had NO taste of any seasoning at all!. I know the fries are cooked in lard but they tasted bland also. It takes cash only and you have to PAY for water. The only thing good was the coke from mexico and the music! Definately would not go again.
5	Great food and great service, would eat here again! Pretty inexpensive as well.
1	Why would anyone give this place more than 1 star? How is this place even open still? SERIOUSLY?! Ew.Ok, yes I understand it's Vegas and it's fun. I'll give it that. The gowns are fun to dress up in- they do very well with the theme. That is how they got one star from me.However, they advertise "taste worth dying for".... WTF are they smoking? There is SO MUCH potential for this place if they had decent food. I've had my share of fatty foods. They usually taste better than skinny people food. If all fast food tasted like this, I think the obesity epidemic would be solved. No one would want to eat this crap. This place was an embarrassment to fatty foods everywhere. Other places'  fries that are fried in animal fat= amazing. Why? Because they are crispy and delicious. They are fried first in oil and then in duck fat. HAG misses the extra step and just fries their fries in lard in lard. Lard burns at too low of a temperature and cannot "FRY" fries.  HAG fries are limp, soggy, and burned ( AND luke warm). Gross.The burger... 59 cent dry stale bun + overcooked basically unseasoned meat + bacon that was chewy and luke warm (somehow it was stale too) = disappointment. It's not even a tiny bit delicious. It is disgusting and they don't even try. The whole restaurant is constantly advertising how amazing the food is and how it's food worth dying for. No- it's definitely worth avoiding though.
5	Pretty fun atmosphere, when you're first greeted they put hospital gowns and wrist bands on you. All the waitress's are dressed as nurses, the guys are orderlies and the bartender is a doctor.My gf and I shared the single by-pass burger, butterfat vanilla milkshake and a coke. The burger was alright but the shake was the best I ever had! Very rich!A couple of the other customers got "spanked" because they didn't finish their burgers, frickn hilarius!!I would go back for the shakes!
1	Maybe go to get a picture of the place with friends and family standing on the outside scale - that's funny!  Anyone over 300 pounds eats for free!  But the food is horrid - burgers are tasteless and the fries are doused in lard - yucky to the max!  The shakes however are super yummy but you can really only consume about 3 bites of that before you're conscience speaks up and reminds you the calories aren't worth the yumminess.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME EATING HERE.  It's a joke so enjoy the exterior for what it is but don't even think about going in.
3	"Ending anorexia one burger at a time"This is a very entertaining place to eat. I've been intrigued by this place ever since the Food Network aired a small episode on it.. Basically, fat people are welcome here. If you are over 350 pounds, you eat for free. Their menu is very simple. Burgers, fries, and milkshakes. It is a hospital themed restaurant and the servers are all scantily clad nurses. If it's your birthday or you don't finish your meal, you get a spanking in front of the whole restaurant. That encouraged me to eat my single bypass. For about $52, we fed 5 people. That order consisted of 4 single bypass burgers with bacon, 2 large fries, 3 cokes, and 2 waters. The burger was NOT bad at all. The fries were gross. Disgusting. I hate thick, wet, soggy fries. The fries tasted like bacon. Meh!My bf broke a sweat eating the single bypass with fries. I laughed at him. I didn't break a sweat but it took me double the time to finish. i would come here again but not order the fries. The nurses were very friendly.
2	If you're going to put on a show about being the place where the food is worth dying for, you would expect the food to be great. Unfortunately, the Single Bypass burger I had was dry and bland, the fries were ok, but not great. The butterfat shake came in a plastic glass, maybe about a 16 oz. size. It gave me indigestion. If there is a next time, I'll get the real Coke instead.If the food was as good as Fatburger's, it would be worth the trip, but it is hard to live up to the concept, I guess. Even Johnny Rocket's would be better for a burger/fries/shake meal.As for the hot waitresses, the ones on duty were only average, and the mannequins on display were far hotter.
4	Tried the Triple Bypass Burger with bacon. It was fresh and tasty. Add salt and pepper as needed. Fries were great and shake was good but too thick for me. Washed it down with a 24oz Miller Highlife.Must try just for the experience, the kids enjoyed their food as well!
4	Better than I expected!For a burger, fries, and shake in Vegas, I paid less that I thought I was going to.The burger was good. The low-priced addition of MANY strips of bacon was a good call.The fries were meh... I was expecting more, but they were just ok.The gold though, is their shakes.I had a vodka cookie dough shake. Hands down best shake I've ever had.For being a big gimmick, this place was a pretty good deal with good food.The only reason I'm coming back though is for the shakes.
1	Well. We went here.We were greeted by 2 peppy and upbeat cute 20something girls. We were expecting that to be the case when we were sat.Still waiting.Still waiting.Still waiting.I am not lying one bit when I say, we waited 18 minutes and not ONE person came to greet us, serve us water or even acknowledge us.We left after waiting 18 minutes for someone to come over. When we walked out the same 2 girls said, "bye, thanks for coming. How was everything?"I literally walked out the door with my friend as our other friend filed a complaint.They did NOTHING to get us back to eat there, NOTHING.This happened around 2-3PM this past Sunday, 7/9/2012.
4	enjoyable. I didnt like wearing that stupid robe thingy but I enjoyed their food the only thing is that they only accept cash which I found to be really inconveinent.
2	The concept is very unique and fun. Unfortunately the food falls very short of what you would expect. The burgers are somewhat basic in flavor of the meat and have a bland taste. The fries were expected to be outstanding but they were limp, barely cooked and mushy. Overall I am glad I tried it but  not sure it is worth another trip.
4	Burger was very good. Dare I say it-I finally got too much bacon! Real sodas (imported from Mexico of course) and BIG cans of beer including some brands you just don't see in the West (I had a Genessee!). Only disappointment was the limp, soggy, greasy fries. Other than the possibility of contracting a real heart attack from eating here regularly I heartily recommend it!
5	Didn't eat here, but did visit.. been wanting to since I saw the funny videos on youtube about it 2 years ago.  It was very intriguing and I laughed at all the crazy signs on the walls, and the scale that basically told me I'm too fat.   As far as the people in the place, they let me take pictures and were really friendly... That kind of speaks volumes in itself that I wasn't even giving them money and they were just overall very nice.  Maybe if I become a super fat guy I'll eat here.. you know.. to end it all.  But until then, I think I'll hang on to my blood pressure where it is for now.
4	Haha It was a funny experience at this restaurant. My friend ordered the 4 patties burger! I ordered the 2 patties burger and my other friend ordered the 3 patties burger. Customer service is not top notch but it was ok.I will come back to this place whenever I'm in Vegas to enjoy a funny experience again. lol
4	So, we just had to try this place out after seeing stories in the news this past year. There is an old timely ambulance out front which really sets the scene. If you want a big greasy meal in a tourist attraction, eat here. The wait staff are dressed as nurses and right up front is a blood pressure machine and scale if you want to get a baseline before inhaling 1000s of calories. It was sad that Texas was all over the Top 10 list of folks with high blood pressure. We ordered one burger to split, fries and Coke. Actually pretty good but there were much cheaper options in the area. I would return if we had friends with us who are new to the Vegas experience.
4	The service was a little slow to start off, but when it came to the food it was definately interesting. I got the Triple Bypass burger which is 1 1/2 lbs of beef plus 11 slices of bacon, tomatoes, onions and cheese for $14. I also got the butterfat chocolate shake which came with a slice of butter as garnishment. Perhaps I will go here again in a few months after my body recuperates from this time.
4	This place is cool. I love the quirky decor.Upon entering a man dressed in scrubs "checked us in" and put hospital gowns on us an and hospital bracelet. Then we were seated and the waitress was wearing a cute skimpy nurses outfit. We had a terrible waitress. She barely checked on us and as I was still eating my fries actually reached and started pulling them away. I had to tell her I was still eating and not done. There were people in there but still many tables open so I saw no need to hurry us off. I also saw other customers had waitresses who were sitting at the table with them being friendly and even bringing a syringe with what appeared to have melted butter or alcohol in it! That looked so cool but we were never offered anything like that.I ordered the "Flatliner Fries" and they were fried in pure lard. They come out very black looking burnt but don't taste that way at all and were very good. They cost $1.84. I also ordered a "Chocolate  Butter Fat Shake" made with pure cream. It cost $4.62 and was delicious!My man had a "Single By Pass" and that had 1 burger, cheese, onion and 5 slices of bacon. I tried a piece of the bacon and I have to say it was so yummy I am surprised that don't sell a side of it. This burger cost $7.39.We liked it a lot and will go back again.Please note that they only accept cash. The charge for pulling money out of the ATM was .75 cents however my card was charged $2.00. Maybe I read something wrong when pulling the money out.They offer a souvenir menu on the way out but it does cost a $1.
2	We went mostly for the experience. I walked in wearing my in and out burger t-shirt and the young lady at the door berated me for a full minute about wearing it. They were quick though to get us in our gowns and seat us, but we waited and waited and waited for the guy to come take our order or even tell us how things worked. So we had a good deal of time to look at the menu.. I get what they are trying to do at the restaurant but if you really enjoy fresh tomatoes and lettuce on your burger you don't want to eat there. I had a single bypass and a side a fries. The burger just did not have that much taste, maybe I was just missing my tomato and lettuce, but the burger was not juicey and the bun was dry. The fries tasted like they were cooked in really old oil but were better than the burger. Go once for the experiance but just have a shake and skip the burger and fries.
4	The Heart Attack Grill is completely ridiculous and that's why its completely cool. If you don't have a sense of humor or If you're a higher then thou health food nut, then don't go. Seriously go eat your box of triple bean veggie burgers, wash it down with a fresh fruit smoothie and crap your pants all night. But if your like most of us and you like to indulge yourself once in awhile and just enjoy the taste of a big greasy cheesy burger and some fatty fries then get your self over to the Heart Attack Grill on Freemont Street in Vegas. The fun starts here before you even get through the door when you can weigh in on the freight scale right outside the entrance and display your weight to anyone passing. And guess what..if the scale reads 350 pounds or above your meal is on the house! Thankfully I did not make weight and the wife did not either, so after getting dressed up in hospital gowns by the rather well endowed waitstaff ( also dressed as nurses) we were brought to our seats. The menu is simple. Burgers, Fries, Non Diet Sodas,Booze and Shakes ...and unfiltered cigarettes ( seriously). You can get your burger as a single, double triple or quadruple Bypass complete with Cheese, Bacon, Tomato, and Sauteed Onions. The Fries are just one size and are fried in pure lard. The shakes are thick and made of butterfat ( and alcohol if you wish) and are garnished with a hunk of butter. Simone and I both had a single bypass with Fries and It was more then enough food. We both agreed that while not the best burger ever, these were still very well cooked, juicy and cooked through and complete with fresh tasting toppings. The cheese was classic American. the bacon was crispy, the onions sweet and the tomato cut thick. The bun was excellent, soft and yet durable enough to hold up under the Burger drippings.  The Flatliner fries, as they are called, were average and not consistently cooked. They were fresh cut but some were crispy while others were more on the soggy side. Overall the Heart Attack Grill was a lot of fun. The food was good comfort food in all the wrong ways, The service was friendly ( in every way) and the atmosphere was unforgettable. Overall 4 stars.
4	Heart Attack Grill is based on an extremely unique concept, which makes it a very interesting restaurant.When I first walked in a nurse helped check me & my friends in. She put hospital gowns on us along with the hospital bracelets, which stated something about a bypass. There is ABSOLUTELY nothing healthy on the menu. The menu consists of burgers, shakes, coke, fries, and water. I ordered the single bypass, since I'm not much of red meat girl, with fries and a coca cola.Overall, the burger was delicious, but I found the fries to be okay. The potatoes here are fried in pure lard in order to make the fries. They looked a little burnt and didn't taste as amazing as I thought they would be. They weren't that fresh either.The service is okay... nothing out of the ordinary.I would come back here again just because you can't find a place like this anywhere else in the country.WARNING: If you don't finish your entire burger they will spank you.
3	Would have given it 4 stars, however their frozen drinks are lacking in booze. Mighty tasty, but I have doubts on them being the strongest on Fremont. I did get a singl bypass with bacon, and it was AWESOME! I think they forgot to lard up the bun, which contributed to the deliciousness. The theme is awesome, there is a last supper painting with the owner as Jesus, and fast food characters as the disciples. I will go back for another burger, I might choose a different type of booze this time.
5	I wanted the QUAD! yet, I wanted bacon as well, and didn't think I'd polish it off. I hate wasting food. So I received the TRIPLE with BACON. IT WAS DELICIOUS!AND the price is GREAT!Too a bit to consume it.  Two asian guys sat next to us, one guy got a QUAD and one a double, they both received their burgers after us and consumed them before us! crazy.love the wrist bands and the patient gowns.If you cannot make it to your car after consumption, they will drive you to your car. I wonder if they would have driven me from Las Vegas, NV to Buffalo, NY?
1	Its a shame. Funny/Cool Novelty concept. Cool atmosphere.Very original. But....The food was horrible. When I am willing to push the concern of my health aside and eat greasy, unhealthy, fatty food, its because it is BOMB.com good. My Burger...NASTY....Fries....NASTY...shake was good (but you can really only take a few bites until you notice the lard on the spoon). Its a shame. If they could pull out some good burgers, and maybe add some kind additional unhealthy dish (ribs, ribs and BBQ), it would be a cool place to check out. In the meantime, if you have the urge to flush your health down the toilet, I recommend swinging by a McDonnell's drive through. The take credit card, and their burgers and frys will beat this place any day.
4	Came for lunch Saturday, June 9, 2012.Wow, this place only has a 3-star average?? Let me defend my 4-star rating by saying this is more of an experience than a burger joint.  If I was craving a solid burger in Vegas, I'd be at In N Out.  If I'm with a few friends, esp ones that have not visited this place, I'll be suggesting Heart Attack Grill.Park in the structure, and carry your ticket with you (to later validate at one of the CASINOS).As we approached the entrance, I noticed a LOT of large, white folk.  I bet some are from Texas (I've been to Dallas: those portions are fuckin huge. Hm... so was Germany, so maybe there were some German patrons too... but I digress).  Anyway, the point is, I was a little surprised there weren't that many other skinny Asian peeps.When you enter, a nurse helps you put on a patient gown.  You can take a group shot at that point, and they're happy to oblige.  There is a pretty sweet bar with 6x2 rows of TVs against the wall, a long counter with stool seating parallel to that bar, and scattered tables.If you're over 350lbs, you can step on the scale in middle of the room to confirm, and you can EAT FREE.  Kinda cool, and disgusting, yet funny.  (It's not all-you-can-eat, but, hey, it's a free meal).My buddy was the one that led us here that day, and he was out to conquer the quadruple bypass (with 20 strips of bacon).  His girl and I were still hungover from the night before, and we opted to share a single bypass... no, I am not ashamed.  Let me just fast forward and say the fries were way too salty (pass on that), and the butterfat shake was overpoweringly rich (I would totally get it again if I had 3 others to share it with me, as dessert).My buddy... actually, I should start using his name as he has joined the pantheon of champions, along with Gannicus, Crixus, and Spartacus...  Paul P!  It was a great start, and he had to break the burger down to smaller pieces.  I had warned him not to get the bacon, but he was ambitious.  With only 5 pebble-sized bites left, his girl began to say "It's Ok Paul, you don't have to finish it..."I was furious, and slammed my hand down, "NO!"  I insisted he could take it down, "slow and steady -- only 5 more bites!"  With resolve, I encouraged him to ignore the naysayers and prove himself.  And slowly, but surely, he finished each bite.  I felt as Rafiki did, watching proudly at Simba ascend the throne!... well, he didn't finish the bacon, but that was ok.  If he did, he could have had one of the nurses bring out the wheelchair and wheel him out!Anyway, it was fun.  Bring friends that will lend support should you, too decide to set upon this path toward greatness.  There are humorous paintings on the walls you can enjoy, while you catch your breath.  You can also have a good chuckle at the urinal -- I won't spoil it for you.  On your way out, you can also check your blood pressure with the automatic cuff they have ;)Btw, I noticed a few separate people get paddled by a nurse... I think each was all celebrating their birthday.  It was in good fun to watch an elderly lady say "ouch! That hurts!"
3	We were greeted by a doctor and a nurse. We sat down and a doctor came over to take our order, I jus wanted a single patty with no bread. My bf got a double with 10 slices of bacon. He was happy cuz he greedy. I had a old english beer like old school it came in a brown paper bag that read "feeling ghetto" I was like hell yeah..it was a fun atmosphere. No kids menu.
4	I was partying downtown with friends celebrating birthday. After few hours of drinking had the munchies and deciding where to go someone like Hear Attack Grill. I was the only one that never been there so for me kind of excited. Everything about it screams TOURIST thing too do. But hey nothing wrong with playing Vegas tourist since only partying downtown. By the end I was getting into the whole touristy thing with you have too were hospital gowns or not going too let you in (I have mixed emotions on it; we made most of it little food fight sprayed each other with ketchup and mustard all over it), the waitresses all dressed up in nurses outfit, doctor dressed up, wheel chairs, paddle, and some people think corny but adds too the Heart Attack experience.I had the single burger without the bacon. I know going soft but thinking more drinking not overload on food night was early. It was pretty tasty burger. It was cooked perfect. The bun nice and toasted. Talk about size god the single could be doube-double at In-N-Out. Yay it oversized burger but unlike most oversized burgers this burgers had great flavor. It not all about the amount of meat shove down (it is option if you choose) but fact the patties have nice flavor. Different. The fries were good too. No way going too fit in shake. I still In-N-Out guy but if ever in downtown need burger fix sure heading down for some Heart Attack Grill style!
4	Finally got to experience the Heart Attack last night.The experience is definitely over-the-top. Hospital gowns for all. Spankings (paddlings) delivered by nurses, leaving splinters ending up in the seat of your pants. The scale sounding off when a 350+ pound person weighs in. Jello shots in giant syringes. And, of course, the notorious menu.I have to start off by saying that the fries (~$2) did not impress me. They're just too soft overall, not very crunchy at all, and somewhat awkwardly sized between shoestring and full-on steak fries.I tried a bit of my friend's alcoholic apple pie shake. Tasted just like advertised! If you wanna try a delicious drink (note: pay attention to your stomach capacity), get this or another flavor.The burger was easily the best part. I had the single bypass (~$7) with the bacon option (~$1). If you somehow have a giant stomach, then the double bypass and above burgers are great values. I also saw a lot of the girls sharing a single. The burger was pretty juicy, the red onions were great (not if if on their own merit or if covered with lard), and the bacon had just the right crunch for me.Definitely check this place out if you're on Fremont Street. For what's essentially a tourist trap, the prices are not bad at all, the flavors are solid, and the experience is to die for...
3	Heart Attack Grill falls in the fun category.It is fun to go once! I would not go again.We had the joy of witnessing a person "win" a free dinner for weighing over 350lbs!! Win is a very loosely used term in the case :)The food is average, this is more about the experience. During dinner you are dressed in surgical overalls and served by sexy nurses.Warning! Failing to finish what you order results in a spanking with a leather belt!We had the single burger + bacon (if bacon is not an option it is mandatory), Fries (extremely salty) and the butter shake (comes with a knob of butter on top)The burger and shake were average, no regrets. The fries I would not recommend they are sooo salty!Enjoy the weigh in before and after eating! :)
2	I've been waiting almost a year before my GF finally agreed to take me to the Heart attack grill; I'm so conflicted; I wanted this to be the best burger in Vegas but it's definitely not; it's actually pretty close to the bottom of that list. On the other hand if you want a dining experience you get your money's worth so that is where I'm conflicted; First the food; everything is super greasy; cooked in lard/fat and there is no such thing as "diet" or "healthy" here; that would normally be music to my ears and as we were sat and handed our menus I could just see myself going crazy ordering one of the huge coronary burgers but I've been losing weight and didn't want that to stop so I stuck with the regular sized burger and I'm so glad I did; The burger was a very thin patty cooked way past well done and could have been used as a hockey puck. I like my burgers thick and juicy so this was highly disappointing; the bacon was left on the grill about 5 minutes too long as well and the burnt texture really distracted from the rest of the burger.  My GF complained it was by far the worst burger she had ever eaten and I disagree with that but only because I've eaten some really bad burgers in my time; I do have to say this one is going on that bad list though! the condiments on the table (mayo kept at room temp is scary)The Fries were super greasy to the point they were soft. I know it's the theme here but come on guys you have to go with what tastes good over what is the most unhealthy thing we can put on the menu and I was disappointed with both the burger and fries.The milk shake or lard shake or the artery clogging concoction they are calling a milk/lard shake tasted the best but that had a lot to do  with the fact I spent the last 4 hours outside on Fremont Street watching a parade and the coolness of texture oozing down my throat, yes oozing as our meal lasted about 40 mins and the shake didn't melt much you can only guess how much lard they used to make the buttermilk shake;  out of everything this was the best but my suggestion is to pick the vanilla over the chocolate one as it was just too rich for a regular persons pallet; The other thing we tried was a syringe full of a frozen shot/slushy; it wasn't bad either and I wish we had ordered more than one or that they had more than one flavor available at a time; I really think they would sell more of these things if your customers could each order a flavor and pass it along  to the other people at the table; Ok, so now the experience.  The food is lacking in taste and quality so why is this place so crazy popular?  In a country as overweight and out of shape as the USA is; this place is popular Because if you weigh a certain amount you eat for free! Walking in you are greeted by nurses who force you to put a hospital gown on and walk you over to a table; yes the staff is on the OMG hot side so if you have a nurse fantasy this is a good place for you; and guys word of advice is your girlfriend asks if she could work there don't hesitate, just say yes with much enthusiasm as she is judging your answer and response time;  Oh and if you aren't able to finish your burger the wait staff will beat you with a wooden paddle; after what happened to me at another restaurant I was more than happy to point out that my GF didn't finish and that I would tip extra if there was a bruise; you would be surprised how eager they are to whip you like a dog; my GF got one spank for every bite she left so keep that in mind once ordering (yes, I finished mine and was saved) The entire set up is a bizzaro world hospital; there are no healthy products, you get chastised for asking for a diet coke so don't bother trying.  There are great reproductions on the walls of classic pop culture icons and movies all with a burger/hospital twist so feel free to walk around and look/snap photos; you don't want to miss anything;  the entire event was fun and cheesy in a good sense;  if you have some big hearty eaters in your group they might enjoy trying to take down a double/triple coronary burger but all in all you can easily stand on the outside of the restaurant and peek through the shades/door to see everything of importance just take my word for it you will be sadly disappointed with the food as my GF and I were.  All in all our meal was expensive (we did buy a t-shirt) and I won't mention other restaurants by name but if you want a burger you can go elsewhere and get a great burger at a huge savings; I would only recommend coming here if you want to do a food challenge and or you have a nurse fetish/like to be whipped;  I still haven't figured out how I'm going to rate this restaurant; I want to say 1.5 star for the food and maybe a 3.5 for the ambiance/experience.  So I guess if I average that out it's a 2.5 star restaurant? It seems low but I'm sticking with it.  I'd love to have given it higher marks but even sexy nurses couldn't save the low quality of food
2	This place is a cool place. Awesome chicks and cool atmosphere but honestly the food here is mediocre. The fries werent fresh, the burger was a definite 3/5.Overall review is 2.5 starsWe waited 20 minutes for our food and it was kind of cold.
3	Boo, good idea, bad execution. Ladies were fun atmosphere was very Vegas and easy going, but the food is blah at best and. Beer is cheap and you get a lot of blah food though!
5	A great place to eat. The only place that I know of that you can weight yourself before and after you eat. BTW if you are more than 350lb they will feed you for free. What a cleaver idea. One of they rules is that you must wear a hospital gown inside the restaurant and a sexy nurse will even put it on you. VERY COOL. No lets talk about the waitress they were all dressed in sexy nurse outfits and the owner walked around in a doctors outfit. Again very cleaver. Tip: bring your cameraThis is clearly a theme restaurant and the food was great, not excellent. Only because I am not used to fries cooked in LARD. The food is full of fat, but you know that going it.  Real sugar Coke served in a glass bottle.Highly recommend if your in vegas with a group of friends or family be sure and stop at this place.
1	No thanks!I remember seeing this mythical place on Food Network. The idea of having a crazy huge, unhealthy burger sounded soooooo appealing. Also, it was close to home, so I figured WHY NOT!We walked in expecting the place to be BAWMPIN'. Unfortunately, it was lunch, and a weekday, so maybe it was our fault for picking a bad day.The tables have full rolls of paper towels, and bottles of ketchup, mayo, and mustard. I got anxious looking at everybody else's orders, but I have to say that the setting made me a bit uncomfortable. Firstly, I don't like the idea that I'm wearing a hospital gown that was probably worn by hundreds before me,(EVEN IF THEY WASH IT, ugh. I'm a germophobe, sorry) and to be worn on top of your clothes in the hot hot hot summer of Las Vegas... being sat in a sunny area of the restaurant... blahblahblah, I know I'm complaining, but it's what stood out to me.Anyway, I'll make it short. The burger LOOKS amazing, but the taste... eh. I got the double with bacon and fries. (I'm little but I can eat!)I prefer my burgers medium, and theirs were well done, NO PINK! BOO! At first bite, I thought "Hmm, this could be amazing" but it was a little dry, so I added some ketchup. It was a bit better. Upon taking a few more bites, I started feeling like all I was eating was a dry, overcooked, hockey puck of beef, with no seasoning, no nada. Also, the fries... SOGGY and not very good! :( i was utterly disappointed.BF and I also tried the shakes. Very good, but with a big, tasteless burger, and soggy fries, I wasn't impressed.  I think the shakes are the only thing I'd go back for.PS. They only serve bottled water, no "ice water", so keep that in mind if you plan on eating here.
4	This is a joint that I'll visit again!  Not an extensive menu but when you're making something awesome to begin with, why confuse people with other options?Gigantic artery-clogging burgers fully laden with cheese, bacon, grilled onions, and enough beef to make a Texan think twice...  Fries cooked in PURE LARD and salted to perfection (they aren't crispy fries so don't expect them to be).Unfortunately I was just passing through Vegas and I made it a point to stop here.  So I had to drive and had to skip out on the Jello "Shot".  It's equivalent to like 5 traditional jello shots, it's half vodka, and it comes in a huge syringe (which you get to keep).  Next time, I'm bringing a DD and I'm getting 4 of em.And btw, the servers?  Beautiful ladies in skin-tight nurse outfits.  And I know it's probably required of them but they're very sweet gals too!
2	It is sooo bad, but you can't help try it. It's 100 percent schtick, 0 substance. I just got back from eating there, and I'm in a fat coma. The only way I got anyone to join me was insisting on it for my birthday. After eating there I hope I have another.Low quality frozen hamburger patties. All the food seems flavorless, and un-seasoned.  The vodka shake had plenty of vodka, and very thick of butter fat. Service was good, and I did receive a hard spanking. (literally) This is a place for those it college who also enjoy burritos bigger than your head.... And I'm well passed that
1	I didn't go in expecting to rate this with 5 stars.  The only reason I went here was because I was with majority guys and of course they wanted to attack this place. I'm am only giving this review based on the food.   In a nutshell...GROSS.DISGUSTING.PLAIN.You walk in, get gowned, nurse takes your order via iPhone, staff is extremely friendly....I ordered the single bypass burger...I only ate a tiny amount and my stomach hurt for the next 24 hours.  I feel as though I gained 5 lbs just from that small amount :(The fries made me want to vomit...they are cooked in lard.They only serve coke, water & alcohol.  Bypasses stop at the window and take photos of you eating...it was rather disturbing...I will NEVER eat here again.  BUT...if you are looking for a crazy food adventure...or just an opp to say you have ate at this crazy place....go for it!
4	Very good burger, shake is good, fries suck, seems like lard and fries don't mix....finish it all or you'll get a spanking jajaja...
3	September 29, 2012 Saturday - 6:45 PM dinner2 adults Atmosphere - 4 starsFood - 4 starsService - 3 starsBackground - Heard about this place, and we walking around Fremont so we had to try it.Atmosphere - Dinner feel but sterile almost.  Lots of parody posters of their brand.  The whole gown thing is funny.Food  Appetizer - nope  Main Course - The single burger was good, the fries were warm at best.  Dessert - none for me.Service - The whole gown thing is a mess, some people get help putting on and taking them off from the host, others have to do it themselves.  Our waitress was very scatter.  Them using iPads or something similar add the staff walking a "texting", looks very un-organized.  Probably is very effective but it did not come across that way to me.Future - Once was probably enough.
4	Heart Attack Grill.  This place is pure marketing genius.  If you're reading this review, and you're thinking about going here, either (A)  You're looking for entertainment value, or (B) You have a death wish.  If it's (A), you won't be disappointed, it's fun.  Staff dressed up as Doctors and Nurses (naughty nurses that adminster shots), entertaining menu's, mandatory hospital gowns, parody posters on the walls, they even produced their own video news clips.  Marketing guys get 5 stars.If it's (B), IMO it would take quite a few Quadruple Bypass burgers to off yourself.  Just my opinion, your experience may vary.  I had the Quadruple Bypass, and other than a mild food coma, experienced no ill effects.  The food is OK.  Burger was good, and the bacon was excellent.  The fries?  Well, let's just say there's a reason fries aren't typically fried in lard.  My wife ordered the fries and didn't even finish them.My pet peeves:  they won't serve you tap water, you have to purchase bottled water.  If you ask for water, they'll just bring you a bottle of water.  Boo.Pet peeve #2:  they won't let you split a burger.  Naturally, everyone wants the Quadruple Bypass Burger, 'cuz it's the bomb.   Just let people split it and charge a split fee.  I didn't really want to eat that, but I did.  Just to get the full experience. Judged strictly on quality of food, this place is two stars.  Judged on entertainment value, it's four stars.  Am I glad I went?  You betcha.  Would I go again?  Probably not.  If a bunch of friends were going, would I come along?  Sure.
4	Burgers are actually pretty decent. I could only eat a single but I was stuffed after. Totally a "one and done" place for locals, but if friends come in to town ill take them here.
1	Too lardish...not worth your time
1	You have to go here once.  If you survive, you will not want to go again.HAG is a gimmick.  Sexy nurses, super fat food, milkshakes with butter floating on top.  Super heavy people (350+) eat free if they are willing to publicly weigh in.  But like all gimmicks, if they can't deliver on the product, they won't last.  The burgers are bad.  Flavorless patties of cheap, fatty ground beef.  The fries, limp like the customers at some of the lamer strip clubs in town.  They don't serve water or diet soda so you are stuck with overly sweet milkshakes or regular coke.  whether you go for the single or quadruple bypass, you will leave feeling heavy and disappointed.  We went the opening week but from what I hear from recent goers, it hasn't gotten much better.  Perhaps the only thing keeping it open this long is the constant influx of tourists who have to see it once.
4	Hurray for Heart Attack Grill! Fun! Fun! Fun!  Free burger for anyone over 350lbs!Just outside the restaurant is a gigantic scale. The hostess greeted us with hospital gowns and wrist bands. When we sat down, all I wanted to do was look around the room and talk about all the faux movie posters and news footage. I noticed that everyone was having a good time! A lot of people looking in from the outside and taking pictures. The bartender was a "doctor" and the wait staff were "nurses". If you don't finish your burger, you get spanked with a paddle!Menu is simple. Burger and fries. How many patties you want is the real question. A good tasting burger with some awesome fries! Coke is served in a bottle and the service was delightful!
2	Tried this place in early October. Burgers were *meh*.  Huge patties not not much taste other than the bacon. Fries were kind of oily, seemed to have been in the warmer for a while. Not crispy or anything.  I suppose they make up for the food with nice looking 'nurses' (servers) !  Well, I can say that I ate there at least once.
4	I went here twice during my weekend in Vegas.  Once by myself, just to see what everyone that I know was talking about.  The second time was to bring one of my co-workers that I was in Vegas with.Yes, it's a gimmick.  Get over that.  You walk in, they put a wrist band and hospital gown onto you.  You then have four burger options....single, double, triple, or quadruple bypass.   Each patty is a half pound, so you do the math.  The only thing that comes on it is tomato, onion and cheese.  Bacon is extra, but over-loaded for a small upcharge.  Mayonnaise is served in squeeze bottles tableside.Both times I had a superlative experience.  On my first trip, I ordered a Coors Light from the bartender.  She stared at me until I realized my mistake, then I got a PBR.  I figured what the hell, it's not like I'm going for quality here.  The PBR was covered in ice and was super cold, which went perfect with the great burger I got.I found their burgers to be quite good, on both visits.  The fries are not my style, but are fried up in lard.  IT'S A GIMMICK, DEAL WITH IT.I spoke freely with the super-friendly wait staff, both the owner who was in a doctor's coat and the bartender in the nurse's outfit.  This was about the time that the "doctor" chastised the bartender for both of us not having a cold beer in our hands.  Beers were provided to both of us then, one that was not on my tab.  After that, when I went to pay (CASH ONLY), the bartender pushed my money away, said, "We're not done with you yet." She then produced two massive glasses filled with Jaeger.  Say what you will about whether you like licorice booze or not, but you can't turn it away when it's sitting in front of you.   I downed the shot with the bartender, and then commented that they don't skimp on the booze.  She pointed out that it was a 4oz shot that she pours, the only kind they do.I also didn't pay for that shot.This place is all about hedonism, fun, non-pretentiousness, and just going for it.  And they look to reward you for being in on it.  If you go here, wanting a foodie dining experience, you're looking for reasons to be pissed.Accept it for what it is, and love the hell out of it.  I plan to visit again the next time I'm in Vegas.  Absolutely.
3	Burgers are big and bad for you. They make you wear a medical gown as soon as you walk in. You are the patient and they are nurses and doctor. They were very friendly. They play on several screens the fox news clipping of the guy who actually had a heart attack there after eating the triple bypass. It shows video of him being wheeled out of there on a stretcher. Frys are cooked in lard. Over 350lbs eat free, they have a scale inside and outside of the building.
1	All the marketing and hype can't disguise the fact that their food just isn't very good. In fact, it's really bad. It's a novelty restaurant that just can't deliver on what's most important for a restaurant: good food.First: the good. The entire premise of Heart Attack Grill is to be as politically incorrect as possible. There's a blood pressure machine with a high score list. People over 350 lbs eat free. They don't serve salad. In fact, you can't even get lettuce on your burger. There are TV's all over the restaurant that just show the press coverage of Heart Attack Grill (this gets old real quick - I'd rather have the football game on). The waitresses are wearing sexy nurse outfits. But after the initial chuckle, you actually have to eat.The bad: The food. The only palatable part of our meal was the Mexican Coke. Usually grease=good, except at Heart Attack Grill. I'm not sure how they did it, but they made a burger that's both greasy and dry. It's like they overcooked some beef and bacon, slapped it on a bun, and then used a mister to spray flavorless oil all over the burger. I tried to make it work. I really tried. I asked if they had any hot sauce, but they said no, you just have your choice of ketchup, mustard, and mayo. The fries tasted like they were just left in the fryer at low temperature. They came out greasy, limp, and without any flavor at all.If you want a burger, go to any of the established burger joints in town: Fatburger, Five Guys, In n Out.  Even McDonald's makes a better burger than Heart Attack Grill.
1	Total disappointment. Shame on Food Network for even airing them a few years ago when I first learned of it. You would think that the food was good if they were on the Food Network, right? Hell naw. False advertisement.Yeah this place prides itself on being bad and YOLO and what not. They have the strongest daiquiri, cigarette candy, animal-fat fries, etc. Yeah, I don't mind indulging on those things in moderation but when I do, it better be damn good. The burger was so bland, I asked for a side of pickles to help slither that overcooked mess down my throat but the owner doesn't like pickles so he does not offer it in his restaurant. Pffft!The only thing this place has going for them is it's gimmicky, touristy and tacky. I highly doubt they have any repeat customers besides the morbidly obese that get to eat for free. But then again those guys have been dropping like flies up in there.
1	Walked by this place many times. Walked in and sat down but the smell of grease just couldn't allow me to stay. Just Google "Dirty Dining Las Vegas" and you will see what you are eating at this place.  40 Demerits by health district and when asked by the news reporter if the owner wishes to explain their side of the story, the owner comes and physically pushes the report out of the restaurant.  I WONDER WHAT THEY HAVE TO HIDE!!!?!?The burgers are dry and just flavored with the cheese and bacon thats on the burger.  Stick with IN N OUT ....
1	I heard about this place on the news and so I wanted to give it a try and see if it was "taste worth dying for" as they claim. Unfortunately, it's really not. The burger and fries I got were decent, but not anything special. And service was not that good.I just ordered a single bypass burger and it was moist, but not juicy. And the fries were brown and really needed salt to taste good. They were rather flimsy and really nothing special, even if they are in fact cooked in lard.As for service, it wasn't the worst, but it could've been better. The hostess at the front really looked miserable and like she didn't want to be there. The "nurse" who served me at my table was okay, but after she took my order I waited around 20 minutes for a burger and fries! Other people who had been in there before me were waiting as well, and then finally everybody's food all came out at the same time. The nurse did check on me once, but otherwise she was just mingling with the others as well as the "doctor" throughout the night. The place was rather empty, too!What makes this place interesting aside from the obvious hospital theme is the fact that they show music videos of some classic old hits on the big screen. I also thought it was cute how on the receipt, the restaurant was referred to as a "diet center" and the tax was called "Obama's cut."I was hoping to be blown away when I decided to try this place that warns people that it's bad for your health. Unfortunately, I found that I can get a better burger elsewhere and similar fries without the artery clogging, or upset stomach that I felt a bit later on that evening. In short, not worth the hype or price.
5	I LOVED this place. Christina and I were in Vegas and I was showing her the Fremont Street Exprerience.  We needed to eat something, and we had walked past this place with the giant industrial scale outside. We loved it and so we went in. First off, a nurse greets you at the door and you get your hospital gown and wrist band. We decided the best place to eat was at the counter. I gotta tell you, if Nurse Tracy is on that day, and she's behind that bar, run get a seat and strap in, you are going to have a blast.  We ordered the single burger, fries and each of us had the jello shot, which comes in this RIDICULOUSLY large hypodermic needle. NurseTracy was game to give us oral injections while we photographed it.  I ordered this amazing orange creamcicle shake. Um, I got a spanking from a hawt nurse.We went for the touristy aspect of the experience, but it was so much more. We had a blast and we'll be back!
3	I had the animal-fat fries here they were good and tasty just like I remember from back in the day . Hit it up if your really hungry and like tourist traps .
1	I don't recommend this place, took my kids here because they saw it on TV and I regret it. The service is horrible they act like they dont need our business and the food is terrible. the burgers and fries taste like lard, they have stupid rules we got kicked out in the middle of our dinner because my 5 year old son did not have hes adult size hospital gown on right wich they supplied.....do your health a favor and stay away!!!
1	I went here with my girlfriend. I thought the burger was ok. The service was bad. I took another friend there a couple weeks ago. The burger was awful!! The service was better but the food was worse. I also noticed they had mayonnaise on the table in a squeeze bottle. It was warm! I have had enough of this restaurant. I noticed the last time I was there it wasn't as busy. Maybe others feel the same way.
4	Once upon a time a young Australian named Scott ventured to a far off land named Las Vegas. Scott had heard tales of magical machines that sometimes, but rarely gave you money if you pushed buttons on them for long enough. Scott heard of ladies that wore very little and drinks that were very large. He also heard tales of burgers the size of a small child and it became his quest while in this strange land to track down, and devour one of these famed burgers.Not deterred by the reviews of a mixed nature to be found on the magical tome known as Yelp, Scott set his sights on the Heart Attack Grill. Neon signs beckoned him forth. Posters in the windows told him that alcohol was good for him. Scott agreed. He stepped through the doors, with his beloved (and vegetarian) wife in tow, and was promptly greeted by a young lady in a nurses uniform. This was not like any nurse Scott had seen before. Nurses dressed in such skimpy attire in the strange land of Vegas. Upon being greeted Scott was cloaked in a surgical gown that no doubt had magical properties and was led to his waiting table.The Grill was quiet, for it was late afternoon on a week day. Scott ordered a Double Bypass burger and when asked if extra bacon would be required Scott answered "Yes, yes it will". Scott's wife, the vegetarian Leisha, simply smiled and ordered a large beverage of an amber liquid known as beer. Before too long the burger had arrived. It was as large as the fables had told and Scott was quite pleased, though a little shocked. Scott was not expecting the food in this strange place to be of what looked to be good quality. The fries looked crisp and brown and tasted slightly of lard. Lard is good.The burger glistened in the light. Scott looked around the room at the images on the wall that parodied films of yesteryear and smiled, then picked up the weighty burger with two trembling hands and took his first bite. It was good. Very good. Surprisingly good actually. This challenge would be a welcome one with such delicious treats on offer. Leisha asked Scott how his burger tasted as she sipped from her mammoth beer. "Delicious" was Scott's reply through mouthfuls of juicy meat before diving back in. Before too long Scott was halfway through his burger and he was beginning to falter. But Scott's will was strong. He could not return to his home in Australia letting this challenge best him, so he bunkered down and dove back in. The burger was rapidly decreasing in size, as Scott felt he was rapidly increasing in size. And then, with one almighty fist pump the final bite was downed and Scott was victorious. He was elated.After an appropriate resting time Scott rose to his feet and felt several kilograms heavier as he waddled to the door and the outside world with a grin on his face and a cow in his stomach. Victory was his, but it was not the poor gentleman's who was currently bent over a table being spanked by a nurse.
2	Fun atmosphere, food was so-so.  I think they could tweak a few things and make it better.  The whole premise of the restaurant is to be unhealthy as possible.  Fries cooked in lard, 9000+ calorie burgers, butterfat shakes, Luck strike smokes and beer.  You get the picture.  They only accept cash and you have to wear a hospital gown when you enter.  Would I go back?  Probably not,.
1	I heard so much about this place on TV and thought I'd give it a try. The location and ambience is really good but there was only one good looking waitress, the one who served us and she was too busy and ignored us. I don't really care about customer care anyway as I understand it might be frustrating for the waitresses to flirt with every one. When it comes to food, taste and quality of ingredients etc I really do care a lot. The burgers they served were piece of crap, the bun was bad, the beef patty was dry and the grilled onions didn't taste like one.  They just put dry bun with dry patty and 6 slices of bacon and some grilled stuff and call it a burger. It doesn't get any better no matter how much mayo or mustard you put on it. I have had far better burgers at regular fast food chains like Carl's Jr, Smash burger, Five guys and even Mc Ds. This place is totally not worth the drive from the strip and the money. THEY DON'T ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS!! so annoying.Oh and the people who left 5 star ratings are either paid to write those reviews or their taste buds have completely gone by eating even crappier food.
2	If you have ventured off of the Las Vegas strip to Fremont and have come into the Heart Attack Grill, you are clearly there for one reason:  a big, greasy burger.  This is not a gourmet burger place.  There is no creativity or flair added.  It is simply a big, greasy burger, cooked in pure lard, and covered in more bacon than you'd like to eat for breakfast after, well, a night in Vegas.The menu gets right to the point.  I think there are maybe 6 options, not including drinks.  Everything will be greasy and cooked in fat.  I opted for the "single bypass" burger, which was 1/2 pound of beef, 5 strips of bacon, american slice cheese, and onions.  That's it folks.  The burger nearly slipped out of my hands it was so greasy.  Was it tasty?  Of course.  It was juicy and satisfying, but only in a way that will make you feel like poop for hours after eating there.  (and poop you will!)It honestly wasn't anything special.  I weighed myself on the way in and out, and between the burger and PBR I gained 2 lbs.  I guess this is kind of the point of eating there, really.  After all...you put on hospital gowns when you're seated.I saw a lot of people trying to eat the triple or even quadruple bipass burger.  Most people looked like they wanted to die and were maybe halfway through.  I don't recommend this.  The only "benefit" of eating the giant burger is that if you finish, they will wheel you back to your car/hotel in a wheelchair.I understand this place has a lot of bad publicity due to it's clearly awful food for you.  People have actually had heart attacks there.  But, in full honor of America, this place will serve you potential-death on a plate and even serves you for free if you weigh more than 350 lbs.  I don't agree with this encouragement of handing really bad-for-you free food to an overweight individual, but if they are there, it's their choice I suppose.  Honestly, check it out if you wanna say you went there.  Get the small burger.  Feel like crap for a few hours.  Tell your friends.  Never go back.
3	its a burger joint. i had high expectations on being the most greasiest and tastiest burger. but... it was a burger. ive had greasier and tastier ones. their chocolate milkshake is so thick. im talkin about the actual milkshake, not nurse stephanie. ooh nurse stephanie you are such a bad girl! she dished out just as much dirty, perverted jokes, and innuendos as i could muster. DONT LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT! shes the one who started it! thick... chocolate... milkshake...
5	So my review is not based on the food, as I am a vegetarian and there is NOTHING here I can eat.  However, I have accompanied people here to watch them eat the quadruple bypass burger, which is probably one of the most disturbing things you can watch a human do to themselves, but it is oddly fascinating, too.The last time I went, I was with two Europeans (German and French) who both tackled the quadruple bypass burger.  Nurse Stephanie served us and she really got into the shtick of the place, and was also really friendly.  The Europeans really enjoyed it, and it was a fun way to end their Vegas experience.  I didn't realize it until later, but the Europeans (who are not used to American tipping) only left a 10% gratuity.  I hope Nurse Stephanie sees this and knows that they really did have a good time, they just didn't know any better.And in case you're curious, the French guy was able to finish the entire quadruple bypass burger (including the very greasy bacon).  The German finished half, and took the rest for later.
3	I spotted this place on the Travel Channel on a show for most extreme restaurants. Originally it was based in Arizona, but it has since moved to Vegas. When we saw it in old Vegas, we knew we had to try it. One of the sexy nurses who was featured on the tv show was actually working while we were in! It's a fun experience. First you're weighed in. If you're over 350 pounds, you eat for free! While we were there, we saw a super tall guy win a meal!  They have a giant scale outside the restaurant and one inside as well. When you "check-in" they dress you in hospital gowns. There are sexy nurses and doctors as the wait staff. The menu is extremely limited. It's just bacon cheese burgers, ordered by single, double, triple or the quadruple bypass. We got the standard which is the double. We also got fries and shared a shake. I absolutely love salty food, but the fries were insanely salted. I ate some, but I couldn't finish them, and that's saying something. The shake was rich and creamy, but it comes with a pad of butter on top! Crazy. You can even get your shake boozy with alcohol in it. The food wasn't remarkable, but it wasn't bad. I wouldn't come here again, but it was definitely fun to try.If you don't finish your food, the sexy nurse will come and whip you with a leather belt (I think you can decline, but it is offered as part of the service). I think it's also offered as part of their birthday service. If you're too full, they'll wheel you out in an wheelchair! This is definitely an experience. I'm glad we tried it.
1	You should try it just to say you have been there and done that.  Food not so good - they only have the burgers and fries.  The waitress we had was very nice and it can be a fun environment for some - once you've been though you most likely wouldn't go back again.
3	Upon entering we were greeted by a nurse and doctor who we realized was the owner. We were offered hospital gowns as everyone is required to wear them while visiting. The decor was cool, the owner was in most of the custom pictures. One was of a cartoon mural with about 10 of the old school fast food icons: Ronald McDonald, Wendy, Dominos Pizza Guy, Jack In The Box, etc.... There was a lot of thought put into the decor. Theres a huge scale inside & out so you can weigh yourself. Anyone 350 pounds or more eat free. All the females are dressed as nurses & males as doctors. 2 big screen tv's which were playing re-runs of news reels from stories of the grill, a guy being gurnied out by medics due to an actual heart attack, etc.The menu is extemely simple: A single, double, triple, quadruple bypass burger-all with bacon. The single has 5 pieces of bacon, double has 10 pieces, triple 15, and quad 20!! Beef is 1/2 pound to 2 lbs with all the fixings: cheese, onion & tomatoe. French fries that are fresh cut & deep fried in pure Lard, mmmmmmm!! Either a chocolate or Vanilla milkshake made with ButterFat. A bottled water or CocaCola in a bottle. No other sodas and they dont have ice.CASH ONLY! They also sell Lucky Strike Cigarettes in a vending machine by the carton.The food was nothing spectacular, Ive definitely had better. But the experience was fun & different. A nurse went to a table and spanked a customer with a paddle for being a bad boy & not finishing his food. (A couple at the next table who hadnt ordered yet got up and left after seeing that happen), I thought it was funny but maybe its not for everyone. I would go back again for the experience.
1	This was a big disappointment!! As soon as we get in the door there are two nurses there that were supposed to greet us but decided to stare at us instead. After the party in front of us was seated we finally received some acknowledgement by these two nurses holding up dingy worn out wrinkled faded used gowns which I put on against my will.Then the waitress moved into the dining area about five feet and sat us right behind some professional video gear apparently they are filming a TV show documentary! At this point no one has explained what this restaurant is all about or what the video is all about.  We are left to figure it all out on our own! So at this point we are very skeptical but we venture ahead anyway. We receive our menus and where very confused because there is nothing to it small medium or large that's it? Fries, soda, and beer! At this point I am looking around for the comment card but cannot find one! So from this point on it only gets worse.So the food arrives and to our surprise there is nothing to it at all. Actually my bun was bigger than my burger with no sauce it was not juicy dripping with fat it was actually dry and over cooked cheap piece of meat in a bun 1.5 times too small for the bun.So I ordered a milk shake why not! Soon after filming a scene started which was flagged of behind us through a diffused panel. The music was shut off too so no ambient music playing as everyone crowded around near our table to watch a cute skinny girl try and gobble down 4pounds of burger. So I had to wait until filming was done to get my milk shake while the restaurant watched us wait for our food watching this skinny girl try and do the do!The waitresses are just not into it noir was I at this point. So the last thing that upset me was that when the bill came I threw my card on the table. The waitress says that we are cash only? This made me mad because they failed to explain anything to us the whole time we were there. She even had the nerve to say yeah we have a sign up front that says so. As a patron I felt cheated out of the experience in every way possible. They left me nothing to recommend nothing except regret! I will now rate the food on a scale of 1-10 I give a 4.5 unseasoned meat, overcooked and dry. Not even close to a heart attack. The fries are undesirable, too soggy straight from a heat lamp or something. The milk shake was ok I guess but had no desire to finish it based on the other events I was just  not in to it anymore.The service was a 5Basically this is setup on hype and cannot deliver on what it promises.
2	I saw this place online somewhere, the whole concept is marketed pretty well.The only downfall(the most important one) is that the food sucks, the only thing that doesn't suck is the mexican coke with real cane sugar !!! But heart attack grill doesn't even make the coke, so they pretty much just suck. If the burger actually tasted good, it would be unhealthy if you ate all of it. But since the burger has no taste, and is just a piece of cooked meat on a huge bun, with a few measly pieces of tomato, there is nothing that would really make you want to go back. I had the 1/2 lb. burger, and ate the entire burger but didn't eat 1/2 of the bun.  I only ate the burger because I paid for it, and I was hungry, or else I probably wouldn't have even eaten it. The fries are soggy and gross.  I don't usually add salt on my food, but I had to put salt on these fries to eat them, and they were still pretty gross. I was going to order a milkshake, but the milkshake was in such a small cup that there was no justifying the $5 price tag. The only novelty in this restaurant is the scale outside the door, and the slutty nurse costumes that the waitresses must wear. The waitresses are friendly, and the owner is the doctor looking man with the stethoscope around his neck. We came in on Friday around 6pm, and there were only 30 or so patrons in a room meant for at least 75.... they should probably improve their food, and add more items to the ( 5 item menu) or I don't see why anyone would bother coming back.
1	Saw this place recently while walking downtown Vegas. Of course we heard about it and read all the reviews. We wanted to just look inside. Ad was greeted by a completely snotty hostess. My wife had a coke in her hand from a previous snack and the girl at the front snapped a us saying loudly, "we don't allow any outside drinks" she was very nasty about it. I stated all we wanted to do was look around. Another couple walked in and we we still looking at the menu and staff dressed as nurses. The hostess said again, very loudly about no outside drinks. I would not eat here just due to the snotty and rude way we were greeted.
1	Just for those of you who think of visiting this place... http://www.ktnv.com/dirtydining/155848485.htmlThis place has been listed on Dirty Dining (a Las Vegas news segment) back in May of this year for having 40 demerit points, which is one point from being shut down in Las Vegas.I don't know about you, but if a restaurant is EVER featured on a show like this for the same reasons that HAG was, it's pretty much dead to me. They can claim to have changed, but from what I see anytime I want past the place, it hasn't...Beware!
2	Ughhhh I walked out of this restaurant with a sick and heavy feeling in my stomach.  I'm sorry stomach, never again!My friend ordered the quadruple bypass, and I ordered the single.  The single was way more than enough lard and meat for me.  Just to complete the whole experience we ordered the flat liner fries too.  BAD CHOICE.  The first one was tasty, the ones that followed started tasting more like soggy potatoes dipped in lard.  The quad was just pure insanity and my friend finished it.  D: He liked it but I was on the side ready to jump up if any CPR was needed.The ambiance was cute.  Nurse waiters and waitresses, clever movie posters that parody the grill, and patient gowns for everyone!  Artery clogging food is definitely the main game of this place.  If you really want to have a myocardial infarction, eat here.
1	I recently moved to Las Vegas, and saw the Heart Attack Grill on Freemont Street, I went in and while I thought it was really cool that the staff were all dressed as medical personnel, and they gave the customers hospital gowns upon entry I found the food to be mediocre and overpriced. I ordered their smallest burger with cheese and tomato, french fries and a vanilla milkshake. The burger was overcooked, and when I asked for medium well, I was told that they only do well done. The fries were super greasy and soggy and the Vanilla Milkshake was actually garnished with butter. I asked why that was and was told that it was a "Butterfat" shake. It had an odd buttery taste to it so 85% of that got wasted.Despite a cool atmosphere, and limited menu, I will not be returning. Although I have to say that everything BUT the food was super cool.
5	I can't believe the negative reviews on this place! I disagree completely. My boyfriend and I thought it was awesome. We went last month for the first time and he ordered a single burger with fries and a beer. I ordered fries and a butterfat shake. We both loved our food. And honestly, because I am a huge milkshake fan, I love to try new ones and this was by far the best shake I've had in a very long time. (chocolate) So thick and creamy and delicious! (must be all the fat haha)Fries were great but I did have to add a little more salt which was not a problem, my boyfriend said his burger was awesome and cooked just right.When going to this restaurant, you know you are in for a fatty, greasy, salty time and that's what you should expect. The nurse outfits were cute, the aprons they put on you were so fun, the whole experience of this place was like no other. We DEFINITELY recommend trying heart attack grill! It was really fun, tasty, and our waitress was awesome too. :)
5	Bomb ass place, service was real quick, and having Double bi-pass burger top off with feeling ghetto drink of Old english 24oz...and didn't get spanked..aww bummer, smh...Olskool
3	My friend had heard about this place and was dying to go .. so off we went. I'd give it 2 stars for the food but 3 stars for the kitsch factor and the decadent butterfat shakes. I have to admit it's kinda fun (and funny!) to walk in and have them put a hospital gown and bracelet on ya. They also spank you if you don't finish your food -- which was pretty comical when it happened to my friend. Service was friendly and quick too which was nice. However, I have to agree with a lot of other posters that the food itself is pretty lacking here. The burger was way overdone and pretty tasteless unless you drowned it in condiments. The fries were actually crispy and well done but nothing I'd run back for anytime soon. The best thing on the menu was the chocolate shake which was super rich and creamy. If you go, I'd skip the burgers, get a shake and some fries and just enjoy the experience.
1	I paid $20 for a single Patty cheeseburgers fry milkshaketwo cokes .. to top it off the Burger had no flava .. of course I didn't eat all my food. I was extremely hungry when I left .. I just paid the bill.. hospital food taste better.. passed save your money.
3	This is a unique burger experience, that is for sure. But unique does not necessarily equal positive. I mean, it's really cool that there's a huge scale outside where you can weigh yourself 24/7 (the scale weighs heavy, by the way).  And wacky rules like, if you weigh over 350 lbs you eat for free. But if your homeless and hungry, I guess not. Sad. But okay. It's a business not a soup kitchen. I digress...Upon entry you are fitted with a hospital gown and wrist band. The servers are all referred to, and dressed as, doctors and nurses. And the menu is set up that way as well (triple bypass burger, flatliner fries, etc.). The burger was huge, and I only went with the simple "single bypass." But it had very little flavor. Same with the fries. I had a water and it was outstanding!So for the kitschy experience, I'd say everyone should come do it at least once. But once was probably enough for me. Oh and just one final suggestion: weigh yourself before you go in. You'll thank me later.
2	I had the lard shake here, after drinking the whole thing I am pretty sure I shaved off a couple months of my life. Apparently if the shake was any more creamier it would just turn into straight lard, all my friends were pretty disgusted with me finishing the thing but it tasted pretty good for the first half sip and I only did it because I was raised to clear my plate.The burgers here are extra unhealthy and that's this place's draw, people who just want to eat like crap and don't give a damn. Pretty sure the burger shaved off a couple months of my life too. The waitresses kind of act like they don't want to work there, and the place has a dragged down feel to it, at least in the day time. I kindda liked the novelty of this place, and how it says that if you weigh over 650 lbs or so you eat for free, although I've read in the news that several of the people who were eating for free here died very early. Not to insult their memory but it's a lifestyle choice and if they respected it themselves, I respect that.Outside they have a buncha warning signs saying that this place could kill you, which I thought was funny.If I ever come back here and any of the people in my company would like to try it out against my recommendation, I'd probably buy the biggest burger, the quadruple bypass burger I believe, I'd scarf down that monster just to show that I can do it unphased.That or maybe after scarfing it down I end up in the hospital- a story to tell nevertheless.
1	Someone really dropped the ball with this store. The gimmick they are selling which is hot nurses in small clothes is missing; so the gowns and scale and special names are cumbersome.  I walked out as soon as I felt the depressing atmosphere. I guess I didn't want a hamburger after all.
1	OK so putting on the hospital gown and sitting around eating was fun but the only thing that was good here was the butter fat shakes so rich and cream I loved them. That said I wouldn't really recommend the place the burgers are dry as dirt and don't taste much better and they charge a fortune the fries were limp and greasy there is nothing about the place that stands out really other than that it's a fun gimmick. The waitress though busy was friendly as well as the hostess who seats you and gives you your gowns I think the quadruple bypass burger is like 9000 calories so having the gown will save time when you have your heart attack LOL
1	When a friend told me about this place, I had reallyyy high hopes. The most caloric burgers? Fries deep-fried in lard?? Extra fattening vanilla milk shakes??? They all sounded soooo delicious and I couldn't wait to try them all. But once I finally did, it wasn't what I expected at all. It was around 12pm last Sunday.. We all walked in and were immediately greeted by the really friendly hostesses and were given hospital gowns and bracelets to put on. I don't know about you but hospitals totally creep me out! But since it was required, I obediently put on the gown and bracelet and walked in. The menu here is quite simple. They have 4 types of burgers, from the single bypass to the quadruple bypass, fries, coke, water, milkshakes, and a variety of alcoholic beverages. They even have a jello "shot" but that was just too creepy for me. I ended up ordering a single bypass burger with a side of fries and a coke. We waited for a good 15 minutes before the burgers were ready. Burger: From the outside, it looked pretty good - big, fat, drenched in oil, bacon and chili. I took a few bites and I honestly didn't like the burger at all. The meat had little flavor, dry, and wayyy too oily for me. I know that sounds pretty contradictory.. dry AND oily? How does that work? The burger patty was dry, but the oil was oozing out from the bun, chili and onions surrounding it.. gross! And the whole hospital-like environment didn't help either. It made it sick to me stomach to the point where I had to stop eating. I only had like 1/3 of it.Fries: I'm a hugeee french-fry person and can normally eat multiple servings of it at other restaurants. That's why bottomless fries are my favorite! But the fries served here limp, greasy, and soggy from the oil when I bit into them.... gross. I had maybe 5 fries and I just had to stop. They didn't even LOOK  appealing - they were all brownish, like they've been left out for a while and not freshly cooked.I guess the whole hospital thing is what they were going for - even all the staff were dressed up as either nurses or doctors. The restaurant was decorated with hospital props too. But honestly... the ambiance sucked! It was soooo quiet and pretty dead. They had some 90s music videos playing on the big screen but that didn't seen to help at all. The depressing ambience made it seem like I was in an actual hospital.The only good thing about this place is probably the vodka milk shake. I had a sip of my friend's and it was actually pretty good! Other than that... I'd definitely stay away. And that article posted by Tiger W... (http://www.ktnv.com/dirtydining/155848485.html) Ohhh my.. You can be sure I'll never set foot here again.Oh and one more thing... My friend who got the double bypass burger and fries came home and threw up everything he ate.. I'm not sure if it was because of the food or because he was sick... but either way... gross!
1	What a disappointment!  When I first heard of this place, I wanted to drive to Arizona and experience it.  I finally got to try it now that it is located in Vegas and I was so disappointed. The theme is awesome. Too bad the food is not.  To the owner: Please make the food taste good.  You have a brilliant idea for a restaurant in the perfect city.
2	The concept is gross, the food is sub-par, but if your drunk on the strip in Old Vegas it's fun to go once.  They put a hospital gown on you when you sit down, it's fun.  Then you order a heart clogger burger.  All burgers and fries are cooked in lard.  So bad for you, but a decent burger.  It could be much better.  Good looking girls in nursing garb serve you a grease laden burger.  Not the worst idea. Sub-par food, all grease, hot women servers.   2 starsThanks
1	The hamburgers were awful and that's coming from someone who LOVES fattening foods. The burgers were warm at best, the service wasn't great either. Maybe because we ate at 9:30pm on a Saturday night? The place was empty (should have been a sign) with NO atmosphere and we ended up getting out of our seats to ask for a knife and later the check. I took two kids here thinking it would be a fun place. . . NOT. Don't waste your money.
1	WOW. THE ONLY THING THAT IS KEEPING THESE GUYS OPEN IS THEIR LOCATION AND FOOD NETWORK FAME.Most of their customers are mainly gonna be tourists and first timers. Located in a busy part of the Fremont Street Experience, the name of the restaurant and the words "350 Pounds and Over Eat Free" are definite eye catchers.The Heart Attack Grill or "HAG" as it's come to be known, has actually lived up to it's namesake with actual heart attack incidents. As a matter of fact, while I am typing this review, I find out the unofficial spokesperson for HAG has died from you guessed it, an apparent heart attack. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/huff-wires/20130212/nv-heart-attack-grill-heart-attack/?utm_hp_ref=politics&ir=politicsThis place must be bad because I have gone at least 3 paragraphs before even having to mention their food. Ok, quick descriptions. They cook their beef patties and fries with lard. Their milkshakes have actual butter in them. Literally they have a little stick of butter right on top of it sticking out. Now I know the fat is what makes most greasy food taste good but in this case the grease is highly overpowering.Service is decent. Yeah you got scantily clad female nurses as your servers but this is Vegas. Nothing should surprise you. Well, maybe except for when you see guys getting spanked by them with wooden paddles because it's their birthday. You can actually get spanked if you ask nicely. No special occasion necessary.Of course everybody's number one complaint is that they take cash only. Of course there is an ATM available but you get charged up the arse just in fees alone. FAIL.So overall, most people come just for the shock value. Meaning they are shocked when they shouldnt be when they find out there has been several heart attack incidents. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
1	This place is all about the gimmick.  Greasy, tasteless food.  It offers free meals to those over 350 lbs.  It's probably not a good idea to encourage someone with obvious weight issues with free food.
1	If you are of an Asian descent then please don't eat here!  Our bodies are not meant to be treated this way.  The quality of food was horrible and it wasn't cheap either.  It is a Cash Only place so bring some if you can't help yourself to the big fancy Tourist restaurant sign.   That sign got me so after eating here, all my pimples got excited and now they wanted attention.  Walked around Vegas like zombie.  Everyone in my group got food comas and weren't feeling well for a couple hours.  I'll gladly pay to not ever do that again.  If you want gout, oily face, body odor, constipation, random hairs growing on your back, and not being able to cut your own toe nails... then I guess you should eat here and then stay away from the rest of us.
3	Had to stop by and see what this was all about. Shared the burger since I heard they were big and since it's all cooked in lard. It wasn't as bad as I thought. The food wasn't greasy and I enjoyed the themed hospital attire. We as customers had to wear a hospital gown and the waitresses had on nurse outfits. Try it out! Oh yeah and you can only share the single bypass no other ones.
1	Butter Fat Shakes and if you are over 350lbs you eat for free! This is very funny experience, however the food was down right bad!
4	OMG. Look, I'm a big, fat, slob. I didn't get this way by eating salads, 'k? So, when it comes to burgers, fries, and milkshakes, I know what I'm talking about. And this is the best damned burger in the world. Everything was delicious. Sure, the butter on the milkshake was over-the-top, but, hey, that's their gimmick. It's worth taking the time, trouble, and energy to find parking and get there; I loved every bite.
1	Burger was pretty tasteless. I expected a super juicy, greasy burger based on the name of the place. definitely not worth the price. Interesting experience *maybe* one time only.
3	According to the news, did you know that two people have died eating here? To be fair though, I'm sure people die in restaurants all the time. I think this restaurant gets the publicity because of their name. So with that being said, let me start my review.If you are totally sober and coming here for a gourmet burger and fries then you will be truly disappointed.  If you got the drunk munchies and/or want a possibly cool and unique experience then take risk and try this place. LOCATION - As my wife and I were strolling along near the end of Fremont street (Past  the "D" hotel) and we noticed a huge scale and a sign stating "350lbs and over eat free". Then we noticed the name, Heart Attack Grill. I was immediately intrigued because I have never seen a restaurant advertise their establishment can possibly kill you. Most other places (Not going to mention names) that rhyme with onalds hide it. ENVIORNMENT - So we walk in to be immediately greeted by the host. He then makes us put on a hospital gown and bracelet tag. FYI..the gown goes over your clothes. You don't have to get naked. We opt to sit at the counter because there is a gigantic screen behind the bar that plays famous youtube videos. This is one of the videos showing at the time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMH0bHeiRNg The rest of the establishment is pretty big but the floors looked like it needed mopping. Almost like some real hospitals. I think the fact that the female servers are dressed in the old fashion nurse uniforms who give people spankings gives this scene a better experience. Too bad real hospitals don't do that though.   FOOD - The name Heart Attack matches the food they serve. They have 4 burger stages ranging from single bypass (1/2 pound) all the way up to quadruple by pass which is 2 pounds (What the people who died were eating). We decided on the single bypass because I was just there more for the experience and not a great tasting burger or to die. A Fatty, oily, greasy and messy burger is exactly what I was expecting and that is exactly what we got. I must admit that it lacked seasoning which made it flavorless and boring.  However, I can't dock them too much on that because the burger comes with crispy bacon. Nuff said.. Tip - If you get the Jello shot, it comes in a plastic syringe that you get to keep. Good for frosting your cakes. The shot is pretty strong.SERVICE  during our time was very good. To be fair, it could have been because we were the only ones at the bar. Our server/bartender was friendly, prompt and knowledgeable.  She also told us that their burgers are not as unhealthy as they advertise them to be or as everyone thinks.  According to her, hey actually don't use lard. OVERALL I would stay this place is a solid 3  1/2 stars for me but I was torn on my rating because I had great service, and I enjoyed the experience. However, I don't think this is a place I would come back to unless I had to.  I know that sounds contradicting but I am basically saying that it's a place worth trying at least once.*CASH ONLY* - I know..that's a little weird.
4	Have been in Vegas for a few  months working and we have been trying Burger joints all over town. Skip the strip and come down to Fremont street and try them here. You do not have to be drunk you just need to love burgers and you will not be disappointed here. They serve burgers with a smile.
5	love this place. had the single bypass burger and a shake. it was like i was in heaven. the bacon and cheese was simply amazing. the shake i had was made with 16 percent real butter real. even came with a little piece of butter on top. the beer i got also came in a brown batter bag which i found really funny. the decor is a 80s-90s throwback. love this place. the owner is really nice too.
3	The food is great. I love the chocolate shake!  Two complaints:1. I'm not a fan of it being a cash only place since I don't like to carry cash. 2.this is not a place to take your kids. I'm not a fan of the nurse's outfits and the ensuing spankings if you don't eat your meal. I admit it made me a little uncomfortable. It is also a pricey establishment, but I think that needs to be expected if you're eating in a location where it's at. I think this is a place you should go at least once for the experience, just don't take your kids.
1	Wow, what a terrible experience. We walk in from the pouring rain to find a homeless man changing his clothes in the entry way - no big deal, not the restaurant's fault but one of the "nurses" was yelling at him in an awkward way to leave - that could have been handled better and was not a good first impression.We were then greeted with - "cash only" and "limited menu". Fine whatever.We're asked to put on the patient's gowns and it's clear that they're not clean. There is sauce all over one of them. Disgusting.We go to be seated and it's more descriptions of limitations - only take cash, only these few options and only one soft drink.Then came the food. Positively not edible. The hamburger was overcooked, tasteless and seemed like low quality meat. The french fries were also tasteless, cold and overcooked.I get the appeal of such a place but if this is going to be your niche, at least make the food halfway decent. The waitresses seemed annoyed and disinterested and a huge screen above the bar flashed recent tweets - most of them akin to this review.
2	This place definitely needs to improve on the taste of the food.  We came in expecting a "wow" factor... Food deep fried in lard, highest calories, etc.  I don't know about you, but I thought "high calorie food" was supposed to taste amazing?  I figured since they advertise how high the calories are- that this was going to be the best burger and chili cheese fries I've ever had.  NOT THE CASE!  I came with a big group of people and we all ordered different things, to give the menu a try.  When I got my food, the burger and chili cheese fries were dripping in grease.  The fries had a grease pool formed around them and the chili looked like ground up dog food.  The worst part- the burger and the fries tasted bland!  You would think with that much grease that it would have SOME flavor.  Everyone in our party threw away most of their food.   I will never eat here again.  The only reason why I didn't give this place 1 star is because it does have some "one of a kind" type of experiences.  The staff give you a hospital gown to wear while you eat and the waitresses are all dressed in nurse uniforms and spank you :). I give it to the owner- congrats on contributing to the nationwide obesity epidemic... If your restaurant's food is the last meal someone is going to consume before having a heart attack- at least make it worth while.
5	This was such a cool and fun place. We had an awesome server who was patient with us and didn't rush us...The food was good and the drinks too...Will be back here for sure...Be in for a fun surprise when you go!!
5	Man this place was awesome!!!! And fun too, I had the single burger, friends had the triple, the burger were delicious and the fries were off the chain!!!, I will go back next time when I go back to vegas zoo woo!!!!
2	Food is not great it's good to check out once but I won't go back
2	I've been reading some of the other reviews and it seems like a lot of people were not a fan of this place.  I say if your going to the Heart Attack Grill you have to know what you are getting yourself into and that your are going for the experience.  I must say that I will probably never go back but am happy that I experienced it once.  When you walk in they dress you as if you were a patient in the hospital.  The waitresses are dressed in skimpy nurses outfits, and both uniforms looked dirty and I was not a fan of them.  They promote that if you are over 350lbs that you can eat for free, and I was with a friend who qualified for this and they make you get on a scale in front of the whole restauraunt to weigh yourself and then you can only order single bypass burgers, however, you can order as many of them as you'd like.  You still have to pay for fries and other menu items which to me does not mean "eat for free"  it should be "only eat single bypass burgers for free"  The burgers are ok.  Its really nothing special, just a big greasy burger with some chili on it.  I was going to give this place 3 stars till I remembered the owner was not very nice and accomidating.  You are not allowed to make any changes to the menu.  No lettuce, no pickles, no diet soda, and only bottled water. I understand some of them are trying to go with them unhealthy theme, but water is water, and the owner is just greedy.  In addition, a waitress told us the owner was a "prick", so he must not treat his employees very well.    If your a tourist and want a different experience check it out, but I will never be going back.
5	Tasty burgers tasty nurses :) nuff said.
4	This is a fun experience restaurant.The servers are hot nurses that spank you if you don't finish your food.  The cooks are doctor's.  Jello shots are served in syringes, and you have to wear a hospital gown when you eat here.The health scare stuff doesn't bother me because I don't here that often, and this was how a lot of food used to be cooked anyway.The burgers are pretty good, but I don't like the fries - they are always limp.  However, I've tried the chili cheese fries recently and they are amazing.  I might even just get that next time.  I could swear that the chili has chorizo in it!  Yum.The one thing that really sucks is that they only accept cash - so lazy.First time I ate here I was wondering why every employee was playing with their phones, until I realized that it's the system they use to place and track orders.
1	Honestly, I stopped here to watch people instantly die while eating this garbage. It didn't happen. So I moved on. So should you.
2	Not that good. I've had better burgers at Jack In The Box
2	Despite the list of bad reviews and limited stars, I decided to try Heart Attack Grill  anyways for its amazing concept.  Talk about a place with giant weight scales, hospital gowns for its consumers, waitresses in skimpy nurse outfits, XL wheelchairs, witty pop art that grace the walls and an unbelievable shout out to all 350lb heavy-weighters who can dine for free! Sounds like fun... Sounds like Vegas!  With a name like "HAG", I'm definitely not dinging them for how much fat is packed into their food.  Coming out of this joint in a state of food-coma and lard oozing out of your pours is a given.  Call me self-righteous, but I'm dinging them because I felt that there was no content that backed their concept. I would expect that the unhealthiest burger known to mankind would also be the tastiest.. but their claim to fame simply did not meet my expectations.  The burger bun was stale and dry, not even a trace of flavor could be found on the patty and the burger altogether along with the grilled onions, bacon and cheese was a $7 bunch o' bull. Another on my hit list was the fries (deep fried in lard) with cheese and chili.  Again, I have no animosity against the lard.. it was the fact that they had the nerve to call the item "chili-cheese fries"!  The chili had the texture of diarrhea and the oil drenched, browned, curdled fries were more saturated in lard then fried.  Once again, not a trace of flavor.  If you are coating your meal with catsup and mustard, you know you have a problem.  Props to their extensive beer line-up, but if you are not into drinking, your only choices are glass bottled coca-cola and/or bottled water which will run you about $3+.  The service was good, quick and easy.. but if you are in a skimpy nurses outfit dressing your patients in hospital gowns, I would've expected a little bit more enthusiasm from the servers as they are constantly bombarded with an array of one-liners from the customers like, "Hellllloooo Nurse! Do I need to bend down for this examination?" But they themselves seemed bored out of their minds as if one too many puns came along their way.  Once again.. Flavorless. One and done!
4	The food was yummy, bad for you, and greasy, but not many choices here. It is however a fun experience and atmosphere.
1	I get it... it's the HEART ATTACK Grill however the burgers are disgustingly greasy.  I love a good burger but one drenched in a pool of grease? I think not. Dressing in hospital gowns was unique and seemed fun until I realized people were getting an intense spanking with a wooden paddle for not finishing their food.  I had a bite of the "single bypass burger" and called it quits. Never again.
1	I was in Vegas, I love a good burger and had read all the hype on this place.The backstory sounded like a lot of fun...the nurses, hospital gowns, etc.The reality is, it's a dive with overpriced sub-par burgers and fries. In a town where there are hundreds (maybe thousands) of choices, this was the bad one.
1	Disgusting
4	After reading the reviews I was hesitant to try this place out. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The food was not the tasteless lump of meat everyone said it was, it was a delicious burger that I enjoyed. The fries were ok; not my favorite, but not horrible. Very fun atmosphere.My friend and I both ordered the shot specials in the menu, 4oz shots for under $5. We ordered them with coke, and a glass so we could combine them as cocktails. They don't have any ice, so we had warm cocktails by the time we finished. Also when we got the bill, the shots rang up as $9.75! I told the waitress they were supposed to be the 4-something that was advertised in the menu, and she just said "no, that is wrong..." That was my only complaint about our service.I would come back here for sure, bringing people who haven't been before. I probably wouldn't go back just to have their food again.
5	HOLY HOT WAITRESS BATMAN!!!!!!!!! THIS PLACE IS THE SHIZZNIT!!!!!!So my boy and I saw the travel channel burger special on this joint a week before we went to Vegas and we were all like " YO CUZ WE GOTS TO EATS THESE MEATS". So the morning after our first rage session we  were the first customers in line when it opened. There was also an obnoxious German film crew trying to shoot in their restaurant. After being rude to one of the lovely waitresses and refusing to wear the awesome patients gown we got to experience probably the greatest tongue lashing I've ever witnessed. Dr.Jon came over and told the German douche bags what they could do with the hospital gowns if they didn't like them. Dr. Jon is a true american hero in my opinion because like any good American he knows what happens if you let a pushy German get their way. His vision of american  badassness is a shining beacon of our freedom and should be commended. The burgers, fries, and shakes are  tasty, the waitresses are friendly ,beautiful and playful. If you're downtown you owe it to America to eat here.  p.s. Dr. Jon if you ever read this know that you are awesome and I am now and forever your biggest fan.  Everyone I ever speak to that is heading to vegas will hear my tale of how my hero Dr. Jon vanquished the snotty Euro film crew sent here to mock our American right to do whatever the f%#ck we want to. I will eat here every time I visit Vegas until I die.Just revisited this American gem and it was every bit as good as the last time. God bless America and and God bless the good men and women of the Heart attack Grill. Dr. Jon is even more baller than I remember, I'm pretty certain he is the smartest man to ever live.
3	To begin with, I'd like to say that I'd actually like to give this place 3.5 stars. # is just a little too short, but 4 is a bit too much. For once, I'll err on the side of conservatism.The bottom line: This place makes a decent burger, and it is what it says it is: a place for purely unhealthy food. You know what you're getting going in, and that's not a bad thing if that's what you want, at least once in a while. Everything in moderation, even overindulgence.That said, "moderation" isn't exactly what this place is about. Although you can get a few other menu items, the mainstay is burgers, which you can get up to 8 patties (at least on the menu; I'm sure you can go off the menu and request more). I had the Double Heart Attack with fries and a Coke. You have an option to get bacon on the burger, which actually comes with veggies (lettuce, tomato, and lettuce), along with cheese and chili, but I declined the 10 slices that get added to this particular version. Maybe some other trip. And I didn't quite get what I expected. I expected some small "tourist-size" thing. But this was a big fat two-hander on a sturdy, yet tasty bun. It was actually heavy to lift. Rather than ladling in on so in becomes an eat-with-your-fork meal, the amount of chili was just right, a layer the size of a tomato slice. And it was quite good as well, enhancing the already tasty meat. I asked about the chili and it is not canned, but locally made. By not trying to go "gourmet" or "upscale" and by not being chintzy with the meat (as you might expect a tourist place in Vegas to do), this turns out to be one of the better burgers in Vegas. Especially as it was late in the afternoon and I'd not had lunch (deliberately, planning for this trip), I was able to finish with room to spare. Which is a good thing, as it appears that there are consequences of not finishing your meal. The fries, meh. Freshly cut potatoes, it appears, but not a significant amount, and a bit too heavy on the oil. Get past the oil and they are fairly tasty.Not being a drinker of alcohol, my beverage options were limited. For soft drinks they have one item: old fashioned bottles of Coca Cola with real sugar, known to some as "Mexican Coke." I was able to stretch the one bottle for the entire meal, and was pleasantly surprised to seen the final total at "just" $15, which for Vegas is a very good deal.About those consequences. Being the "heart Attack Grill," there's a whole medical theme going. The waitresses, seemingly hot young vixens all, are in nurse's uniforms with the typical Vegas waitress short skirts. The bartender was a very friendly and personable bald man, quick to smile, excellent with the service, and dressed in a doctor's lab coat complete with stethoscope around his neck. (When I was ready to order, I at first said, in the most serious voice I could muster, "I'll have the salad." He looked at me mor a moment, then pointed and said "Get out!" then grinned, and I just couldn't keep a straight face at the point myself.) When you enter, you are given a hospital-like wristband and a patient's gown to wear.And apparently, if you don't finish your massive burger, you'll get spanked by one of the waitresses with a big fat paddle. You might even get one to spank you if you do finish, and pictures of this, uh, abuse seem to be welcome. You can buy a paddle, or even a copy of the menu ($1) if you like. However the business is cash only, ostensibly to make sure your tab is paid should the Heart Attack Grill experience actually give you a heart attack. Interestingly, the bottom of the menu has a snarky conservative-leaning comment about having to pay the sales tax to the government, a not uncommon sentiment with Nevadans, but just days after the Boston bombers were found, cornered, and captured, it occurs to me that those taxes pay for, among other things, the local, state, and federal law enforcement that effected their capture. And that is not a bad thing at all. As it says on big neon signs on the outside,if you weigh more than 350 lb. *they have scales to check), you can eat for free (provided you buy a beverage). That's an interesting little gimmick that, fortunately, most people cannot partake of.All-in-all, this is an experience worth repeating, and worth a trip to downtown.
3	Honestly come here for the experience. It's a super fun place and good to take fun pictures and tell you're friends. Prices are ok as well. The was OK at best though. Almost gross actually. Once you see all the grease it kind of gets to you. They would benefit quite a bit from making a good burger and other items. But instead they choose to just cook everything in pure butter or lard. I love burgers like no other. Atmosphere this place is cool. Food wise it's quite disappointing, I am happy I went though. Oh just for records sake. I had a chili dog with 5 slices of bacon, chili fries, milk shake, and of course a DOUBLE By-pass burger... Yeah I finished it all as well!!! Ha!!!
4	A "must try once" restaurant in Las VegasPros:* Very unique experience. Restaurants staffs dress as either nurses or doctors, and they give customer a gawn to dress as patient. If you can't finish your burger, the waitress are going to spank your butt 3 times hard, very hard* See many guys raising their butt and being spank, it's hard to not to laugh* Price is decent, a lot more cheaper than we thought.Cons:* Burger taste is plain; In and Out is way better* Heart Attack Grill is locating off the strip* A lot of food are being wasted because their quad burgers are huge, I wouldn't expect a normal soul can even finish half of that thingHints:* It's cash only* If you order fries, soda, and some other sides, then their single bypass burger would be big enough for two people (that's the only size that can be share unless you want to get spank, then go ahead to order something bigger)* Bring your camera to capture your friends or others being spank
2	It's not a poor rating because I don't get it. I get it. You're going with a wacky theme and you're celebrating american excess and obesity. Tacky and tasteless, but we can all enjoy tacky and tasteless once in awhile.Here's the problem-the place lives and (quite literally) dies on this joke. (And taking a lame political cheap shot by calling the Nevada state sales tax "Obama's cut"?) Once you get past the decor you're left with a sub-par, overpriced diner with a very limited selection. Hint: adding a separate entry onto the menu for each patty is kind of like increasing your font size to meet the minimum page requirements for a report. Quite literally, all they serve for food is burgers, fries and hotdogs. (They do have shakes, beer, liquor and soft drinks). The good: They make a pretty good pumpkin pie and vodka milkshake.The music playing seemed pretty good the whole way through.The bad:Only taking cash? What year is it again? Complete lack of variety. You'd think you could throw in dessert options if you're celebrating wanton obesity. You can throw other things into a deep fryer besides fries, you know.
2	I'll just say that this is not the best burger ever.  That is for sure!
5	Food was good liked the idea awesome atmosphere and you filled my man
1	Terrible effin service they do not care about their patrons at all and this review is only for that. I wasn't able to taste the gimmicky heart attack food because they basicaly kicked us out due to the fact that they didn't have the air on (in vegas in june)  and my mother who is middle aged couldn't stand how hot it was with the stupid hospital gown on. She even told the retard who called herself the manager (Dr. outfit) that she was menopausal and couldn't stand how hot it was in there with the nasty gown on. The lady tells us o well if you want to stay here and eat you have to keep the gown on, it's our #1 rule, no gown you can't stay... it was already embarrasing for my mom to disclose that info and this chick just went HAM about her keeping it on, and said if it was too hot with the gown on we had to leave (wtf) This place sucks and it's not even worth the experience, they put these nasty ass gowns on that have been on other patrons all day, and night and make you wear them the entire time you're there, and if you don't eat all your food they spank you with a paddle. If you're drunk enough or a frat boy under 20 i'd assume this place would be fun, we've passed the place many times and i thought the theme was cute but the service really was terrible.
3	Get on board with their gimmick and you'll have a fun time! Be prepared, there are windows all around so people will definitly look in and stare at everyone inside. Fun experience - you have to wear a wristband and hospital gown. Your server is a sexy nurse and she will warn you that you will get spanked if you don't finish your burger. Food is ok - everyone is cooked in lard so it's tasty going down. Our group ordered burgers, fries, and candy cigarettes. No spanking for us but it's hilarious to watch the men get spanked. The nurses spank them really hard - it's funny to see who yelps in pain and who just takes it. It looks like they don't spank women - the woman at the table next to us couldn't finish her burger and our waitress assured her she wouldn't get spanked but her husband would have to take it for her!If you weigh over 350 lbs, your burger is free, you just have to get on the massive scale to prove it. We were there on a Friday night around 10 pm, it was lacking in ambience, I think it would have helped to have some upbeat music pumping in. It's definitely one of those places to try once and take pictures - bring cash, it's cash only.
3	It was ok and thats about it. This was not the place I would have chosen to eat but it wasn't my turn to pick. First off 2/3's of the people that go to vegas are fat f$%# so this is right up their ally. I don't really see why people try and say how bad this place is compared to all of the all you can eat buffets with their 500 feet of food troughs in them so whats the difference with this place? They are just cashing in on fat america like all the other food places.Anyway the menu is a burger, hotdog, fries or chili fries, limited drink options plus milkshakes with a tab of butter on top why? Why the hell not after you ate the 7 patty burger with the pound of bacon, chili, lettuce, tomato and cheese on it.I got the single, the girls split a single and the other guy in the group got a double. We finished everything so we didn't get paddled, but some people weren't so lucky. The food? It wasn't bad. It was a pretty big patty, the fries were good, coke in a glass bottle. Our service was a little slow but it was pretty busy on a friday night. Oh yeah if your 350+ you eat for free, there is a scale in the place with a big led screen above for all to see.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here.  I liked the friendly staff, the medical theme where they dress you in hospital gowns and the waitresses are dressed like nurses, down to the good food and the spanking with the PADDLE if you didn't finish all of your food from your sexy nurse.   I may have left food on my plate on purpose!  OK, I admit I did and will do it again.  Spank me, I am naughty!   LOL
5	Just like mom used to say, "Finish your meal,....or else" your nurse will administer spankings! I love America.
3	Only go here once for the experience. It is fun but the food is not that good.  You get to choose only hamburgers and hotdogs.  The fun part is wearing a hospital gown so feel free to make a mess!  If you don't finish your burger, they will spank you!  They even serve their fattening shakes with a pat of butter, yuck.   CASH ONLY Here!
3	Wow. This place is good for a shock value and its a real nice counter-point to all those vegan-healthy places out there. If you take pride in obesity or wish to die from a hamburger induced heart attack. This is the place for you!It tastes good but, it leaves you feeling glutinous I've had their small burger and fries.I felt disgusted with myself and didn't feel like eating much for the next couple of days. If you're a health nut/vegan then this place is a living hell and you need to run far far away. This place is quite possibly the worst place you'd want to be if you are.The decor is decent, The prices... Not so much.No false advertising here. I feel kinda gross just typing this but, it is what it says it is and I can't fault them for that.
4	All of the food here is alright good - like a little bit better version of Tommy's. What makes this place attractive is the experience. It starts off with a scale outside the front door to weigh yourself; you know what kind of food you're getting into. Right when you enter, they put you in a hospital gown and tag you a with medical wrist band. Heart Attack has a Quentin Tarantino type twist to a medical facility, but with a food emphasis theme. There are nice artwork everywhere that changes famous pics to their own food version (look at some of the photos that people have taken). The waitresses dress up as hot nurses and the guy behind the bar, looks like a doctor. Alcoholic shots come in prescription bottles. Portions here are huge! They have up to a Octuple Bypass Burger (8 X 1/2 lbs beef paties, lettuce, red onions, cheese, gourmet sauce, tomato, and 40 bacon slices optional). Chili dog tastes like the chili burger except with a big hot dog meat of course. Fries are deep fried and lard and just taste greasy; chili fries are even more greasy. They even put a slice of butter in your shakes. Be careful what you order though because if you don't finish your food, they will spank you! No sharing allow except for the smallest level items and they will hit you really hard with a wooden paddle, 3 times :/. Being "elite", of course I finished my burger/hotdog ;). A girl yelled out for her mommy, a guy ran and almost cried after being spanked. Overall, a fun place to visit and check out when in Vegas.
4	You get what you pay for. THAT is a high-calorie, greasy, sinfully delicious, artery-clogging burger. Try the penis shots if you dare. Always a pleasure for both ends! (They really do spank you if you don't finish your burger. And boy do those nurses spank hard!)
3	Ordered the 4x4, minus the 20 slices of bacon, just for fun.  It was surprising good...and the chili was bomb-digity! Loved watching my bro-in-law get paddled! A must do tourist attraction if visiting Downtown L.V.
4	We went here after a night of drinking and gambling on Freemont. I found it hilarious and we had a great time. I love the shots in prescription bottles. Nurse waitresses and grown men getting spanked. The food was super greasy but what did you expect? Go here for a greasy burger and a good time.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas, one of my guy friends suggested we try Heart Attack Grill. Wait, let me reiterate, he INSISTED we eat there. I hadn't heard of it before and didn't know what to expect. We arrived about 9pm ish. Outside of the restaurant there is a huge scale that entices drunk people to weigh themselves for all of Freemount St. to see. There's also a neon sign saying if you weigh 350lbs or more you eat for free. Foregoing getting on the scale, we walked in and was immediately accosted by "nurses" in tight & revealing uniforms, who put us in hospital gowns and gave us "hospital wrist bands". Now I know why my friend wanted to come here, the nurses....not to worry girls, the "doctors" are equally hot.Stephanie was our server and she was really friendly. There were 6 of us. Everyone ordered the Single By-Pass Burger with a side of fries except for one who decided on the ginormous Chili Dog. While looking at the menu, it said if you didn't finish your menu, the nurses would spank you. Deciding I didn't want to get spanked, my friend and I decided to share the single. We ordered a couple of shakes to share. Wasn't too keen on the calorie count it claimed but, it was pretty good. We also ordered the peniscillin Jell-O shots. It actually comes out in the shape of a....., well, I'll pass on the graphics and let your imagination go to the dark place. The peniscillin shot is filled with white jello and is like a needle shot you'd get at the doctors's office. Let's just say they aren't served in glasses, you shoot it in your mouth. I would've posted pics but I'll keep this G-rated. The food was nothing special, it's just a burger loaded with bacon and a ton of calories. It was cooked to my liking and I'm so glad I shared with my friend because I could barely finish it. My friend who ordered the chili dog wasn't able to finish his. I pointed out that he was about to get his booty spanked...woot woot and he literally started getting nervous. I actually didn't think they'd spank people but it was fun teasing the drunk guy. He tried to get us to help him but we refused. He tried swapping his basket with another friend who had finished his meal. I reminded him Stephanie would probably remember he ordered the chili dog since he's the only one who ordered it on our table. He said there was no way they would spank customers and was probably a gimmick. Well, what do you know, at that very moment, we hear "pack, pack, pack" and people cheering. A guy was getting spanked! And the nurse wasn't spanking him gently either!  Our friend seriously panicked and started grabbing everyone's basket and trying to hide his unfinished meal. It was hilarious. He was begging us not to tell our waitress. I really wanted to see him get spanked. Guess you had to be there cuz it was very funny seeing him sweating. When the check came, he threw some money on the table and bolted out the door....wuss.The ambience is retro themed, like a novelty fast food burger joint, with hospital decorations. There are a lot of seatings with music playing in the back ground. There's also a scale inside and a few big guys got on it and what do you know, they weigh more than 350 lbs. one guy who I think was their friend was 3 lbs shy. The patrons cheered and were engaging. Maybe because we went late at night, when everyone is "feeling good" the place seemed alive. For me Heart Attack Grill is a one time deal, just to say, I've been there, done that. Don't expect the most amazing burgers. Go there for the novelty. Service was spot on and super friendly, the reason for the 4 star rating. I think the hospital gowns they give you are freshly laundered because when we left we put it in a laundry basket. As many Yelpers have stated, they take cash only. So keep this on mind. It's also kid friendly.
4	Honestly the burgers were mediocre (delicious at first if you're starving!), my friend and I were definitely not feeling so great afterwards because of how much we ate.  Our 'nurse' made our night though.  She was friendly and not fake at all.  I felt some of the others serving that night weren't as enthusiastic or enjoying their job so I enjoyed our experience at this establishment.  If you eat a burger, don't go past 2 patties =)... and don't order fries because you will not reach the fries LOL... Oh gosh I came here from eating little throughout the day and it was NOT a good idea hahah...
5	ya, only go here if you love great burgers, fries, shakes, liquor, atmosphere, service/staff, reasonable prices, and hot chicks ;)
2	I have to say I was not impressed with this place at all.  It has a good gimmick.  When entering there is a huge sign on the door stating cash only and you are reminded of this by the nurse who is positioned behind  a glass wall. She kindly reminds you that it is cash only and they have an ATM if you need it.  All "patients" must wear a hospital gown. We were sat near the paddle station but sadly positioned so we really couldn't see what was really happening except the beatings. :) (You are beaten if you don't finish your food.  in reality, you have to buy one of their souvenir paddles.). It took a bit for our waitress to come over to us to place our orders.  There really isn't much variety on the menu, it is a burger or a chili hot dog.  I got a single burger and my husband order the chili dog with fries.  The burger was bland even with chili on it and the fries were just soggy not crisp at all.  My husband's chili dog didn't have enough chili on it to cover the whole thing. Oh, and you can't just order a glass of water, you have to pay for bottled water and the Coca Cola bottles are the smaller kind.  Paying $3 a pop was not pleasant. We were entertained while we ate as several tourists were being "spanked" but all in all the place is not worth a repeat.  Food was eh, service was eh, and the prices were eh.
4	Awhile back I had the quadruple bypass burger with fries and I almost died.  Not because I had gone to Hamburger heaven but because it tasted like burnt charcoal.  I still ate the whole thing but it scared me to even think about going back again.  This last time I decided to give it one last try and brought my niece , her boyfriend and the nugget.  Well , I am happy to say.. Holy Cow ! I guess they finally got the bugs out.  The burger was juicy although cooked thoroughly, the hamburger buns tasted and as well as texture were like they were made fresh in the back.  It was a surprising redemption and I will definitely come back again.   Just remember folks !  CASH ONLY and if you don't finish your burger you get a spanking !  optional I would imagine.. hilarious none the less !
2	Looked cool on tv. Tasted like nothing to brag about. Yes the medical theme is cool, the girls are basically hooters girls in nurse outfits. You wear a hospital gown and there's cool decor and eye candy. People get spanked Your wallet is also getting spanked. $13 for a single burger, fries, and coke? And I missed what was so awesome about it. They don't put pickles or lettuce on the burgers, they're pretty plain. I thought the bun would be sinfully delicious, nope!! Nothing special there. And the fries were nothing special, I really don't get what the appeal of the actual food is. Five Guys is way better, even Wendy's is better. Our server was not that great. Waited 20 minutes to get our check and the place wasn't even crowded on a Saturday at 230pm. Skip it and grab a 99 cent fried Twinkie down the street.
4	So I came here with some friends recently and we thought to ourselves, hey let's check out Heart Attack Grill! This restaurant is located on Fremont St (the Fremont Street Experience). Once you arrive there, you will notice a HUGE scale in front of the entrance. Apparently if you weigh 350 lbs or more - you can eat free!But anyways, as we walked inside, the hostess (dressed as a nurse) greets you and gives you a patient wristband that says (I survived a bypass @ Heart Attack Grill) as well as a patient gown. PS - you return those gowns after your visit, too bad we don't get to keep them as a souvenir! :DAs for the menu, for drinks they offer shakes, water, Cola, and alcoholic drinks (in syringe shots). My boyfriend wanted to try the Chocolate butter fat shake. The appearance of it is enough to make someone lose their appetite LOL, but it tasted pretty good. If you want water, they pretty much just give you a water bottle so I don't know about refills.We both ordered the single bypass cheeseburger. Each "bypass" is the equivalent of a burger patty. I think the most you can order is a quadruple bypass, in which you get a free wheelchair ride by the waitress nurse. The burger itself was good, but nothing too special. We also had the chili cheese fries, which were also delicious.BE FOREWARNED (for those who are kinky and/or enjoy crime & punishment)If you do not finish your burger, you are entitled to 3-4 spanks by your nurse waitress. And on top of that, they videotape it for you to watch at home on their main website. Pretty cool, huh? It looks pretty painful. Depending on the nurse waitress you get, some hit harder than others. One of the customers got spanked and the paddle broke, LOL.But overall, I would have to say that this place is more for the "experience" rather than the food, since it tasted like any other burger place (except more fattier).So would I come here again? It was an interesting experience, but one heart attack is good enough for me. :)
1	A restaurant in the desert that charges 2 bucks for a bottle of water.
3	Cash onlyThis place would fall under my "must try once" list. We ordered a burger, fries, coke and a butter milkshake. The burger we ordered was the smallest burger on the menu which was in my opinion still pretty large. With the restaurant being called "Heart Attack Grill" you would think that the burgers itself would be really good.  Unfortunately, it wasn't. I guess you come here for quantity, not quality.   As for the fries, it was alright. The one that surprised me most of all would have to be the butter milkshake.  It was better than what I expected it to be.They do have an interesting theme. Waitresses are dressed up in nurse uniforms (not scrubs) and patrons are given hospital gowns to wear while eating at the restaurant. We actually took a picture with the owner who was dressed up as a doctor. My coworker recommended I try this place out and he mentioned that he got spanked for not eating all his food. We came when the restaurant just opened so the only people in there were a group of Japanese tourists who seem to be enjoying the place greatly. We didn't see any spanking or any of that sort because we ate all our food and we left before the group of tourists could. They also advertise that people who weigh over 350 lbs eat for free. Would I recommend this place? Yes, but just to try once. It's called Heart Attack Grill.  I doubt anyone wants to increase their chances of a heart attack.
2	I've been here twice - with non-local friends of course who insisted to eat here. I got good health insurance and a gym membership, I'm covered. Right outside the restaurant is an old-school ambulance and a sign on top that says "350LBS EATS FREE". A glutton's open invite to a free, well, heart attack. People have had heart attacks while eating here - surprise! CASH only!!!Servers are dressed up as slutty nurses and the guys that work there are dressed up as doctors. Diners put on a hospital gown. If you look like you weigh about 350lbs, they'll weigh you so you can eat for free and get heavier.Burgers: single bypass, double bypass, triple bypass or quadruple bypass (one patty, 2, 3, 4 patties) cooked in lard and you have an option to add bacon. Fries are of course, cooked in lard.Drinks: soda, milkshake with butter and alcohol.Both times I've been here, I've gotten a single bypass with bacon, fries and a water. I don't care if it's toilet water, there's no way I'm drinking butter! The patty is cooked well-done (boo!), the bread is nice and soft, and the bacon is crispy. The fries are made with real potatoes...woohoo! It's alright...Would I take anyone I love and care about here? Heck no! I'd rather bring them to one of those trendy yuppie chow places! :))
5	I love the total experience here. You have to get checked in, then you get your gown and then you are seated. The waitresses are all dressed as sexy nurses.Downside is they only offer chili, onion, tomato, cheese and bacon to go in your burger. No pickles or relish etc. They also dont ask you how you want it cooked..Upside is the shakes with brownie chunks in it is heavenly!! Its also freaking huge. Along with the single bypass burger.Biggest upside is you get 3 spanks with a paddle if you dont finish your food.Great to experience at least once, but unless you want a spanking from a hot nurse you better go hungry.Fyi I didnt finish my food ;)
2	We went on September 1st.  It's a nice gimmick restaurant with overpriced food.  I guess you could do it once to say you did it, but I would never go back.  It is cash only.  You would be better off to eat at In and Out, and use the money you saved for the buffet at Caesers.
1	First...they wont take a credit card.  That alone will keep me from going back.  Second...very poor service.  The waitress took our order and never came back.  I had to walk up to the front just to ask for the ticket so that I could pay.  They sent me back to my table and told me to wait for the [absent] waitress to bring me the check.  I also was not brought my entire order.  They went back to the kitchen to get the rest but never returned.  Third...the options were dismal even though the portions were large.  They have no pickles for burgers, no BBQ sauce, and no cheese (unless you call American "cheese"..I dont).  The meat patty was overcooked and dry.  The fries were newly made yet still soggy in an unpleasant way.  I must say that the top of the bun was delicious and well toasted.  Unfortunately the bottom of the bun was very soggy.  While the gimmicky decoration and medical theme was cute....it was definitely not worth going back for and not at all worth the price of the meal.
1	this place brings horrible to a new level. for starters, i understand that its there fad thing with the gowns but i mean.... why say everyone has to wear one... then ask if its okay.... we came in before the rest of our group and he needed to use the restroom so when he went the "nurse" asked what are you doing like he was doing something wrong.... then made me go back on the other side because you cant be accross it.... okay fine.... whatever.... then they kept asking over and over do you wanna sit do you wanna sit etc...... and we explained were waiting on the rest of our party. then find out they only have mexican (real sugar coke) or bottled water (2 dollars each for either) unless you want a shake with a pad of butter on it.... or alcohol. then we find out that you can split the single but not the double, okay thats fine that didnt bother me... but heres what did the fact that it was followed up with, if i or anyone here sees you get it and split it we will box up your food and ask you to leave. really?its really just a horrible place....as for the food, it was OK nothing special at all, just greasy.... and the milk shake had a weird chewy butter texture.... gross. (also must confess im not a fan of the pad of butter on top) besides that, the fries were OK chili was OK just overall bleck.... wouldnt go back....ever.
4	This place opened up about a year before I left Vegas and I didn't get to try it before I moved.  So on our most recent visit, we decided to stop by and give it a try.  When you walk in, you have to "check-in" with a nurse.  She explains that you have to put on a hospital gown to eat, no exceptions.  It was kind of cheesy, but we decided to go through with it.  We put the gown on and got seated.The place is unapologetic about the calories, fat content, and "unhealthiness" of their food....I love it.  It's decorated with items that pay homage to the Burger and fast food in general.  Great atmosphere!After browsing the menu, we decided to order:Single Bypass Burger w/Chili, $8.33 w/Bacon add $.92http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=uj3i3yx8JLKs3lPRgX-DPg#uj3i3yx8JLKs3lPRgX-DPghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=QQIixogPUXOCtbBApuY8uA#QQIixogPUXOCtbBApuY8uADouble Bypass Burger w/Chili, $10.18 w/Fries add $1.85http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=iMGyagPk5P5CEFeL-i2MTg#iMGyagPk5P5CEFeL-i2MTghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=d9VovEyM0XKeZtaXLsxx-g#d9VovEyM0XKeZtaXLsxx-g24 oz Old English 800, $4.62http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=XlYk2VgSXo9EnsgDwaW2KA#XlYk2VgSXo9EnsgDwaW2KAWhile we were waiting for our food, we saw some people getting spanked really hard with a paddle by their nurse server....what the heck is going here?  We soon discovered that if you didn't finish your food, you'd get spanked really hard by your nurse....LOL!  You can't make this stuff up!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=cUc5xHa4bttx2mE06C8WAg#cUc5xHa4bttx2mE06C8WAgPeople were getting spanked like crazy throughout dinner....some people did it just so they could get pictures taken and posted on social media.  In case you don't have a social media account, they have a camera that takes your pic while getting spanked and posts it on their account for you...genius marketing tool.After a short wait, we got our food order.  The 24 oz can of Old E came in a paper bag that says "Feeling Ghetto?"....LMAO, yep I sure did.  Hilarious.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heart-attack-grill-las-vegas?select=XlYk2VgSXo9EnsgDwaW2KA#XlYk2VgSXo9EnsgDwaW2KAI bit into my Double Bypass Burger....it was very good.  The Chili reminded me of Tommy Burgers back in LA....the Burger is large and heavy....but very tasty.  The Fries are large Steak-Cut Fries....also very good.  This thing had to be a ton of calories....but it was worth it!We both finished our meals because we didn't want to get spanked.  It was a lot of fun and I would recommend trying it at least once.Return Factor - 85%
2	What a strange little place! The atmosphere was clean. The nurses were friendly but a little ditsy (both our drinks and food was delivered to the wrong table). I went there expecting the most amazing burger and shake since they are so proud of the calories. Totally and completely not worth the calories. I wouldn't mind the calories if the food was amazing but it was sub-par at best. I had a single bypass burger and a brownie shake. I have had better burger and shakes at Steak and Shake. My 20 year old son was with me and he was less than impressed too.
2	Wasn't a big fan of this place at all. Didn't live up to the hype. It is very much a you don't like it, there's the door. It's a fun environment and everyone is very friendly but the food wasn't that good. Check out the website before you decide to go.
1	Nice concept and all but the food is horrible.  Not that its not healthy, its BLUNT. If its not healthy anymore it might as well taste good, right?
1	I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place since I was so angry eating here. I will throw out the whole concept, and strange hospital gown you have to wear. 1. The service is horrible!! Horrible! Horrible!! The waitresses are mean, unhelpful, obviously hate their jobs other than the part where they get to spank people. (The only actual smile the waitresses had) 2. The prices are high! with extremely low quality food. 3. I got the single bypass with bacon and chili and the burger was as extremely overdone and the chili had the consistency of diarrhea with the taste of blended Walmart brand chili while the fries were soggier than I thought possible.They also only serve bottled drinks here. So no you can't have a glass of water. Within 20 of eating here my entire group of 8 people had to run to the Golden Nugget to take emergency dumps! Why would you go here!!Don't GO HERE!STOP!! If you are in Fremont right now and looking at this review! Save your money and just take a cab to In N Out!oh yeah Cash only here! wtf why would a newer sit down restaurant be Cash Only! Get a Square or Paypal reader! Yes complaining about cash only is fair because it shows what a greasy cheap under the table establishment this is.(oh bookkeeping and 3% is too expensive for this obvious cheaply ran place)  That is an inconvenience as someone that messaged me complained about this review. Cash only businesses don't get called out as a negative if the meal is less than $10 or an exceptional mom and pop shop; this place is clearly neither. Very easily one of the top 5 worst businesses I have ever reviewed.
3	This is defiantly a place to go just to say you have been here. The food is ok nothing that I would go back because I craved it, but than again that's probably good considering how big their burgers are. And if you don't finish your burger you get spanked by your nurse server. Well if you like to be spanked don't finish. We didn't know about that added attraction, I can say I'm glad I didn't order a burger just fries because I know I can't eat a lot. I did like the wine IV bag that is a really cute idea.
4	This place is kinda crazy!They make you wear a hospital patient gown before you are seated to dine there. They are not shy when they list the food items as being loaded w fat, calories, and artery logging ingredients! I like how they have a full bar as well as 20oz. cans of select beers on hand too! The posters on the walls tell it all. If you don't finish your burger you WILL get spanked on your bottom with a paddle by several of the waitresses there. Not that that's a bad thing!  :D
1	Zero stars!  I could go on and on about the horrific food my boyfriend and I attempted to eat at this place- burgers were like shoe leather and the "fries" looked like  a dirty, wet sponge-but I don't want to waste another moment on this "establishment". You should be ashamed of yourself, owner of Heart Attack Grill. Worst food ever!DO NOT EAT HERE!!
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. The worst burger joint EVER. Service was horrible, waitress was super rude. STUPID RULES. You CANNOT SHARE YOUR FOOD or take it home. and if you dont finish all of it you get spanked with a paddle. (Pretty hard I might add) and u would not finish your food because it is downright NASTY. Ive had better burgers from burger king. Single bypass was dry tasted like crap. Super low quality food. Chili seriously reminded me of dog food. Everyone In my group was severely dissapointed and I would never suggest anyone waste their money here. Goto in n out. way cheaper. Way better.
5	Awesome burger! Be careful even with the double bypass  burger!!!! If you don't finish u will be spanked!
4	Wow, I tried, I really did.  But the Double beat me.  This place, like all things in life, are gonna be as fun as you make it.  People who can eat more than the doubles are from another planet.  The double was good and the chili rocked.  My cousin ordered the same with but with bacon and killed it!  Me on the other hand, I gave it my all but came up short and had to suffer the spanks from the Naughty Nurse.  Did I really lose?
2	This place is quite shocking. I'm giving it one extra star for the experience.  I would say it is a place meant for people who have a fetish for gluttony. You need to be really open minded coming here.  Stepped on the large scale outside and I first weighed in at 105 lbs.  walking in I could not figure out how to enter.  I attempted to walk in through the turnstyle and failed.  Finally a nurse came and dressed me in a hospital gown.  I totally felt uncomfortable because all I could think about was being in a hospital where there are germs and sickness.  (It was a Psychological discomfort). And all of a sudden we saw people getting spanked by a midget who rides around in a mini ambulance to deliver food. It looked like it was so hard and painful!!  So as we were looking at the menu we read all these rules.  I was definitely not going to submit myself to such nonsense. I have absolutely no ass to save my life!  And it was a turn off that we would get punished for not finishing our food.  Skinny bitch was def in the wrong place.  We shared a burger and I ordered a butter fat shake.  I LOVE butter and all unhealthy delicious food, this got me excited and it tasted so yumm. But I could barely drink much it was extremely rich. The way they personalize and serve shots in a prescription bottle is really cool.  What grossed me out is that I bit into a part in my burger that was cold and hard that I could not chew. It was a large enough chunk. It was definitely the insides of a cow that I probably would not want to eat.  I made it out without punishment.  I wanted to try the wine that they serve in an IV but I was much too full. Upon leaving I weighed in at 107lbs. Can't be?  2 lbs?!
1	We went to the heart attack today 11/13/13  as we both wanted a cheeseburger that was dripping with calories.  The "nurses" are cute and wear very short outfits....BUT, the food is not good at all.  You can only get the burger "well done" so you might as well eat the sole of your shoe.  The French fries were mushy, no crispness to them at all.  We ate 4 or 5 of them and left the rest.  The nurse relayed our complaint to the manager and came back and said, "That is the way we cook them here"!  Besides being a bad experience, it's expensive too.  Pass this up.....there are better burger restaurants in town.Chuck A.
5	Great food, great service, and great environment!  We had double bypass and It was amazing! Definitely recommend this place.
1	We visited Fremont Street and stopped here for lunch. Being a fan of themed restaurants, we thought we'd try it. I immediately hated the theme. It's a hospital for craps sake. Sorry but sickness and food don't pair well. And the little hospital gowns have got to go. My husband ordered a burger and fries. The fries were brown. THEY WERE BROWN! How the hell do you get brown fries?? The burger was gross. He only ate half of it. When ordering, the waitress/nurse warned if you didn't eat it all then you get a spanking. What hospital spanks?? A porn hospital maybe. Whatever. I think I gave out the "don't even freaking touch us" vibe, because she didn't. I ordered a chocolate butterfat shake, not knowing what they meant by "butterfat". It came with a pat of butter in it, like some kind of garnish. Butter is not a garnish for ice cream. Blech!Oh and.... It's cash only. Seriously? Ok I get the joke of "no checks, you might die before it clears" as fitting in with the whole hospital theme. No restaurant takes checks. But geez, take debit cards. Food not good.Theme is horrible.I don't recommend!
1	If I could give negative stars I would.  First, I'd like to say it's not because the food was only mediocre but because the management staff was very unprofessional.  I and my family visited the heart attach grill because I'd seen it on the travel channel and thought it was cute and we should check them out.  We ordered and the food came and my cousin pinched a bit of the meat to taste and immediately didn't like it.  She politely asked if they could take the burger back as she didn't like it.  To try and make a long story short the original waitress didn't take the food back another one was stopped to take it she almost dropped it catching it with her hands to avoid that and the burger made it's round back to our table through 3 different hands.  When the manager was asked to come by she went on to tell my cousin she had to eat the burger and she wouldn't take it off the bill.  My cousin told her she would take the burger if they made a new one because the original had been touched by 3 different people at this point.  Well, the manager told my cousin "you're going to eat that "f"ing burger!"  Wow, we were all totally shocked she cursed without being provoked. My cousin wasn't yelling or anything and to add to the problem there were several small children in the establishment.  I was astounded I just couldn't believe the manager would talk that way to customers.  To add, we paid the bill minus the burger my cousin didn't eat and the manager ran outside to start a fight with my cousin.  Worst place ever.  I'm writing their corporate office today as well but I doubt they'll do anything about that manager.
3	We went there on our honeymoon and it was an enjoyable experience .kinda fun putting on the gowns and talking to the nurse. So overall the experience of it was pretty fun got to watch a guy weigh in and since he weighed over 350 bells and lites went off cause his meal was gonna be free! The nurses were friendly and all had good sense of humor! But the food was not good at all burger was tasteless ,chili was freaking terrible fries were soggy and disgusting. Prolly won't go back but we did buy a paddle
4	I had heard about this place on the news, so I knew this was going to be a cool experience and it was. They first put a hospital gown on you to simulate you being in a hospital. Then we looked at the menu and saw Burgers and Hot Dogs or should I say Cows and Dauchsunds. These meals were so huge it was incredible to think that anyone could eat this stuff. Everything had chili on it and there was not a salad or Diet drink anywhere in the house. They truly live up to it's name. I don't know what is more odd, the fact that they feed customers who are over 350 lbs. for free or that they literally spank their customers after they have eaten. Luckily was not either of the two, but I did manage to eat 90% of my "Double Bypass Burger" which was humongous. Those in my party could not even put a dent in their literal "Footlong" hotdog smothered in chili so I took that home and had my way with it. It's taken me about a week to run off all those carbs from that meal alone. Some of the hilarious points of this place was the waitresses being dressed as nurses, the owner was dressed like a doctor and the men's urinals in the restroom had photos of George W. Bush and Barack Obama....I chose Obama. Ha ha ha!!
1	My girlfriend and I went to Vegas, and decided to eat at the Heart Attack Grill, which I regretted.  First off, it's cash only, secondly, the quality / flavor of the food is the worst I've had.  How hard is it to screw this up? Seriously? It's a burger / hot dogs and fries place... how can it be bad? How do you mess that up? This place expects to stay in business based entirely on notoriety, I.E. the shock value of eating here.  The hamburger had no taste whatsoever, I suspect it was grade B beef. The bacon looked and tasted like it was cooked days ago, then put under a heat lamp.  I will give them one point - the chili had some flavor,  but the fries like many here have stated were not good. I ate a very large hot dog, and half an order of fries at 1:00pm, and then was throwing up at 6:00 that evening, and couldn't eat again until 11:00pm. It ruined my whole Saturday.  My girlfriend didn't feel well after eating here either.
1	My friends and I ate here last week, thinking it would be delicious given the concept that everything is unhealthy and fried in lard. I really liked the theme and thought it was cute how they had hospital gowns and everything was hospital themed, but unfortunately... the food was terrible.The burgers were so overcooked and DRY. It was incredibly difficult to choke down. And you HAVE to finish it or else they spank you. I wasn't worried about that at first because I was super hungry and expecting something delicious, but after I took my first bite, I got a little nervous. I ended up spitting half of it out into my napkin because of how terrible it tasted. (Afterwards, we realized that umm... it's not like they can force you to be spanked. You can just say no. But when you're there, it's intimidating!!)  The fries were nothing special. It's also very weird that they don't accept credit cards. They take orders on iPhones. It's pretty damn cheap to add a card reader to the iPhone. I don't understand what the big deal is. Cute idea, but they REALLY need to work on their food. I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't recommend it.
2	The one star is for the paintings on the wall, the other is for the poor women that work here. This place sucks. The "cheese" on the burger is processed American cheese. The burger is a small step up from McDonalds. Want some water, nothing is free here, you have to buy a bottle. 3 Wifi networks, can I use one of them? Nope. Keep walking tourists, nothing to see here.
3	It is a themed restaurant and NO WHERE near gourmet food quality.It is good for laughs but don't be in a hurry they are SLOW........... and they make you pay with cash but take orders on iPhones. WTF get a square and make it easy on your customers.If over 350 you eat for free. Otherwise yuppy ate paying for the decor and theme.If you want a unique theme and plenty of pics then this is your place
5	The burgers and fries are great.... my boyfriend had their hot dog with chili cheese and bacon and absolutely loved it. I thought the hospital gowns they make all patrons wear were fun and super cute to go with the theme. Our waitress was extremely nice and on the ball we never had to wait for anything she was on top of her game and we all ordered drinks that came with custom pill bottle shot glasses. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone it gets a big thumbs up
2	We wanted to check this place out after hearing about it on various food shows and its reputation. We walked in and the hostess let us know that the whole restaurant was hospital themed and that we would need to wear hospital gowns to enter.  This was interesting to us, since obviously other people wear these and that means that they were eating in these - so fingers crossed that they are cleaned after each person, but I highly doubt it.After getting our gowns on we were sat and looked over the menu. Everything was a bit more pricey than your average burger joint, but obviously you are in a tourist area, and everything is a bit more here.  The cheeseburger was good, but not the best ever.  The fries we didn't really care for.The theme and decor were fun and kitchy, and you can tell they gear what they do to the tourist, one-time patron, crowd. I doubt locals frequent this place.The cash only part was a big downer. Overall: C+The decor and theme are a novelty thing, but the food is just okay and after doing it once, I highly doubt we'd ever go back.
5	I absolutely love this place! Awesome decor and great service! I ordered the Single Bypass burger and split it with a friend! I enjoyed the music videos and the awesome hospital gowns! This place is definitely crossed off my to do list! =D
5	You come here for an experience. Not necessarily for the absolute best burger you're ever going to have in your life. The burger I had was not bad one bit. I ordered the Single Bypass Burger; topped with cheese, chilli and five slices of bacon. I also had the chocolate butterfat shake which is loaded with liquor. The best part of coming here is getting spanked when you don't finish your burger. I could have finished it entirely but, I really wanted to have a picture taken getting spanked with the paddle. I will say this, the burgers are quite large, tasty and not intended to be healthy. For Heaven's sake, they use butterfat and lard. Where else are you going to say you had this kind of experience while on vacation?Please Note: This restaurant only accepts cash as a form of payment. Also, you are really going to get spanked with a paddle. So brace yourself to the handle bars provided and take it. It's all about the experience.
5	First of all, you have to go to this restaurant for the entertainment factor.  Nobody goes to Disneyland for the great hot dogs right?  You go to this restaurant for the fun factor.  The food is a bit expensive for what you get, but considering the experience I'd honestly pay double.  They only accept cash, they offer wine in an IV bag and cheap beer straight from the 24 ounce can!  The food is very basic: hamburgers, hot dogs, milk shakes, fries, beer, and cheap wine.  If you weigh 350 pounds or more, you get your hamburger and fries for free.  When you walk in the door, you are "checked in" to the hospital with a hospital admission wrist band and a hospital gown.  All of the staff are very pretty women dressed as sexy nurses.  The sexy isn't over the top, so there were a lot of kids there.  You're seated, place your order, then your food arrives pretty quickly.   We ordered two of their standard hamburgers (one way bypass) with fries and a PBR.  I think our bill was around $30.  You'll be plenty full after your meal because everything is made without worrying about calories.  If you don't finish your food, your waitress will ask you to move to the center of the restaurant for a spanking in front of everyone with a wooden paddle.  Of course, you can decline.  The waitress prepared to paddle my wife and I yelled "spank her hard!"  She was spanked normally just like everyone else.  When it was my turn, the waitress insisted on spanking me 3 times.  I'm certain that our waitress played softball or tennis because she damn near broke the paddle on my butt. The manager (I think her name is Tracy) was so nice to us, and chatted with us during our entire meal.  We had a terrific time and we'll certainly go back next time we are in Vegas.By the way, this is Vegas.  If you are in Vegas, I hope you have a sense of humor.  It's a town where trucks with billboards drive up and down the strip offering "girls to your room tonight," the casinos are filled with smoke, and people hemorrhage their life savings every day.  Heart Attack Grill is a nice break from all of that.  It's just basic American greasy food served by sexy nurses who spank you with a wooden paddle if you don't finish your meal.  So, go to the Heart Attack Grill- and ask for Tracie.  Tell her that you want one of her special pina colada jello shots.  Trust me, you'll laugh until you cry.  Get a burger, try to finish it... or don't try, if you're into that.
4	Fun atmosphere, great theme. The food is huge and really does make you feel like you might have a heart attack. The quality of the beef on the burger seemed off, maybe just because they're trying to stuff so much fat in there.
2	definitely a different experience...they have a sign saying over 350 pounds eat free, the waitresses are dressed as naughty nurses and you get in a hospital gown before you eat....they promote obesity with high calorie burgers that they promote for having the most calories in a burger (world record)  Reviews play non-stop of tv interviews, exposes, etc. talking about how bad this place is for you and people have actually died in their restaurant eating their burgers...this is what kind of place it is.  Different for sure, but kind of disgusting and we couldn't even come close to eating the burgers-the punishment...taken to the center of the restaurant to get spanked...and as hard as the waitress can swing it, is as hard as you get hit-be prepared
1	It has taken me more than10 minutes to find a menu online for this place......really?pass
4	The Heart Attack Grill is fun.If you love kooky stuff like hospital gowns, sexy nurses, and crazy alarms, you'll be right at home here. The food here is EXTREMELY indulgent, but it all tastes great (yes, even the butter chocolate shake). It's not gourmet, but it makes for a good vacation destination.
2	It is a novelty restaurant.  So the nurses look good but the food is not the best. If you are there for the novelty of getting a free burger or to get spanked by the nurses it is cool. If you are looking for a great meal you may choose other options.
3	Heart Attack Grill is a hamburger joint with a zany parallel universe hospital theme.  Waitresses dress in somewhat provocative nurse outfits (The type of nurse outfits you'll see in fantasy playbacks in movies with everything all boosted up and sticking out).  Following the theme, each customer is required to wear hospital gowns upon entrance.  Their burger is eloquently named the "bypass" and depending on the number of patties it'll be the single, double, triple, quadruple (more if you'd like...) "bypass".  When a place is called heart attack anything, it is a strong red flag that a vegetarian option may be out of the question.  Parodied movie posters are plastered all over the walls.  While I'm no Jason Bourne, I always do a scan of any place I go too before settling in my seat.  Here my sights stopped on a rather large scale.  Above the scale was an indicator pronouncing whoever weighs 350 lbs, WILL EAT FREE!  First off, if you weigh that much, eating here may be hazardous to your health.  I was lucky enough to see a fellow customer climb onto that scale and "win" a free meal.  Sirens went off with applause following.  A close buddy from L.A. had been talking about trying this place out on a couple occasions.  The three of us looking at menus in hospital gowns was a sight to see.  After a couple chuckles we ordered.  The smallest of the group ended up ordering the triple bypass while I chickened out and got the double.  We all shared a side of chili cheese fries which could have fed five or more easily.  Sizes are massive and while I did finish most of it; I don't think it was a particularly good idea.  Splicing chili on top of each burger patty inserted another layer of taste to a burger that consisted mainly of overly greasy meat flavor.  Take out the notion I was clogging my arteries at an exponential rate after each bite, the burger was ok.    The novelty of it all is an experience in itself.  Seeing a couple Japanese tourists being spanked by the nurse waitresses is another interesting sight.  Rule is if you don't finish, you get spanked.  I'm assuming this was optional since any normal human would assuredly have trouble finishing these burgers and not everyone got spanked.  Aligning their extreme gimmick with the same motto of a more adult Hooter's equating to more show than emphasis on food, Heart Attack Grill is worth at least ONE visit.  I don't know about a second.  My heart may not be able to handle it.
1	Nicht besonders zu empfehlen, die Mega burger sind war nett und ein Highlight zum anschauen aber leider nur fettig und knorpelig.... Das Ambiente ist nett mit den Krankenschwestern aber das war es leider auch schon....
3	This place is a try-once gimmick. I laughed, thought it was interesting, ate, felt nauseous, and have never felt the need to return.
3	Food was average but it was a fun time. My burger was great, but I'm not that picky. Boyfriends huge hotdog was too greasy, but he wolfed down 95% anyway. Soo because he didn't finish his meal the waitress wanted to spank him. We went with it and he got paddled 3 times in front of everyone and we still laugh about it. It's not a place for people who are uptight, but if you want a fun experience this place is worth it.
3	Heart attack grill is a place where you should visit once and once only. It has an interesting hospital theme with fun burger posters hung along the wall. The servers are dressed up either as "sexy nurses" scrubs. The servers are fun and attentive and creates a great atmosphere for the guests to enjoy. The whole environment is the reason why hubby and I decided to try the place in the first place. Now onto the food... You would think that a place where everything is deep fried in fat and butter would be good, but the hamburger patty is plain and dry, the chili is meh, the fries are over cooked.  The only thing I liked is probably my coke.If you ever have the urge to try this place, I recommend going with a friend so you can split a single patty, enjoy the environment, then go somewhere else for better food.
2	Mediocre Food and Pushy Service!
1	Four of us went here for lunch on 02/27/14 and we all agreed it was the WORST hamburger we ever had.  The meat was tasteless and very dry and the hotdog was so awful my husband hardly ate any of it.  We all had to try the hotdog to believe it was that bad, and one bite was enough to confirm.  I don't understand how the owner can serve that kind of beef when it is his entire menu.  Perhaps if he ever tried a good burger, like perhaps Chili's burgers, he would change his meat supplier.  It was also very boring that there were no other choices of food for lunch, and not even one good dessert.  I think the waitress offered a milkshake for dessert.  Really?? The one thing we did enjoy was the French fries, but that wasn't enough to ever go back.  I spent about $70.00 (including tip) on a lunch nobody liked.  This was our only bad meal in 5 days in Vegas.
5	Other than the fat worried this place is cool. Lola was cool and sexy girl she is ;-)
4	I loveddddd this place, this restaurant themed restaurant is not only fun, but also very unique. The food is excellent and every detail is very well thought out. When you first walk in the host places a hospital gown on you and a hospital admission wrist band. All around the restaurant the hospital theme is reflected. The servers are all dressed as nurses and I also saw a doctor somewhere. We ordered a regular burger and the quadruple bypass. The burgers were amazing. Juicy and tasty. The fries were crispy and just perfectly salty. You cannot order diet coke since this is an "unhealthy" place but the coke comes in this really cute bottle. There is also a huge scale outside that you can weigh yourself on going in and out of the restaurant. Also you cannot use a credit card bc if you do have a heart attack while eating then your bill will left unpaid haha. Anyways this was a great experience and if this place would not make my cholesterol sky rocket and my arteries clog, then I would go back every time I visit Vegas. It's a must try if you are traveling through Vegas.
1	COOL, FUN, PLACE. FOOD SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have had better burgers at Denny's. The fries were cold and tasteless. They take CASH ONLY and I know why, the prices are a joke. Walk in look around then go some place else to eat.
2	Ok...let me start out by saying no one should come here looking for gourmet food or service.  It is NOT fine dining, but fun dining.  The food, although ok is not the reason most, if anyone actually comes here, it's for the experience.  Now, with that said any place that you can only order bacon on a burger in strips of 5, 10, 15 or 20 is alright in my book!From the time you walk in till you leave you are gowned in a medical gown and serviced by crazy naughty nurses and cooking doctors.  The service has slowly digressed into a more traditional process, but depending on the nurse in question can be very entertaining.  The hamburgers are big and greasy; the fries are just alright unless drowned in the chili sauce they add.  The beer selection is horrible at best, but they are kind enough to put it in a brown paper bag to hide their limited selection of nasty beers.WARNIING...DO NOT tease your nurse then not eat your entire order as they will mock you into getting a spanking.  I managed to get down most of my massive order of food, but had a few bites left and was selected as the sacrificial lamb for my table's gluttony.  The nurse assured me it would hurt and to be honest...it did!  I think she took a running start and tried to break the paddle all three swats.  She was even kind enough to give me her business card with a link to the video they take of the experience so you can relive it over and over.
4	If the food were a bit better, I'd give it five stars.  The place is a gimmick restaurant, and it's in a city that is perfect for it.  Some people love the gimmick, some don't, hence all the negative reviews from people getting worked up about not having $10 burger quality in their $8 burger (probably about $4 burger quality).  Oh yeah, they're cash only too, so keep that in mind before showing up with only plastic.So, with that being said, if you buy into the gimmick, how can you not love the place?  I'm a child of the 80's, so I grew up in the hair band and real hip hop era.  This place has tv's scattered about all over the place playing mostly music videos from that era, from both genre's, so if you are in your 30's, you'll probably really enjoy yourself with the music selection.If you don't care about that kind of music and just love to booze, this place is still great compared to the other options in and around downtown Vegas.  Their shots are expensive, but their shots are 4 ounces, so compared to the 2.5 shots you'd have had to purchase elsewhere, you come out a bit ahead here.  You can mix your shot with whatever mixer they have, including frozen drinks and several sodas, none of which are prefaced by the word "diet".  The shot is delivered in a medicine bottle with a personalized prescription on it.  I personally drink the frozen margaritas; the mango is really great.  Gets me a little tipsy and then I go lose my money at the craps table.Other drink options?  Continuing the theme, they of course have five or six brands of malt liquor if you're "feeling ghetto"; these include Olde English 800, Colt 45, etc.; all in cans that come in brown paper bags of course.They have a vending machine that sells unfiltered cigarettes, and candy cigarettes if you just want to pretend to destroy your lungs.The servers, i.e. "nurses", will spank you if you don't finish your food, or they'll just spank you if you ask them to; it's a great challenge amongst a drunk group of guys as to who can withstand the most punishment.  You'll see people from all walks of life in here to get a spanking so don't be surprised if you see something completely unexpected.Now the food.  Yes, if you weigh 350 pounds or more, you eat free.  Their burgers are run of the mill; about what you'd get at a Waffle House late at night; i.e. you're not going to make a trip just to eat here.  It's food though, so combined with the entertainment and booze, it gets the job done, just doesn't make you call your mama and tell her how great it is.One last thing; if you're a bleeding heart liberal, you'll probably be offended by their receipts.  Where the receipt would normally report "sales tax", the text has been replaced with "Obama's cut".
2	Ok, I know from watching all the information about this place its not suppose to be the best you have ever gone, but the atmospehre was fun and entertaining, but the food was horrible, too greasy, the chili on the burgers doesnt help any either, I know its not suppose to be the best food around, but have some taste. The chili cheese fries were alright, but you dont get much of a choice on drinks, you dont get free refills, you would think that after offering that you might get water free. I would probably not go there again, but we tried it and that is all.
3	This place is fun. Good music. The nurses spank you if you do not finish your food, which drew an audience from people passing by outside. Food portions are oversized. The food is not great, but it is something you should try at least once.I ordered the 1/2 pound chilli dog with fries, a jello shot and vanilla butterfat milkshake. I sure felt like dying later, but really did not want to be spanked.
5	First off I don't think this place is supposed to have the best burger. I give this place 5 stars because the environment is awesome, beer giant burgers, doctor waiters, nurses paddle your but if you don't finish your food or just for the fun if it. It's cash only just burgers and fries, and a giant hot dog. The art around the restraunt is super cool. If u weigh more then 350. Lbs u eat free
5	I went back to Vegas last week for the 2nd time n I had to come back to Heart Attack Grill! The atmosphere is great the staff is so nice and will take pics with you as well as for you! This time I was spanked for not completing my meal and I liked it! kmsl The food is so damn good every time I go to Vegas I will eat there..... You have to get into the theme n wear a hospital gown It's a must you go for the food and the experience!
1	mediocre burger. got the single. horrible service. will never ever ever ever ever ever come back here. would have gave 0 stars if possible. The waitress was very rude and the "manager" was as well. I'm upset that I spent my money here. I had family in town who really wanted to visit this place so I stayed if not for guests I would have left immediately when I realized that you had to wear a hospital gown to eat here. First and last time and I will make sure to let friends & family know about my horrible experience.
1	I came here because a group of us were downtown.  When I entered I thought that it was a stupid gimik but I went a long with it because I was hungry and in a hurry. We ordered our food and when it arrived it wasn't the greatest.  It didn't taste that great and the atmosphere was cheesy.  While we were eating we heard a couple come in and ask to be seated.  The nurse at the front told them that they would have to put on a hospital gown.  The girl in the couple looked at the gowns and noticed that they weren't clean.  Thats when I looked mine over and noticed that she was right.  She immediately said that because she has been diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder; she shouldn't be forced to wear that.  I know someone who lives with that disorder so I know that they have high anxiety when it comes to cleanliness.  The nurse argued with her until the girl asked to talk to a manager.  The nurse yelled across the restaurant to an old guy in a Dr outfit who claimed he owned the place.  He arrogantly asked "what's the problem," in the same tone the nurse was having with the two patrons.  The girl stated that she didn't want to wear the medical gown because she didn't trust how clean it was and the manager said, "leave then!"  The girl responded, "you would rather us eat somewhere else instead of voting with our dollars here?"The so called manager started to get in both of the couples faces in an aggressive manner.  The male part of the couple was just standing there and didn't say a word until the manager started to make the couple feel apprehensive. The old manager then threatened the guy after the couple had exited the front door.  Thats when the guy started to stand his ground and call the manager out as a coward.  The guy told the manager to come at him if he wanted to threaten him otherwise he should go back inside and eat a %@)#.  "You obviously like a lot of meat in your mouth."  I started rolling after that and expected the manager to do something.  I thought the situation absurd because the so called 'owner' threatened a couple who wanted to pay to eat at his horrible restaurant.  Then when the manager was bowed up to, he had to cowar back and close the door.  I wont be coming back to this place after the way I saw patrons were treated and after I saw that the restaurant won't make exceptions for someone who has been diagnosed with a disability.   The "owner" made the situation worse and made himself look like a coward.
4	One of the most unique restaurants I have been to due to the atmosphere. The only items on the menu are burgers and hotdogs. The food is decent but the entertainment is top notch. This is a restaurant for your friends not family.
5	Best thing ever!!! I had to go here while in Vegas and let me tell you it was a blast. Fun from the time we walked in. I can't wait to go back on the return trip.
3	Saturday around noon with two buddies, hung over before baseball game. Menu similar to in and out......burgers, fries and drink. The burgers look cheap but are good. Very cool art work. Pretty cheap for the quantity of food. Cool employees..laid back. Its also mandatory to wear a hospital gown, hahaha. Plus no greens......hence heart attack grill.......6.7 out of 10.
1	Fun environment but probably the WORST customer service ever!!!!!! we had a party of 20 come in, the screwed up the orders and my friend got a completely different order. The waitress had the nerve to tell us she did not screw up and that it's just to bad and he had to eat it. I was shocked and when I commented, she ran away to get her supervisor. eventually they gave in and corrected the order. Horrible!!!
1	Lousy burger, loud atmosphere and overall lame experience. You'd think if burgers was the ONLY thing on your menu you'd do it right. and I was not a fan of wearing a hospital gown to lunch it was neither fun nor funny. but I suppose if you're really in the mood to eat and watch someone get spanked then this is a good place?
5	I walked by this place and when I saw that they were breaking records for the size of their burgers, I had to come in and give it a shot. There's a chain at the front door and they give you the rules when you walk in. 1. Cash only2. You have to wear a hospital gown and hospital wristband while you eat. 3.  If you don't finish your burger you have to get up and get spanked by one of the nurses. It's all about the dress-up in here, the customers have to dress like patients, the girls are nurses and the guys dress like doctors. The posters on the wall are really funny and they say stuff like  Burger wars instead of Star wars and Burger nights instead of Boogie nights and a few good burgers instead of a few good men. I orderd a double bypass burger with no bun and no fries because I am watching my carb intake lol! It was an amazing burger and it was a challenge to finish but I nailed it! I am not sure if I would have been able to finish it if I had a bun and fries. This place is a ton of fun and you should check it out if you are in the Freemont Street area of Downtown Vegas.
3	Toughest place to rate. Atmosphere was great. Service very good. Place was a blast. Food sucked especially for the price. But I'd say come for the fun get drunk and order the cheapest thing. Split a burger and have a blast.
5	I loved this place. I went twice. Was in Vegas for 11 days, a friend of mine came to hang out a couple days and I dragged him to it.  He's a born again Christian, and was horrified.  I was LOLing.If you want an amazing candle-lit dinner, just go home.  This ain't the place for you.  IMO, many of the reviews here are irrelevant.  Just ignore them.  Trust me.If you're easily offended and have jumped on the bandwagon for every attempt on social reengineering, then again...just go home.  You might want to steer clear of Dick's Last Resort in the Excalibur Casino, as well.  That place, and the Heart Attack Grill, are just wrong.If you aren't easily offended and love to be crude, this is a good place for you.  I love this. I felt at home.  That said.1. Expect to pay cash2. Expect to wear a hospital gown3. Expect a spanking if you don't finish your burgerWith the exception of #1, it seems that there IS a heaven.  Oh well, can't have everything.Day 1: Finished a triple bypass.  Day 2: Finished a single-bypass.  The single bypass was much better.  The triple-bypass was just too much, but I was able to finish.  That's the important thing.  The taste sort of diminished, fast.  The single-bypass, was honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had.Both days, I had a Mexican coke.  Yes, they have this.  They also give you shots in a pill bottle, or in a syringe.  You can have the nurse "administer" your medicine, as I did.Would I go again?  Hell yeah!  I might even buy my own hospital gown.  Sure beats the hell out of worrying about spilling on yourself.
3	The food was decently priced, the portions were crazy huge!!!My hubby got a hot dog... **that was funny to watch him eat**I had a liquid dinner which consisted of a pill jar full of rum with my name on it [came with a great slushie] 2 jello shots that were in syringes... i stole fries from my mother in law and a piece of her burger. i wasn't too fond of the bacon... and that is always a deal breaker for me **i'm a hardcore bacon addict.**oh!!!!!!!!!! they have spanking sessions there && make you wear a gown. lol.
1	ridiculous concept......lame servers.....cash only......kind of gross food.....I would never set foot in this place again.
2	It was a fun place to go, but the fries were way to salty to even eat and the burger was just alright. It was a fun experience, but it is making me sick and regretting going there. I guess if you are over 350 your body can handle this food a lil easier, but if you're not I would recommend looking elsewhere.
4	Decent prices for what you get. I had the single bypass Burger without the chili, but with bacon. It was a good size and well prepared. 5 strips of ok bacon and a nice bun. The fries were a tad over done, but I tend to like them that way. I had the chocolate 'shake'. It comes with a pat of butter on top. I didn't even try to eat that. The shake was served with a spoon. Why they call it a milkshake is beyond me. It more closely resembles a frosty at Wendy's, but without the malt flavouring. I ate all my food so I didn't get spanked. My waitress was pretty good looking, so I suggested that I should get to spank her. She had a sense of humour (I think you kinda have to at a place like this) but she declined. I'd go there again for another burger no problem. I watched two people walk out because they didn't get the theme. Pretty stupid of them I thought.
1	Are u freaking kidding me?! This place is horrible! I am down to eat a delicious 5 thousand calorie burger any day, but not if it tastes like crap! I paid 16 dollars for a giant old tasting burger that had flavorless meat and came with disgusting soggy fries that look like burnt fingers!  It's dirty and a tourist trap! Too bad too! Everyone love a good burger! Never again Heart Attack Grill!
4	this u fun place I enjoyed the burger the fries WAAAY to greasy but hey it's the HEART ATTACK GRILL what do u expect had fun watching people getting spanked and the decor was hilarious  i love the shots that are given in a pill bottle with your name typed on it. I would probably go back again .
1	Cash only restaurant, because you could die. A bit intimidating place, but we wanted to try it because it was in the food channel. To get in the restaurant, they let you wear a hospital gown to stick with the hospital theme. Also, the waiters are not that pretty when we came. Once the food came, one bite of the "single coronary by-pass" and I almost threw up! It tasted so gross, the after taste is even worse! They cook the patty with LARD (animal fat). This is the reason why people will actually have a "heartattack." Even the milkshake that my brother ordered had butter as a topping on it. Overall, we were disappointed. Never should have came here, and never coming back to this place EVER.
1	With all the hype about this place I expected the WOW factor but unfortunately they missed on that. We left the strip and looked up their operation hours before making the trip and it stated closes at midnight. When we arrived a few minutes before 10pm we were barely greeted with a "we're closing in 5 minutes, did you want to eat here tonight?" She then proceeded to ask a manager if she could still seat us. I told her that their website said midnight and if they closed at 10pm we had still made it before that. They  sat us and you could tell that they were very unhappy we had come in. Then a server shouts out loud "did you really just do that to me?" to the host. Working in the restaurant industry for more than 10 plus years I clearly know that was restaurant talk for "why did you seat me right before we close?" If I wasn't with my in laws I would have just said let's go. The other problem was that the manager didn't really seem to care. Food was good, hopefully it wasn't messed with? There must have been at least 50 people looking to dine inside but the doors were closed, from a business aspect if things, they seem to be missing a lot of revenue by misinforming their guests. Won't recommend it nor be back! Too bad
4	From the other reviews  I was a little skeptical while visiting Las Vegas  to go to heart attack grill but wanted to try it for myself. First of all the burger was pretty tasty and the fries were good as well. The portions are huge as my friend got the hot dog and it's a quarter pound foot long cooked. My burger also seemed like it was a quarter pound cooked so it filled me up.  I would recommend you to visit it once and see for yourself as my experience was great. Only downside is the place only takes cash and no refills on soda.
2	This place was simply OK and nothing more.  I'd say try it once for the experience of being able to say you did it but I wouldn't recommend going back.  First let me say this place is no where near the strip and you have to take a taxi to get to it if you're staying in a hotel on the strip.  And you can honestly get a much better tasting burger at a nicer restaurant on the strip for the exact same price.It's a big place that looks like someone took a high school cafeteria and tried to dress it up.  The concept is cool but it could be done up a lot better.  Lots of little improvements here and there could change the whole experience.The food tasted okay and I swear I've had better at a Wendy's drive through.  The fries I couldn't even finish and I was hoping it would be something that would pop in my mouth and scream AMAZING, but it was more of a yawn.I can't even finish this review, this place was barely worth my time on writing this review.
4	For the price they serve a ton of food.  $10 for a double ($1+extra for bacon 10 slices on the double). Each burger is 1/2 lb of meat.... You can order from a single to an octuple!Be wary of the size you order as they do spank you for not finishing your burger, unless you enjoy that kind of thing. This place is a complete over the top representation of exactly what it claims to be with the name Heart Attack GrillOver-sized,  over-fattened food. It is completely about the fun and atmosphere and I enjoyed it completely. When you go make sure you take the right attitude, the right appetite,  and cash (there is an atm).
1	hi do not waste your time or money on this place, its not worth it! gross and cost a lot if you do go split a hot dog with some one and an order of fries hot dog was big enough for 3 people and fries for 2, the chill seemed as it came from a can and the cheese was a slice just sitting on it hardly melted, cash only place and only cheese burgers or hot dogs no chicken, and cash only a little dirty too, good luck if you go.
2	So, for the atmosphere I would rate it higher, drinks weren't bad and can have a lot of fun with it! The food was less than good but the fiance loved it. He does however like his burgers dry. I would say go for the experience, but not for the food and we had to asked to be spanked, so that took away from it a little....
4	Decent Prices, great food. But what sold it for me was the friendly staff and their sense of humor. It's hard to find a restaurant with staff that's willing to shoot the shit with you and an owner that has fun with what he does. More variety in the menu would make it a 5.
5	Intentional tacky, but just pure fun.Very good burger and fires and the place is a blast.  80's music videos playing on the tvs and sound system Go with a good attitude -- it's meant to be fun
4	Gimmicks scare me so it took my 4th trip to Vegas to really give this place a shot. If you are going to have a good time you should really try to get into the spirit of the place. It is cash only, but they do have an ATM on site. We didn't need it, but from what they told us it was only 75 cents. So there is that. When you walk in they lay out the rules... In that you have to pay cash, wear a hospital gown, and finish your food. The menu is all "bad" for you, but it was all very delicious. The burger patties are 1/2 pound use that as your gauge of how much you can eat. If you don't finish your burger the sweet nurses will paddle you for it. So be good and eat up!!! Jello shot syringes are a must, also why not get a pill bottle of alcohol. It is a fun souvenir to have. The burgers all come with chili, without the beans, and they are delicious. It was definitely a good experience all around. I recommend at least one trip to this place!!! Tip: If you weigh 350 lbs + you eat for free.
2	Ok OK; we went in knowing it is a tourist trap. But the food could still be better. The meat wasn't seasoned for our burgers (if it was we couldn't tell) The French fries were probably out of a box and fried in lard but no salt......But hey! our Cokes were cold!I tried the hot dog, problem is the chili was so so, and no heat to it. The dog itself was decent but the bun coulda woulda shoulda be smaller or toasted or something. The girls were kinda lackluster but maybe it was because we went on a Sunday. There just wasn't a lot of personality in the room and isn't that what makes a tourist restaurant a place locals want to go too? The best part was checking out the posters with my 20 year old daughter and laughing at how the adapted them.Take guests you aren't worried about impressing or a family member you are getting back at in a good way ;)
2	If your looking for good food don't bother. If your looking for an over priced mediocre burger stop in. The atmosphere is fun and campy, the wait staff wear scrubs and tight nurses uniforms. The burger was OK but nothing special, while the fries were a bit soggy and cool. Staff was very friendly and a fun. As a guest you are to wear a patients gown and patient ID band. Guest over 350 lbs eat free and if you don't finisher your burger you get paddled on the behind.
1	The heart attack grill is nothing more than a tourist attraction. A very poor tasting one at that. The burgers and fries have no real flavor. Burger patties lathered with lard and cooked on a flat top stove so the patties are dripping in pure fat. The fries also fried in pure lard have so much fat in them that they taste soggy. Soggy fat. Sounds delicious don't it? The owner makes light of a very serious addiction in this country. Food addiction is just as real and just as deadly as any other addiction. The owner let's people that weigh more than 350 pounds eat free. Why free? So their gluttony will eventually kill them. To this day 3 people have had a heart attack IN the restaurant. Among those 3 was his unofficial spokesman that ate at Heart Attack Grill for free every day and died. So go to Heart Attack Grill put on your dirty hospital gown, pay for an overpriced disgusting meal and enjoy what might possibly be..... your last meal.
5	I saw this place on TV and said... I have to gain 50 pounds to eat for free! So... I did. And I had a Quadruple By pass burger. I wouldn't regain the weight for the free burger, but I would eat here again!
1	Absolutely disgusting!  Would never go back, food terrible, service rude, can't imagine there are enough tourists to keep this place open for much longer.  Stay far far away!!
4	I was not prepared for how big these damn burgers are, no wonder people get spanked.  The chili cheese fries were delicious.  The burger was pretty good nothing amazing but good.  We killed our food the coke from the glass bottle was perfect.  I couldn't even eat a shake I was too full.  A single is ample food you have got to be crazy to go bigger or extremely hungry.  They greet you in the front and put on a robe which is cool cuz it can get messy.  The waitresses were all nice although I heard this place has toned down a lot from its days in Arizona.  Nurse Stephanie was awesome we exchanged a ton of jokes and laughs.  We even did the jello shots.  We had a great time sitting at the bar and observing.  I would go back!!
2	Hrmm...had to try it. Cheesy.It was either this place or the healthy Mediterranean place across the way. Pssh...I'm in Vegas betch.We were "admitted" to this place and given a hospital gown and bracelet. The nurse was hot, so was the doctor. This sounds like the beginning of some smut film. Our nurse sat us down and I felt like I was in the looney bin. Some folks were getting shots in syringes, wine in bags, and paddles to their caboose. All very strange and quite entertaining. We ordered a single bypass burger, which we split because they don't split the bigger burgers. If you don't finish your burger, that's a paddling. Burger toppings are limited, possibly to deter people from getting all fancy. When the burger and fries arrived they just looked sloppy. And I'm all for a sloppy burger, but it looked disgusting. Definitely not the best burger I've had. It was actually pretty bland considering it had chili on it. I realized that I was basically paying for the ambience. I washed it down with a Mexican Coke and took some candy cigarettes to go.  Now that I've done it I won't be back here.
5	Really good food and you get a lot for the price.  Several guys and a girl got spanked while I was there and it was put online which we went to the website to watch.  Pretty entertaining and the prices are decent as well.
2	Eh... not worth it.  Not good for kids.  Far from what I actually like.  They only cook it well done,  no ranch dressing,  hardly any fries.   Service was dismal.
1	This place IS REALLY COOL - the theme is 100% true - from the huge stethoscope hanging from the ceiling to the bottle of wine delivered in the IV-Stand, everything is true AND if you don't finish your hamburger you get the PADDLE (no kidding).  Too bad the quality of food is so poor that you can't even eat it (so everyone gets the paddle), especially the chili, which amounted to oozing grease from chunks of I don't know what.  I don't think anybody comes back here a second time.  If they would IMPROVE THE FOOD QUALITY I think this would be a really cool place to bring out of town guests, because the concept is great and totally belongs here in Vegas!
3	I came here because I liked the concept of this restaurant- huge portions of food with tons of calories. When I walked in, I was greeted right away and was explained about the "rules." I liked my nurse/ server. She was friendly and out-going.However, my burger was dry and I did not finish it. I also did not like the fries. The total price for my food was over $18, which included a single by-pass burger, fries, milkshake and a water. At least I can say I visited this place, but I don't feel the need to come here again.
4	I enjoyed coming here, I've seen this place a few times and finally came in, ordered the quadruple bypass burger and chili fries, sat at the bar and cracked some jokes with the nice bartender Tracy. Finished my burger and was on my way "stuffed" no spanking for me
5	This place is great! So much fun. Wine in an IV bag, shots in a pill bottle. If you don't eat your meal you get spanked. If you want a salad stay home. If you want a huge burger that tastes amazing come in and have a blast. Don't listen to all the haters.
5	Me and my wife took my mother in law here when she came down from Sacramento. I have to admit the whole hospital gown and wrist band was cheesy . But the food was great .Me and my wife got the double bypass burger and my mother in law got the single . The burgers was AWESOME with 6 slices of bacon on each patty right there it made it one of mt favorite burgers. But the thick greasy patties and the cheese just dripping down made this worth putting on the gown.The fries are almost as good as the burgers.My wife was not happy because they did not have diet soda but other then that all 3 of us enjoyed the experience.Oh yea by the way Heather the nurse was so damn hot .Her bending over and seeing her cleavage  alone  gave me a fever. lol We will be going back every time my mother in law comes to visit.
4	A stop at the Heart Attack Grill wasn't really part of our Vegas plan, but in a terrible fit of a need for dessert, we decided that a full-butter-fat milkshake would be an excellent idea and this did not disappoint!I have to admit at first I was like "Really?  You want me to put on a hospital gown?" , but it IS Vegas so I played along without complaint and we were promptly seated at the bar.As a fan of terrible B-movies, I greatly appreciated the gaudy and awful decor of the place...right down to the ripped off movie posters that had been altered to suit the Heart Attack Grill theme.  It was terrible, cheesy, awful....everything a diner like this should be!Our Nurse at the bar was awesome.  She was cute, sassy, a little sarcastic, and a whole lot of fun!  They serve three classes of milkshakes: naughty, which are essentially your basic flavors, obscene with selections such as cheesecake and maple bacon, and XXX which contain flavored vodka.  We settled on the maple bacon but wanted to add the XXX element to it, so we requested an add of whipped cream vodka.  Our Nurse said no one has ever asked for that before.  I couldn't believe it!  Maple bacon milkshake with whipped cream vodka seemed like a perfect fit to me!  I think they should add it to the menu!My boyfriend and I opted to share the milkshake, and good thing too!  Sure, it was an $11 milkshake, but they DO NOT skimp on the size!  Plus I'm pretty sure there were at least 6 slices of bacon, half a jar of maple syrup, and a double shot of vodka in the thing!  It was a beautiful masterpiece of everything you shouldn't feed to your body!  Fat, sugar, calories, booze....it was simply beautiful!If you're truly on vacation and really wanting to do something that is completely "Vegas", a visit to the Heart Attack Grill is in order.  Don't expect to have any "healthy" options.  I've read reviews on here where people have complained about everything being fried in lard.  Duh.  If you expected anything else, you evidently didn't do your research first.  They do have a Vegan menu, 100% pure tobacco....meaning you can buy a pack of cigarettes.  We saw people getting hooked up to wine "IVs" and folks that didn't finish their burgers spanked with a paddle.  Was it the fanciest or highest quality meal we had while in Vegas, absolutely not, but it was the funnest!  Definitely made the list for a return trip on the next Vegas run!  Bypass burger, here I come!
4	Once you get past the gimmick the food is actually enjoyable.The fare is simple and well executed. The burgers and hotdog were of above average quality if not gourmet (who would expect gourmet here?).The shakes were excellent.Service was on point.Be advised they only accept cash here. I had cash on me but not everybody walks with cash these days.
1	I cannnot believe the quality of food at this restaurant.  How it survives in Las Vegas, the food capital of the world, is beyond me.  The hamburger I ordered was just a single, and thank God, I didn't order anything bigger.  The single patty had 4 pieces of grizzle in it.  It was dried out, like it was yesterday's leftover!  They don't serve anything but alcoholic drinks and Coke and bottled water.  My husband ordered fries with his burger and they were floating in grease.  This place is no joke, if you eat the fries, you can have a coronary!  I've eaten in many restaurants in Vegas, and this has to be the worst, and it is a tourist trap.  Stay away!
3	Not a restaurant I'd typically choose but why the heck not when you're strolling Fremont in downtown Las Vegas. This is definitely a novelty store like a Spencer's, but in this case, for restaurants. The waitresses are dressed as sexy nurses, waiters as doctors, customers as patients, wine hangs from a pouch like an IV right at your table side, and alcohol come in syringes! The sight is comical but the burgers are serious business. The burgers are huge and nothing short of delicious. However, I wish their menu had more items... Don't expect anything healthy from here. With the name Heart Attack Grill, there is nothing green offered: no lettuce or pickles and definitely no salad! It's a heavy meal so, come with a big appetite to destroy. I could barely finish half of my burger.
2	It's a novelty. A total tourist destination. The ghastily menu sucked us in. No apologies, pure fat and flavor, nicely done. The decor is a bit cheesy, but this aint the Ritz. The nurses don't fall far from the Hooters prototype and they play their roles nicely enough with big smiles, big hair and big visible bustlines. But, what hasn't made the food shows that I know of, is the practice of paddling the patients that don't finish their "treatments". This pushes the cheese factor about three levels beyond Hooters. The paddling is popular (and optional). Helped I'm sure by singleness, or alcohol, it seems to be a means to an end for a lot of patrons....but it totally freaked my wife out. It's loud and distracting and focused in the center of the dining area. It's a bit too white trash for my taste. If it's so popular, put it in the corner or in a special O/R room with observation gallery and have at it. My burger was quite edible. Well prepared and flavorful. It's not Five Guys or Fuddruckers, nor a memorable burger experience to warrant any serious burger crave. But, there is no challenge to wolf it down and they are quite liberal with the bacon. For it's notoriety, it's a harmless tourist experience that doesn't tie up too much money or time. Not a place to take kids or people with closed minds about what restaurants should be, but a worthwhile visit if you're on Freemont Street.
4	This place js a blast. It's a theme that is so wrong. Fatty, greasy food and booze. No diet or lite anything. The burgers and dogs are HUGE. Add chili to everything and its even better. Add bacon and it's the bomb.You are given a hospital arm band and an examination gown at the front door. Our waitress was a little person, blonde, and dressed as a nurse. She loves her job. Playing the part and having fun. If you dont fininsh your meal, she will paddle you with a wooden paddle while you bend over a custom rack. LOL.  Go for the fun. Enjoy the good food too.
2	More of a bombastic novelty tourist attraction, rather than a restaurant, I was expecting more.  This place is very gimmicky and could be a turn off for some. I seen a lot of this restaurant in the news and with all of the controversy surrounding this place I had to satisfy my morbid curiosity.  I had the Quadruple Bi-pass burger with bacon.  I consider myself a world class eater, but this behemoth gave me a challenge, I finished the meaty mound at probably the gain of 5 pounds and a cost of 10 years off of my life.  On the ride back to my hotel I felt my hand shaking, heart racing and my soul escaping from my body.  The burger was cooked well done and there was no option to have the burger cooked any other style.  The flavor was ok I guess, but you can dip dry wall in butter fat and it would taste good. My beef with this place is how hokey it all feels, people get spanked, there is yelling a screaming, and it all feels like a forced circus. This is definitely not feel good food. but if you want to see what all the fuss is about then go for it,  its not going to hurt your wallet only your waist line and arteries.
3	My first experience here was a 5 star experience. The waitress was great. Food was pretty good and the mixed drink was strong. Just the way I like it. The last time we went, the experience was awful. I am picky when it comes to my food. Their hamburgers now come with chili on it. I asked if they can please put the chili on the side. I don't know if I like it, so I certainly don't want it smothering my hamburger, If I did like it, I would put it on myself. The waitress said they don't put food on the side. So I couldn't get any chili. Come on! How hard is it to put whatever you put on the burger,  on the side!? I'm paying for it. Just slap it on the side! Jease. Then I asked for a water, the waitress says, "bottled?"  I said, "no, tap is fine". She says, "We don't have any"  Umm... no tap!? I'm hoping she didn't know what tap water is and she thought I was asking for some fancy high priced water! LOL This experience not so great, because of it, I doubt I will go back on my next trip to Vegas. A customer should be able to order their food the way they like it.
5	I came here with little expectations and walked away a huge fan.  If you're over 350 pounds and get on the scale to prove it, them you can get all you can eat single cheeseburgers.  My friend and I only came in for a beverage and got more than we bargained for.  He got a cheesecake milkshake and I got a red velvet milkshake.  They actually used an entire cupcake in mine and only half of it was blended.  The name says it all as they also put a slice of butter in the milkshakes.  The Jell-O shot is in a huge syringe but it's more like four shots and it's super strong.  There is also a sign if you don't finish your food, you can get spanked in the middle of the restaurant by the naughty "nurse."  The waitresses looked as though they were truly enjoying their jobs and that was a delight to see.  I will definitely come back!!!!
3	Enjoyed the food, not as suitable for young children as people get the paddle  and this event takes place in the middle of the floor--could be the wrong message for younger eyes. Overall staff was nice and the food was good.
3	A funny tourist spot this really is a novelty stop. The food is not for the faint of heart or the heart healthy.  My chili cheese fries were cooked in lard and I felt it,  however the chili was good taste similar tommys chili. The burger was pretty juicy but I recommend getting the single. I loved the patient gowns and naughty nurses such a fun place. Be for warned finish your food or a spankings coming your way. Food gets a 3 atmosphere and service 5
5	After 3 trips to Vegas and never checking this place out I finally did, and wow what a great time!   Enormous servings, food tasted great, servers were fantastic and super friendly.  If you've got a great sense of humour you gotta check out this place.  Novelties galore.  Dr. Jon the owner is fabulous great novelty ideas and fun place to check out when on Fremont Street!!!
3	I've eaten at this HAG location twice.  Each time, the wait staff were attentive and responsive.  It's a limited menu - but portions are substantial.  The fries are above average and I rate the shakes as O.K.  It detracts from the shakes that they are served in cheap plastic cups.  I thought the burger was good - with a fresh bun, good meat and garnishes.  Even the minimal single burger is big, my wife could only eat half of her burger.  The shtick involved with the whole faux medical thing is cheesy but tolerable.  It was kind of fun watching others get spanked and teased by HAG staff.
2	Disgusting food.The atmosphere was fun though
1	Cute concept but the food was awful and we left not feeling well.  My son even threw up his meal. :(  they go so far out of their way to be unhealthy that it is gross!!!!!  Milk shakes actually come with a pad of butter on top. When you take a bite your mouth feels coated with butter.  The french fries, cooked in lard were soggy. So.... soggy lard fries = disgusting.  The burgar was not bad but not great.  Like any frozen Patty would taste.  The only plus was that the bacon was crispy.  The cute points....  waitresses dressed like nurses.  You are given a wrist band and a hospital gown when you walk in and if you dont finish your food you can get a spanking from a "hot nurse"  the wine comes in an IV bag and they have shoy glasses that look like pill bottles.  I think they could keep their concept and focus a little more on quality and less on trying to kill their customers with artery clogging ingredients.  It is possible to be unhealthy AND good and I think they failed at that.
3	Three stars or the food. Four for the atmosphere. Five for the alcohol!They make you wear a hospital gown. First time my shirt stayed clean eating chile. :)Meat in the chile was grisly.  But the overall experience was great fun.
4	I seen this place on man versus food, so I was like what the heck I'll give it a try. You walk in and they put a hospital gown on you. All the waitresses are dressed like nurses, and the bartender is the doctor. I know I'm here for the experience so it's all good. I order a jack and coke which my jack came in a pill bottle personalized for me. This is great. The fries are cooked in lard, and there isn't anything good for you on the menu.If you weigh over 350 lbs you eat for free. If you don't finish your food you get paddled by your waitress (and it goes directly to their website on video). I give it 4 stars because the food was god, but not amazing, yet the experience was one that will last a lifetime.This IS a cash only place, but they do have an ATM.
2	This place is okay if you just want the experience, but the food is pretty bad. I ordered the chili cheese fries and they were pretty bad. I only had 1 or 2 tastes and could not finish them. They had no taste and were oily as heck. Hamburgers were super dry and huge. The only thing that was good was the hamburger buns and the service. Go for the experience, however order minimal food! I would never go back.
3	This is not my kind of place at all, but my husband insisted on trying it so off we went. I wanted a milkshake, but saw someone walk by with one that literally had butter on it. I went with water. We each tried a burger, and while my husband thoroughly enjoyed his, I found it to lack anything special about it to make it worth the price they charge and it was far larger than I needed even with just one patty. The drink options were amusing- the IV bag and syringe were fun, and the syringe drink actually tasted good. Service was friendly, which is better than I can say about a lot of places in Vegas. The decor was cute as well. For a one-time trip to make my husband happy it was fine but it's not worth a second trip for me.
1	Yuck.  The premise is interesting...but really...is it that hard to make tasty food?  The fries were soggy and practically dripping in oil.  The chili hot dog was gross...the hot dog was super salty and the chili was just revolting.  This place will kill you cuz the food is that disgusting.
3	I saw this restaurant featured on Showtimes 7 deadly sins. I thought the owner had a hilarious yet disturbing view on food and fat America so I decided to investigate myself. You walk in and are greeted by cheesy nurses and made to put on a gown.. Fine I will play along. After seated I was greeted by a friendly sexy nurse, she explained menu. The menu is basically a chili dog, chili fries, or a burger with as many bacon slices or beef patties as you want.  My stomach turned as I ordered a cheese burger, I could smell the lard thick in the air. My date ordered a shake and a orangesicle freeze, I tried a sip of each, yikes they were so thick and rich they tasted like pure whipping cream with massive amounts of sugar, not palatable. I choked down bite by bite of my greasy disgusting burger. I had a front row view of the paddle station, person after person was marched up there by a sadistic asian woman dressed as a nurse. She winded up and swung with all her might, she inflicted as much damage as she could with each swing. (keep the bull whip away from this one) The burger was massive, & greasy, so very very greasy. Thank god I brought someone to help me finish or I would have been paddled myself.I was most disappointed that I did not get to meet the Dr, I arrived too late. I can't rate the place any higher because well... its totally disgusting. Heart Attack grill is a fun theme and makes a mockery of American Obesity. My day was made when got to see a huge guy weigh himself on the livestock scale, as everyone cheered while the sirens rang for his 350+ body. My stomach hurt the entire car ride home & I vomited in true Roman fashion as soon as I entered my restroom. Thanks Heart Attack Grill! :D
4	Loved the atmosphere, the burgers weren't too bad. My wife however wanted to hit our nurse.
3	Try it once for the experience, but the food is disgusting and overpriced.
5	i love going to heart attack grill! service is amazing! and the burgers are better than burger king/mcdonald
1	My dad wanted to try one of the milkshakes here, that they make with the "highest butter fat ice cream" around. Butter only makes things better, right? Umm, not so much...I walked in to order some shakes to go from the front counter (no one in my party wanted to have to put on a hospital gown to sit down and eat there). The girls working there were super friendly and were happy to let me place a to-go order. But the shakes were just gross. They left a weird, waxy (or maybe buttery?) coating in your mouth and the ice cream was not spectacular. I get that this place is a gimmick more than a an actual restaurant, but I would recommend saving your time and money for something else. Speaking from just having the nasty shakes, we did not order any burgers.
4	This restaurant is a lot of fun. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying themselves and to me that's a big thumbs up. My girl friend and I ordered the Jell-O shots in a syringe and an order of chili cheese fries each. The chili cheese fries are reasonably priced and actually quite good. My guy friend got the biggest burger on the menu. He is not a large guy but he finished his burger like a champ. He said it was good but I think his stomach payed the price for forcing all that food down. None of us were forced to get a spanking by the staff but that is half the fun. The girl was very gentle with me per my request but my guy friend got it good. (Even though he finished his meal my other friend and I made him get one.) Maybe it hurt him so much though because he has no cushion on his buttox. Anyway, I recommend this place for some inappropriate fun.
3	Heart Attack Grill is quite interesting in concept and can be a fun time. While waiting to zipline at Slotzilla, we went there for a drink. Fun times! Nurse Tracy is badass. She's funny awesome and can give u good tips for your trip. I had the syringe shot which was extremely strong. Wanted to try the IV wine bag but time wasn't on our side and I was too full. It's a very touristy kind of spot but hey! I'm a tourist! If you choose to order food, make sure you clean the plate...Or you're subject to a spanking!
5	I have to try everything and with this branch, Claudine,who was serving us, accommodate us professionally
1	Wow, um food was disgusting. When you take a bite of the burger 70% of the taste is grease. The strawberry milkshake w/butter not good at all. The decor of the place looks like you've walked into a Troma movie from the 90's. Very creepy. Theres a large screen above the kitchen playing corny music from the 80's and next to it is a fox news or CNN news report about the people who have died at the heart attack grill. Thats very cold and wrong. Avoid this disaster.
5	Not sure what to expect really.. But it was probably the best experience I've had at any restaurant.. It was both ridiculous and hilarious at the same time, not what you could ever imagine. A unique experience that should be experienced at least once in your life. You don't come here for the food.. It's the unique experience! The staff are super friendly, very informal but genuinely nice. I recommend this place to anyone who visits Las Vegas!! It has such a lovely atmosphere and interesting yet funny things to be entertained by from the menu, to the drinks, the artworks on the wall, the receipt printout, and many more! They really have used their imagination well. Toilets are clean as well. No credit cards, only cash accepted.
2	It's a novel  idea BUT - burgers are not good. Tastes a bit like canned meat. I adore burgers (as you'll see if you look at my other reviews ). You pay for water (bottled) and I complained that my burger was cold - server apologised then didn't take it off the bill. Guess she wasn't bothered.  I wouldn't return to this place. Save yourself $6 and go to in n out. A much much better burger.
1	The Gowns they make you wear might be their fun marketing gimmick but when you step out of the 100 degree heat the last thing you want is another layer of clothing.Burger was mediocre and the chili was aweful!! Not a Fan.
3	Many things have been said of the Heart Attack Grill. About their use of lard to make burgers and fries. About the record-setting butter fat content of their shakes. About their Guinness Book of World Records-backed claim as the unhealthiest restaurant on the planet. If there was ever a restaurant that truly deserves to be in Las Vegas, it's this one. But is it any good? Well I went in to find out.  This restaurant is truly an experience. You are greeted at the door by sexy nurses who dress patrons in hospital gowns. Wine is served on an IV drip and shots are given on injections (or pill bottles). Can't finish your food? (Likely, as the portions are huge) The nurses will bend you over a rack/torturing device and spank you with a paddle. Hard. There are essentially two entrees: a huge chili dog and the bypass burgers that go from the one-patty single bypass to the quadruple bypass and beyond. There are no substitutions. You want bacon on that double bypass? Then you get 10 slices. No compromises. Do you weigh 350 pounds or more? You eat for free.I ordered the double bypass and could barely get a whole bite in my mouth.  How others are able to consume the larger burgers, I can't imagine. But are they any good you ask? Well, yes and no. There is a point of diminishing returns. I thought it was a pretty good burger and the flavor of the chili fries we ordered was just right for me (my brother/accomplice thought they needed more acidity) but eventually all the lard and fat giving the food flavor does catch up with you and coats your stomach and mouth to the point where you want to stop. It was precisely at that point where, while struggling to finish our chili fries,  we witnessed a man and woman get spanked for not finishing their food. It was no joke. They got decked pretty hard and we promptly cleaned or plate. Even with that, I can't help but recommend you visit this joint. It's a whole lot of over the top fun and when you're in Vegas, that's kind of the point. Besides, the mural depicting a very funny (and very politically incorrect) version of Da Vinci's The Last Supper, along with the rest of the decor is worth the price of the food alone.
1	Don't come here!!!! WORST customer service ever! Bar tender is the manager and is pathetic. Refused to open a bottle of Grey Goose that was clearly on the shelf. They only care about making money and spanking people who don't finish their burgers! What a waste of my time!
2	Underwhelmed! I don't like to go to the hospital so why would I want to wear hospital gowns? Why do I want to watch a bunch of fat people getting spanked by carnival folk? Vegas is the correct location for this garbage. If the food was actually good, this would be a far different review. Dumb gimmick!
4	First real food stop here in Vegas after being up nearly 24 hours. I am in Vegas for the Mr. Olympia expo and after seeing all the healthy fit people one of the people in our group wanted to eat at this fattening restaurant. I had never been here, but was very hungry after walking all day, and being off my diet for over 8 months. Great way to celebrate with this high calorie restaurant. The first thing you notice in front of the restaurant is a scale...yes to weigh yourself. Apparently they promote being oversized, since all those over 350 lbs. eat free!! Our whole group weighed ourselves just to see how much we would weigh after eating here. Upon entering we were greeted by nurses and given a hospital patient gown. It was the best how very themed the restaurant was getting all customers into their world. This created a wonderful atmosphere for us to lose ourselves and enjoy the moment. They are known for the highest calorie burger with the quadruple bypass burger. It has 4 1/2lb. patties with cheese chili, onion tomato and pickles. Basically also everything is cooked in lard to raise the calories even more! The burger alone was 8000 calories. I added fries also cooked in lard, so who knows how much more calories that added! I also got a strawberry daiquiri that came with a personalized prescription bottle with your name printed on it. The bottle was 3.4 oz of a shot of alcohol. This was a heavy, high calorie meal that I ate completely but felt guilty and shame at the same time. Everything tasted good, but it was all about the experience of the restaurant and how the theme of it enthralls you while eating there. If you don't manage to finish your burger, you will get spanked. Yes, spanked by one of the nurses with a wooden paddle. Very funny to see when it happened. I would come back here again, but only with friends. The reason why is to enjoy the experience. I didn't think the food was all that great, but still good. I would recommend this place to all first timers and all those who love burgers. I'm really giving it 3 stars for the food, and the extra star for the theme given at the restaurant. Hope this helps you decide.
1	This place is disgusting. Why is this restaurant still open??? They are basically promoting obesity by offering free meals to anyone over 350lbs!!! How can serving a burger called "triple bypass surgery" be appetizing??? With all the obesity in america the last thing we need are people eating burgers over 9k calories!!!! This is a disgrace and I am shocked people even think about eating at this morbid place.
4	This place was pretty darn good. Its a cash only and the menu is pretty simple, burgers, dogs and fries. The burger reminded me of a backyard bbq and was pretty darn good. My boyfriend had the triple and a dog (he's got a large appetite) and couldn't quite finish it all.... but don't be mistaken, you will get spankings if you don't finish your food  !! The decor is pretty corny but it was a great time.  If your down with the grease and love a little entertainment Vegas style... this place is for you!
1	This place is just horrible ! I really wanted to try this place, not knowing they made their food to literally put u in the hospital! I was assuming it was jus a theme :/ ! ... I couldn't finish nothing I ordered everything was jus flooded with lard ! Then they only accept cash ! Jus horrible !
1	This place is just a gimmick, so if you don't mind paying just to find that out you will be ok here, but I wonder how many repeat customers they get.Outside the restaurant you have the option to weigh yourself before and after the gluttony and when you arrive inside you are greeted by a couple of gals in nurse uniforms and instructed to put on a hospital gown. Ok, I thought, if I spill I am safe! You will be instructed CASH ONLY. The food is gross. They must make about 500 burgers at a shot because you can't choose how you want your burger done and when you do get it, the thing is a dried out piece of leather. Perhaps that is why they have to smother it in greasy chilli. As well, the 'chilli cheese fries' are some weak, skinny fries with a single slice of American processed cheese sitting under the greasy chilli and not at all melted. Be prepared, they don't even offer ice water so right there is the majority of your bill for just a couple of waters at an inflated price.My Hubs tells me he enjoyed the meal. I still can't change my rating because a.) he is wrong and b.) the quality of the food is terrible.The service seems to be good at first, but the initial friendliness of the waitresses is just a facade because the service is awful. Once they have been nice and cheerful with their initial greeting (which can come off as a bit insincere) it all goes down hill rapidly from there. If you don't finish your burger be prepared to be 'spanked'~ literally. They don't take it easy either, you can sense the sting! We opted to split a single burger which was enough for us, but note they won't split anything more than a single.
1	I honestly do not know how far hospitality goes for many people but being in the culinary/restaurant industry and boyfriend in the customer service industry I expected some kind of courtesy. Also, I never write comments but this had to be said.Earlier this evening (10/1), I went there with my boyfriend and daughter. We we at the "f*ck it, lets try it out" point, can't go wrong with burgers and fries. Looking on the outside vinyl at specials and prices for the burgers. The menu with prices were on the inside so we walk right in and look at the menu. Not even 30 seconds of being there or even getting a full look at the menu, the host, notices we have an outside drink, and asks us to step outside to finish them before coming back in. We literally just walked in the door and the boyfriend said after being asked to leave "oh ok, no problem, we just wanted to look at the menu" During mid sentence of my boyfriend saying that, the host replies "sir, outside. You are not allowed outside drinks in here" I look at him with an "are you serious look" while trying to look at the menu at the same time but it is also hard with holding a hungry 2 year old. Moving forward, not being there for even a minute, we start turning around while still trying to look at the menu. We are very respectful in obeying the "no outside food or drink" rule in an establishment but as soon as the host said "Sir, Ma'am. The door is right there. You can look at the menu from outside" I flipped but in a professional manner. First, I asked him where the sign was for no outside food/drinks, there was none or he didn't know where it was because we obviously didn't see it. Then he goes on with attitude, I might add, of how disrespectful I'm being towards him and how rude I am? I still had my 2 year old, who has been up all day and eating was our last stop before home.Second, there were guys inside staring at the menu with beer in their hands, which was obviously from outside but I don't hear him telling them to look at the menu from outside. All we had was a half full soda while these guys had a full on beer, each.Lastly, of course I wanted to speak to their manager about their hosts' customer service skills but the host didn't want to go get them. I could have made the scene worse but I didn't bother, we finally left. The entrance was small and crowded for 7 guys, me, a 2 year old and a host.I honestly thought this was Dick's for the brief minute we were there.
4	Excess. Schtick. Zero f***s given. That basically sums up Heart Attack Grill.On the doorstep of Fremont Street, Heart Attack Grill is everything you've heard and more. The scale out front, eating free if you're over 350lbs, the hospital theme, the spankings if you don't finish your meal. This is Vegas excess at its best and HAG knows it. They admit it. They will gladly take your cash (and it is cash only), thicken your arteries some more and laugh all the way to the bank while doing so. My friends and I stopped by after doing the SkyJump and were eager to fill our bellies after nearly emptying them several hundred feet in the air. We weighed ourselves for laughs, entered and got geared up in our hospital gowns and took a seat in the sparsely populated restaurant in the optimal pre-lunch rush time. We were seated quickly and given menus, which we flipped through while enjoying the culinary sideshow that HAG has made itself out to be. There isn't a large selection, although what they have comes in some very large sizes, the most infamous of which is their cheeseburger with eight half-pound patties and 40 slices of bacon.Vegetarian options? They openly mock this by calling their cigarettes this. Diet pop and light beer are blasphemy here as well. Our waitress/nurse (nursetress?) was super friendly and sat down with us to give us the run down on the menu and how things worked there, especially that if we didn't finish our food we would be spanked with a paddle. And she would gladly do it. And many people over the course of our meal were; there must have been a dozen just when we were there that marched up to the centre of the restaurant, grabbed a hold of the contraption over which you bend over and are video taped on, and paddled...hard. The videos of your face while being spanked are posted on a website for all the viewing masses of the interwebs. Oh, and you can shell out several dollars to buy the paddle with which you were spanked as well, because why not? Another opportunity for HAG to take your money, you filthy animal. Despite knowing the paddling penalty, I made the unfortunate choice to get a side of onion rings in addition to my single burger, which I got chili and cheese on as well. It wasn't a long wait, but I wouldn't have known if it was anyway, with everything there is to look at here - the paddlings, the classic movie posters that have been changed to be food/HAG related, the Jello shots being given via plastic penises and over-sized needles. On the wall above the counter, two projectors play clips of HAG making the news, giving the ultimate middle finger to their detractors. Remember those news stories about a couple of guys having heart attacks here? Those will play. Eat up, chubby. Overall, the atmosphere is like a frat, diner and hospital mashed together, but the energy is fun and contagious, as every swing of the paddle brings about cringes and cheers alike. When our food arrived, it was intimidating. My burger was a single but was still a hefty size and the onion rings were some of the biggest I've ever seen, not to mention that they filled their own basket. No skimpy side order of a few rings here.The burger was one hell of a hot mess; the patty was a little on the dry side but the chili was plentiful and good, if not an amazing example. The onion rings started out good, but thick onion rings tend to be soggier anyway, and when you have a big basket to battle through to avoid getting your ass literally beaten, it got less than enjoyable pretty quickly. Luckily there was a bunch of ranch to help the soggy, greasy rings slide down my gullet until the very last one was gone. Having paddled both of my friends, one for not finishing and the other since it was his birthday, our waitress had been keeping a close eye on me as well, but luckily for me and her tired shoulder, I did finish my meal.The food was pretty meh, but Heart Attack Grill is a damned fun spot. They're probably not even trying to have good food. The owner has boldly said that he prays for the day that no one comes in his restaurant because it will mean that America has finally gotten its health together, but until then he'll gladly line his pockets with  the cash of funny loving saps like you and me.
4	Fun atmosphere, huge portions, simple menu, great concept for marketing their business. The nurses smack you with a paddle if you don't finish your burger Lol!
1	the food is everything you would expect.  kinda gross, and overpriced.  the big surprise to me was how stark and cold the restaurant is.  it has zero eye appeal.  oh, and they don't have potable water.  if you ask for water, they bring a bottle and charge you for it. finally, and this is more an observation than a critique: the servers aren't hot.  I thought the whole concept was to induce fat guys to buy overpriced, crappy food by hiring busty, stripper quality servers wearing sexy nurse outfits.  I don't see a long lifespan for the heart attack grill.
1	I usually rate restaurants based on their food.....The burger at Heart Attack grill is not that good....you would think that a place that has only a burger and hot dog would find some time to perfect these, but this place seems to be more about it's overall concept than the food.I got the single burger and regular fries.....I did add bacon.  The burger was really tiny, the bun completely dwarfed it.  There was an inch radius between the burger and the edge of the bun.  The red onion on it was cut way too thick, so every time you bit into the burger, it tasted very strong of onion (I love onion btw...so the onion has to be super strong for me to make this comment).  The fries were old and cold....they  had to be sitting out for at least 30 minutes to have that consistency and temp.  The chili on the burger looked like baby poop.......the best thing on the table was my bottle of water.With so many good restaurants in Vegas.....this one should be avoided.  Unless your thing is getting spanked by a waitress in a nurse's outfit.  (one of their concepts is you get spanked with a paddle (aka Dazed and Confused) if you don't finish your food.
1	If you like eating the dry skin from your grandpa's feet whilst being surrounded by "hot" nurses with busts so big I hope HAG has health insurance that can cover a good chiropractor, then by all means go ahead and eat here.Burger: dry. Much like the aforementioned skin of your grandpa's feet.Fries: hot garbaggio. It tasted like it was fried in 2 week old grease from your grandpa's house.Women: run-of-the-mill breastaurant looking women. Uggo on top, curvy on bottom, shattered self-image, yadda yadda yadda.Overall, I'm pretty much unshockable in terms of shock-value anything. I'm just waiting for HAG to be torn down and turned into a restaurant where you get dressed up as a baby and these buxom women feed you in a high-chair.Now that's shock.
1	Just terrible. If you're thinking about going here, DON'T! My family was very excited to come to the grill. We thought it was going to be the highlight of our trip, but it was absolutely horrific. We love all things greasy but this food was just nasty... it didn't even taste that unhealthy and it didn't really taste like anything but nasty dollar store cheese slices and gross 33 cent hot dog chili. I spit the first bite of my burger out because it was so gross, then I took the bun off and there was a short light hair in the chili. I told the waitress (Her name was Courtney) and she took it. I then told her I just wanted some chili fries instead and she informed me that they wouldn't be free. Well yeah, I know that, I didn't really expect them to be. I told her that's fine but to make sure we don't pay for the burger. That is when she went from being overly nice (so fake) to a complete bitch. She said " Well of course you do... I mean its not our fault there was a hair in it." Yes, it is. It's exactly your fault. I told her I wasn't paying for a burger with hair in it and she argued with us for a while, then she took the burger to the bar and all the employees came out and loudly picked at it and tried to find the hair. They must have found it because she decided not to charge for the overpriced burger. The service and food was disgusting. I was scared to even eat my chili fries because they seemed like the type of people to spit in your food if you piss them off. It was gross anyway though and I ended up leaving most of it. I honestly can not believe this place is still in business.... You can only pay with cash. And there's only two non-alcoholic drink options... a glass bottle of coke and bottled water. You can't even get a glass of ice water. The website made this look like a lot of fun but the nasty food and terrible service ruin it. The nurse didn't even offer to spank us when we couldn't finish our food because she was pissed off at us. Don't waste your time here.
3	First of all, for those people complaining their families didn't care for it, you might rethink taking your kids to Fremont St in 1st place. Those talking about culinary and working in the industry, it's claim to fame is not for being 5 Star dining experience. Now for the food: lard chili was gross, burger ok but bacon was good. Neat IV filled with wine and booze for mixed drink comes in pill bottle. Place got a 3 for entertainment factor. Food 1. Wine IV=5.
4	Great Schtick, as a previous reviewer wrote. I don't remember much about the food, frankly (I seem to remember enjoying the onion rings) so it probably wasn't fantastic. But the experience of eating made the visit worth it.
4	I am glad I experienced this place after seeing it on the travel channel and other shows. I am giving it only 4 stars because I was actually disappointed in the food. I was like there is no way you can go wrong with chili, cheese on hotdogs and hamburgers or fries. Chili tasted canned and cheese did too!!! But the drink selection is creative and a must !!! I definitely would return for cocktails and the amazing service we received.
5	Not the cheapest burger place i know but is a super fun place! The unique kind of service where the server sits down and treats you like a hospital patient (while you wear a hospital gown) is really fun.
4	I had lunch today at Heart Attack Grill on Fremont Street.It's a fun concept.  The servers and hostesses are dressed like nurses and are cheeky.  You have to wear a hospital gown (so in case you have a heart attack, you are already dressed to go!).There is no diet pop and everything on the menu is not healthy.  They only take cash.If you weigh more than 350 pounds (they have a scale), your meal is free.I ordered a rum and Coke.  The rum comes in a pill bottle with your name on it (Take dosages by mouth until your date looks desirable.  Side effects include dancing on the table and starting fights.)I ordered fries and a single burger.  They have an eight patty burger if you are up to it!  The burger was good ... I like that it didn't seem like a frozen processed patty and the bun was soft.By the way, if you don't finish your burger, they spank you with a paddle.  Seriously!  I saw four guys get spanked and it sounded and looked like it hurt.  Needless to say, I ate all my burger!Kortney was my server and was extremely friendly, fun and attentive. It was a fun atmosphere and the food was good.  I'd go back.
4	This place was amusing. It is a hospital themed restaurant in downtown. There is a weigh machine inside and can be seen outside  that customers that weigh more than 350lbs eats free. Once you enter, the hostess and waitress dressed in nurse uniform comes and help you get into a hospital gown and a bracelet similar to what you would wear at the hospital. The waitor and waitresses ("nurses") take orders ("prescriptions") from the customers ("patients"). Each patient wears a hospital gown before ordering and those who do not finish their meal receive a paddling by one of the "nurses" with the option to buy the paddle afterwards. I had a burger and I couldn't finish it and had no place to hide it, I tried. The male nurse gave me 3 wacks while my friends videoed me and laughed their butt off. It was all a good fun but man did it hurt!  The menu includes "Single", "Double", "Triple", and "Quadruple Bypass" hamburgers ranging from 8 to 32 ounces of beef and all-you-can-eat "Flatliner Fries" (cooked in pure lard), beer and tequila, and soft drinks such as Jolt and Mexican-bottled Coca-Cola made with cane sugar. The food was okay but I thought it was a fun place to come and people watch being paddled so come with single friends or for ladies night out.
5	I was so hyped when I heard this spot was coming to Vegas a few years ago. It was slowly anticipating and unveiling. The signs of the burgers and the posters posted around. I came here the day it opened back in October 2011!!!! I personally love this place. It's just all American fast tasty junk food. Burgers and fries. Delicious unhealthy ones at that. The burgers are always satisfying and filling. The fries are cooked to lard perfection and the shakes are so delish. I love the atmosphere and theme of the restaurant. You get admitted and have to wear a hospital gown. If you don't finish (burger at least) the seductive friendly nurses spanky you. Dr. Jon is a true genius and visionary. This restaurant has the potential to last years in Fabulous Las Vegas. Especially being at the center of Neonopolis on Fremont. The location is perfect. The play on art and movie posters throughout the restaurant is a site to see itself. I've never had a disappointing experience here. The staff is always very friendly and enthusiastic about their jobs. I usually gotta come alone cause my friends aren't fond of this spot. I really love it and will continue to visit when I'm here living in LV
3	Wow, this place is crazy!Words cannot describe it - you will have to go see this for yourself! The food was good, of course it was because its nowhere near healthy!A place worth checking out one time.
1	Food came out cold and burgers were clearly frozen. Manager refused a refund, didn't apologize and clearly didn't care that we had a bad experience. Overrated
4	This place is fun, yes a gimmick but fun none the less. I was not fond of having to wear a hospital gown, but it was worth the Experiance. The burgers were big, juicy, served on a great roll, fries are a little thin for me, but came out crisp and tasty. I ordered a single bypass, was considering a double and was so glad I didn't. The single is more than enough food.Look for no diet drinks here, full sugar coke, shakes, wine, beer, and cocktails. Wine served in I.V. Bags, shots in pill bottles, another fun gimmick.The service was good and Casey was a dynamite waitress, loved the old time makeup with the bright red lipstick. She was playing a part and did it well.I could not believe the spankings, these girls really smack the $h!t outta you and seem to enjoy it. I saw 2guys get their spankings and they both walked away pretty red faced after their 3 swats with a wooden paddle.
3	Very upset with the service I received from one of the host/nurses this past Monday night. Very rude and snobby! I must say though.. The milkshakes are DELICIOUS!!!!
4	Firstly, this review is an experience, and is not rated solely on just the food.We arrived and were greeted by the nurse who told us to gown up. This was so amusing because I work in the health care field. We were seated and given a menu. The menu is hysterical because there are no diet drinks, instead their are foods which are given the common stereotype as "give you a heart attack" such as liquor shots in prescription bottles, energy drinks, huge fatty foods, alcohol in IV bags with your custom prescription name on it.The rules are that if you weigh more than 350 lbs, your meal is free. They actually have a scale. You also have to finish your meal, and if you fail to do so, the nurse will spank you.. literally. And you cannot split your meal with someone. I went ahead and ordered a double bypass with the works. The food itself is pretty good, but nothing to write home about. It's just a regular, meaty burger you can find at most burger joints. But, don't let that discourage you, the place itself holds a solid theme and I believe that speak louder for the food itself. Again, it's all about the experience. Everyone in our party finished their meal, but I insisted for the nurse to spank me. What they have you do is bend you over and grab the handle bars. There is a camera facing towards your face which broadcasts your reaction to the TV all over the restauraunt. I'm being complete serious when I say this, but I feel that these nurses enjoy their work and really whale down on you. These girls slapped me so hard, that I had to call it quits. It really hurt. I'm a tan guy, and I walked away red as an apple with blood shot eyes. Perhaps it was the fact that I tried to be kinky and insisted that the nurse assault me that caused them to really unleash it.Needless to say, the experience was fun for everyone. Our nurse was extremely friendly, and intuitive. We came a little bit after opening, so it wasn't too busy and Rikki, our nurse, sat with us and chatted a bit and told us about herself and the background of the restauraunt.I recommend coming here and would return if given the opportunity
4	With a 350 pounds and over eat free and a Massive 12000 calorie burger, this is the stuff of legend.  The Ultimate PIG-OUT Spot, No Joke!  All you can eat French Fry Bar, Burgers cooked with lard, Shakes made with Butter fat (WTH), Holy Crap.  This place is intimidating and almost frightening.  Tip for all first timers, start with a single bypass burger and work your way up.  Everything was Tasty but I should of stayed away from the Milkshake.  A great place for a laugh and a very friendly staff, but a Must Try for all Food Junkies!
1	I heard about this on television as one of the places to try in Las Vegas...I think not.Their burgers and french fries are cooked in lard. When I think of cooking with lard I would imagine it to be super greasy but really good. This was not the case. I got the one patty burger. The size was good, typical toppings but bland bland bland. The french fries were bland and super soggy. My friend tried one of the milkshakes made with butter. I didn't get to try it myself but he said the solid chunks of butter you get in your mouth is not pleasant.The only part that I enjoyed was the theme of the restaurant. You get to wear hospital gowns and you don't have to worry about getting your clothes dirty.  If you want to check it out, come for the experience, not for the food.
3	This place is super gimmicky. That being said, it is certainly a fun place to visit, and fits into Vegas perfectly. We sat at the bar, and the service was actually awesome. All of the servers, or rather nurses, were helpful, and answered our questions about the food, the paddling (if you don't finish) etc. I really wanted to give this place five stars for the atmosphere and service, but the food was really meh. If you are looking for a fun and bizarre place to go with friends and family, definitely go. If you are looking for a delicious burger, go to In-and-Out.  Probably the strangest part about the place is that one of their daily customers actually died of a heart attack and they proudly display his ashes above the bar. That's dedication.
1	I rarely ever write bad reviews because I work in the industry and know how bad some places get hit with hecklers and bs comments but... Damn this place was Terrible! The worst burger in think I've ever had in my damn life. I know exactly what precook burgers taste like and I have a big feeling that's what these things are. It's gimmicky and I get that. You have to get people through the door somehow but please save yourself the money and lick the dirty hands of the nearest bum on the street. The service was decent and I rarely bother with commenting on service as it sometimes doesn't reflect the restaurant but it's the only thing it has going for it. The commercials playing on repeat, the crap art, and garbage food made me feel as if I were on a bad acid trip in hell. And nope I'm not being dramatic. Trust me this place is a waste of time and gas money.
2	The scale outside is fun for people watching as are the spankings administers for not eating your dinner. The shakes are good. The fries are not great. The burgers are average. Our service was only fair. I personally won't make that stop again and don't really recommend it at all.
3	It's more an experience than a restaurant.Menu is awesome, there are some unique stuff, very funny.Be aware that if you don't finish your meal, you'll get spanked.You can choose to get spanked if you finish it too :-)There is scale, i was 3 pounds lighter before I had lunch.CASH ONLY
2	I remember seeing this place on the Food Network and thought it would be pretty cool to go there. When I actually finally got to try it, I was disappointed. When you first go in, they put you in a scrub and it's mandatory. It was a little annoying because I had layers on because it was like 40 degrees outside and adding the scrub on top of my clothes was going to be restricting when I eat. I didn't even want to take my jacket off because I'd still be freezing. Plus it's a little annoying in general because it's so tedious and all you really wanna do is eat. Let me remind you that this is a themed restaurant. A medical/ hospital themed where the employees have a nurse uniform and a doctor uniform. And the setting of the place was new and interesting which is why gave it 2 stars. This place is more of an experience than it's food. Now the food.. The food was bland. Bland. Bland. It was not that great. I've had better burgers than that. The onion rings were the only flavorful thing they had. Though I did like their mango dreamsicle. They are pretty strict with their menu but the way it was setup was cool. You can't have this, you can't have that, we don't have this, we don't have that. Like my aunt asked for hot water because it helps with her stomach and our server was like, "Nope! We have this water bottle." I don't really know. I felt like our server was kinda rude anyways. I feel like the people work there think there think they're hot shit but I mean whatever I guess. Oh yeah. If you don't finish your food, you get spanked.Overall experience was okay. Ambiance was the only thing that gave this rating 2 stars. Like I said, food was bland. Workers were kinda annoying. And it's cash only. I felt like they did too much with this concept. It's not as great as it seems to be. I personally wouldn't want to eat here again unless I have people out of town coming here that wants to try it.
4	Had a great time. Fun atmosphere and experience. Adorable waitresses and very good service. Food was decent, but you pay for the novelty. We had a blast!!
1	I love a good burger! But...Food is disgusting and the whole place is a grease trap. Burger was soggy from the grease and the fries were not anywhere near crispy, but limp and skinny.With all of the gimmicks- you'd think the owner would have the decency to try and sell food that is edible.
4	The people here are great ! The food is OK but extreme big! It's more an attraction then a restaurant. We laughed and had a lot of fun here ! We will come back!
4	I went here with my best friend because we saw this place on the Food Network and it looked really cool to try. I wanted to go just for the experience but the food was actually really great and would definitely go again! PS. Split the single bypass with a friend and definitely get the onion rings instead of french fries!
3	We have a friend that kept raving about this place!  So we decided to go and check it out.  As soon as we stepped in the doctor greeted us, and put on our hospital gowns!  They only accept cash, and they do have a ATM machine, it only charges .75 cents.  So we got our table!  It wasn't in a very good spot though, because if you don't finish your food, they will paddle you!  Where we where sitting, I couldn't see anything!  All I could do was hear it.  So our waitress came over, she was realy nice.  I can't remember her name.  But she let us know you can't share any food, I think she said only the single.  So I ordered the single with bacon I think it was about $9.50  And an order of fries about $1.80  and a bottle water, they only sell coke, and I don't drink coke unless I have crown royal in it!  lol  It seemed like it took a long time for our food, but we weren't in a hurry.  I kept hearing people get there butt spanked!  So our food finally came!  My single was pretty big, and the bun is really good!  Over all, it was just ok, the fries, just ok!  I think the big deal here are the nurses, and the spankings!  I could care less if I ever go back here again!
3	Go for the experience!  The menu is hysterical, esp. the vegan section.  The decor is kitschy diner with mock movie posters and larger than life onion rings, stethoscope, cigarette, etc.  The food was ok.  I finished my lunch out of fear of getting spanked.  CASH ONLY.  Fyi - they don't serve iced tea because it's not fatty enough and they serve water only because the Health Department requires them to.
