2	Misled by Ortho about NO CO-Payment. They lied to my wife & after many  visits sent her a bill . Rest assured we will never go there again. their service also leaves a lot to be desired.
5	After going to another PT spot (Close Physical Therapy) I found Orthosport Physical Therapy.  Jeff made time to eval me on a day his schedule was already full.  Chris, the outgoing assistant, started me on an exercise regiment.  Jeff was upfront that I would get better but 1) plan to work hard and 2) plan to be there at least an hour and a half every visit.  He's not kidding.  My normal visits are about 2 hours with Chris supervising exercises.  Jeff (and the other PT Tony) make sure they are involved with the stretching of each of their patients every trip.  The office girls Ellen and Alicia have been very accomodating with scheduling and with collecting copays on a weekly bases.  They also let me know right away if we do not have authorization for a visit so we can cancel.  While it has been a long process to come back from an accident, the support that I get from Orthosport is second to none!
5	I've been to several different PT places and feel fortunate to have come across Orthosport.  The therapists keep abreast of the latest and best treatment programs available and PT students frequently do internships there to take advantage of the opportunity to learn from highly qualified personnel.  The gym area is large and well-equiped.  Everyone working there seem to enjoy their jobs and really care about the well-being of their clients.  They spend just as much time meeting the needs of the geriatric client trying to function with daily living as they do with the high end athlete trying to achieve top performance.  They are honest about whether their therapy can be of benefit to each individual and they make measurable goals accordingly.
3	The place was over-crowded when I was there.  My PT Tony was okay but not as thorough as my new PT in Seattle.  My new PT seems like an expert on lower back injury but not this place.
