5	I first came across this place on a Groupon after I had had some surgery and was looking to see if I could find a good deal on a lymphatic massage. The first thing that really impressed was that I filled out the online form to request an appointment and actually got a response the same day. I don't think that's EVER happened before with any business I've emailed. When I went for my first massage (1 of 2 with the Groupon), I was a bit thrown that the masseuse, Ivy, just rents out a small room in an office space that has other rooms (I'm guessing other people rent single spaces too). I didn't know that and so I thought I was in the wrong place until she came out.  At this same visit, it turned out that it was too close to when I had the surgery. I felt awful but Ivy was so understanding and accommodating and suggested that we reschedule even though I had really just wasted an hour of her time. When I finally had my massages, I was pleasantly surprised. They were WONDERFUL! I would highly recommend Ivy for several reasons: her prices are good, she's very responsive and accommodating, and she gives a really good massage. I just wish she was closer to my house. I truly think she's so much better to work with than a big salon-type place.
4	Booked my massage through Groupon. Ivy was booked up really far in advance but she was very willing to work with me to find a good fit sooner rather than later. Her late night hours are great for working clients! She was very through in asking prep questions. She asked questions about my work life that I hadn't ever been asked by any other masseuse. My massage was really good and relaxing. Ivy made sure to communicate and ask if I was feeling alright throughout the massage. Afterwards, she was very friendly and talkative. I would be happy to recommend her to anyone.
5	I've had 2 prenatal massages from Ivy. Both were very relaxing and have been helpful for keeping me feeling my best. I would highly recommend her!
5	This was my first experience in getting a professional massage and I was more than pleased! Ivy has such an amazing personality and I actually enjoyed her conversation throughout the entire session.  I bought a groupon for two and my friend and I definitely plan on coming back for her business.  Thanks, Ivy! :)
