4	So it comes to this! I am writing a review on a fast food joint. Why would I do that? Imma tell you! DORITO SHELLS!!!!! That's why!Once up on a time, I was a pretty big fan of the Bell. Pretty good grub for a pittance. But as the years went by the beef filling got thinner and thinner and the lettuce started taking up it's place. I was there for a beef taco, not a lettuce taco with beef flavoring.  But NOW they've gone and done it. Take the traditional shell and turn it into a Dorito chip. STFU!!!!!!! I would like to kiss, square on the lips, whoever came up with this idea (yep, even a guy, don't mind smooching a man for an idea this good!).  Seriously, I would cover the medical bills if this person broke their arm patting themselves on the back.As a bonus for this visit, there was a fellow named George who was doing pretty much the entire front side of the business. At one time he was ringing my order up on one register while finishing payment for another customer on another! It was like watching a yo-yo-er yo-yo-ing with both hands. Kudos' to George, you deserve a raise."Why then, Vic, are you only giving 4 out of 5 star's, when you obviously enjoyed your visit", you may ask.(and you may)Three words: Not Enough Beef!
3	One of the "newer" locations of Taco Bell in the University Area at the intersection of WT Harris and Davis Lake.I may have hit this taco bell on a bad day.  It was a Friday during the lunch rush so there was an incredibly strange, long wait for food.  Waiting for my food, I was able to observe a couple of other things, the dining room was well kept, except the sauce station was out of fire sauce and I had to ask the guy to grab some for me.Even though they were behind, the food came out nice and hot.  I ate it in my usually 5 seconds and balling up every wrapper technique.Overall not too bad.  I've usually had a good track record with the "newer" taco bells around the area.
4	Went here this past Thursday evening for a quick dinner on my way to UNCC.  I usually don't take the time to review fast food restaurant unless the experience was really memorable - either for being really good or really bad.  In this case, my experience at the Davis Lake Taco Bell was memorable for all the right reasons.Parking:  There is plenty of parking in the immediate area surrounding the building.  it is well lit and I felt comfortable being there by myself late on a Thursday evening.Food:  I ordered the chicken grilled-stuff burritos and a pintos and cheese with a small drink.  My order arrived within 3 minutes and was made to my specifications.  The burrito was big and was filled to the brim with the standard cast of characters - refried beans, cheese, guac, sour cream, chicken, rice, etc.  The grilled stuffed burrito tasted awesome and the pintos and cheese were a perfect compliment.Building/Facilities:  The interior of this Taco Bell was as nice of a TAco Bell as I am ever seen - really.  All the tables were clean.  The napkin and drink areas were both immaculate.  Event the chicken area in the back looked to be clean and well-kept. If you are looking for a clean, modern-looking, Taco Bell, were they get your order right and there isn't long lines day and night; then then the Taco Bell @ Davis Lake is the Border you should run to.
4	I'm a personal fan of this Taco Bell because of their super friendly customer service.  There is another Taco Bell closer to me, but I always find myself visiting this one when I get a late night craving for Nachos Bell Grande with extra meat :)I typically use the drive thru, but on the few occasions that I've been inside the place, it has always been very clean.The food here always seems to be prepared well and is pretty fresh.  Usually with fast food places, you expect to get a bad meal every once in a while, but I've never had any problems here.If you're in the area and have a taste for Taco Bell, I recommend giving this store a try.
1	I have been to this one many different times as it right down the street from my house and it is on the way home from school. I love taco bell; however every time I go to this location it is like there is something major wrong. At first I thought that it was because I went during an off time, I used to work at a Taco Bell in CA and know that food only stays good for so long and during off times you will end up with the end of the containers or you will end up with gross old food.So I did not write a review because it was just my timing. I waited and went at a busy high traffic time; and still was not happy with the quality of the food.Every time I order the soft taco supreme they are always like wet and stuck to the wrapper, with the meat soaking through the wrapper. Thought at first this was me because it took me a whole 10 mins to get home; so the last time I actually just drove out of the drive-thru and sat in car and looked tacos they were already like that; I order mine special so that they cant use the premade stuff; yes as employees we would pre-make some of the most popular items to make it easy to give out, like the soft tacos; pinto and cheese.  The beans on the nachos every time where cold and so gross! I am just wishing that they would pull it together because it is on my way and super convenient when I want something before I hit home.
5	Has to be the cleanest and best run Taco Bell I've ever seen!!!  Add friendly staff, good food and reasonable prices...nice!
1	I have never bothered to write a review on ANY restaurant until now but feel compelled to do so after horrible customer service experienced on Sunday, May 4th, by the cashier named Tricia.  There was no one ahead nor behind my party of 6 12-year old girls but we were met with rolling eyes, deep sighs at some of the girls' indecision to order in 5 secs, etc.  Absolutely ludicrous.  If you don't want to be in the customer service business Tricia, then find something else to do.
2	This Taco Bell is about the same as any other I've been too.  Service is okay, food quality is below average and prices run a bit higher then is justified.  Much better food is available up and down Harris, no need to go to sub par places.
