1	Phoenix is not exactly what you would call a 24 hour town, unlike its desert cousin to the northwest.  So late night dining options are somewhat limited.  Today I went searching for a place to eat breakfast at 3am on a Tuesday.   Being somewhat of a Denny's hater, I thought I'd give Waffle House a shot, since it was the next closest option.  I have eaten at Waffle House once before in Missouri, while my girlfriend and I were on a Route 66 road trip.  Waffle Houses are *everywhere* in the south.  Don't really remember much about that meal, but this morning's is fresh on my mind.I ordered a waffle with a side of bacon, and a cup of coffee.  To summarize, it was a disappointment.  The coffee was the best part of the meal.  The waffle was a bit overdone, thin, and just looked plain sorry.  The waffles at the Best Western complimentary breakfast beat the pants off this one.The "butter" wasn't butter, it was some gawd-awful corn oil based "spread" with an unnaturally dark yellow color.  Ick.  I didn't ask if they had real butter because I didn't want to seem like a pain in the ass. The bacon was edible, but the three strips looked somewhat unnatural, like it was some bacon substitute.  The staff was cool, and I don't think it's fair to blame them for the quality of the food.  At almost $8 for the meal however, this was enough to drive me back into the arms of my old nemesis -- Denny's.   Makes me wish there was an Old Brass Rail nearby that was open 24/7.  Maybe I need to move to Vegas if I want to continue living this vampire lifestyle.
5	Maybe my standards are low, but I have always loved this place. The company I work for used to hold training classes in Mesa, and I always tried to make it here at least once for each visit. WH is big in the south, and I think AZ is the furthest western location of any WH. Most are just like any fast food, but you get to see the cook, and they have waitresses who step lively between their various chores.The last time I was there , the group of co-workers I was with was amazed at the price we paid. I think the most expensive thing was a NY steak for 10 bucks.If you like a "hangover" style meal (breakfast anytime, greasy-but-good burgers, etc.) this is the place. And there's thousands of variations to the basic menu.Grits, hash browns, chili, greasy/good burgers. And folks that look like they should be servin' them to you.God, I wish there was one close by, but my health is better for the fact there isn't.
5	I love this place i used to travel alot and always would hit up a waffle house and when i moved to AZ i was happy. This place is great love the food classic diner food i wish there was one in CA
4	Wafflehouse is always a treat. Original style grill shop. If you haven't been because it looks low grade, well, it is, but on purpose. Order your custom hashbrowns, to go with your breakfast... Anytime!
4	So I've always called this place Awful House, and really it aint that bad.   For some reason I thought it would be like an extra ghetto Dennys with more roaches and surly teenagers, but it was spotless and ruckus-free.   The waitress seemed happy to have people ordering more than just coffee and was pretty attentive, especially for a diner.  Good selection for a late nite menu. Im always down for late night eats and now this is one more place to try when the city is too hot to venture out in during the day.
2	Dear Yelpers,I have many fond memories in the waffle houses around our dear valley. Why? because I went to college, and I wasn't always under the influence of strictly oxygen if you know what I mean.The place is what it is. Hightened sensory perception makes it "burn a little brighter" perhaps , but its A FRIGGIN WAFFLE HOUSE!Most Sincerely,Dr. Obvious.
3	Waffle House has a certain cold, institutional weirdness about it. Combined with a folksiness that seems unforced but so strangely out of place, it just adds to the weirdness. It's like an episode of Hee-Haw directed by David Lynch.Waffle House--and not just in terms of interior appearance-- is weird in a Mentos-commercial sort of way. It's an odd blend of shapes and textures that make you think it was somehow cooked up in lab by space aliens based on things they observed about our culture remotely, quickly prototyped in a large hanger, then deployed to our planet overnight in part of a program to observe and study our behavior.The menus have the odd appearance of a parts catalog for a Pakistani-made bazooka. Odd, drop-shadowed fonts that just seem  . . . wrong in some way. The graphic designers for this place must just love their jobs. But then the food pictured is all Southern-style good-ol' boy trucker grub. Including grits. This is the weirdest one can make waffles, eggs and grits look without really trying at it.The servers for the most part are friendly and efficient, though some of them speak in accents that probably haven't been commonly heard since around the time of the Civil War. I think there are still closed-off little mountain enclaves where people go from adolescence to military service to indentured labor at Waffle House. That's just the way of it.The food seems ample, but it really doesn't satisfy. Shove a plate full of the oddly-textured waffles slathered in butter substitute into your mouth and you'll be hungry for lunch two hours later. It's not cheap, either.So why does it exist? Setting aside for a moment the alien-conspiracy theory, I think Waffle House offers a minimal level of edible items around the clock. They are usually clean and located near highways. And that's about it.
5	I have been eating at this Waffle house since I was a teenager and it has never failed to provide good food.  The employees are courteous and the service is fast.  The portions are good for the price and the small dinner feel is great to eat in.  I have gone here many times with my disabled brother and have never had any problems with the staff or employees.  I also like the fact that they are one of the few 24 hr restaurants available to eat at and this has come in handy many times.
3	Waffles r the best!!! I love their waffles! Our waitress was soo sweet and nice also. I had the ribeye and eggs. And my bf got a breakfast sandwich and we added a waffle. The ribeye is not good but u can't expect much from it cuz it's $9.99 and the breakfast sandwich is yummy! I would definitely go here again it's cheaper and better than Denny's or ihop hands down
3	Late night waffles and other breakfast foods at an affordable price.  Worthwhile if aren't afraid to dine next to big scary bald men with tattoos on their head.  Mostly friendly servers, plus it's nice to see them make your food.
1	Bad service and food tonight from the swing shift crew! Sad, but this will be my first negative review on Yelp.Waffle House #1208(480) 833-00051831 SOUTH COUNTRY CLUBMESA, AZ 85210My wife and I are regular customers at this Waffle House on Country Club Dr.  On Wednesday night, we brought our whole family to eat.The location was not busy. There were 2 other customers in the restaurant & 3 crew members working - 2 servers and a cook. The food took twice as long to arrive as usual.  The waffles were burnt, there were eggshells in the eggs, the toast was cold, and food items were forgotten.When we received the bill, the amount was $15 more than usual, yet we had not ordered anything different from previous visits.  We observed that possibly this was because they had itemized every single food item instead of grouping into meal specials as regularly advertised on the permanent menus.I had to leave early with a few of our children.  My wife stayed behind to pay for the bill.After my wife requested they re-calculate the ticket, the servers were surprisingly rude.  They said that their manager told them that they were not allowed to combine items into the meal deals and they refused to accomodate our request.  My wife was more upset about their poor attitude in their reaction rather than the actual initial concern of being overcharged.  The staff's unprofessional and rude interaction (combined with the longer-than-normal wait times and poor quality food) was the main reason why my wife was so upset when she left the restaurant. This is by no means the average experience that we have had as regular customers.  We understand that employees are human and can have bad days too.  But feedback is essential for companies and management to see experiences from a customer's viewpoint and identify areas of potential improvement.
4	Clean and friendly.  A lot better than the usual fast-food breakfast at the drive-thru.  Had a big ol' waffle and coffee.  Couldn't be better.
2	The staff is very friendly at this location and I appreciate that. The food is hot and fast. All that aside, I won't be going back Waffle House. They don't believe in butter, instead it's a butter spread. What's that about? Oh, now you wanna cut calories. The white bread toast was stale. But this is was took the cake....my bacon was burnt! I could have overlooked the "butter" and the stale bread until you burned my bacon. Oh no you didn't!
4	What can I say, its a Waffle House. I have spent a lot of time in these establishments while living in the south and this one in the west is the same.  If you want a good down home meal, this is a great place. No ambiance, but that is not why you go to a Waffle House.
5	We had fantastic service and wonderful food!  The cook was a peach!  Left with our bellies full but wanting to keep eating what was on our plates.
4	Thank you sir, may I have another.  Although I didn't have to revert to Oliver Twist-like methods to punish myself gastricly with this greasy, plentiful, delicious food, and it was quite easy on the wallet, I feel like I shouldn't have come here. This is a guilty pleasure whenever I travel to sections of the country that have them. Nice big portions piled on plates that I'm pretty sure were clean, the staff hollering out orders to the assembly line that never seemed to cease. Awake and alert, this place is good. Hungover or Drunk, this place is Frickin' Candyland. Bottomless coffee, Waffles as big as your head, overworked waitresses franticly running from table to table.. ahhh the American dream.
5	I've eaten here three times this trip (so far) and all three have been good.  Plus I've eaten here on previous trips at least a coupla times.  I've had  breakfasts, steak and eggs, chili, and pork chops with eggs most notably.  See photos of all.   Surprisingly, the only thing that was a disappointment was the waffle, a bit incongruous considering their name and assumably their claim to fame is the waffle.Most places would be $10 and up for steak or pork chops.  Here it's closer to $8, depending on the size you get.  Both were perfectly good.  And there just aren't a lot of places that offer grits.  They do and they're good.  So are the biscuits and gravy, Texas Toast and chili.  The service has always been good and even the cooks are friendly.  It's clean and the tabletops aren't sticky, no easy task to clean considering the amount of syrup that passes over these tables.This is one of those chains I make an exception for because they are reasonable, have good food, and are pretty consistant.  Since there are none in San Diego, I will continue to enjoy this one on my trips to the Mesa, Az area.
4	I luh me sum waffle house. Funkin hashbrowns.. smothered n covered.. throw two eggs over medium and some tabasco sauce on that bitch. chop it all up real good and use your toast as a spoon! Ham on the side.. Speaking of HAM.. Waffle House go hard as a motherfucker.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Staff was incredibly friendly, our coffee was never less than half gone before it was instantly refilled, the food was a caloric festival of the stomach, the clientele made people watching amazing. Omg. We went two mornings in a row. The biscuits are divine. I had the Texas Toast something and my boyfriend the melt something. It was beyond words. We walked in and were greeted by no less than five people. It was clearly a hot spot for the locals, and I watched the staff be extremely accommodating with an older disabled couple that nearly made me cry. Amazing music selection due to the jukebox, so be sure to bring your quarters!!!
4	This is the good Waffle House! It's cleaner and service is faster than the other ones I been to.Waffle House has some pretty cheap food. I always and usually go for the Hashbrowns all the way. It's only $4... and it's a lot of food with ham, gravy, chili, potatoes, jalapenos, mushrooms, etc. Probably not the healthiest food but you can't have everything.The menu has a good variety from burgers to waffles to pancakes to steak and eggs and a lot of stuff that you would expect for breakfast and lunch. And this place opens late! Actually, it could be 24 hours... I think I went to one at 3 a.m. before....It's a cheap late night eats place. You know what you are getting into when you come here. ;)
4	Hadn't been the House in a very long time...was craving some potatoes and they're the place for some seriously good greasy fried potatoes! Ordered sausage egg and cheese sandwich, would have preferred the egg over medium but my fault for not asking. Really just looking for something to order aside the potatoes. The sausage was excellent. Potatoes scattered(not in the ring) smothered(with onion) and peppered (jalapenos) well (extra crispy) were just what I was looking for.Head server was so patient and kind to the staff of mostly newbies running around the place she really was something special. Sunday morning rush and she was a cool cucumber telling everyone were to be and what to do so that it all ran smoothly. And of course it's always fun to watch the cooks handle the griddle with flair.Looking for a good n' greasy, clean, truck stop breakfast with friendly staff this is your place.
5	I wanted a quick dinner but not a burger.  I hadn't been to Waffle House in years since there isn't one close where I live.  Sharlot greeted me when I came in and was super nice and friendly to me and everyone else.  I got breakfast for dinner and they had my food out in just a few minutes.  It was very tasty and price was super cheap.  Grilled biscuits were great but probably not the healthiest thing on the menu.
1	I'm officially grossed out. Not only is there decaying food spilled all over the kitchen counters & floor, which is in plain sight as you walk in, but the flies in this place are out of control! This was my 2nd time here & I got sat in the "fly corner" by the exit door. It was swarming with flies that were crawling all over the window behind me, the table I was supposed to be eating at, & hovering over & around me. Needless to say, that is NOT very appetizing. "A fly infestation poses a serious hygiene risk. Unfortunately, flies are attracted to conditions found in restaurants, where they can do the most damage. Flies are known to carry numerous diseases, including tuberculosis, typhoid and cholera. Flies feed on decaying organic waste, and then transfer pathogens from their feet to human food and food preparation surfaces."-via Orkin websiteI hope management does something about this as it poses a health risk for its customers & creates a very unappealing atmosphere. I don't understand how the health inspector missed this place. There's a difference between a clean dive/hole in the wall spot with GREAT food & a dirty/hole in the wall restaurant with mediocre food. You be the judge...or just save yourself a trip & your money.
4	Short wait, but not bad for a Saturday. Food tasted home made like I used to make when I cooked. Shontel was my delightful server. Nice smile and efficient. Don't come for ambiance, but do come for nice people and good simple food. Best coffee ever too.
1	Walked in by myself and got seated at the counter by a young lady, I was handed a menu and for the next 20 minutes no one acknowledged me. After one girl told another waitress "he's been there a while I think he sat himself there" I was then finally asked what I'd like to drink. Being that I had 20 minutes to look over the menu I was also ready to order but this lady brought me my drink and walked away. After exactly 15 more minutes of sitting there I walked out. Ironically THAT was noticed by the cook who till me to have a nice day! Ha! I laughed, drove down the street to THE GOOD EGG and I'm sitting here less than 5 minutes into this visit and I've got my order in and OJ ON THE TABLE! Needless to say, I will not be back to Waffle House.
5	From my Army days, party days, till today Waffle House will hold a place in my heart.  The price and 24/7 breakfast will always keep ppl coming. The small tight knit restaurants, "salespersons", ppl yelling Mark, will have them coming back. I have seen rich people and poor alike come together in this place and I always feel comfortable.
3	First time in a Waffle house and I liked it, pretty busy place. My boyfriend told me there's better waffle houses and he was disappointed because it was my first time in a waffle house and claimed that they're mediocre. So if you're a waffle house junky this place might not be for you. But what do I  know lol.
4	The food was average, it is nothing to write about. The waffles were decent but thin and soft and almost soggy. The service was very good, April was a great server. The prices are within reason, however other diners have the same prices but you get more for your money. This place has a very "middle of nowhere, backwoods, country greasy spoon" atmosphere. I felt comfortable but that might not be for everyone. The seating is minimal so I would not bring more than a total of 4 people or you'll be packed like a can of sardines. I had a good first experience here and I'd come back.
2	I was disappointed once I got seated. Food was ehh and the cleanliness was not good. Our server was new so the forgetting parts of our meal was explainable but she made it up by getting us to go drinks. I wouldn't come back again.
5	Good service and nice people.The food and service is old mom&pop style(I like that kind of thing).
