4	The rooms were huge, the bathrooms were clean. Honestly, what more can I ask for.  The only reason, I did not give them 5 stars is because they didn't update my reward points in a timely manner.
5	Huge rooms and very friendly personable service. Would definitely stay here again.
3	My first stay at this chain was not bad. Hotel was clean, modern, conveniently located. The service was professional and helpful. I was disappointed with the breakfast-eggs were rubbery. I might consider staying with HI but not with the express chain for this reason.
4	Driving cross country from Washington to Florida, this was our second night staying at a Holiday Inn Express.  Stayed at a HI Express in Red Bluff, Cali the previous night and enjoyed the stay.  So we opted for another night at a HI Express hoping for the same experience.  This is an older hotel, a little outdated but overall nice and clean.  Located right off of the I10 exit with a variety of places to eat.  Complimentary breakfast in the morning is a plus especially for those travelers on the go.
4	The staff was great and so was the room. We stayed with our 3 dogs in one of their pet rooms and you would never know it was a pet room. The suit was incredibly comfortable, the jacuzzi tub great and the Mexican restaurant next door has pretty good food.
5	Friends were driving in cravan pulling a boat and jeep to TX from Cali; it twas 11 pm or so, and we stopped here for the night. They are centrally located right off the freeway before you get to Phoenix right next to gas and a bunch of food places.Room was big, and the hotel was modern, not chintzy, and all clean. Breakfast was just OK, with standard pre-packaged stuff such as hot and cold cereal, eggs and bacon, etc.The 5-star rating primarily comes from the customer service and charm of Elizabeth, who had night shift at the counter. She was super-duper nice, made sure that our vehicles in tow were parked well, and in the right place. Beyond that, Elizabeth was very personable, and displayed a huge heart for us travelers passing through.The conversation that I had with her will make me remember her.It made all the difference that she was also the one who greeted us early in the morning as we left for our travels.
4	Nice hotel the customer service was great!They could use a few fixes the carpets and arm chair in are room needed a cleaning but besides that it was a nice quiet room!
5	Had a great stay. The beds were comfy, jet tub spa and quiet. The customer service was great. Will definately be back. The  breakfast was OK. The eggs could have been better.Wierd texture. Other than that..great!
4	We drive from South Texas to Southern California every year & we always stay at this hotel! The service has been very good and the rooms are spacious and clean. Also, the surrounding area is very nice (particularly on a long drive!), with a variety of restaurants & shops! However, the most recent time we stayed, there was a very drunk man in the lobby who wouldn't leave us alone as we were checking in and, although the receptionist didn't charge us extra, there were only suites left that we're very, very hot. Additionally, complimentary breakfast is not provided. Despite these things, we love this hotel due to its cleanliness! We'll probably stay here again on our next trip!
5	This is thee nicest place for the price that I have stayed in, in awhile!! The continental breakfast has plenty of options to choose from, I'm talking hot omelets and sausage! Not to mention oatmeal, sticky buns etc. they leave a newspaper by the door for the morning, the beds are very comfortable, and they don't use those dreaded, disgusting, comforters! The gym and pool are a bit tiny, but definitely workable, all in all, for the money, I'm very pleased with this hotel!!
