2	I went here tonight for their grand opening and was shocked by how not impressive the food was. I hate to give a negative review as a first review and also hate to give a negative review to a place that allowed me to come to their grand opening, but it just wasn't very good. The food they were serving definitely should have been good, for example, they had a kobe beef slider....sounds good, right? No....it was not good. It was ground kobe, not sure why you would grind such expensive meat, and it was covered in a weird sauce and then topped with velveeta. Yes....velveeta. It was such a waste of a good meat, you couldn't taste the meat at all...it could have been ground anything for all you could tell. Additionally, the BF found a bone in his....not so appetizing. They also had mini burger bites, that were decent, but the way they were served made it so you couldn't taste any of the toppings because they all fell off before it got to your mouth (they were little balls with bacon and whatnot on top skewered with a toothpick, so the bacon and things fell off when the burger was picked up). The crab mac and cheese was mediocre and I believe had velveeta in it as well....how weird. The pork sweet and spicy wings were an odd texture and tasted like frozen food. Not good. The only thing that was decent was the spicy mango cone....a mango pudding of sorts with cayenne in it served in an ice cream cone. We ended up leaving after only a short period of time because we didn't want to continue tasting/wasting their food....that's pretty bad when the food is free. Maybe this place just needs to work out some kinks, but it was surprising that they hadn't done so before this event.
5	5/23/13I bookmarked Renegade a few months ago, but didn't have the inclination to go until I decided to try takeout from Stone & Vine and spotted Renegade next door.  I already planned to try Renegade after Restaurant Week ended, so imagine my surprise to find an invitation via text last night to attend today's Grand Opening VIP Tasting!  (I'd just arrived from a terrific RW dinner at Sassi when I received the text.)  I received the confirmation email this morning asking guests to arrive in casual attire.Arrived before the place started to get crowded.  Spied a couple of old acquaintances, and we decided to sit together.  (Had a great time catching up with you, Chris and Heather!)  Glad we moved to a table close to the musicians playing at the front- Jared Blackstone sang and played guitar, while another would join in on keyboards from time to time.  He did covers ranging from Rob Thomas and Johnny Cash to Pearl Jam and The Beatles.  So good was the music tonight that Heather and I went and bought CDs.  I hope he's on regular rotation at Renegade...Before moving to the table, we sat at the bar, where Heather and I immediately were given ribbon-tied plastic bags filled with fruit-infused rum cocktails finished with Kool-Aid.  I couldn't have any, so I gave mine to Chris.  At the table, Heather ordered a glass of Earthquake Zin, and I a Rosemary Margarita, which had an ice cube made up of a rosebud and rosemary sprigs!  So delicate and very pretty, yet packed quite a punch! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=_fcCyNNVYAMPDoCmi9NkHw#_fcCyNNVYAMPDoCmi9NkHwHere's what we sampled...Venison lollipops dusted with dry mole http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=4KVXnXAm8j3t-5VBet-dEg#4KVXnXAm8j3t-5VBet-dEgKale + chard kimchi Braunschweiger pate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=zCmu8ZtaPwVtHjFnUQl-rA#zCmu8ZtaPwVtHjFnUQl-rAHeirloom tomato, soy beans and crab gazpacho http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=QhJZy8WOJTojb9f3x9Dj8w#QhJZy8WOJTojb9f3x9Dj8wMini-waffle cone filled with mango pudding http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=GRzQZJ7h1kzxHAp0BW7Gxw#GRzQZJ7h1kzxHAp0BW7GxwCrab mac 'n cheese http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale#w1v6-PF0tYC5NfZ3RfXeyQBlack bean hummus & raw veggies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=GBDdAENiERWBeQJnZGLYUQ#GBDdAENiERWBeQJnZGLYUQ (too sour!)MOD 'N Sour pork wings and Slider "MODS" Kobe beef and bufalo sweet chili sloppy joes with Velveeta http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=RLohz8wYTXLR8e-ZCouEMg#RLohz8wYTXLR8e-ZCouEMgFlavored goat cheese cream under smoke-fennel pollen essence http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale?select=TCq1A2-aLJTJD0ABfZsXGQ#TCq1A2-aLJTJD0ABfZsXGQMy faves were the venison lollipops, kimchi pate (on duck-scented black bread!), pork wings (not too sour or sweet- perfect!), Kobe beef sloppy joe sliders, mango pudding mini-cones, crab mac 'n cheese, and of course, the winner of the evening-- flavored goat cheese cream served on ashtrays!  The first serving I had, I concentrated on the different flavors and textures of the sweet dish-- smoky fennel mixing with the creamy goat cheese, and the nutty fennel pollen amidst the silky goat cheese cream- oh la la!  We were practically begging for more!  When we finally got seconds of it, a server actually brought out a covered smoking tray, stopped in front of our table, waited till it dawned on us what we were about to receive, and then lifted the cover, and out drifted smoke!  This time, the fennel pollen tasted even smokier than the first batch, and then I finally had to stop and shake my head, because darn it, I'm eating out of an ashtray!  I'm sure it painted quite a picture to see me, a non-smoker who abhors the habit (I work in a smoke-infested environment), eating out of an ashtray with glee!We each took a parting gift of Mole Gold 24K gold-infused EVOO and a set of headphones in a paint can on our way out, and I asked the artist I'd passed a couple of times on my way to the restroom, he had an unfinished canvas next to him, if he was responsible for some of the artwork adorning the walls; he said yes.  He is Lalo Cota, and he's painted some of the murals here, as well as the ceiling of one of the dining rooms, and has done artwork at PHX's District American Kitchen and Wine Bar. I shall return!p.s.  Also tried a tough pork belly and two Big Azz burger lollipops (one good, the second not so).
2	Looks like the old Renegades is gone and a new one taking over. The bar area is basically the same...although I think they changed the T.V. screen positions, for the better. I ordered the ChiliVerde dish. I thought the presentation was not good.  Eating the dish out of some small tin bucket wasn't appealing to me. The Chili Verde was just okay, certainly no WOW factor here. The corn tortillas were good.  But the combination of the two just doesn't work. My beer was served in a strange water type glass - a Blue Moon. The music was a bit edgy, but that could be because they're trying to attack a different younger market...c'mon guys, this is north Scottsdale!  The crowd is older and there isn't enough of them to make a market for you. I'll give you until November...
1	The old Renegade was pretty good. Not a whole lot on the Menu, but tasty stuff. Renegade by Mod, really, overpriced, trying way to hard for the cool factor and just plain stupid. It started off by trying a new beer, it was warm. Then, we were served some type of potato soup, compliments of the chef, in a tiny cup, not a single sole at our table could stomach it down. My son ordered a Dr. Pepper, warm. We talked to the waiter about the prices, food selection and what not. He gave a sly smile and said, "yeah, we've been getting that a lot." At least he was honest, We tried to at least find an appetizer before getting up and leaving, but I couldn't find one. My son wanted steak, but saw it was $45, laughed and we all decided it was time to make a run for it. The waiter said, "yeah, we've been getting that a lot." At least he was honest! I guess if your a middle aged biker dude who wants to look cool in a cool looking place, this is the place for you. Maybe, they'll let you wear your du-rag on your nifty head while eating. What a joke, good luck, maybe you'll tap into the Scottsdale wanna be cool crowd, with their big meaty wallets. Sorry Mod, bad food, ridiculous prices and really warm beer..yum.Geez, get over yourself with the response. It seems that honesty these days is taboo. Very ironic your lecturing me about humility. Seems your ego is getting in the way of your best interests, your customers. Glad you have a loyal fan base, I'm just not one of them. Good luck!
5	Loved the "new" Renegade By Mod! This place has the coolest art and the coolest servers ever! When we questioned about a menu item, they knew exactly what it was and explained it thoroughly. The food was good, a bit outside the box, but not too much. All our meals were so good and the proportions were huge! We watched the bartender make drinks and ended up ordering a few just to see him make some more. Highly recommend trying this place out! High fives all around!!!
5	Renegade is a wonderful place to eat.  I went a few days ago and couldn't be more impressed with the food and friendly staff.  The Kobe beef sliders were incredible!  Great place to take family and friends.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Renegades was great! My husband and I and our two kids tried it and loved it. I agree the bar area isn't appropriate for kids - but the restaurant and outdoor patio are perfect and my kids LOVED the food. The crab macaroni and cheese was their favorite. They loved the venison lollipops - (would have never tried venison if the presentation hadn't been so cute), now they are fans. I have had venison quite a few times and didn't like it- this venison was delicious. Everything we ate was wonderful. We all shared so we could try everything. The creativity that went into this restaurant is astounding. From the art on the walls, to the vessels the food is served in, it all made it a fun dining experience. Although I was not a fan of my dessert being served in an ashtray, I appreciated the creativity and presentation when the smoke barreled out from under the dome. I wasn't surprised at how delicious it was, as this was an end to an awesome meal. I had heard that Chef O'Dowd is the only 5 star/5 diamond Chef in Arizona, so I was excited he was opening his own restaurant. Renegades prices are so much better than "Kai" at Wild Horse Pass where he was - now we can afford to eat Chef O'Dowd's food whenever we want. No more waiting for an anniversary. I highly recommend trying it. You won't be disappointed.
2	Poker Guys' Review.  Six of us visit restaurants new to us every Tuesday night.  This week was Renegade by Mod.  Overall it was a very poor experience.  The physical appearance of the restaurant and the drafting of the menu were the only positives.  It is too bad they did not spend nearly as much time on the taste of the food or the service (though they took their sweet time delivering each course).  The food was ok at best and the service was poor.  Our waiter did not seemed thrilled to be there.  The table remained uncleared for much of our meal (dirty dishes piled around).  The appetizers were the best things we ate there.  Venison lollipops were solid.  Pork bellies were tasty but a bit dry.  90 minutes after we arrived, the main courses were finally served (the waiter admitted there were only two people in the kitchen).  None of our main courses were great.  The highest compliments go to the Big Azz Burger (the name is obviously ripped off from the Roaring Fork).  It was surprisingly juicy considering that they refused to cook it medium rare.  The other dishes were anywhere from ok to poor.  For example, the crab mac and cheese tasted like something out of a box.  No interesting flavors whatsoever.  The desserts were also mediocre.  Our table tried all but one of them on their menu.  Renegade is all form and no substance.  The place looks nice and the menu looks amazing.  But the dining experience was poor and the food incredibly disappointing.
5	We visited renegade by mod last weekend and had the most amazing experience. I had the greens in a goblet and the venison lollipops and they were both so good! My husband had the big ass burger. It was his first time trying buffalo in a burger and it was incredible. The best part was our fabulous server Charlie. She made excellent recommendations and had the best attitude. We can't wait to come back and eat the amazing food and sit at Charlie's table again.
2	The staff was friendly, and that's about all I really have to say in a positive fashion.  There is a new chef Mod, the restaurant has been remodeled and honestly it's just too strange for me for me now.  The food is strange, the artwork is strange, and servers using orange skate boards as serving trays is certainly strange!We ordered hummus and expected it to be served with pita bread, naturally.  It was served with a paper thin brown cracker that tasted terrible.  We asked for some bread to go with it instead and about ten minutes later they brought us some wheat rolls.  Rolls???  Also dyed carrot slices on this appetizer - are they intended to be edible?The short rib appetizer is good.  But it is served with a lot of dry crunchy noodles, that you think you should eat because there are so many of them, but soon realize that was a mistake.  Wanted to have some water to wash it down but my glass was empty.  With dark, dark blue water glasses, how can a server tell you are low in the first place? I mistakenly ordered what I thought was a "steak salad", and that's what I said when I ordered it.  I received what the chef calls the streak dismantled, or dismembered, or something to that effect.  It was pretty much that.  Rare steak.  Six croutons on the side and some other "stuff".  Sent that back.  Got street tacos and those were fine, but by this time we really just wanted to go.  We were clearly not pleased.  The staff almost apologized to us and said "yeah, this is a little different menu now, sorry."I can't recommend this restaurant, unless you really want to have something different for difference sake.  I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.  At least, it was...
3	I really like the concept, but the restaurant needs to work out a few bugs. The restaurant has a very interesting menu, however, the clientele seems to be a great deal older (my husband an I were the youngest people in the dining room and we're in our 30's). Combined with the very edgy decor, the restaurant comes off as...odd.Don't get me wrong, the food and drinks were very good! I would just get rid of the giant skull candle painted on the side of the wall- it looks like the place is trying way too hard to be cool. Trust me, with all of the tattoos, body piercings and ear gauges of your waitstaff, you don't need to plaster skulls all over the walls and menu to drive home your vision. We will come back in a few months to see if anything has changed.
4	After some of the reviews, we were expecting the food here to be bizarre or off-the-wall, but nothing is further from the truth... the food is contemporary and -- dare I say it -- whimsical, but it's accessible for everyone.  No need to fear for eensy portions that will make you wanna stop at In-N-Out on your way home or unrecognizable food sculpture... we went away stuffed and satisfied -- no room for dessert.As noted by many, the decor is fresh and fun and modern. The art was cool, and the artfully displayed bikes are a unique touch -- basically, this is pretty forward-thinking for Arizona, but not for most major cities.  It could easily be dropped into New York (where we moved from). We went at 9pm on a Saturday, so we were able to enjoy a nice bluesy combo playing by the bar -- it would be worth it to stop by just for a drink and to listen.The service a tad slow, but thoughtful and attentive -- our waiter brought a glass of hot water with lemon and mint -- unprompted -- when he noticed my wife had a cough. (It hit the spot.)We enjoyed the food -- for apps, we had the venison lollipops and the mushroom dish, which were both tasty (and filling), with a variety of ingredients contributing to the whole.  For entrees, the scallops were a hearty plate, cooked just right, with a fun and tasty churro and yummy sauce -- one of the more unique combos we've had in a while, definitely worth a try.  The fish sticks were very tasty on their own, but I didn't love either of the provided sauces, though the slaw and mac-n-cheese were both very good.  And yes, you get an actual sealed tube of "toothpaste" - very clever.  We didn't leave feeling like we'd had a bargain, but we did like the food.NOTE: a prior reviewers commented on a steak salad -- there isn't one on the menu.  The dish he refers is called "Reimagined Panzenella Combination" and the first ingredient is "black and blue" steak -- ie. RARE.  Sounds like it was delivered as advertised... at least on the menu. Our waiter still had not tried a lot of the dishes, so it might be a case of the waitstaff needing some more education.We're gonna be back, if for no other reason than, as noted in the press lately, Scottsdale has a tendency to let anything other than prosaic food wither and die.  We'd hate to lose another one.Note to the Guys - This could be your date-night spot if you want to look like a renaissance kind of guy. Good food, good tunes, fun atmosphere.
1	If by "Mod" they mean edgy and weird cuisine, okay - they've got it nailed. Unfortunately, my husband and I were, and can never anticipate again being, in the mood for such fare. We live in the area and had been in the mood for a light bite, thought Renegade would offer such an option with their nice outdoor patio, large indoor bar. Our first reminder that Renegade had a recent turnover in ownership should have been the fact that both were fairly empty -- I've never seen that to be the case at 7 pm. There was no one to greet us; we had to wait for someone to find us a hostess or wait staff person to locate a table, of which there were several, to seat us. And then the menu....I looked at it and realized it had changed. Big time. Both my husband and I had wanted a salad, a nice big summer salad. No such luck. There were two appetizer choices, neither of which, we were informed, were your typical salad, as the chef "does not do" that. So my husband opted for a steak salad which a previous reviewer, Joshua J, adequately  summarized. I ordered something like salad in a goblet.  I was told I could send it back if it wasn't to my liking. Trouble was...there weren't any other selections that were to my liking on the limited menu.The goblet salad was, to steal from another reviewer, odd. I'd never seen anything like it and that's not a compliment. It was poured out onto my plate, and it looked like glop. Salad soup. Tasted the same.  Dripping in whatever the dressing was supposed to be. It's still sloshing around in my stomach a morning later.No bread basket; the alternative was not rolls, it was crispy rye chips. Crispy. Almost inedible. Not a good experience. Not going back.
5	Having been to Renegade many times, though the many management changes, I must say they hit it right. One the downside, the happy-hour menu was quite lacking, we used to bring the kids and share a bunch of small plates.  I suspect they will add more to the happy hour menu. The main dinner menu is a serious foodie menu. We started with a deconstructed panzanella salad which was incredible. My wife loved her filet rolled in peppercorn (not overly peppered), with home made gnocchi.  I had the seafood in a bag, which is a strange name for an excellent dish.  Finished with the creme brulee with a peach chutney.  The flavors were extremely complex and complementary, everything just worked. This had fallen off our rotation but we decided to give them a change and were incredibly pleased.
4	Went to the 'new' R by MOD on 7/3 for Happy Hour. We have been coming here since the VERY beginning, and have seen the Ups, Downs, and everything in between. I have to say that the negative reviews are unwarranted----We had a great time, with good food and drinks. Had a Flatbread, the Mussels, the Black Bean Hummus, and probably other stuff that was really pretty awesome. I can see that this place won't appeal to everyone, but hey, that's why there are chain restaurants. To sum up: Good food, decent wine list, creative cocktails, decent happy hour, good music, good service. We'll be back a lot.
3	Ok, so I must first preface my review by saying that the BEST burger I ever had was at Renegade before they changed over to MOD.It was juicy and amazingly delicious!  I ordered the burger and it was dry. I would categorize it as a "meatloaf" because it has pork in it and they can't cook it medium. Bummer. The fries were great...but the pickles way too vinegary.The only reason I am giving the 3 stars is because our server, Loren, was great. He made the dining experience special.  He gets it. Service with a smile even when I was dissing the dry burger. LOLI WILL be back to try some of the other unique items on the menu. I like the vibe,
3	Went to try the "new" Renegade for my wife's birthday.  We were big fans of the old place (the pork stew and the bread pudding were amazing) and a friend told me this new one was better.  I need to find better friends. The wine list is still evolving they were out of our favorite Pinot but the one they suggested another that was reasonably priced and we enjoyed it,  Asked the waitress for an appetizer to split and she suggested the "goblet of greens" which is a large goblet filled with greens and drenched in a green dressing.  The waitress told us most people have a hard time eating it out of the goblet so she gave us a plate.  We dumped the salad into the plate and then picked out the greens from under a half inch thick gob of dressing.  It was OK but way too much dressing.  If it is hard to eat our of the goblet and it is easier to eat on a plate why don't they just serve it on the plate to begin with?  I guess they are big fans of alliteration. My wife ordered the filet and it was outstanding.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned on a tasty bed of roasted potatoes with blue cheese and other stuff. I ordered the short ribs and I'm thinking it was the worst meal I have had in over 10 years of living in the area.  The short ribs consist of a few lunch meat thick slices of short ribs over a way too salty combination of bok choy and other stuff covered in a 6 inch high stack of rice noodles. The same guy that puts the dressing on the salad must put the rice noodles on the short ribs.  The waitress gave me a plate to move the rice noodles on to because she told us that customers have a hard time dealing with the rice noodles on top of the ribs (see a pattern?).  The meat was so thin it was tasteless, Trying to cut razor thin meat away from the razor thin bone was way too much work,  The meal was so salty I need to down several glasses of water.  I'll admit it probably makes a nice picture for the website but this meal was awful and way too complicated to eat.  My wife took a bite, almost spit it out because of the salt,  and then put herself between me and her filet so I could not steal any (she did cut me a piece fortunately!). If I was giving "artistic impression" points it would get 5 stars but I am rating it on the quality of the food. I'm giving it 3 stars because the great wine suggestion and the fact that the filet was outstanding.  If I had to rate it on the "goblet of greens" and the short ribs alone I don't think I could come up with one star.
5	Venison Lollipops were sooo good.  Perfectly seasoned and tender.  My husband had the ribs and they were also delicious. There was also great live music. Fun time and highly recommended!
1	This was simply the most bizarre experience I've had in a restaurant in years.  From the minute I  walked in to find no one at the reception desk, always a good sign, to the fact that Renegade BY Mod has no idea what it wants to be.We were there on a Saturday night.  The bar was full. a party was going on,with bikerbar music and a crowd to match.  This was seriously loud honky tonk music.  We werethere, however, to eat, thinking this was a restaurant known for  food,not a bar crowd.The menu has descriptions that require descriptions-shrooms, soil{when"s the last time you saw soil on a menu?}and sand.   The cutlery is in a container in the middle of the table-another attempt to be different.Now the food.   The mushroom starter-shrooms - were actually the best thing we had.I had scallops which were far too salty.  My friend had the very thin and incredibly tough short ribs-looking and tasting like no short ribs in memory.  When we told the server he said many people had complained about them-perhaps a good time to re-think them or take them of the menu, yes?  We ordered a chicken dish as  a replacement  for the short ribs.  We waited twenty five minutes.  During this period our server totally ignored us.I live in the neighborhood which could certainly benefit from an upscale quality restaurant but this isn't it.  I can't imagine this restaurant surviving nor does it deserve to  with management like this.
4	The food was a total surprise. Excellent. Finally I can say I had a great meal in Scottsdale that didn't taste like it was pre made. The fish tacos actually contained fish. The food was so delicious and fresh. The flat bread pizza tasted like pizza not cardboard. Hope they stay in business and keep the same quality of food. Check it out. Only thing that slightly bothered me was the loud music in the bar. That could be toned down at happy hour. Or maybe different music.
3	Having had memorable meals at Kai, we were thrilled to learn of its former chef joining partnership here at Mod.   Signature touches and flair were apparent in the presentation, the food was innovative and some of it was excellent, such as the "shroom" dish.  The venison lollipops were too rare for me, but my husband said they were tasty.  He also had the pescado loco tar tare, and found it to his liking. I ordered the duck large plate and was disappointed-duck was good, but dish featuring beans, rice, okra, etc. was no better than say one would get at Milagro Grill or The Mission. The okra was unusually salty.  A server came to our table with a covered dish and asked if it were ours.  We inquired as to to what it was. He didn't know. He had come from the kitchen; not a regular waiter, but totally clueless. I do understand it was Labor Day Weekend and staff may have been not the usual crew. Our waitress was very pleasant, the hostess welcoming, and the others we encountered were attentive. Loud music for a younger crowd was intrusive. I could see going again for appetizers and a cocktail, but would not go back for dinner, considering the myriad of choices available here in the Valley.
5	Great restaurant and we really appreciate the localism that the restaurant is trying to incorporate.  Local farms for the food, local artists throughout the place, local music,  etc.... This is what restaurants should be doing. We lived in Austin for a few years and loved that aspect of the city so it's nice to see the trend developing here.  I appreciate the effort and the food is hands down amazing.  We started w/ venison lollipops and I had pork belly all by myself w/ blis syrup (considered one of the best craft syrups that u can buy) n peach cobbler.  Wife had the filet and I went duck.  All of it was unique and exactly what we hoped from MOD.  The pork belly dish immediately transported my senses to up-state New York/ Vermont farm communities.  It was awesome.  Loren our server was very knowledgable and explained the concept and gave us a rundown of some events the restaurant is hosting.   We had a great experience and I think that it's vibe n craft is what this area needed badly.
3	I have eaten at Renegade by MOD four times. I ordered the Twisted Ramen Noodles scented with Lobster Miso the first time. It was delivered with a raw quail egg. The waiter poured hot broth over everything and it cooked the egg to perfection. It was so tasty that I had to force myself to try something else on my next trip. I was glad I did as the Diver Scallops from the Sea of Cortez were perfectly prepared.  My husband's Filet Mignon Rolled in House Made Peppercorn Sand was outstanding.On the third visit I couldn't resist my urge to order the Ramen Noodles again. What a disappointment. It was delivered with the egg already cooked and after the hot broth was poured over it the egg turned into a rubbery inedible mess. The lobster meat was overdone and rubbery as well.My fourth trip may be my last. I'm having trouble staying excited about this restaurant. It's a shame because I was so looking forward to having Michael O'Dowd near my house instead of a day trip away. I ordered the two for $20 special which was a salad and pasta. The sauce was so thick it just glommed onto the pasta. My husband's Grouper "Fish Stix" tasted remarkably like halibut. Halibut is a fine fish but is not grouper. The dish was nothing to write home about even if it had been grouper. I have the feeling that the chef is not watching the pot and that the kitchen staff is getting by with murder. I hope he wakes up soon and gets them under control because they are making a mess of his creative food. It has the potential to be a great restaurant in an area that could use one.
1	Terrible Happy Hour! The fish, street tacos were horrible and the peach cobbler martini made me want to vomit!!!
5	Great urban decor and atmosphere. The menu is amazing. The scallops and the fish in a bag are highly recommended.
5	I am tempted to give one star and an "I don't get it" comment, just to get that snarky remark from the Chef, but...Truth be told, great food, and outstanding service!!!.Went for happy hour just to see.  Had OUTSTANDING apps, green chile, olives, and street tacos, and all were terrific!  Had a look at the dinner menu, and will have a hard time deciding what to order when I return for dinner.  I am a beer snob, and the bar has a great selection of local and regional craft beers.Love the decor and the vibe, and no, the music wasn't cranked, was at the right volume.  A shout out to our server, Charlie.  And a note to the owners, Charlie is great!  She has a great enthusiasm and passion for the place.  When we do come back, we will make sure to ask for her.Overall, love the place, the vibe and the concept.  I even think "I get it"...
2	Very disappointing...extremely slow service.  Food below average.Sea food in a bag...very poor.I will not be back
3	We had some delicious dishes.  We had some really bad dishes!  And, we had service from beginning to end that was simply terrible.  Chef O'Dowd needs to fix the front end of his house before he looks on expanding! Seems to me Chef O'Dowd needs to find himself a small, intimate spot and showcase his highly touted talents.  This simply did not do it.  I felt like we were in a slightly higher end Chili's.  We waited for service.  Every course was served to the wrong person.  We never received bread. We had to ask for our wine flights and were served Char when we should have received a red which we just gave up and drank. Big miss!  One guest never received his desert.  The salmon was special as was the pork belly.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd try it again.  But to drive there?  No thanks...
2	Loved the original Renegade, but guess I will write this new version off.    Seafood in a bag was average, at best.    Our guest was offended by our edgy waiter (gauges in the ears, tats).
1	What a terrible experience start to finish. We chose Renegade over stone and vine next door because we could enjoy the nice weather on the patio. It took a while to get service. We then ordered tomatoes and sliced avocado for our 2 year old. The manager came out 15 minutes later to tell us they don't have avocado. We then received our meal which had enough sodium to reach my salt intake for the month. After being there almost two hours we finally received the bill. I was pleasantly surprised so gave the waitress my card. It came back and the actual bill was twice the original. This was due to a mix up on the tables. It turns out my 2 year old's chicken tenders and tomatoes was $12. I told the manager about this and he took $2.16 off the bill. We live close by and will not be back. Stone and Vine for us from now on.
4	Was eager to eat here because of the executive chef. The duck prosciutto was absolutely amazing! Vanilla and apple creme brulee was to die for
5	My review is late but my sentiments about my visit aren't.  Easily one of my top 5 restaurants in Phoenix now.  I had the pork belly and I can't say that I have had a dish as good as this in Phoenix before.  Who mixes pork belly with Peach Cobbler unless you know what you are doing???  The service was over the top with our server taking time out to explain the restaurant's concept, the beautiful art posted all over the restaurant and even provided us with a normal menu to take home so we would know what the regular menu offered (went during restaurant week).  This is a restaurant only limited by location.  If Renegade was located in Old Town on the Scottsdale Rd North Scottsdale corridor, they would be one of the most packed places in town on weekends.  That being said, I like the fact that I now have a restaurant that is off the beaten path but better than most of what is on it!
4	My wife, my parents and I came here for my wife's birthday and had a pretty good time. The drinks were good, they had one my favorite bourbons which was nice (although I'd like to see more) and my wife loved the Rosemary Margarita.The appetizers were excellent as well. The Venison was cooked perfectly and the pork belly was phenomenal. For entrees my wife ordered the Duck breast which was tender and juicy, with flavors that paired very well together. My mother order the Filet which was cooked a very good medium rare. My father ordered the Diver Scallops which were cooked perfectly and the flavor was immense. I ordered the Bone-In New York strip and requested it in between rare and medium rare, what I received was more raw in the middle and blackened on the outside. The center was  bright pink, almost like what you would see with seared tuna,and was cold. I'm used to seeing a dark red center on New York so this was surprising and a little concerning. I have never seen a steak with inside color like that before in all my years of steak eating. Perhaps I just needed to order it medium rare?That aside, the glazing on the outside of the steak and the side items on the plate were very good. I enjoyed the casual atmosphere and the live music was very good. I would definitely comeback for the appetizers and drinks but I will try some other items on the menu before ordering the steak again. The burger looked awesome, and the ramen sounds interesting.
1	My husband brought me here for my birthday.  The food was okay but a little too salty for my taste.  The musician they had on Friday night was great. However the service was the worst I've seen.  When we got there the host was confused.  Then someone came and started arguing with him as we waited.  The serving staff seemed drunk and did not know anything about the menu.  We later learned that the staff (about 8 including chefs) had quit on that day.  This place is a mess. The new management needs to get a handle on things or get Restaurant Impossible to come help them!
1	What a disaster. Let me first start by saying, our favorite restaurant had been Kai, when MOD was the Exec. Chef. We went several times to Renegade based on our past experience.  Each time, the food was innovative and tasty.Yesterday, we invited two friends to join us for a 7:00 p.m. dinner. We arrived at 6:55 and it was evident that the hostess was a bit frazzled. The bar area seemed full but there were lots of tables in the restaurant area and only two patio tables full.After waiting about five minutes or more, we were seated. No menus - apologies because they were out of menus. Then the next clue came - the table next to us - got up and left after we had been sitting for about 10 minutes and finally received menus. Two glasses of wine took another 10 minutes. Water came right before that. The wait person said the kitchen was understaffed. Not a good sign.Two larger parties had been waiting with children. Their food finally came. Wait staff came to tables with food and then left because they were at the wrong table. Our order went in about 30 minutes after being seated. at 8:15, someone came by after my husband pointed out we had been sitting since 7:00 p.m. He said that they were "slammed" and our food would be out in 10 minutes. 8:30 no - food - only two glasses of wine and iced tea (had asked for hot tea) - we left.Food had been good the previous times, but the disorganization with the wait staff and kitchen isn't a good sign. When we left, there were very few tables full in the bar. The patio had maybe 5 tables full. This is a sorry state for what was a pretty innovative restaurant. We won't likely be back.
1	Being there's no option for zero stars, they get 1. Came here for lunch on a Saturday with my husband as he had heard about this place in the New Times as one of Scottsdale's top 5 new restaurants.  When we first walked in we were impressed by the decore and murals on the walls but noticed that the whole place was empty except for one other table in the bar area, and it was all downhill from there. Our waiter had just finished smoking so he was rather fragrant when he greeted us and suggested the quesadilla or the nachos. He didn't give us much time to decide our selections, though whatever we decided would not make an appearance for another 40 minutes or more. My husband opted for the quesadilla and I had the Lobster with pasta ribbons and we split the calamari. The calamari was decent but arrived 40 min later, and our food was another 50 minutes. The quesadilla was at least edible but the pasta was not. The lobster was old and rubbery and the pasta lacked any flavor other than  a fishy aftertaste. The waiter did bring us a random dish of sliced pinapple which I opted for over my food. I left annoyed, hungry and dissappointed and will go back around the same time as I hire Casey Anthony as my babysitter.NOTE TO CHEF:I find it hilarious that every bad post for this restaurant is matched by a low blow to the Yelper for "other negative" reviews. Be a man and own up to your opportunities instead of making superficial caddy excuses to justify the terrible experiences at Renegade. If you really "appreciated" the feedback from customers you wouldn't react by insulting them for providing their honest opinion.
4	Chef Michael O'Dowd of Kai fame has revitalized this place, it's amazing again!  The food is innovative but most importantly delicious and the drinks are great.  Now we are looking forward to going back again!!!The restaurant menu items are great, but the real gems at the best prices may be on the bar menu.
2	I live close to Renegade by MOD and being a foodie I decided to take a couple business colleagues there for dinner.  I had eaten at The Kai and had an outstanding experience more than once, so when I found out it was the same chef I was very excited.  I'm not one to bash anything and am only writing this review to provide some constructive feedback, as if the kinks were worked out it would be exciting to have another great restaurant in town. When I first walked in I noticed the lighting was very bright.  Bright enough that it detracted from the overall ambience  of the restaurant.  I even asked the hostess if the lights could be dimmed... she just blew off my request.  I struggled to find the right table for our business dinner due to the lighting.  My 2 colleagues and I sat on the back patio and didn't get noticed or served for about 15 minutes.  When the server finally arrived, it was obvious she had just returned from her smoke break.  We all ordered the filet.  The flavor was quite good but the portion (steak, potato, and vegetable) all were very small, especially given the price.  When I have dinner with 2 other people and spend $250 I expect the ambience, the service, and the food all to be excellent.  For a mid-level example, I could go to a chain like Houston's in the Hilton Village and the ambience and atmosphere is spot on, the service and team approach by the servers is always on point and the food is fantastic.  Considering Renegade has a top notch chef, with some hard work they could provide that same high-level experience for their guests.  I'd like to be optimistic and give them another try in a few months, assuming improvements are made.
1	Wish I could have reviewed the food but last Thursday we stood at the hostess table around 5:45pm and nobody was around. We stood there for at least 5 minutes and even saw what appeared to be the manager and someone else who works there at a large table nearby just talking.The place was empty as well, there's no excuse for poor service let alone "no" service. So we walked out and went to stone and vine.  Wow!
1	I am not one to normally write a review of any kind unless the experience is exceptional or totally unacceptable. Our experience at renegade's was simply the worst food experience ever. My wife and I were looking for a nice evening out and decided to try out Renegade. On the waiter's recommendation I tried the Pork Belly appetizer and the Duck for dinner. I ask for the duck to be done medium. My wife ask for the Scallops which the waiter said were simply fantastic. The pork was good and we looked forward to dinner. When the meal came the Scallops were ice cold. Any amateur could tell they were not cooked at all. I cut into my Duck and the blood gushed out of it. Needless to say the blood taste lingered for the rest of the evening and simply ruined everything for me. Just as bad as the preparation of the food we were seated on the patio and it took for ever to get a server or anyone from the restaurant to acknowledge our issue and return the food to the kitchen. Once the kitchen redid the meal the duck was still not acceptable to me at all while the Scallops were then done to perfection. All in all we will not be going back to Renegades ever again.
1	My wife, daughter and I had lunch on Saturday.   We were seated promptly.  The lunch menu is limited but we found food that worked.  What surprised me was the place was empty yet our service was slow.  Waitress was talking with other workers in the restaurant while we waited. Did not check in with us regularly, I went and found her to ask to add to our order.  Just seemed to be lax about attending to customers.Food was ok but nothing to go back for, and the service was underwhelming.
4	Came here for restaurant week and really enjoyed the food. Ordered the chicken with marshmallow fluff and sweet potato. The chicken and the marshmallow were a brilliant combination. The sweet potato was scalloped and then "reconstructed" - while it looked cool I didn't think it was mind-blowing.  I like the creativity of the menu but I think some of their dishes are a little lacking in flavor (my friend's plates were not as notable). We met some of the staff at a Charity event a few weeks later where they had a booth and everyone seemed to be very passionate about the restaurant and what they are trying to achieve. Hopefully that will translate into some great things from this place. Will definitely be going back for more :)
5	I love going to Renegade for a drink in the bar. It has got great atmosphere and is not as noisy as many other bars! The 5 stars is definitely for the atmosphere even though I also love their bar menu.
2	Wasn't impressed. Poorly seasoned steak and slow service. All of the food was just ok. So many better options out there. Quite disappointed.
5	This place is super cool and the talented team live up to   the hype. I went in for dinner and was pleasantly suprised by the open mic night which was happening. The restaurant is really interesting and has a lot more to offer than the facade of the restaurant suggests. They have a beautiful central wine room and a cozy patio area in the back. I sat at the bar with adam the bartender who made me feel very welcome. Ryan the manager suggested a pri fixed menu to me, it sounded fantastic and for the price was an excellent choice. The first cuurse was a frisse and compressed apple salad with bacon lardons and was really tasty, the richness of the lardons and the crunch of the apple was a good combination and was just the right portion size to keep you wanting more. Second course was a foie gras and asain spicy slaw sandwich and again super tasty. Foie gras is one of my favorites and this is by far one of the best I have had in a long time. I have never had it before with spice and it was a really delicious and interesting twist. For the entree was a spicy remen noodle with poached eggs and scallops. The scallops were cooked to perfection and it was served in a cute binto box too. If that wasn't enough ryan suggested I try the nutella creme brulee and I'm so glad I did. I would definitely share this but it was prepared perfectly with hazelnuts to garnish and that satisfying crisp top every brulee should have. I would definitely recommend this place for a function or if you want to break the mold and for any foodie that wants to try some of the inventive and out of the box creations that chef Jeremy delivers.
2	I went prior to the change then after and I don't see much difference.If you're going for dinner, expect to be disappointed.  Nothing is worth whatever money you spend.The only thing I'll give them credit for is they have a decent beer selection.I would be shocked if this place is open in 4-5 months....
1	Had a $25 gift card that I went to redeem for lunch today AND...they are closed.  Cleaning team was there, and they said they are closed forever.
3	This place has an identity crisis: a menu with interesting, delicious food worthy of a trendy restaurant, but bright lighting, decor, and a beer menu like a southwestern sports bar. Throw in a loud blues band on Sat night and we had no idea what to think!Bottom line: it was empty at 8pm on a Sat night. But the food was great! Will be interesting to see if they can unravel who they want to be...
