5	4-yr-old grandson/gramma heaven on a Monday afternoon between 1:00-4:30! I think we had MAYBE 12 other kids to share the place with!We even found parking in the shade...which was great given he triple-digit temperatures!!Pizza was good! It's a larger store with the full compliment of animated characters to put on "the show" and the big screen to watch for a little resting time while eating and between gaming!Large overhead crawling tube/slide. Many games for little ones. Things seemed clean and didn't see any games out-of-order.Loved the "Chuck E Cheeses Sketchpad"! Gave us a sketch that was a keepsake for Gramma!!
1	Gross is the one word that comes to mind when I think of where we had my nieces 3rd birthday party. This location has to be the dirtiest, stickiest, worn down place I've ever been into. Which is pretty sad since it's for children. A lot of the games and rides didn't work. The customer service there was awful. They didn't even remove our dirty plates after we ate our pizza, we had to put them on the table next to ours and they were sitting there as we left. All of the animated animals or whatever you'd call them looked like sad, worn out, crackheads with lazy and/or unopened eyes as they danced/flailed around. The place didn't even do anything for the birthday girl. No Chuck E walking around, no ticket booth, no happy birthday song, pure crap.They really need to close down for a few days, clean and sanitize the entire place, fix the broken games and rides and have a "how to treat customers" seminar. I DO NOT recmommend this location.
1	TOOO Pricy!!!
1	The location is pretty good. There are plenty of games for the kids to play.  BUT, the food was terrible.  I wasn't expecting much, but it didn't even deliver "just ok".  The management needs to step up their game.  There were bad grapes mixed in with good ones.  And the salad looked old.  I know, we took the kids there for the pizza, but not even that was good.  I'd at least give this place two stars, but the employees were lazy and a lot on the rude side.  It's almost as if they were saying, "We know you're still going to bring your kids here because your kids ask for it."  If we had been at an adult restaurant and were treated the way we were here, we would have walked out.
5	Freaking awesome experience! Excellent customer service, how can you beat this place? Pm manager Kelly made sure we enjoyed everything, def recommend, took my 14 year old, 10 year old, and a 3 year old, was something for everyone. Super fresh salad, pizza was so much better then I remember it being years ago. Why are you not bringing your family here already? Seriously, really had a great time. Rianna vilaire.
2	Chuck E Cheese is our typical Friday outing.  We had an activity in south Phoenix so on our way home we stopped at the closest one.  This was our first time at the one.  The good thing is they had different machines then the other ones we go to.  But the one thing my daughter loves about Chuck E Cheese is "Chuck E Cheese". At this one I almost had to become Chuck E myself, we almost had to force them to bring Chuck E out. We got there at 5pm, we were about to leave and they finally brought him out.  So we she did get to see him but almost by force.
5	This is the best chuck e cheese around. We come here to play video games and the kids just love it! The staff is amazingly friendly!
5	In all fairness, this review comes from my 9 year old who can't believe that grown ups are allowed to review this place and give it so few stars. In his words "Good games, good food and good prizes."  As someone who pretends to be a grownup myself, I I'm going to say somewhere between 3 and 4 stars *for a Chuck E Cheeses*. Service was prompt and polite, bathrooms were relatively clean, the food was about average. Chuck E made an appearance to a birthday party, but I don't think he ventured out to the rest of us. Most of the ticket redeemer a were down, but it wasn't too busy and so no line. I'm sure I'll be back here again because, ya know, I've got kids.
