5	Best one I have stayed at! Has nice courtyard and pool. Clean rooms. Pets accepted. Held room the night before so we could check in and get setup quickly.EXTREMLY FRIENDLY STAFF that went out of their way to help us!! We were running late coming in from Las Vegas and the wonderful gentleman at the desk had a cab waiting for us at 5pm to take us to the FIesta Bowl 2011!!  We had our 2 small dogs with us and Carol of Carol's Premier Pet Sitting (623) 826-6767 walked our dogs for us while we went to OU game on New Years Day. I RECOMMEND HER EVERYTIME!!TOOK GREAT CARE OF OUR PUPPIES!!!
3	I stayed here for about 5 days while I waited to move into a new home. They have the best rates in the area and they allow pets. Most of the rooms have been recently updated, including the room I was in. The room was average size, clean, and comfortable. Free wifi is available and free continental breakfast.Breakfast can also be ordered from a menu of hot items for an additional cost. This was my only complaint, I could not get anyone to take my order. The only person that came around to restock the free items could not speak english.....ooh well.We paid about $80 per night, but we had a 10% discount applied.
4	Wow.  Not the Best Western *I* remember.I had the pleasure of spending a night here after a long drive from California, and if given the chance, I'd come back in a heartbeat.  Now, I wasn't thrilled about the idea of staying at a Best Western, as the ones I remember staying in growing up (20+ hour drives from PA to FL) were filthy and uncomfortable.  Well, times have changed apparently.  I was FLOORED when I walked in... My room was beautiful, with little details (I'm a sucker for fixtures) that made me feel like I was at a spa.  Everything was CLEAN (and I check, lol).  The bed and pillows were comfortable.  The fridge was oversized.  The office chair at the desk was more comfortable than mine at work!  Breakfast was good, and the pool looked gorgeous.  Nice location, right off I10.  For the price, ($80) I don't think this hotel could be beat.  I really can't say anything bad about this hotel.  Worth a stay for sure.
3	This is an older BW property, motor-lodge style, that has been updated nicely.  I rolled into Goodyear after having an epic long day of driving through the desert and a long evening of navigating through heavy rain. So I was tired when I arrived (without a reservation, because I had planned to make it all the way home to Tucson).The room was great and the bed was super comfortable. The shower was very good. I did not take advantage of the free breakfast as it did not look very good and I needed to get back on the road. Next time I am bleary-eyed in Goodyear, I would definitely stay here again.
1	FRUSTRATING!!!Worst experience ever... everything about the hotel was "ok" on the two days we stayed...  but this is why i'm reviewing them... to help my fellow yelpers...the customer service is the worst. I paid with expedia and my debit card was charged for $135.90. Although they said it would only be for incidentals...I called December 31, 2011 as soon as i realized they had actually charged my card. They admitted to making the mistake and said I would get a refund. I waited patiently and called them back on the 4th and mentioned my refund hasn't been given back to my bank account.The next day they emailed me saying they processed it already.It's already the 16th of January and still nothing. I called and called but the people at the front desk seem to be powerless about it. They say talk to the manager but he/she never answers the phone. I left a message and not even a courtesy call. I'm having to go through the expedia customer service. Hopefully they can get my money back.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!! That's if you don't want to go through all the problems they are making me go through.... maybe I'll update if and when I get my money back. But stay away from this place, that's my personal opinion!
1	it's the 20th of January... and still nothing. I called and i get put on hold for more than 5 minutes... I figure: calling expedia may give me a better result... on the phone with them now and hopefully... hopefully i get my $135.90 soon... btw: supposedly they have wifi... not if your in room 144
4	This hotel is great! It's convenient to Buckeye, even though it's located in Goodyear. The room was spacious & well appointed. The website needs to be updated though. It says they only have double queen or standards. However, upon entering the room, a huge king size bed awaited me. Luckily, there weren't any feathers in the bedding/pillows. Would definitely stay here again when I need to go to the Buckeye Equestrian Center.
2	Dated but reasonably clean.  Rooms were dark which might be o.k. in the middle of the summer but we would have appreciated a bit more light.
2	This place is just an old 60s motor hotel room rooms that smell of smoke. Never again. There are better place around.
4	Room was fresh and clean with nice linens  and modern updates.   Got a midweek AAA rate of $89 for single king.
5	$135 with taxes. Great place to stop to sleep for the night. We can Always count on best western to be clean. This one is rather fancy. The shampoo and conditioner they provide is pantene upscale. Comfy clean bed. Nice tv with good channels. Complementary breakfast and free parking. Looked into other options in the area and 3 of them had reviews with bed bug issues we can always trust best western.
4	Nice motel. Easy on and off freeway. Clean and new (or refurbished - who knows?). Big room. nice furnishings. Front desk exceptionally helpful and informative and oh so pleasant and polite. Yes it was over 108 in Phoenix that day. Yes the AC worked fine. We were happy, slept well and off to the next stop on our journey across the southwest.
4	We wanted to stay on the west side of Phoenix so it would be easier to leave in the morning heading back to southern CA (no morning traffic that way!) I called around to different hotels and this place had the best price. We wanted a clean room, a comfortable bed, good air conditioning, and a free continental breakfast... And that's exactly what we got. I recommend this hotel if you're looking for a good value for your money.
1	Meh. I have to say I've had way better, I've seen worse. This hotel was a cheap late night find off of I-10 as we traveled from California to Texas. The staff was pleasant enough, the building/rooms old but looked to be recently remodled. I do not really like hotels that are open to the outside, meaning the entry doors face out into the elements. (I prefer the entry to rooms enclosed within secured buildings.) So this made me nervous because the areas away from the lobby are not wel lit and dark. The room looked clean but very tired in my opinion with dark, worn carpet; yellowed, dirty switch plates and typical economy hotel dressings. The bathroom was freshly updated with tile, new coats of paint (in main room too), and new fixtures. But, the bathroom was not spacious at all and left a claustorphobic feeling. The clothes closet was more of a nook with a rod which was a first for me to see in a hotel... Kind of corny and cheap. The water though was nice and hot and the tub sparkly clean. The beds were firm but comfortable enough to sleep on and had stacks if feather pillows - NOT my favorite options from hotels though for sanitary reasons. The room had standard furniture with a nice HD LCDtv. The microwave was great but the fridge not very cold. The a/c was odd to control and did not want to stay on at the temp I selected (colder) but fortunately it was a cool night and we were cool enough to sleep. This room was not "horrible" but I just couldn't get past a dirty vibe and I personally was not at ease with the room. Like, I cringed at the idea of walking barefoot across the carpet- even though I am sure the carpet was vaccumed (too dark to tell). And, I wondered if I might wake up to bedbugs. (Envoked paranoia) So that said, the hotel is probably what you would expect from a cheaper economy standpoint but I definitely DEFINITELY would not opt to stay at this place again.
1	Luckily I am staying with a friend for a few days and didn't pay to stay here.    This place is low budget!   I came back to the room while housekeeping was in the room.   The cart was in front of the room... The door was open but no Housekeeper inside.   I stayed in the room for 10 minutes... Nobody came back to the room.   This is a motel not a hotel... Access to rooms are from outside.   Anyone could have come into my room and stolen everything.   If that wasn't bad enough...When I came back a second time after housekeeping was finished... There were no towels in the room.   Zero! I decided to take a quick nap but was woken by the Housekeeper trying to barge into my room without knocking.  Luckily I had attached the security chain.   No apology from the Housekeeper... She handed me towels without saying a word! The property is run down and not nice anyway.   This experience is just not right.   I expect more from a Best Western property!
2	Kinda pricey for what you get and the on site "restaurant" stops serving food whenever business slows down, so don't count on a meal. Oh, and the bar serves beer but not wine, not sure about liquor. No movie channel on the TV. Pool was pretty and staff was friendly. If not for the night desk clerk, we wouldn't have eaten that night. We initially thought the Italian place she recommended that delivered was also pricey. When our order (a good-sized one) was delivered in less time than we had been told to expect, we decided that the timeliness, appearance, flavor and amount we received was not bad. Especially when ordering after 9 pm.
5	First I would like to thank Ian who helped with our reservation at the Best Western Plus in Goodyear AZ. He was EXCEPTIONAL!!!!  And very caring!!  We had a very bad experience at the Holiday Inn express in Goodyear AZ. And decided to cancel our reservation and go else where. But when we stayed at the Best Western Plus, It was the Best hospitality I have ever experienced. The staff was so friendly and caring. The rooms were great and the bed was so comfy, I slept in. I'm usually a morning person. They offer a hot breakfast in the morning. I didn't get to experience cuz I slept in. But I'm sure it was great.  I travel alot and rate my stays and I gave this a 5 star.  I will be back and I recommend this place. Also,  the girls at the front desk was so nice and caring. One was a trainee and the other was training her and still demonstrated great hospitality.  Thank you Kylie and Desiree! Because of your caring personality we will be back.
3	Rooms are fairly spacious. Pool is ok, nothing to brag about. Typical continental breakfast. Wifi is horrific. If your trying to do business transaction don't try it here. 1 MB download speed - max!Ok for a quick night otherwise spend the extra $15-20 and go to the Holiday Inn up the next exit.
2	Don't come to the Best Western Plus Phoenix Goodyear Inn expecting the Ritz-Carlton at Dove Mountain. Dude and I booked through Expedia to stay here for one reason and one reason only: Avoid a DUI.  We went to Oktoberfest with some of my colleagues at the Airline Training Center of Arizona (Lufthansa) and German Air Force Base across the street. I've stayed at Best Westerns in the past, and have had good experiences. The price was fairly reasonable - and again, we were NOT expecting luxury - However, the crap smells emitting from bathtub drain throughout the room were competely unacceptable. Didn't even bother with a shower, but it was still gross. The room also wreaked of cigarette smoke. Not my first choice for DUI avoidance in the future; we'll find another cheap hotel if we go party with our German buddies next year.
