1	I tried making an appointment by phone and when I asked if they took my insurance, they told me that I would have to call and see if they were in my network. How is it they can't tell me if they take my insurance? Why are they making me do all the work? No thanks. Next.
1	I am very disappointed in their services.  I agree that navigating the phone system is a nightmare...and they don't get back to you...ever.  I had a very minor procedure done in the office and they didn't fix it...but they want to keep charging me a copay and also charge my insurance company repeatedly to get it right.
1	Terrible!  I chose this office because it was close to my work and took my insurance.  After waiting for over an hour past my appointment time, Dr. Blanchard spent 45 seconds in the examining room.  When I asked him to hold on because I had a couple of questions, he completely brushed me off.  Instead of making an appointment to come back, I said no thanks.  I know of several dermatologists in this town who are very caring and plan on making an appointment there even if it means a drive across town.  Will not be back here!
1	Worst experience ever! I recently went to Dr. Blanchard for the first time. He quickly looked at my skin and prescribed an ointment and tried to dash out of the room when I quickly had to get his attention and tell him I had several questions. He let me ask one question before he left the room...are you kidding me? The second question I had was about the bad breakouts I've been getting? He quickly looked at my skin and said my skin was fine. What?!? I had at least 10 pimples on my face and lots of acne redness and scarring. He couldn't get out of there fast enough.
1	I saw Dr Bellew and as with the other cases, she was in there for less than a minute.  I was okay with that because my problem is fairly common.  She prescribed a medication for me but when I attempted to fill it, it was denied by my insurance company because of the cost.  They gave 5 alternatives they said were the same, or generic versions and asked her to pick one of those or give them a reason it needed to be the exact one she prescribed.  My pharmacy tried to call them and finally gave up.  I then tried to reach them countless times for over  3 months to get this straightened and have yet to receive a call back.  Try it, call their number, 702-430-3453.  You will get a message saying they will call you back before 6:00pm.  I have yet to ever receive a call back and there is no other way to reach them other than walk into their office.  I finally gave up and went to another doctor to get my prescription.  (it took ten minutes at the other doctor)  Then to top it off, they keep billing me for the visit.  They will never see that money.  I have already filed a complaint with the medical board and wish others would do the same.  That is the only way to get these horrible doctors to do their job or get out of the profession they obviously shouldn't be in.
1	Do not waste your money or time!! Dr Gregory Wastek came in stood by the door and barely even looked at my skin. He was in and out in 2 minutes. You spend your money to talk to the nurse. And the facility was not that clean. Then they give you a bunch of samples that are full of chemicals. I will never go back there and I wish I didn't spend my money to go there in the first place!
1	Always feeli like a number here and I cannot stand the electronic check in system they have. The PA I see here comes in for about a min then has an assistant to do the work. UGGGGGGGGGG
1	Expect over an hour wait and a ridiculous electronic check in system that takes longer than a basic paper medical review. Don't waste your time.
1	I went there because of a skin problem. They said what I was concerned with was/is no big deal. But they saw a mole on my back that they wanted to remove and biopsy. Sure go ahead. I paid my copay and was told everything was covered by my insurance but a month later I got a bill in the mail from them for $80.60. According to my insurance company they are "in network" which should mean they adhere to the insurance companies fees. This type of practice seems to be normal here in Las Vegas. I never know how much I'm going to end up paying even when I'm told "it's covered." Yeah I love buying things without knowing the price.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE customer service! !!! They DON'T care about their patients. .. just your money! !
5	Dr. Blanchard is a great doctor. We love going here.  The whole staff has been very nice and attentive. My son goes there and they also treat the kids very well
1	I saw Dr. Lucious Blanchard on 3-31-14 at the Tenaya location. I arrived at 12:30pm. My appointment was for 1:15pm. I left this office at 2:45pm. I was given a prescription cream to rub all over my body where there were rashes. He said it was severe eczema with a possible infection from scratching. I asked for antibiotics, he said no. Ask your primary care doctor. I told him I'm asking you for it because my primary care doctor won't give it to me because it has to do with these rashes, and the primary doctor's excuse is since it has to do with these rashes, and it's a dermatology specialist's concern, let him give you the antibiotics.So, I have an infection from scratching all my "eczema" rashes that look like measles or chicken pox, and neither my primary care doctor nor my dermatology specialist will give me a prescription for some antibiotics, just cream to rub all over my body. I filled the prescription for the cream, rubbed it on my rashes, and felt like a little worm tickling and crawling under my skin. I called my primary care doctor about it. He said call the specialist back. I called the specialist. They didn't return my call that week.I called my "telephone advice nurse" to get approval to go to Urgent Care because it was the weekend, neither my primary care doctor nor the specialist addressed my concern about feeling like something is crawling underneath my skin and tickling. I get to Urgent Care, the nurse is being overly strong and stern with me with an accompanying Samoan, Mexican, or Philipino accent. His voice gets deep when asking me for a 2nd time straight "When did it start." I see the Asian female doctor in Urgent Care. She asks me "Are you an alcoholic or hardcore drug abuser?" I said no.She gives me a prescription for hydroxyzene to stop the itching from a severe allergic reaction brought on from rubbing cream on my "severe eczema" rashes. The cream contained cortisone and hydrocortisone, which I'm allergic to, and what I filled out in the electronic tablet, told Dr. Blanchard's nurse, and mentioned to Dr. Blanchard himself. How could this mistake have happened? It's May 14th. I have had this problem since February. I waited for my referall to be processed. I went to the specialist. Now I've been to a dermatology specialist 3 times. 3-31-14, 4-12-14, and 5-13-14. I stopped seeing Dr. Blanchard after his and his nurse's mistake. I reported them to HPN Member Services. I'm seeing Dr. Brent Michaels at the Rancho location of Las Vegas Skin & Cancer Clinics. I'm much more satisfied with Dr. Michaels after 2 visits. 1 for my rashes, and 1 for a biopsy. I've written a separate review for him.
1	What a joke.  I was sent there by my insurance plan for a routine skin cancer screening.  First appointment was two weeks ago.  While I was filling out the paperwork I overheard numerous people complaining about the wait time - some had been there over two hours.  I finished the paperwork and was told it would be at least a two hour wait.  I could not wait that long and resceduled for today. After an hour and a half I was told the doctor was running an hour and half behind and they would try to get me with another doctor.  Enough is enough -  RESPECT A PATIENT'S TIME!!!  JUST REFUND MY $35.00 CO-PAY.  I am sure there are other Dermatologists in town that don't run their business this way.  Can you rate a zero??
1	What sound does a drake make? Is every skin rash eczema? I saw the PA-C at the Tenaya office. After specifically requesting that I not see this particular person again because of the fact that he refused to work in conjunction with me about my skin care. When I asked questions he acted as if I had kicked his dog, like I was questioning his abilities.  Even though he didn't take a sample or hit it with a blue light.The experience was despicable from the first phone call until the parking lot. The front desk person was rude at best. Everyone seemed as if they wanted to be doing something other than the job they are getting paid for. There was nothing redeemable about this place.
1	The wait time for an appointment is ridiculous. Been waiting over an hour and a half for my scheduled appointment time. These people do not value patients time
2	Had a 10:00am appointment, didn't see Dr. Blanchard until 11:00am; he's great hence two stars instead of none.
1	Blanchard needs to retire. His head is elsewhere. All about money. No patient care.  Wait is ridiculous.
