3	Do you ever walk into a store and feel icky for no good reason? Like you just can't put your finger in it, as to why?  That's kind of how I feel about this Micheals.  I just don't like this location, for whatever reason. It makes me feel icky.  Let me explain.As a scrapbooker, sometimes I find myself wandering through the isles of craft stores to pick up supplies.  This is common for me, and in regards to non specialty (generic)  supplies, such as scissors, glue, random stickers, paper, etc.  Plus, I also find myself checking out other stuff in the store too, just to get a feel of whats out there with other "stuff" like fabrics, candles, frames, etc.For some reason, I am turned off when walking in this location.  Sometimes, I feel like its a dingy mess in here.  I'm not impressed with how the store is set up.  It feels like a combo of dirty/disorganized/dismal when I am at this location. It also feel s a little cramped for my liking.  I don't feel like there is a ton of isle space in regards to shopping. If someone is standing with a cart in the aisle, you almost have to go around or wait for them to finish if your looking to check out whatever they may be looking at.I do not frequent this specific location a lot due to the above circumstances.  I will shop at other Michaels before I go to this one.The staff is okay,
2	As far as Michaels stores go, this place is awful. The floors are dirty and cluttered and the staff is very loud, like yelling across the store loud. I felt gross being here, go to Hobby Lobby instead.
5	I was in a bind. I needed paint markers for a sign I was producing and couldn't find them anywhere in the area. I was driving around frantically looking for office supply stores and happened to see this Michaels. I went in and the manager and the staff were very busy helping customers but they found time to help me find exactly what I needed. They knew just what I would need to get the task done. I paid and left and procedeed to go paint my sign. Half way through I realized I needed another kind of paint to finish it up and frantically rushed back to Michaels. The manager called over the PA and got a painter to come help me find exactly what I needed. Thanks a bunch!
4	Quick and easy... Thank god!!!  I do make a point, however, to never come on a weekend if I can help it.  My favorite location is Tempe Marketplace because it is MUCH bigger, but for convenience sake, I'll stop by here when I need something.
2	Understaffed. Checkout lines almost always long, staff rarely available to help. Not super clean. Will see if that improves at the new location...
1	Took a friend here to pick up some things he needed and I wanted to see what Rainbow Loom stuff they had.  After trying to get the attention of the 3rd employee and having to wait while they finished their conversation, I was informed that they only received about a dozen of the upgraded kits and has sold out of them a few week prior, and they weren't sure if/when they would be getting anymore in.At the check out counter we had Ryan.  He was making jokes and really friendly with the person I brought and while replying I said one word that he didn't like.  I apologized and was trying to be friendly with him but from start to finish, he wasn't very nice to me at all.  Ryan kept rolling his eyes and was very short with me.  So I started to think that maybe he was rude because I don't look Caucasian.  Either way, he should not be working in anything customer service related.
1	This is no longer here. Boo.Really needed to go and it's as though it never existed!
