5	"A Beauty Apothecary": Luxury Cosmetics, Skin Care, Bath + Body, Makeup Services, Brows, Eyelash extensions...I ventured into this tiny Beauty Apothecary some time ago, and fell in love with this small boutique.  It is a one of a kind here in Scottsdale and carries lines such as Kevin Aucoin...I like going there because I have finally found a GREAT aesthetician...her name is Leah Alvarez and I highly recommend her for any waxing services (especially the brow!) she also provides facials and other services. The Glam Lounge as provides makeup services buy Andrea...she is genius when doing makeup!I highly recommend this Beauty Apothecary boutique for any of the ladies out there!
4	I get my eyebrows waxed here and the store is VERY cute and very low key. They have tons of cute gifts to browse while waiting. FYI: Give yourself time for parking, since The Mix has opened it is a little harder to get a good spot.
5	Glam Lounge is a product junkie's paradise ... a persnickety product junkie anyway. The owner (who moonlights and daylights as an editorial makeup artist and fashion stylist) stocks her cute little shabby chic boutique with cult-status cosmetics like Lipstick Queen, Kevyn Aucoin and FACE atelier. I went in recently for a total makeup makeover and had a blast (although my pocketbook took a huge hit). The makeup artist wasn't pushy though and I'm happy with all my purchases, right down to the Diane Brill lip gloss I'm wearing right now. Besides makeup services, Glam Lounge also offers skincare and waxing services in their private treatment room in the back of the store.
5	I was referred to Glam Lounge by a friend and added Andrea (employee and makeup artist extraordinaire) on Myspace. I looked through pictures of her work and was extremely impressed. Her models looked absolutely gorgeous and ethereal, without looking over-made up. She brought out their natural beauty without caking it on like, ahem, M.A.C. Being somewhat afraid of makeup, I knew immediately I had to book her for my wedding.First of all, she traveled a hell of a long way to service my bridal party and myself. That was appreciated more than she'll ever know. Secondly, she was so friendly and made you her center of attention. I have had makeovers before and they just slap something on you, expecting you to feel beautiful/satisfied. Thirdly, I've never had my skin look so flawless. She made my blue eyes pop with the gorgeous chocolate shades she concocted. I have never felt or looked so gorgeous in all my life. I hate wearing lip color, but she applied the perfect color to complement my skin.Thank you Glam Lounge! You have a client for life, thanks to the amazing look and feeling Andrea provided!!!
5	Thanks to the lovely Lisa K. I checked out Glam Lounge looking for foundation by FACE atelier. Apparently this is the only store in the valley that sells that brand. When I first entered I didn't know if it would be one of those snooty, upscale beauty shops or if the people working there would be cool. The gal that helped me out was very friendly. I told her I was looking for FACE atelier, she pointed me in the right direction and also gave me a free sample. I was happy for the sample as I wasn't completely sure I wanted to spend over $30 for foundation.After using the free sample of foundation and happy with the product I headed back to Glam Lounge to purchase a full bottle. This store is very cute and clean and they have lots of great products like DDF which I'm a big fan of. They also offer services like facials and waxing, which money allowing I would like to check out. They also have great eco friendly shopping bags. I now have a mini tote bag that I can take back with me to haul my loot away.
5	What happens when the best makeup artist in the industry opens up her own makeup lounge? TRUE PERFECTION! I have been a long time client of Diane's ( the owner of Glam Lounge) who has worked magic on my face and truly Knows all of the best beauty products. So when I herd Diane was opening up Glam Lounge I couldn't wait to see all of the goodies she had brought in. The day I walked into the store with the warm Tiffany blue walls, white display cases, accented with a black chandelier and beauty products galore... I was in heaven! Diane had brought in makeup lines that you can only get in NY and LA such as Kevin Aucoin ( the best creamy blush ever used) and Diane Brill ( the best lip gloss that last) and so many others, there are to many to name. On top of all of the best products, Diane took it a step further by teaching all of her makeup artist at Glam lounge all of her secrets to a beautiful face which she has used on all of her top models and celebrates clients. Glam Lounge is a definite must if you are looking for the best makeup product's, skin care lines and just all around great service!
5	Glam Lounge easily compares to boutiques you would find in New York or San Francisco!  They stock all the brands you read about in magazines, but just can't find anywhere in the valley.Needless to say, I literally want everything!  Every time I go in, their super easy-going, knowledgeable staff introduce me to something new.... like I just bought nail polish top coat that dries your wet nails almost instantly.... who knew a product like this even existed!  Ahhh!!  I'm just so excited about a place like this because I really love finding out about up and coming brands and products, and the girls who work here actually know what they are talking about- there just isn't any other place like this!
5	Highly recommend any of the artist at glam lounge. They are all very talented and professional. Make sure to book them for your next party, wedding, it event. plus they come to you so not stress of having to go to them. I have nothing but great things to say about Diane and her staff.
