4	Formerly the Caspian Grill. Very tasty, well seasoned traditional Persian stews and kebabs. This is one of the only places I know of in town that serves Persian ice cream and faloodeh, which I find myself craving on a weekly basis- I definitely recommend trying both here. My only two complaints regarding this spot are a) they do not properly de-bone their fish, and b) on one occasion I was served undercooked chicken fesenjan. Aside from that, this is a very small, very unpretentious place to have a casual dinner or lunch. The service is above average, the decor is dated by about 15 years, and you and your dining companions are usually the only patrons in the place. They also have a Mediterranean market next door which used to be considered part of the restaurant. The market sells the usual old generic standards you'd expect (medjool dates, boxes of falafel mix, canned tahini, etc.), in addition to some interesting produce, like mini champagne grapes and Persian melons, as well as some worthwhile imported cheeses in the brine. Overall, a cool place for a relaxed meal.
3	I was in the mood for Mediterranean food, and last time I was at Kabob Palace they took sooo long to get us our food, so we decided to check out Lily's.  Upon entering, we stood there for about 5-10 mins. before anybody even noticed that we were there.  There was a big table w/ about 20 people, so I guess the waitress was busy.After we were seated, it took a painfully long time to order and even get our water.  I was getting so impatient that I wanted to leave.  We actually walked down strip mall to grab a menu and check out  Amena Bakery, and FINALLY when we got back the waitress was giving us our drinks.I think they realized that we were getting impatient so they started bringing out our appetizers and were quick with our order.  Once the food came it was very good.  You couldn't have asked for better grape leaves, hummus or baba ganuche.  The falafel was a little dry, but they gave us a free order of tabbouleh, so that made it a little better.  I was pretty stuffed after the appetizers, but my companions were raving about the food.I would have given Lily's four stars, but the wait really put a sour taste in my mouth.  It just goes to show that you never have a second chance to make a first impression.
1	When we arrived on a Saturday night at about 8:30. The place was empty. Not a good sign. As we were seated, the host said, I have a party coming later, you might want to sit far away - and we did. However, the food was uneventful. And nothing like I've had in Persian Resturants in the Middle East. The service was average. However, the group - of about eight men - totall destroyed the evening. They had a keyboard player/singer. As soon as they started up -- well, my ears are still ringing this morning! Will I go back. No. Service/Average. Food/Average. Pricing/Normal for off strip. Ambiance - Nothing to write home about.
1	I am sad to report this place CLOSED its doors a long time ago. I used to like the lunch buffet.
