4	So far, The closest to a real NY Bagel that Vegas has had to offer. Chewy bagel goodness; not frozen and not all out of proportion- you know that huge bready mess? they got it right Great taste and really good service.
4	The first time I walked in I knew it had to be pretty good because of the number of old Jewish ladies picking up bagels, challah, deli meats and cheeses for the week. Is it a coincidence that I gave them four stars and there were four old Jewish ladies in the store the first time I went in? I'll let you decide.On to the actual bagels. They are pretty tasty, but the onion bagels turned out to be so-so because the onion on top was over cooked, i.e. a bit charred. Other than that I've been very happy with the quality of bagels this place has and I've been back quite a bit since.
5	I've never been disappointed at Sterling Bagels.  Their bagels are the best in Vegas...big & chewy.  I usually ask for mine with easy cream cheese because they are really generous with their portions.  All the sandwiches are excellent because they bake their own bread and use great quality meats.  Pastrami is killer here as is their club.  The family loves their breakfast bagels but I'm not crazy about them.  Their bagels with smoked salmon is probably the best I've had.They have a great deli counter and we often bring home egg salad, chicken salad, and pate home.I know they do big business on Jewish holidays because they sell tons of platters.  I've taken platters to customers for their office staff and they've raved about the food.The only real downside is that it's in Sun City.  Navigating that parking lot with all the senior citizen drivers can be hazardous!
4	The closest thing to a NYC bagel here in Vegas. Enuff said.Njoy.
4	Although I do grab a bagel from here once in awhile, it's the sandwiches that make me come back. My niece and I have a tradition of having going  to different places around town in search of the best sandwich, and after a year long journey this is the place that has come out on top so far. Most often we have their egg salad, but all of the ones featured on the speciality board are fantastic. They are all made on your choice of homemade bread and are piled high with the freshest quality ingredients you can find. They are so big in fact that at times the togo container has to be wrapped with cellophane to keep it closed, easily big enough for two.
5	I love Sterling [PERIOD]. I do think, however, the bagels, at $0.95, are a bit pricey, but they are great...not NY, but as close as you can get
2	I've only tried this place once, and it did not make me want to return. I picked up a challah here and was disappointed. Probably the worst challah I've bought at a bakery/deli in town. Tasted kind of burnt and overcooked. Also the onions were burnt on my bagels. I don't like that, needless to say. I also tried the chopper liver. Was not impressed with the taste. It sounds like other people have had good experiences here, so maybe I'll try it again sometime. Also, they don't take credit cards!
1	Maybe they used to be good, but they aren't anymore. Went in looking for some Matzoh Ball Soup for my sick wife. Now their sign above the door says "Soups, Sandwiches, Salads", but when I asked where the soups were the high-school kid behind the counter looked at me quizzically and said "We don't have soup". Ok, so I asked where I might find some good matzoh ball soup, and he looked at me as if I were speaking chinese. Come on people, this is an independently owned BAGEL shop in the jewish quarter of Summerlin!! The Smith's next door even has a Kosher store within a store! This place was completely barren as well. Not so much as a painting on the walls. Just a couple fridge cases, and completely empty of customers... Im not surprised. Avoid this place. Waste of time.
3	This place has changed ownership 3 times in the past year. The Sterling brothers sold it to a Jewish guy who recently sold it to a black guy.While he is nice its obvious things are on the downhill. The place isn't busy anymore, the owner is never around and the place is run by a bunch of kids behind the counter. Service is slow. The last time I ate here my bread and bagles were stale. They haven't had a working cash register for 2 months now - just a note "cash register down". How the heck do you run a retail business without a cash register!?!?!***UPDATE***A of Sept 2011 the Sterline Bagles is CLOSED. A sign out front on the door said they are out of business and the place is empty.Unbelievable the new owner ran it into the ground within 3 months. It was there for 22 years.
4	Now called Bobby's Bagels and all is delish!How does one create a new site for Bobby's Bagels?:-)
