2	Unless you grew up with this place (which I didn't), it's not really worth going to.  It's out of my way, but so is the Red Caboose on route 51, which is much better.  Don't get me wrong, the hot dogs are pretty good, but they're pretty expensive for what you get.  Jim's secret sauce is pretty good too, but not enough to keep me coming back.  I probably wouldn't even dislike the place, except that the french fries are horrible.  It didn't look like they fried them at all.  And they were burnt, so they had to have been baked at some point.  If I want crappy baked fries, I have an oven at home for that.  I go out to get real fried french fries.So unless you have some sort of sentimental attachment to this place, I'd pass.
4	a little expensive, but the food is great! I could eat Jim's dogs with sauce and cheese all day every day.
5	Love this place.  Best hotdogs, burgers, and nachos around!  A bit expensive, but worth it.  The sauce makes all the difference.
4	There have been many food options that were staples in my diet in Buffalo that I was surprised were not regulars in Pittsburgh.  Hot dog stands is one of them.  After complaining about not having them here, a coworker directed me to Jim's and said I had to try it.  It is out of the way so it took me a while to finally get there, but I am glad we did!  They have hot dogs, burgers and chicken, but you'd be foolish to not get a hot dog.  Make sure you get it with sauce, pickles and cheese.  SOOOOOOO good!  There is table seating but note that it is picnic tables and they are not covered.They also have a variety of milkshakes.  I tried the root beer and it was fantastic.
3	Their hot dogs and burgers are decent, but I really liked their fries and ice cream, though. The famous sauce is nothing to get excited about. It's in a weird location, a converted house and has been there for decades. It's hidden in the middle of a residential area.
4	Between 3 and 4 stars, leaning 4.  Very good for a hot dog joint.  If it was compared against only hot dog joints, it would be 5.  Good local place with different flavors, reasonably priced and comfortable.
4	There's nothing like Jim's famous sauce. I've bought it in the bottle, but it's nothing like the real deal when you're there. If you're going to splurge on your diet, get a milk shake, too. Nothing like topping off a hot dog, cheese and sauce with a chocolate shake.
