5	This is a rather small shop at Town Center with a focus on women's activewear.  I love the way their clothes fit and service was great!I just stopped in to find a few casual shirts.  They had a variety of colors and styles, nothing too crazy, but the sort I would consider for everyday wear.I really liked the way their clothes fit, definitely more tailored than others I have tried, plus several of the t-shirt styles were made of a material that was slightly heavier.  I have found this to be flattering (the way the material falls) and more wrinkle-resistant, always a plus!The woman that was helping me was very good.  I usually prefer sales people to leave me alone, but once she saw the styles I had selected, she brought me a few extra items that worked out great.
5	I love this store. They have free yoga on Fridays and a one mile run club in the morning. The service is friendly and helpful, not too pushy. I love there selection of headbands. Their yoga pants are sorted by height making sure you get the right size. I love their whole selection it just doesn't cater to yoga but ladies fitness. Only con is it's a bit pricey for some items.
5	Sometimes it is just all about the service!After venturing here recently twice to satisfy my need to dress and feel comfortable in the gym, I really luv this store! I have been on my 2x a week personal trainer appointment and cardio-on-Saturday-mornings regimen for two months and have suddenly needed a few more athletic items in my wardrobe.Raquel is a sales goddess.  She is so good at her job - the first time I went in there, she helped me find a great workout tank with no built-in bra (hate those!), a skort, and a reallllllly cute hoodie.This time, I walked in when ALL of the new products came in - they were being put on the floor right when I entered.  I tried on tons of stuff - there was no specific goal in mind, but they have layering pieces, jackets, vests, hoodies, fleece, you name it!  I tried a lot on, but the funny thing is I needed to throw on bottoms so I could come out and check out the big tri-mirror in the dressing room area, so Raquel grabbed some flared yoga pants and that is what I ended up buying!They were super tight and made me look cute and curvy.  I am telling you - she knows how to make a sale!This is the time to visit Lucy since so many new things are showing up on the racks.  Go there and ask for Raquel!
