2	Grabbed lunch with my husband during a 3 hour layover at the McCarran Airport.  I had a salad and a slice of pepperoni and black olive pizza.  My husband had the pepperoni stromboli and the spaghetti.  We both ordered them as combos, so a soda was included.  Cost was about $10 per combo.  Portion sizes are large, but I think my husband nailed it when he compared the quality of the food to elementary school cafeteria food.  Somehow I remember Sbarro's I've eaten at before to have better food, but not this one.  It is airport food, but I would try someplace else if I had to eat at this airport again.
2	It gets the job done.  What do you want, it's a Sbarro's.  If you want something that's different than the traditional pizza, try a stromboli.  Unlike pizza, it's .... okay, it's basically tubular pizza.  But it's good!My only beef with Sbarro's is really a beef with the food court it's part of:  The iced tea they serve at the fountain is UNDRINKABLE.  I'm taking off a star for it.  I actually had to pour my tea out and drink water, it was so vile.  There were two fountains, and I tried the tea in both places, and it was equally horrible out of both fountains. In an era in which even Jack in the Box manages to serve excellent iced tea, you need to up your game, Sbarro's Food Court!
3	Luckily I hadn't lost all my money at the craps table this time because food at the airport is 2-3 times regular non-airport prices. I give this 3-star review because it is expensive but you get the best bang for your buck here! I had a pepperoni Stromboli which was $6.99 and a small fountain drink. Left $11.00 lighter than when I walked in. The Stromboli was what I had imagined. Not too terribly flavorful, but my taste buds have been on a while ride this week so I'm sure it was perfectly acceptable when I'm not starving before my flight. Could it have been better? Yes. But the workers (wearing Burger King Uniforms) were courteous and upbeat. Although, as I walked around the metal rail to place my order, the lady (thinking that I was probably leaving) said "there is also a Pei Wei down the way if you're looking for something different". Really? Wonder why she offered that option as opposed to others? Since she works here, I'm pretty certain she knows that Sbarro is the end of the line in terms of food. I seriously hope it wasn't because of the color of my skin! Here's to giving Sbarro the benefit of the doubt and to 3-stars.
4	I gotta say, for an airport pizza joint, i was impresed.  I got a slice of pep with a side special that included 2 garlic bread sticks and a sida for $10.  Food was pretty darn good!   I was skeptical but happily surprised. Minjs 1 star due to a little wait.  Worth stopping in here as i thought the value was worth it.
