1	DO NOT USE this company!!! They have a very poor staff and I was billed for services they did NOT complete. I was told if I didn't pay for the services they would send me to collections. I have called the owner several times with no return phone call. They never billed us and when they did call for payment they wanted right now! I give the Gina my address and she called me a week late never remembering that she had talked to me. She also called me Sue...NOT my name. What is going on over there. No one seems to care about what there doing. Use a good company Do NOT use them very BAD......... I can't even see straight when I think of these people very poor treatment.
1	This company is very unprofessional.  The operator can't answer every question. They prioritize the calls on extreme cases first, so if you just have an appointment for an examination they will cancel on your appointment more than twice. I thought that was the whole point of an appointment.  If they do cancel they do not leave voicemail to cover their end.  I gave them two opportunities and they failed twice, so I just went with another exterminator company. In the end poor customer service, no courtesy calls, and poor information.
4	Our technician Steve is great, though quiet, we have never had a negative issue with Alliance, they have serviced our house since two houses ago in Chandler, so this is our third house we have used their services and love their responsiveness and their attention to detail, including calling if they are in the area earlier than expected or if they will be a little later.
1	I am a professional realtor and just had the experience of dealing with this company and would NOT recommend them. They did not perform the drilling on a termite treatment until called to the carpet and asked to complete the service. Even then they did not complete the drawing showing a thorough treatment as required by the state.
5	This is a Great Local company! I had ants, then bees, then crickets.  They were able to eliminate my plague of insects and keep them away with regular treatments.  It has been very fair prices so I can't recommend them enough.
