3	We have finally found another place in Charlotte that has a Sunday brunch buffet.  What's better is that they have some of the best desserts in the area (we've been there for these before, we just never realized that they had a Sunday brunch).In fact, starting at 8am, Pike's offers a breakfast buffet, then at 10am, they roll out the roast beef, lasagna and some other items (including their awesome broccoli casserole) to make it a full-fledged brunch buffet until 2pm.  It appears that the regular menu is not available at this time, though I think you can order from the fountain dessert menu for things like shakes and sodas (and black cows!).So if you don't want to go all the way to Pineville to the Waldhorn, stop in at Pike's.  Even at prime brunch-going time (about 11am), the wait was only about 10 minutes, and the food was fine - just be aware that it might take a while to get, and you can get charged like crazy for add-ons/substutions.
2	Pike's was always the place we went to grab onion rings and a milkshake, and it's still a great place to go do that.  The problem with this Pike's location is that they have a full menu that they don't seem able to deliver.  The last time i went i was quickly served my milkshake, but I left after waiting 25 minutes for my food (the waitress never came by and there was no one else eating at the restaurant).  The last time my parents went they said the food was ok, but that when they were brought their food originally both of their meals were wrong.
4	Best brunch buffet in town. Service and variety are great. Try to get there before 10am on Sundays because the price skyrockets after 10 for little more than roast beef and green bean casserole. That's why I give it 4 instead of 5.
3	I really enjoyed the old pharmacy feel of the place with the decoration.  I just like anything with an old timey theme to it.  If you can avoid the lunch rush do so, it can get kind of crazy at times.  But other than that it's a nice little place.  The chicken salad is great and the selection of ice cream and shakes can provide endless fun.
4	Great place to go for brunch, especially on Sunday for the buffet, although it can get pretty crowded during this time and for normal lunch rush. The milkshakes are great. I would go here just for some chocolatey frozen goodness, although the rest of the menu is pretty tasty as well.I also like the lasagna and the burgers, and did I already mention the milkshakes? Ymmm.4 stars from me.
3	I highly recommend Pike's milkshakes and other desserts. The old-timey atmosphere is fun, but the service also seems to move at an old-timey pace. It often feels as though it takes forever for your basic meal to arrive. The food is good (I like the grilled cheese), but not amazing enough to wait that long. It's packed on the weekends. You'll find tons of families and little kids there. In the summertime, it's fun to sit outside and watch the light rail go by and enjoy a milkshake.
4	I went to Pike's last weekend for brunch after a wild night out and left a happy man. Still hungover, but all filled up. As far as I can tell, Pike's is famous for its weekend buffet, which is like $14 (sounds like a lot, but it's as much as you can eat, and it's alll good). This gets you access to normal breakfast stuff (scrambled eggs, potatoes etc) BUT also southern treats like biscuits and gravy and grits (which are definitely worth trying). If you get there a little late and are feeling like lunch, there are options like meatloaf and various other meat cuts for your pleasure. Just don't go there looking for a light meal. The best best part if the dessert. I know, dessert after breakfast feels a little weird, but don't deny yourself--great coffee cakes, cupcakes, and carrot cake. I repeat: i left stuff. and happy.
4	After an unsuccessful Yelper excursion attempt to Pike's for late night desserts, I decided to stop by for lunch today instead. The atmosphere is interesting. It's casual and quaint, but set in a somewhat industrial styled brick building. Picture old wooden booths with coat hooks and large gilded mirrors set against a ceiling of exposed air ducts and dropped track lighting. We were greeted warmly at the door, guided to our table quickly and our orders were taken promptly. Their menu selection features traditional American favorites, some with Southern twists. Choose your own fixin's style burgers, meatloaf sandwiches, chicken tenders are just some of the selections. Their "made from scratch" soups caught my eye, but today's selection was potato bacon and sounded a little too heavy for my tastes. Our food was delivered within a reasonable time frame. My cheeseburger was good, somewhere between the mark of Five Guys and Penguin's. Fries were crisp, without the taste of old frying oil (my pet peeve). My husband's turkey burger was pretty tasty, seasoned with plenty of flavored seasoning salt. We finished lunch with the Tollhouse Pie, a chocolate chip cookie baked in a pie crust, topped with vanilla ice cream and fudge. It tasted just as I hoped. Warm, chocolaty, rich, but balanced by the ice cream - an American classic. My one criticism would be the restrooms which are in dire need of remodeling. I shudder if the old adage of judging a restaurant by their bathroom is really true. At any rate, the dining room atmosphere, food and dessert were all enjoyable.
3	This was a toss up- I could have just as easily gone 4 stars. The milkshakes and desserts are great, however the food was just okay (yes I tried the honey pecan chicken). It is worth checking out and I would certainly recommend stopping by for a sundae after dinner someplace else.
3	"One of the best burgers ever!" said my husband as chili fell from the burger and onto his plate. He ordered the Carolina burger filled with chili and coleslaw (strange combination, but it went well together). I got a freshly squeezed lemonade...satisfying!My mom got a hot fudge sundae, but was greatly disappointed. The hot fudge was not thick and creamy as one would expect, instead it was like something out of a hershey's syrup bottle. In addition, she had to scrape the sides of the dish to get it.It's conveniently located next to LYNX and makes a great stop to and from Uptown for a game or something. The atmosphere was cute and old fashioned. It was good food and a nice place to relax on their patio...just go somewhere else for dessert.
3	Good lunch spot the service is good if you have Mona and they have a wonderful peach cobbler with the creamiest vanilla ice cream!!!
4	When I worked in Uptown Charlotte, I frequently visited Pike's for lunch or a VERY early dinner.Old fashioned yes, the looks of the restaurant that is. Open beamed ceiling, a soda bar, and yes, they make phosphates and hand stirred sodas!! Holy Coke!The best thing about Pike's I would say is their servers. Always happy, always helpful. My favorite server would be Mona, she has been there for years. Reminds me of someone I would like to see every time I go to Pike's.This is the first place I ever experienced a grilled PB&J. Yep, old fashioned it might be, but it was AWESOME!Milkshakes are like the old days, thick enough to eat with a spoon, and they give you the leftovers in a stainless steel cup. Holly makes these!Desserts are all homemade. The cakes, especially the coconut bomb are the BOMB!This place reminds me of when I was a litte girl growing up in downtown Miami. The walls are old, and there are even older mirrors hanging from the beams. Yeah, what is so big about old walls? They tell a story about this place, they make it warm and inviting. The booths are all wood, no cusions for those of you that have soft asses. Sit in a chair instead.The soda bar is perfect if you are dining by yourself.Think comfort food when you think of Pike's. Mac and Cheese, Rueben's, PB&J's, Meatloaf, Turkey Clubs. All good. And remember to wash it down with a Cherry Pepsi. (I know Michelle is gonna cuss me out for the Pepsi mention in this post). Outside seating during the summer months!
4	Yummy!!! I really do like this place. If you go on Sunday for brunch, their  brunch buffet has a great variety. Their vegetable soup is delicous, they have a lasagna that is sooo good. And their deserts are really amazing. However, when I go during other times. I typically order the honey pecan fried chicken. My goodness, I LOVE it. The chicken is moist, with anice crunch crust. Drizzles in honey and pecans. With a side of their sweet potato and broccoli caserole. They have that southern home cooking down pat. I would definitely advise for you all to go there.
5	Visited Pike's (yet again!!) for their Sunday Brunch. My husband and I visited on Valentine's Day afternoon thinking that they would have been done and over with brunch, but to my surprise, it was still going strong!The brunch was the best that I have had in a very VERY long time. Real scrambled eggs, gravy, grits, apple compote, bread pudding with syrup, bacon (just like Gram's!), fresh fruit, eggs benedict...and a carving station, lasagna, green beans (my favorite), sweet potato casserole--should I keep going? Is  your mouth watering yet? It should be. I finished two heaping plates of food. So did Dan. I felt Spritely during my visit--maybe that is because I ordered a hand stirred Shirely Temple.When I thought I was finished, I wasn't. There was a dessert bar too! I went for the Carrot Cake. Truly wonderful! Cream Cheese icing and all.
4	They take really good care of their customers, the club sandwich is great and there are a lot of salads and other tasty looking dishes.  Desserts look really good too.  I'm looking forward to coming back.
3	**NOT gluten-free friendly**(must be able to order creatively to eat here)We went here for brunch, but there was virtually nothing a gluten-free girl could eat, so I ordered an omelet instead. It was good, but came out luke-warm.  I ordered hot tea, and was brought generic black tea (I'm used to having a choice) in a teeny mug.   Overall, I wasn't impressed, but at least it was sustainable!
3	Went for brunch.  Had an omelette.  Food was good, but just good.  Nothing to write home about.  Atmosphere is cool.
4	I was driving by this curious soda shop one almost rainy day when I decided to stop in and see what it was all about. When I say down at the bar I asked the bar tender to make me his best item. He came out with a toll house pie. Wow. I had no idea what I was in for. But man, did I find out. It was a perfectly cooked pie, warmed to taste just like a cookie fresh out of the oven.  It worked... I loved it.
2	The food here is great - my problem with the place is around two things:  ok although a minor problem it still is a consistent problem...every time I go I get a milkshake and every time it is not mixed well enough.  This results in huge chunks of ice cream you have to mash or wait for it to melt.  I dont like that.  The second problem I have with this place is the service.  I have gone four times at varying times of the day and always the service is subpar.  I end of flagging down the waiter for refills and begging for the check again and again.  But the food is good so if you are only interested in the food and the cute atmosphere then this is your place...not for me though.
3	Family outing....Goods: I had the meatloaf sandwich, come on any place that has a meatloaf sandwich on the menu starts at 4 stars without even trying and I'll work from there.  I also had the Onion rings which where top notch also.  On the healthier side...we got milkshakes and the Chocolate one was nice and thick where you had to spoon some of it out.Nice place to visit. They have done the decor to try and date the store to the old soda shops which is nice to look around and enjoy.
4	I've been here 3 times and they are always sold out of the pot roast.  It must be really good.  And now I don't think I'll be in Charlotte for a while.  You have to get an old fashioned phosphate soda.  Cherry coke or vanilla coke are good bets.  The Italian sodas are also yummy.  Oh and get a coke float.  They serve you a Mexican cola (pure sugar!) and let you keep the bottle!  Well the ice cream is very soft and the float is frothy.  Seriously, don't just get a water.  Would you go to a bbq place and get a salad?  Oh you would?  Nevermind then.The food is definitely above par.  And they have great cupcakes and desserts.  The ice cream is good although it's not homemade, it's very soft and delicious.  Ok here's one thing... they claim to have the best grill cheese.  Some magazine rated it or something.  It's really not the best.  So we were a bit disappointed.  Just throwing that out there in case you were gonna go just to check that out.
5	Wow! This was a great find.  Great food and friendly staff.  Clean and great atmoshere.  This is a not Fine Dining but a great place to eat. Will defiantely go out of my way to eat here again.
4	I went here for a little change from the uptown place at lunch. Parking is a pain even for an early lunch (11:30). I had that Buffalo chicken sandwhich grilled. It was pretty good, wish I had gotten a BLT. I also go the fruit....which was a quarter of watermelon (not a great sub for fries).I also got a peanut butter banana milk shake. It was not that great, I have had much better at cook out.It was a good change from the same thing everyday down town though. I think next time I go I will try something different.Our service was great but I can see them being slow when they are busy.
4	Cute, old-fashioned soda shop Uptown! Good service, great display of desserts right when you walk in. Lots of neat stuff on the menu. I tried a hand-stirred Pepsi with chocolate flavor add-in. Not something you can find just anywhere! Tasted just like it sounds: Pepsi with chocolate. The red velvet cupcake had a tangy strawberry jammish filling - tasty! Come if you like desserts and oldies music. They've also got a full menu if you want a meal. Cute, colorful umbrellas in the outdoor seating area as well. Enjoyed this place very much, thank you!
4	Great food, quick lunch service.  Fun with kids or business associates.  Favorite of mine - Honey pecan chicken.
5	I accidentally happened upon this place after hitting a furniture store in the area.  Felt lucky because I had the best milkshake I have ever eaten...  it was peanut butter banana!  And they give you a huge portion of it (fills up your glass twice).  And then I had the cobb salad which was good, too, and was VERY large!  Probably one of the largest salads I have ever seen.  And from the sounds of it, the desserts are supposed to be delicious.  Would definitely like to go back again and try one of those.  And I like the old school, soda shop vibe.  Definitely a cute atmosphere.
4	I don't know why I don't come here more!! The food is always good and the service is excellent!! Came in Yesterday for lunch and had the soup of the day which was the broccoli cheddar, soo good!! I had a BLT that was made on homemade white bread and was served with hand-cut french fries soooo good and filling!! My boss and sister both got the Chicken Fantastic they also really enjoyed they'res!!
4	Now this is why I use Yelp.  Pike's is an upscale rendition of an everyday soda shop / diner.  With its fancy brick South End building right off of the light rail line, you might mistake this place for some frou frou joint that serves burgers with "aged artisan cheese".  You'd be wrong.For lunch on most days, Pike's deliver an excellent burger and shake meal.  Finish off with a red velvet cupcake or a slice of pie and you'll be in glutton heaven.That said, the real show here is Sunday brunch.  Wanting to show my visiting parents a good Charlotte breakfast outing, I took a risk in taking them to Pike's.  I'd heard good things on here about the Sunday offerings but never had them in person.  Oh man, did this bet pay off.  Their $9 breakfast buffet has everything from blueberry french toast, eggs benedict, sausage and bacon to hashbrown casserole.  If you get there after 10AM and fork over $14 instead, you can chow down on all of the above PLUS roast beef, sweet potato casserole, green bean casserole and lasagna and more.  Lasagna?  WHAT?The best part is that all of the food is crazy delicious.  I mean three-plates-full delicious.  The kind of breakfast you walk away from kind of hazy, unsure if your legs are still gonna work.Sunday here is simply awesome.  Any other time, it's still pretty good.
3	My boyfriend would give Pike's 4 stars I'm sure, but I like my food a little healthier. We both got the honey pecan friend chicken, he got green beans and mac, I got mashed potato and broccoli casserole. The chicken was tasty and unique, the honey pecan sauce was really good but it could have been drizzled on more than poured. My sides were rich, but his green beans were fantastic. I drooled over the chicken pot pie and will most likely probably try it when I go back. The dessert selection includes all my favorites and I can't wait to go back for one or two. So if you are just thinking of desserts one night, this is the place to go. I will definitely return.
4	I really enjoyed the soda shoppe atmosphere of Pike's.  We brought some friends here just for dessert and I thought it was so cute!  I had a craving for something sweet and this place was exactly what I needed.  I got a great feeling the moment I walked in the door and could see most of their desserts on display inside a glass counter.  And they sell cupcakes if you're into that fad.  We were seated right away and our waitress was awesome.  She was so sweet and very quick to bring our drinks and subsequent refills.  I ordered the chocolate, peanut butter and banana milkshake recommended by another yelper and it was very tasty.  Most of it was well-blended but it had chunks of banana which I liked.  The hubby got a brownie hot fudge sundae that was amazing.  One friend ordered the gooey pumpkin cake and it was delicious as well.I'll have to come back sometime and try some food if I can restrain myself from ordering a huge dessert.
4	Finally decided to pay a visit here after taking the kids to Freedom Park - I've seen Pike's from the light rail and always wondered what it was like. Decor-wise it's a funky mix of old fashioned soda shop (complete with wooden floorboards) mixed with gentrified warehouse chic (complete with exposed girders). The outdoor patio looks really inviting and mellow, especially considering the location (busy corner in the South End). The menu has a plethora of diner/soda shop standards, notably burgers, sandwiches, and comfort food like fried chicken and meatloaf. The kids ordered the hot dog and grilled cheese kids meals, along with the upgraded milk shakes (of course!). Based on the advice from our server I ordered the Carolina Classic burger - you guessed it, 1/2 pd patty with chili, coleslaw, mustard and onions. Asked for their house chips on the side. Some observations: 1. The kids meals are impressive in both their size and quality - the hot dog was a kosher beef one, grilled perfectly. Came with two sides, fresh fruit and the house made chips. The grilled cheese was also high quality and overflowing with gooey monterey jack. For the extra $1, the small milkshakes are a steal! 2. The house made potato chips rock -perfectly fried and salted. Completely addictive. They should really create some sort of nacho dish with these. . .if you ladle their house made chili and sprinkle some cheddar on top you would have a heavenly appetizer. 3. While the burger was very good (cooked on a griddle, which I prefer) the chili was stupendous! Meaty, complex, thick - perfect for a burger and made me want to scoop up the leftovers with the chips! Service-wise, no complaints - prompt, friendly and honest. Overall this was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone in the Dilworth/South End/Uptown area. Great option if you are at Freedom Park or Nascar Hall of Fame and want a comfortable place for you and the family.
4	On a recent business trip to Charlotte, we had lunch at Pike's, per someone that used to be a local.  As soon as you walk in, you feel like you're in an old tried and true soda shop.  The place was packed at for lunch and as much as we wanted a solid lunch before heading back to Charleston, the dessert display and menu was hard to ignore-- cakes, pies, cobblers, ice cream, sundaes, milkshakes, malts, sodas... oh my.  After much contemplation I ordered the vegetable plate.  Not to worry, the only reason I did was so that one of my sides could be the mac and cheese (a special that day).  The sweet potatoe casserole was just as good as my mom's, the greenbeans were awesome, and even my side salad didn't dissapoint.  Everyone else got the hot turkey plate (massive portions of stuffing, mashed potatoes, turkey and gravy) and the pecan fried chicken (boneless chicken breast breaded in a crispy pecan crust and choice of side).  Everything was homemade, delicious, and not a single one of us could finish.  Then dessert.  I skipped, but fortunately my friend with the Tollhouse pie was very generous.  It was something just shy of heaven and automatically came a la mode w/ no extra charge (huge brownie points).  Again, everything was fresh, homemade and very satisfying to the soul.There are lots of healty options at Pike's as well.  I noticed a lady next to me had ordered a salad topped with blackened salmon.  She too was enjoying a very generous portion of food but in my opinion had no idea what she was missing... or maybe she did and that's why she was eating a salad.Lucky for Charlotte, Pike's is not a chain.  Next time I am in town, I will go back to Pike's for good service, great food, and lots of calories... no salad for me, thank you.I hear their brunch is stellar, no surprise.
5	This is hands down my family's favorite casual restaurant in Charlotte!  We celebrate everything here: birthdays especially.  The food is great, the atmosphere is relaxing, and the staff is VERY friendly!  I especially love the quiche, salad, and muffin entree.  Food portions are generous, seating is great, and they have a separate meeting room if you need a place for a small function--my husband had his novel debut party here.  The outside seating is great in the Spring.  My daughter loves the HUGE banana splits that can easily be shared by 3-4 people.  5 stars all around.
5	I had never bothered to check out Pikes mainly because they seemed like a typical shake and burger joint. Man, was I wrong. Here's what you need to know: #1 Everything is homemade (even the salad dressings and the ice cream). #2 The honey pecan chicken is like foodie crack it's so addictive. That's all I get when I go there. #3 The people and atmosphere. Like hearing yourself? Enjoy super nice wait staff? Don't want to feel crowded or have to wait? They got you covered. #4 The shakes. They really are worth it. The cherry with black cherry ice cream is my favorite. Try this place. You'll be hooked.
4	I gave pike's another few trys. I am now in love with the BLTS! they are really good. They also have great mac n cheese and French fries. I knew the place was great, just had to order the right thing for me! I have still not tried the milkshakes, maybe next time.
4	Looovin' yoooou, is easy because you remind me of home with your tasty food selection, doot'n doot'n do doooo....It's true, though. Pike's Old Fashioned Soda Shop reminds me of the many, many diners that dotted my home town in Maine. I've grown accustomed to Southern food since I've been here, but I love me some yank options. FOOD: Mmmmmchickeckmushroomonionquiche. Buttery, savory, chicken-ey... delicious, and a very generous slice at that. Accompanied by a muffin and a garden salad, this really hit my comfort spot. The person I went with had the pecan-encrusted chicken, which I eyed jealously due to the amazing aromas that were wafting over to my side of the table. I'm determined to try that next when I go back. We split a piece of tollhouse pie with vanilla icecream, and here was my only disappointment. The icecream was great, but the pie was overcooked and crunchy/stale where it should have been chewy-gooey. SERVICE: I like'em spunky, and that's what we got. Casual conversation and laughter was abound, with our food also brought out in a timely manner. Booyah. ATMOSPHERE: Homey diner, with the high-backed wooden booth benches, and the stools at the soda bar. Like someone took a soda shop from the 40's and mashed it together with hipster culture. I know how that may sound, but trust me when I say it was a success.PRICE: Average, but the food is above average for the price, in my opinion.Overall:Pikes has been branded my homesick hub. Whenever I dream of Maine, I'll come here, pull up onnah stool, and get meh a hot turkey sammich, yessah.
5	Very cute place. Reasonably priced. I went there for Sunday brunch with two friends. Place was pretty crowded but was not too noisy at all. Server is very friendly. I LOVE the tomato basil soup there. Usually Im not big fan of this soup. But PIKE totally changed my mind. I will come back soon~~~
4	We had the Sunday Breakfast/Brunch Buffet.  Very good!  Great coffee and service.  Kinda expensive for breakfast but considering the quality and variety, it was worth it.  Can't wait go eat there again, when its warmer, outside on the patio.
3	Really cool place to have brunch, but the food wasn't much more then par.Very cool decorations and the feel is very relaxed and comfortable to hang out on a Sunday morning with friends. When u pay $14 for a buffet, I would think it would be continually stocked, but they couldn't keep up with the demand. If I went on Sunday in the future, I would go before 10:00 so I could get the cheaper price. My wife ordered off the menu and I think I would do the same next time if I didn't do the buffet.  One of the biggest pluses...if you like potatoe casserole, this I'd the place for you...awesome cheese covered potatoes...Yum!All in all... So-So
2	Went for Sunday brunch. Ordered a Western Omelet - it was ok. Others at my table got the all-you-can-eat buffet, and seemed to enjoy it - I think this is a quantity over quality kind of place.One highlight was the hashbrown casserole - very tasty!
3	Solid 3.5- I've gone several times and overall have enjoyed it.I've had the breakfast buffet in the past- and it's pretty darn good...but not good enough for me to think to recommend it unless someone is thinking of specifically staying in south-end. Today for lunch I went with the pecan chicken. I too (like another reviewer) found it to be a bit overwhelming after awhile and would have liked something lighter on the side or for lunch (but that's my own fault). The mashed potatoes were luke-warm and the casserole was good but  very heavy. The chicken itself was very sweet - and the honey sauce can be a bit much after the first bite or two. I really want to try the limeade/orangeade but at $3 a pop - I may as well wait till after I get off of work and get an alcoholic version for a dollar more. I think if they lowered that price a bit I would definitely go for it. ...I do feel price-wise the chicken was a great deal at $8.95 - but the sandwiches were on the same price point as the entree- seemed odd? Service was pretty good- we had a large group and he did a nice job about getting our meals out to us and handled the  separate check situation like an expert! I still havent found a go-to entree but I will keep looking
4	My wife and I liked the casual outdoors atmosphere. We were seated and waited on by Wyatt, who was warm, engaging and helpful. We never had to guess where he was or when our drinks or food would show up. I had the chicken pot pie special and it was very good, with a nice flaky crust. My wife had the southern fired chicken salad and liked that too. The house-made potato chips and potato bacon soup were very good also.The prices were fair and when we're back in town, would definitely consider a return visit.
4	Have been to Pike's many times for Brunch (it's great value), but recently went there for lunch during the week.  Ordered a salad which was decent, but not outstanding.  My fault for not selecting a better menu option.  My two compadres ordered the BLT and both thought it was delicious.  Service a tad on the slow side.  Also had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table.  I'll go back for lunch and definitely for brunch.
3	Lovely location and wait staff.  The food is not spectacular, but a good atmosphere.
5	OK- I know you are not supposed to judge a book by the cover and how many times have I been pleasantly surprised, but I wanted no part of Pike's, I really thought it was going to be average with no reason to think it, just my idea in my pea brain. So, I have lived here for nine years and never step foot into Pike's. Today I decided to drop in, it was close to three, it is very cute, like an old fashion soda shop (that is a little revamped), a huge drug store clock where it's always ten till eight and cute little memorabilia around. You may be asking, well Tonya, why the five stars? Let's start. First of all my french fry barometer scored it a 'yahoooooo' for my scorched fingertips from the hot fries. I ordered a hot dog with raw onion, jalapeno and yellow mustard. My hot dog was made with love, the condiments went to both ends of the dog, not just in the middle and what really made me happy, the simple act of sprinkling salt and pepper on my fries before serving. I can tell, whoever was in the kitchen, prepared my lunch with love. I also saw a Coca-Cola float go out with Mexican bottled Coke. Can I get a hell yeah? Sorry I was so harsh and judgmental.
5	I seriously love this place! The food is great, the service is really good and they decor is really cute. Plus, Pike's makes GOOD milkshakes. Not those crappy thin ones you get a most places. Yummy thick milkshakes where the chocolate is made the old fashion way- vanilla ice cream with fudge syrup.When I went, I also got the Hawaiin Chicken Sandwhich, which was actually really good. I knew the desserts were the highlight, but they're food is also pretty good. One friend got the fried chicken salad and another got the turkey burger- I tried both and they were just as good as my meal.I reccomend this place for families, friends and those wanting to go on a casual date.
1	Told the waitress we had a meeting to go to down the street, and were in quite a hurry. She said it wouldn't be a problem.It then took about 20 minutes to get drinks, about 45 min to an hour for the food (which was wrong, but we didnt have time to get a new one), and about an hour and a half before we saw the waitress again to ask for a reciept. We were so insanely late to the meeting we missed the entire thing. Worst service I've ever had in Charlotte, not to mention the fact we specifically told the waitress we were in a hurry, and she said it wouldn't be any inconvenience.Went back about a year later, and the service was still ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!! Will never, ever, ever, go back here. Even though they do have good milkshakes.
5	This is my favorite breakfast/brunch place in Charlotte. You can order off the menu or they have a buffet which included grits, biscuits, eggs, pastries, roast, mac and cheese, green beans, lasagna and usually three different desserts. Get there early because a table can be hard to come by.
4	I like Pike's!I stopped in for brunch today after passing the shop multiple times every time I ride LYNX into the city.  I arrived just after 10:00 and had no problem finding a parking spot as things were pretty quiet.  I was seated quickly and greeted just as quickly by my waiter, Justin.I chose the buffet which had the advantage of staring me down as soon as I walked in the front door.  The breakfast side of the buffet runs the entire front portion of the front counter, with the lunch side along the wall on the right.The food was good, with the only strike being the hash browns, which were more like a hashbrown casserole (a la Cracker Barrel).The service was fantastic.  Justin was on top of things throughout the meal.  Plates were removed quickly and my water was refilled in a very timely manner.The price jumps $5.00 after 10:00am and I'm not certain if it's worth it.  The breakfast portion is definitely worth it, and next time I'll make it a point to stop by earlier.
4	Good burgers and EXCELLENT shakes!
4	Pike's is really fun as it offers old fashioned foods, milkshakes and a to-die for brunch on the weekends. Their meatloaf is just as good as your mama's and their milkshake selection is enormous! All of their milkshakes are made by hand by a "soda jerk" and are super yummy. I highly suggest stopping in for their brunch buffet. It offers many different breakfast foods as well as a meat carving station. And the buffet is pretty affordable too, somewhere around $15 or so. Whenever I dine here, the place is always busy but the wait for a table is never too long as they also have an outdoor patio section that is nice to enjoy on a warmer day. I say start with the brunch first.. then go from there. You will be back! :)
1	At 8.95 for brunch , we thought it couldn't be bad , BUT WE WERE WRONG.  Expired cereal boxes on buffet, only regular milk, no sugar free syrup.  Few breakfast choices, lunch items begin at 10:00,we left at 10:30 and they still were not ready.
1	Gross, I dont understand this place at all.
2	The only complaint I have with Pike's is they moved their main Soda Shop from my neighborhood!  I live a few blocks from Pike's Pharmacy and the original Soda Shop was next to it.  Then they went "yuppy" and closed that one down.  There is another restaurant in there now.  I guess the old neighborhood wasn't good enough for them!
4	Great place! In the mist of a lazy Saturday, I wandered in for some good food. I had a bacon grill cheese and black bean and beef chili. It was excellent! The grill cheese was perfect, nice and gooey cheese with semi-crisp bacon. The new manager, Mike, stopped by and chatted with me a couple times. He is very sociable and seems like he will have Pike's serving good food for many meals to come.
1	This is your typical trendy spot that everyone swarms to with bad food, poor service and inferior overall presence. Be prepared to wait up to an hour to be seated for weekend brunch. Once you do get seated and you dig into the space food options, you'll kick yourself for wasting your time.
4	A friend I was visiting in Charlotte said we had to go by Pike's for the Sunday brunch while I was down. After I arrived, that's where we headed! As I understand, it is in the South End part of the city. I was glad he made the suggestion, as I and my friends had a great brunch experience.The facade is a nice brick one, looking like another trendy place to go for eats or to hang out in the city, liked how it looked going in. Once inside, you are treated to a interior much more on the old fashioned side as the name suggests. Great look as an old time soda shop combined with a nice dining area on both sides. Very welcoming in design and look. I liked the atmosphere it gave.As I said, we went for Sunday brunch, which is a buffet there. Man, it was some good stuff. Healthier fare such as fruit, cereals, or light breads, even to scones and a very light coffee cake. For more hardcore eaters, carnivores, and breakfast traditionalists (that would be me), there are eggs, bacon, sausage, hashbrowns, french toast, biscuits and gravy, grits, etc. There is also a side station for other main meals faves such as a wonderful beef carved as you come up to ask for it. Most everything I had was great, definitely a three plate brunch for me. The grits were a bit thin and my buds were not wild about the green beans but all in all, it was a great selection and meal.I recommend going by Pike's for the Sunday Brunch buffet...good price (below 15 bucks as I remember) , great food, and nice staff. I will go back!
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place but was totally underwhelmed. The service was friendly but slow. I ordered a Carolina classic burger, which has chili and slaw on it. The burger came back with no slaw. My husband ordered the bbq brisket, which was presented on the menu as a dinner. It turned out to be a small sandwich, which was very dry and tasteless. The atmosphere is unique but it's not enough to compensate for the lousy service and lackluster food. I will say that their peanut butter chocolate shake was excellent though.
4	We took out of town visitors here for lunch and everyone enjoyed their meals.Buffalo Chicken Sandwich-Spicy fried perfect and great portion sizeChicken Pot Pie-Flakey well preparedChocolate Milkshake-Thick and enough for three glassesBlueberry Cobbler -Nice thick crest and very fresh blueberries Fish Tacos-Well seasoned and perfect portion size
4	I've been here twice, and already I have decided that I absolutely LOVE this place.  Because it's a soda shop, the decor is old-fashioned and reminiscent of my childhood days when the last of the soda shops and pharmacies were fading away.  The music played was mostly 50s and early 60s.  They even have a soda (and booze) bar at the front of the restaurant, where you can order a variety of soda and ice cream drinks.My first trip was on Sunday for brunch.  For $13.95 (which may seem like a lot, until you try the quality of food on the buffet), you get access to a buffet with all kinds of goodies.  In addition to the traditional eggs and breakfast meat, you can choose muffins or pastries, a hashbrown casserole, eggs benedict, some french toast casserole thing, and fresh fruit.  After 10 AM, they also feature lunch dishes, including roast beef, soup, salad dishes, and pasta.  Finally, they offer a range of desserts to go with all of that, in case you haven't eaten enough pastries or other sweet things on the buffet.  You don't like buffets?  No problem for brunch!  You also have the option of ordering omelets, quiche, and pancakes as well, not to mention lunch items.My second trip I went  for dinner.  I ordered the salmon caesar salad and fried pickles, and my friend got their pot roast dinner.  Both were quite delicious - the salad was filling without being too big.  The fried pickles were so good - cut somewhat thick with a tasty Southern batter.  I decided to order the Tollhouse Pie for dessert - it was so good, I'm convinced I could have eaten a whole pie in one sitting!  She had the carrot cake, which was delicious with a lighter cream cheese icing.  And the best part is that most of the dinners are $10-$15, which is quite reasonable.Both times, we had awesomely friendly servers, both of whom were quite attentive.  My only gripe about this place is the parking situation.  Unfortunately, they do not have a parking lot that I could find; it's all street parking.  While there is a decent amount of parking, you have to fight traffic in the evenings to get to the parking, and I'm sure it becomes very difficult to find the busier they get.  Still, it's right off the light rail, so it would be super easy to park somewhere else and just take the light rail there.I can see this being one of my regular places to eat.
4	Love the Sunday brunch! Staff keeps the buffet well stocked despite it typically being quite busy. French toast casserole, hash brown casserole, broccoli casserole...oh my! yum yum & yum! Of course, they also have the usual brunch staples as well: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, biscuits & gravy & much much more. My only disappointment were the eggs benedict. Its hard to keep something like that on a buffet line in mass production and have it be delicious, in my opinion. It was 'okay'.  A little on the plain side for me. There is SO much more to choose from, so overall I say... it's fabulous!! (and all for $13.95....what?!)
3	On a hot summer day, you can easily gulp down a couple orangeades!
3	Met my aunt for her birthday. I had to get the honey fried chicken because that just sounded so darn good. Though the frying batter lacked any spice, it was very crispy which made up for that. Plus how much spice do you need with HONEY? The chicken itself was moist and very tender. As for sides I got the broccoli casserole that was very good, and mashed potatoes. I finished with a chocolate malt which was amazing, even better than Cook Out's and I love those.
4	Love their orangeade- so fresh and flavorful. We really wanted to try their famous sunday brunch buffet this time. Food was really good, not the best, but good quality, well stocked and clean buffet tables. There was A LOT to choose from- honorable mentions are mediterranean salad, biscuits (perfect texture and not overly salty!), broccoli casserole (yum!), fresh fruits and carrot cake. Kind of wish if they had an omelette station too ;-)
3	I've been here a few times and it truly is A-OK. I tried the Hawaiian chicken sandwich on my most recent visit. A chicken breast topped with a grilled pineapple and red onions. The flavor was good but the chicken breast was so thin and kinda of dry. I enjoyed their house made chips. The wife got the pot roast. She loved it. The deserts look great but I haven't tried those yet. Maybe on the next visit.
4	Pike's Soda Shop is a fun dining destination located in Southend right on the light rail line between Tremont and West Boulevard. I recently enjoyed a tasty lunch here and look forward to returning for brunch and to sample the famous ice cream, especially the milkshakes! Service was professional and efficient and the chicken quiche made for a satisfying lunch with the accompanying side salad and muffin. I didn't taste the reuben ordered by my dining companion but it also looked great. I love the ice cream sodas here. Kids will enjoy sitting at the old-fashioned ice cream soda fountain counter and the lovely patio is available for outdoor dining. On Sunday Pike's is open earlier for breakfast and brunch.
4	I am a fan of Pikes! Food: I love that they have an option for turkey burgers, and they are actually good! You can not say no to the beautiful display of desserts showcased. My boyfriend's favorite dish is Honey Pecan Chicken, Mac n Cheese, and other sides. Service: The service and wait staff is always friendly. Depending on the time of day you may have a small wait. Price: average $11-$16 per person Location/ Parking: located on conveniently on the corner with plenty of street parking
4	Pike's is right behind my office and when I don't feel like driving somewhere or just want some good comfort food for lunch, this is the best option.  The grilled cheese is really pretty awesome!  It's got two kinds of oozy, gooey super melted cheese on it.  And when I ask for it to be well done, it comes out perfect, yay!  The pecan fried chicken is another good one.  Its sweet and savory, and all kinds of bad for you but hey sometimes you gotta splurge!  It comes with a broccoli casserole which is also delicious, and the mashed potatoes, which I do not love.  But that's okay you can sub a different side for $1!  Desserts are very tempting.  So far though I have resisted, except I was given a slice of the mousse cake for my bday fro my boss, how could I say no to the boss??  Its a cheesecake with layers of the chocolate mousse, it was really silky and smooth tasting, very decadent and very delicious.  Luckily I had co-workers help me eat it.The prices are very reasonable here.  Service is hit or miss.  I feel like they just drop you check right after you get your food, which is odd because I eat lunch at off peak times so its not like they need the table.  No matter, I sit and read and enjoy my food and leave when I am ready.  Otherwise, everything else is great!
2	I have not had a good experience here in years... even after numerous attempts at giving them the benefit of the doubt.. Meatloaf is bad and almost tasteless, Turkey Burger came out with frozen chunks in it, the pralines and cream milkshake came out and had lemon seeds in it for some reason.. just bad. Everything tastes like it was frozen and store bought. Not going back. Milk shake wasn't bad aside from the rogue lemon seeds.. I feel like the owner should watch Kitchen Impossible a few times.. they have a great location, look and brand.  It has so much potential; please serve fresh food with flavor.
4	I've been to Pike's a few times, and I've really enjoyed it! My favorite thing on the menu is the roasted turkey with stuffing. It's like reliving Thanksgiving dinner all over again. The dinner comes with mashed potatoes, the vegetable of the day and a roll. At a price of about $11, that's not a bad deal. I've also stopped by just for an ice cream sundae, and that was delicious. The soda shop is very cute inside and is located in the trendy South End neighborhood. It's worth visiting if you're looking for some tasty American food and dessert.
4	I recently bellied up to Pike's Sunday brunch buffet. It was a beautiful day to sit on the patio and watch the world go by as I savored a hearty meal from the $13.95 buffet. One table features traditional breakfast items like grits, blueberry French toast, eggs benedict (not the best since English muffins get tough after sitting around for awhile), bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, fruit salad and fluffy biscuits to serve as a vessel in a sea of sausage gravy. The other table featured roast beef, sweet potato casserole, brocoli casserole, black eyed peas, and green beans. And if you save room for dessert, there are tiny morsels of freshly baked carrot cake, red velvet cake and key lime pie. Service is great and beverage glasses never got low. Plates were continously cleared away. I am a big fan and can't wait to go back.
4	Pike's is what Charlotte is all about. Delicious food, history and a prime location. This converted pharmacy overlooks the light rail in Southend. Sit outside and enjoy the view. There is plenty of street parking and a lot half a block away. Join them for Snday brunch. $13 is a steal for all you get. Magnificent desserts,  a carving station, traditional breakfast items (to die for hash brown casserole) and Southern favorite entree and side options. Plus soup, fruit and those amazing milkshakes. Ok the milkshake is not included in the brunch price but they are still superb and huge. I also noticed how well priced their cocktails were $4-6. Something worth thinking about for my next visit.
4	I stopped in for a quick sandwich and loved the atmosphere. The decor reminded me of the old drugstores. They even offer Saranac Shirley Temples in a bottle. I found the staff was warm and friendly, too.For my meal, I ordered the special: Corned Beef Reuben, with a side of fruit. I also ordered a cup of tomato bisque. I was served the bisque first and I enjoyed the thick consistency of the soup. The reuben came out hot and tasted good. While I enjoyed the thin amount of dressing, I would have liked a bit more beef. The fruit was decent, too. For dessert, I ordered the gooey pumpkin bread served warm with whipped cream. Delicious!I enjoyed my meal at Pike's and it's worth the few extra dollars to enjoy the old-fashioned antiques and atmosphere.
4	This place has been recommended by Poprock LOVE, Jeff S. and some people not on yelp and I had heard the Sunday Brunch was the time to show up for the After party!  On a Beautiful day you may notice plenty of people enjoying the Patio Dinning and we thought about it then went in so the snowman (me) did not melt!Our Sever was so nice she gets SIX yelp Stars*** *** !!! and a kiss... She brought my Girlfriend a Biscuit for her Headache (we were at a wild Halloween Party I can not review, it would be a dead giveaway)!  The Biscuit gets at least four yelp stars!We did NOT get with, nor go with the BuffetBlack Bean Burger... This was my first and it was good as in close to four starsHamburger, hmmmm, it was better than many, not as good as the Neighboring Big Ben, nor Liberty!  This Burger gets less than 4 stars only because for the price it does not get close to the competition!The sides were OK like not quite 3 stars - Still I'm very glad we checked this place out!
3	Came here for a work lunch. Good, old fashioned,home cooking. I have also been to brunch here. Overall the food is good, the atmosphere- I really like, and the service is good. Somewhere I recommend coming, although you aren't missing anything if you don't stop by...
5	I recently moved to Charlotte for law school and have been on a quest to find some great restaurants.  This by far has been one of the best. It's nostalgic; the food is awesome; and to top it off the staff is friendly and remembers you as soon as your head hits the door. I'm glad I came. I now decree myself a full fledged regular guest.
4	The food is ok.  My daughter and I ordered a steak and cheese sandwhich and my husband ordered a chili cheeseburger and onion rings.  Our food was decent but his burger wasn't tasty.   I wish they made their own ice cream.  I come here for the brownie sundae which is huge and delicious!  I haven't tried their other desserts yet but they look good.
4	Delicious. The food was great, but during the weekend, the service is slacking. There wasn't enough servers for the amount of people there. But for the food. It was amazing. I would suggest sharing the brownie sundae, IT WAS HUGE!!!!
5	Cheap Eats Alert! Great comfort food at a great price and a nice staff to boot. Favorites: Honey Pecan Chicken with Broccoli Casserole. Handspun shakes and a real soda fountain. Yum!Yum!
4	I'd never heard of Pike's, so I had no objections when my mom and I stopped by last week, killing time before dropping me at the airport. We'd already had lunch, so we got dessert. Now, the main brownie a la mode sounded to die for, with whole 3 scoops of lactose intolerance lighter fluid. But I was sensible: I asked for a brownie with one scoop of ice cream. No stomach aches for me, and it was one of the best brownie a la modes I have ever had. And so big! I mean, there's no way the two of us would have been able to finish the one on the menu, but we devoured what we had. I hope to be back soon to experience the delectability again!
4	Great brunch!  Phenomenal desserts!  A Charlotte staple not to be missed!
2	I just cant see myself coming here again.  Parking was tricky, and the wait for a table was long even at 2:00 pm.  Nice waitress, but long wait for food (for every table we saw).  The whole place just seemed unorganized.  My meatloaf sandwich was utterly forgettable, as were the fries.  My son's Mac n cheese was bland.  The star of the table was the Hawaiian chicken sandwich. It was delicious - by any standard.
4	Equal parts old-fashioned soda shop, restaurant, bar, and hangout. The location is absolutely crucial here. Located in one of the more walkable parts of South End, Pike's is a gem with a hefty menu complete with plenty of sweets and southern treats.Haven't been to Pike's in quite some time and this was my first go for lunch. Decided to dine al fresco and enjoyed every second of it. This time 'round, didn't go for anything on the sweet side of things, but rather went for the lunch menu solely. Started with the mozzarella sticks. Both myself and my dining counterpart were shocked that they weren't the "out of the bag" variety. These appeared to be hand breaded with a higher quality cheese than typically served. Marinara was standard, but the mozz sticks themselves were great. They also weren't covered with the typical panko, moon dust, crappy breading like usual.Went with the buffalo chicken sandwich for my entree. Holy craaaaaap. Ditch the bun, eat a few of the house-made chips, and enjoy the chicken. Not only is this sucker lightly breaded and flavored well with the buffalo sauce, it's straight up baptized in the sauce. Swimming, rather. I'm usually not for a pool of sauce, but this stuff was fantastic. It acted as a nice residual dipping sauce for the remaining chips. Service was friendly, outside was perfect for the present weather, prices are fair, walkability is always a plus. Find a parking space along Camden or near Atherton and you're good to go.
3	I tried this place with my husband and this is my conclusion.   I loved the location, dessert and the restaurant itself had a nice feel depending on where you were seated. We were in the back where it was somewhat lackluster, but not an issue. My food was good. I had the Thanksgiving plate which was good.  However, I specifically asked for the gravy on the side. Instead the dish came back bathed in gravy. My stuffing had onions and celery which made it a little crunchy, which is not my personal preference, but nevertheless it was still pretty good.  I would have liked a bit more cranberry sauce than the tiny cup that came with it. My husband enjoyed his honey pecan chicken dish.  The blueberry cobbler we shared was excellent!!  We were pleasantly surprised by it. Our bill, including tip, was almost $40.00 which was too pricey in my opinion for the amount of food we had. All in all if I am in the neighborhood and hungry I would likely eat here again. I definitely think it is worth trying.
3	Alright so I didn't really get the full effect of this place... I don't think. I just got a chocolate mint shake to go (I was at the outdoor movie in south end... Yea Man!). The shake was aight. Service was aight, considering I stood at the counter for at least a minute before someone acknowledged me. I mean, I couldn't get a, "Hi, be with you in one minute." Some people wouldn't care about the acknowledgement, but honestly it's the details, the little things like acknowledgment, and at least one check up that's factored in a good review.... I digress...Bottom line: Baskin Robbins is better. I'll give them another shot and check out the food.
5	Morgan rocks!  She waited on us one night and I told her I would put it in the review. :) So does that Honey pecan chicken. Yum. Pike's is a family staple. We come here at least twice a month to shoot the breeze. They have a soda jerk behind the counter, great ice cream, grilled cheese, fries, all those ol time favorites to go with the soda shop decor and a great staff that seems to never change. I love coming back and seeing the same smiling faces and getting that great service I have come to expect over the years. Thanks so much Pikes!
4	Pike's always seemed from the outside to be a place to grab a couple of shakes and talk about old pastimes. When we actually decided to sit down to give this place a try we were pleasantly surprised by the wide array of lunch and dinner food Pike's offered. My girlfriend and I were warmly greeted by the waiter, who had nothing but awesome recommendations for the desserts we were craving. After he recommended the blueberry cobbler because it was to die for we went ahead and ordered it.Not only was the service quick, but the cobbler was AMAZING! Our waiter was super awesome because he gave us a free scoop of ice cream with the dessert (automatic return just for the service). The ambiance of this place was just as old-fashioned as its name. We kept ourselves busy by exploring the glass cases full of old pharmaceutical products from the early 1900's along with old phones and signs. We will be updating the review once we eat a delicious meal here in the near future.
5	Came here for dessert with a group on Saturday night. The waiter that welcomed and seated us was super friendly and asked if we'd been before (we hadn't) so he gave us a little history and gave us great seats at the bar. I split a brownie sundae and still couldn't finish! Absolutely delicious ice cream and brownie and very good service. Cute area and atmosphere with some local history. The entrees looked really good too- next time...
4	I love this place. Friends of ours recommended this spot when they stumbled upon it during the DNC weekend. Sadly we waited until tonight to give it a try. Big mistake on our part...(for waiting so long to try it).We were entertaining out of town family and wanted to give them a taste of Charlotte. Ironically we were at the "taste of Charlotte" event earlier in the day. But I digress. We walk into Pikes for dinner and it really does have that old school soda shop/diner vibe. The menu has some great home style dishes and typical southern appetizers, along with plenty of options for milkshakes, malts and floats.I had the pecan fried chicken. It was atop the entrees listed on the menu. I love pecans. I love fried chicken. It was a great combination. It was delicious and a good sized portion. It came with mashed potatoes and broccoli casserole. I subbed in fries. I also had a fresh orangeade and for dessert a root beer flavored milkshake. I was very impressed and can't wait to go back. The service was good and the prices were very reasonable. They also have daily specials and brunch on Sundays, both of which were very intriguing. It's a fun and casual place and very reasonably priced. I look forward to my next visit and definitely recommend for folks to give it a try.
4	I am a fan of this place!! I had the best Chocolate shake EVER!!! Our waiter was funny and up beat. We also had the chicken quesadilla and it was great. If we go back to Charlotte we will be going back. Parking was a small issue that is the ONLY reason I didn't give them 5 stars.
3	We went here on a Sunday morning for brunch with some friends. Parking wasn't bad, we parked on the street. They weren't too busy and we were seated quickly. The interior was nice and homey, and the patio looked perfect was slightly less warm weathers.I looked at the menu and got excited to see quiche there. So I ordered that. My boyfriend had the pimento burger. One of our friends had the Mexican omelet and another did the brunch buffet.The quiche was okay. It wasn't bad, but I've had better quiche on multiple occasions. My boyfriend's burger was delicious. So much, that the piece that I tried, I saved a part of it to eat after I finished my quiche. The Mexican omelet looked good, but the brunch buffet seemed a little steep at $14 for the kind of stuff our friend had on her plate.No milk options for your coffee, only whole milk or half-n-half... bummer.
4	Skip the mac & cheese here unless you like bland kraft-style.  Super disappointing!  However, the blackened flounder tacos were tasty!
5	Great atmosphere and service. One of the best milkshakes in Charlotte.  I recommend Pike's any day of the week
4	I'm a fan based on two things:  The price for breakfast and the variety of baked goods offered!If I read the menu correctly, you have to get there before 10am to get the breakfast price of $8.95 versus the "brunch" price of $13.95.  The buffet was perfect and offered everything I could have wanted so I suggest sticking with the breakfast buffet.Buffets can go one way or the other.  Either they are disgusting (ie Golden Corrall) with a ton of plastic, boxed food or they are a display of heavenly goodness.  Fortunately for me, Pike's offered the latter!   We're talking fresh fruit salad, biscuits and gravy, grits, cheese/potatoe hash, muffins, scones and pastries, eggs, egg benedict, sausage, bacon, blueberry french toast, etc.  Everything was fresh, what needed to be crispy was crispy, what needed to be fluffy was fluffy, what needed to be moist was moist.  It was all very good and of course the best part is that it is limitless!The servers were friendly and by around 10:30 it was starting to get packed.  Obviously the south-end location is key and there really shouldn't be any other reason not to give them a try!I'll be back!
4	Pike place is decorated like an old fashion ice-cream shop with lost of memorabilia on the wall. (one wonders where does it all come from)If you going for ice-cream sundays this is a great spot 5 stars all the way. They have lots of options and if you want a pie or so that is really great too. I got a key lime pie when I first stopped in.The food is fine nothing I would remember but I am being told by the local it is standard good old fashion southern comfort food.That I give it 3 stars. I could be wrong and I will go back to try something else.All in all I would go back, the people are nice the food is decent and I like places I can walk to easily.This place is very dog friendly. They bring you dog a real water bowl.
5	The ambiance....food and the Black Cherry Milkshake makes this place an A+! We had the Hawaiian Burger (which is like vacation in your mouth) and the Pecan Chicken (the BEST!!).  We topped all this off with the Black Cherry Milkshake that was beyond DELICIOUS!! Great service and personable staff. Yeah we will be back!
3	I was looking for a different place to check out in South End and thanks to my trusty Yelp app, came across Pike's Old Fashioned Soda Shop.  I love vintage things and I love ice cream, so it seemed like a logical thing to come check this place out!This place gets more kudos for it's fun, light, family oriented atmosphere and its vintage look.  I love how it feels like you stepped into a different time when you walk in.  The servers were really friendly and cheerful and everyone around seemed to be having a good time.The food, unfortunately, is just OK.  Nothing special - your typical diner like food and even their milkshakes were tasty, but not anything I haven't already had before.I did enjoy myself there, however, so would come back again if I were in the neighborhood, but unfortunately, won't likely be one of my regular spots for grub.
4	I love Pikes. I've been here a few times and am really never disappointed. It reminds me of some of the diners I used to go to growing up in Baltimore. The milkshakes are awesome and so is the delicious desserts they have up front. The past few times I've went I had gotten the chicken salad sandwich and it tastes fresh and had just the right consistency. It's definitely comfort food, but it's worth the visit in Charlotte!
3	I actually went here twice this past weekend while my parents were in town. We first popped in for dinner and then again for the breakfast buffet. It's worth mentioning that there is actually a breakfast and a brunch buffet with varied times, a bit of a varied menu and a few dollars more for brunch.In order of how much I appreciated each, I would say the wait-staff deserves the gold, the atmosphere and decor the silver and the food gets the bronze. Now, the same way I wouldn't complain about a bronze medal I really can't complain about the food. However, I truly can't rave about it. So much so that I needed to knock two stars off.What Pike's has effectively proven to be for me is a close-by place to grab a good meal at a good price without much hassle. Nothing stands out and I'm never craving it but a good stand-by none-the-less.Disclaimer: This can very well be grounds for an updated review in the coming weeks but the most I've experienced in way of desserts here is a SIP of a milkshake. The cakes on display look great and a slice of one with a milkshake on the side could nudge me to add a 4th star.
3	Let me start off by saying that I'd been waiting to try this place for a while and I had very high expectations. And it all could have been what I ordered...but for me this place was just okay. I'm allergic to pecans so their signature dish of Honey Pecan Chicken was out....but since I just had to try their milkshakes I opted for a chocolate shake and the Panther Burger (Black and Blue) with fries. I substituted a turkey burger for their regular patty. The burger comes only topped with blue cheese but I added lettuce and onions. For me it was just too dry and I could have used a little more seasoning. But the milkshake was tasty, very thick thick and creamy and the fries were crispy and hot. But overall I'm saying A-Ok. I'm totally willing to give them another chance, order something different and have another milkshake. So stay tuned for the update!
3	Desserts are hit or miss, food is normal diner fare that's affordable, but the atmosphere is cool!  I'd bring a friend to impress with the throwback concept as you don't see these Old Fashioned soda shops anymore.I'd recommend the pumpkin dessert that is not on the regular menu and shows up in the seasonal homemade desserts menu.  The brownie in the sundae is more cake-y than fudge-y if you prefer that.  Of course, you can't mess up their shakes and floats, which is why I would come back if I wanted to show around a visitor.
4	Interesting placeWe came here on a recommendation of a friend.  It was a neat inside, that they have that old-fashion feel of a soda pop store.Place:  As mentioned it had a nice warm, cozy, soda-shop feel to the place.  Granted this was the same place that the Shallow Hal movie was featured in also. Service: Good.  the manager is nice and made sure that we are happy with the food and our experience.  Only small downfall was that someone forgot my husband's order, so he had to wait a while for his order.Price: It was not so bad. Price is reasonable with that they were offering.  What you have to try: Their shakes. Thankfully, we ordered one, and it was enough for two.
5	Fantastic food, service and overall a wonderful experience. I love how progressive south end is becoming! It's so simple to get too and right off the light rail.
5	Recently had a chance to visit Pike's in the design district of South Charlotte NC. The food was excellent, staff very courteous and the menu had lots of things to choose from. The green bean casserole was great and my son had their famous grilled cheese. We had heard many good things about the eatery; yet, had never had a chance to stop by. Great for a mid day lunch or early dinner.
5	Love the atmosphere!  It has an old-timey soda shop feel to it, and every time I go I find myself singing along with at least a few of the songs they play.  Very family/kid friendly, which I like.The service is quick and friendly.  The servers were very nice in a genuine, cheerful sort of way.Pike's seems to be known for a lot of things, but I usually stick to a burger.  The burgers are great, but the best part is the toppings.  The grilled onions are especially delicious, and the applewood bacon really tastes like the good stuff.  Not sure exactly what they use, but the mayo is really good, too, rich and creamy.The pricing is very good considering both the food and the service.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the place to anyone.
4	Maybe it's a Southern thing but the attentiveness of the service bordered on surreal. 60 percent of the time, I'll take that everytime.  I had a solid Chicken Salad sandwich, my wife had a Turkey Burger she enjoyed, and our 3 kids all had kids meals they liked, although they are not picky eaters.  The Vanilla Bean milkshakes push this spot to 4 stars.  And what's not to like about the old timey diner vibe?
5	Ok this place is perfect. From the old-styled soda shop feel all the way down to the malts & shakes, there is no place in Charlotte that matches their homestyle cooking.It's great for the family or even for a date night with their fairly reasonable prices. I highly recommend their most famous dish - "Honey Pecan Fried Chicken" and for dessert an old fashioned butter pecan milkshake.Will definitely be going again.
4	Just had Sunday brunch here with my young family. Great soda shop atmosphere. Excellent cheesy potatoes and broccoli casserole. Frankly, everything we tried was delicious. Kids got ice cream with their meals and I topped mine off with a perfectly tart key lime pie. Trinette was our waitress and her service was outstanding and exemplified southern charm.  This has been on my Ohio-headed-south hit list for a few years and I'm so glad we stopped. Very reasonably priced.  A little windy today or we would've sat on the patio and watched the trains go by.  Will come back.
1	The host had an attitude and the bathrooms and dining area stunk. The vegetable plate and service from our waitress was very good but that was overshadowed by the hosts attitude and the smell of sewage in the bathrooms. They had a bucket under the sink to catch a leak. This place needs a facelift and energy infusion. Only 3 tables were sitting for dinner last week and this was at 6pm and not a Monday.
1	Just left this place and will NOT be returning!!!!! My boyfriend and I in all seriousness stood at the bar for 10 minutes before someone decided to acknowledge us. The lack of customer service the girl behind the bar offered was atrocious. She had zero personality and hated her life it seemed. As far as the ice cream we finally ordered to go, the vanilla malt was great, but the caramel sundae is horrid. VERY artificial tasting and the cup was literally less than half full with far too much "fake caramel.." Not to mention is was $5.99 for something I very well could have ordered at Mcdonalds for $1.00. We will never go back here. Shoddy customer service to say the least and less than quality ice cream. Ugh...
5	Love this place.  I have been twice recently.  They have an outdoor patio and on a beautiful day, it is just fabulous sitting outside.  They have old fashioned food like meat loaf and turkey dinner to quiche and Sandwiches.  I have never had an I cream soda there but they look just like the ones I had as a child at an old time drug store counter. The BBQ sandwich was the special the last two times I was there and I got it both times.  Excellent BBQ. My husband had the meatloaf both times and really liked it.  My sister got chicken quiche and she said it was the best quiche she ever had.  I love the fact that they have the very fine crushed ice and great ice tea. I heard from a friend that they have great Sunday Brunch.  Looking forward to trying soon.  Good service.
1	Just came here for a Mother's Day brunch.  We called the day before and made reservations for 11:00 knowing that it was going to busy.  We arrived about 5mins early and were told that the the table was just going to be cleaned up and we would be seated.  We proceeded to wait for half an hour.  We saw people get seated that had just put their names on the list while we waited, and these were parties of the same size as us (7).  Once we were finally seated we all decided to get the buffet which was kind of the special.  Once up at the buffet it got worse.  It seemed like they had been way overwhelmed. There were things on the buffet that were missing  like the prime rib, there was just a pile of the fat scraps and no one there cutting anything.  There were things that were cold and picked over as well.  Also none of the plates or cups matched, which is not really a big deal but just added to the unprofessional appearance.  I used to like going to this place when I lived here and thought it would be a good spot to take my mom.  It turned out horrible and I will never be returning here, nor recommending it to anyone.
1	My family of 3 and I arrived today at Pike's for Sunday Brunch.  Upon arrival the 3 hosts informed us without a smile, eye contact, or any grace at all that the wait would be 15 minutes.  Another family arrived right after us and asked to be seated on the patio which was empty. While we waited beyond 30 minutes, 20 more people arrived all if whom were asked also to wait.  When it began to sprinkle outside I decided to look inside the restaurant. I was dismayed to see 6 open and cleared tables awaiting paying customers.  The wait staff were not working with any urgency at all and the 3 hostesses were certainly not at all interested in service.  My family and I left shortly after another family. Strictly from a business perspective why would Pike's pay 3 hosts to treat customers so poorly?  Alienating customers can easily be achieved by paying 1 host.  When I called and asked to speak to management I was told they were too busy to speak to me.  Pike's food does not warrant enduring such treatment. Pike's is not distinctively better than other choices in Charlotte. There is no reason to return and my family and I will not.
5	Pike's is a charming, retro styled diner in Southend.  The only daunting thing about this establishment is the parking.  If you can parallel park on the street, you are good to go.My man and I ordered the vegetable plate.  You could chose 4 vegetables, or three and a salad.  We chose the salad with blue cheese dressing.  A very generous portion arrived, with fresh, crisp vegetables.  The dressing was a bit thin, and I would have enjoyed chunks of blue cheese.My veggie plate featured the mashed potatoes, fried okra, and broccoli casserole.  Oh my goodness!  Such incredible flavors that caused me to eat it all although I probably  should have stopped.  My husband ordered the same, except he substituted Mac and cheese for the potatoes.Our server was the sweetest thing and embodied real, genuine soda shop service.So, daunting parking aside, I am coming back.
4	Good diner-type food. Friendly service. Really good milkshakes. Nice family atmosphere. Cute decor. I would definitely recommend this, especially as a casual dinner spot for families.
4	A great place for lunch or dinner with a diner setting. The staff is exceptional, April was the first to greet me when I moved from TX to NC and she made me feel great about being in Charlotte. Then food is always prepared fresh, served hot and they offer a variety of diner style cuisine. I would give them 5 stars, but they don't have a full service bar which makes them not a top ranking place for me when it comes to relaxing after work with a cocktail.
2	Pike's was on my list of top 3 locations to eat at on my trip.  I heard it was used in filming Shallow Hal and I was excited at the old fashioned soda shop atmosphere.  I was let down in all aspects.The place looked like any normal restaurant and our waitress was annoying.  The food was average at best.  The coolest part was how the kids meals came out on school lunch trays. I was really disappointed by the Carolina Burger I got.  It wasn't even in the top 5 burgers I had on my trip.  I left with a sour taste in my mouth and this time it wasn't from the food.  I give Pike's 2 Doubledays for crushing my dreams.
3	Service is friendly here but the food was just average. Honestly I was expecting more from the menu, the "chicken fantastic" was just "chicken blah blah". By this I mean it was nothing special, tasted like something I would whip up at home if I was in a hurry. Milkshakes are the best, this is what they are known for.
5	Most everything about Pike's was phenomenal.  The food was absolutely delicious as was the homemade soda and ice cream.  The service was exceptional and some of the friendliest that I've seen.  As far as seating and atmosphere goes, it was great.  We sat with everyone and could read about the history of the restaurant (which is always fun for me).  If you go you'll learn right away about Pike's being used in the film Shallow Hal.  Pike's is in a beautiful part of Charlotte with easy access.  The only downer is the price.  Just a bit pricey but not too bad.My rating breakdown is as follows:Food-5/5Price-4/5Service-5/5Seating/Atmosphere-5/5Great job Pike's!  One of my favorites in the Charlotte area.
5	If you are looking for home cooked food in a laid back atmosphere, Pike's is where it's at! Don't let the name fool you, they have a much wider variety on their menu than any other soda shop I've ever been!I'm addicted to one of the house favorites: Honey Pecan Fried Chicken with two sides of your choice. I get broccoli and cheese casserole and fried okra! (I would have a picture if I hadn't inhaled it so quickly. I remembered I was supposed to be Yelping as I ate my last bite of broccoli and cheese cass, oops). My pops had the fried flounder special and get this.......it was bottomless!!! Bomb.com!Oh and if you're into the whole veggie plate thing, my mom got one of those and loved it. Me, I'm a meat eater!You're welcome.
5	I always love coming here. Service is always good and the food is always on point. The honey pecan chicken is to die for. And the baked good and of course, bottled Cheerwine.
5	Had a little day date with my boyfriend. I got The Quiche of The Day (spinach, mushroom & Chicken) which was AMAZING!!! Came with a side salad. My boyfriend had the Honey Pecan Chicken with broccoli casserole and mash potatoes. Everything was wonderful. Looking forward to going back here soon
3	Easy access to some down-home cooking in the South End.  This is Southern cooking and Southern hospitality as it's meant to be seen.The menu is filled with enough to please any palette in the group.  The service is warm and inviting and the parking is...well...I you find close parking...but the walk shouldn't be too bad if you don't.Pike's is nice.  It's a good place to grab some lunch.
5	Absolutely incredible! Great food, the best shakes in the world (seriously). A must try.
5	Great food & great service! The honey pecan chicken is to die for! The sides are delish. All around great food at reasonable pricing!
5	Awesome atmosphere and great desserts. We enjoyed a brownie sundae a chocolate milkshake a frappacino milkshake and they were all great. Especially the frappacino milkshake. Good location too.
2	Meh. While the soda shoppe theme is super cute, the food just fails to deliver. I ordered the pecan fried chicken which was cooked perfectly but WAY too sweet. The sweet potato casserole was too sweet. The limeade was too sweet. The mac & cheese was bland and the burger was boring (luckily both were not sweet...ewww). Service was fine, a little on the slow side but nice. Perhaps the desserts are where its at, but I will be skipping the food from now on.
5	Popped into Pike's before the Thursday Night Saints Panthers game bc it was far enough away from the stadium to not be crowded. What I found was a great atmosphere and reasonably priced top notch food. My chicken breast was delicious and my dads said the chicken pot pie special was the best he's ever eaten. Will be a regular stop for me from now on.
3	Typical diner fare.  This was the first time at Pikes for dinner.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos and paid an extra dollar to swap out slaw for sweet potato casserole.  The fish tacos were not very blackened and a small portion.  The flour tortilla was not warm and was eventually soggy.  My friend had the meatloaf sandwich and she said it was very good.  We passed on dessert which is sad since their chocolate cake is to die for.  I will go back but not for the fish tacos.
3	Stopped in today for a milkshake on a recommendation of a co-worker.  I opted for the peanut butter milkshake.. since I really like peanut butter and had a hankering for it, but besides that.. It is National Peanut Butter Month, so great choice any way that I looked at it.  The milk shake was good, just wished there was more of it for the price (it came to $5.28 with tax).  I sat at the soda counter which was cool and my server was Kyle who was nice enough.  I signed up for their rewards program, got points for my milkshake purchase and also earned a first-timer award good for a free dessert or appetizer on my next visit!! SCORE!!On my next trip, hopefully I'll have more time to enjoy some of their food and of course enjoy my free app or dessert!
4	Talk about great service and a very cool atmosphere... Pike's has it.  I felt like I was jumping back in time and having lunch at the type of place my grandfather would bring me.The menu had more to offer than I was expecting so don't worry about a limited selection.  The food was fresh and as mentioned before delivered with great service.I would stop by again when in the area to try some of the "treats" I wasn't able to get to.
3	Cute little place with some on street parking. Food was not amazing. I went with the grilled cheese because I think a place like this should have delicious standards and it's advertised as "the best in Charlotte".  Dry and Luke warm, at least the cheese was somewhat melted but sheesh, I make better grilled cheese at home.  Fries were typical frozen bag type. The table ketchup had about 2 tablespoons left in it. As a past service person, that makes me crazy.
