4	Lots of memories from this place for me.  Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80's-90's and growing up in Pittsburgh.I am slightly disappointed that they moved to a new location in Bellevue.  Their old one, while a bit dirty and run down, had quite the charm to it.  The new place looks too clean cut and it seems like they're trying to be something they're not, which is just a good old fashioned pizza joint.
4	Excellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can. But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly
4	A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls!
4	Service was very good..calzone was excellent.
4	Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.  When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.  The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.  The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.  Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
4	Best all-meat pizza in the area.  Always done delivery, never eaten in the restaurant, so I can't speak to the dining experience.
4	I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff). The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place. The food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way. Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
2	I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza.  My fiance, a friend and I were trying pizza from three different places and Luigi's was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi's many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever I was looking for a pizza place I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area.  Whenever I called to place my order I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever I walked into the restaurant.  You see there was a large dining room on the left that was full of people and I didn't immediately see the are where I would get my pizza from.  Finally after a few steps into the restaurant I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where I needed to be and I made my way back there.  My pizza was ready for me and I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me "Stay out of trouble".  I really hope that was a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else.  The pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since I could see a ton of green herbs in it.  The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which I did not enjoy.  Out of the three different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.The bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby.
5	Luigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :)
3	Recently I've found myself patronizing Bellevue a little more, namely because I've bought a house in the area, and have been checking out some of the mom and pops along the little strip of Mayberry RFD that is the quaint main street. Luigi's is one of those little mom and pops that offers standard basic Italian in a comfortable setting. It's a little kitchy, red-white-and-green, with Dino and Frankie tunes playing in the background.I've stopped in on several occasions now for dinner, with various friends, and the food has been consistent...it's good...satisfying. Not over-the-top gourmet, or even in the remotest sense 'pretentious'. It's just a good ol' night out for some pasta or lasagna, with a side salad, garlic bread and conversation with your pals.The portions are ample, the prices are reasonable, the flavors won't knock your socks off and make you think you've died and gone to Sicily, but they won't make you cringe at having given your money to a profiteering Chef Boyardee either. The service is decent, kind of point blank, not rude, nor over the top friendly. The crowd can fluctuate between 'Oh my god, I'm surrounded by Hillbillies' to 'the local gathering at Mayberry', but that seems to be the norm for most places in da burgh.I've not had the pizza, which apparently get raves, because frankly I only think of pizza as coming in a box to my front door when I'm too lazy to do any cooking at home. But I've had three or four of the pasta dishes, and they come in a generous portion, with a side salad and an order of garlic toast. They taste fine, fill you up, and don't break your bank.And for a local neighborhood joint, that's exactly what I'd hope for. A place you can go to find a dependable and reasonable meal, on a semi-regular basis, in a comfortable setting, with no frills or pretense. And that is exactly what Luigi's is.
5	Luigis is the best of the best. Awesome, authentic pepperoni. I have eaten here for years. This place is a tradition in my family and it's still as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh.
4	Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good. I also would Recommend the specialty salad. I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within a 1/2 an hour.
5	My wife and I LOVE this place. Decently affordable, our server is always great and very friendly, the food is delicious and it's a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here, we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free! Highly recommend.
5	This place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.
