3	Ahhhh, yes. Every woman just loves the Crotch Doctor. I am no exception. There's nothing like spreading eagle in front of somebody you just met, who may or may not know what "gentle fingers" really means. (Uhm, yeah right.)Alas, the search for a great M.D. or OBGYN is one of those exasperating yet essential quests in every woman's life. So, imagine my disdain when - newly located to Phx - I had to strike out to find a female MD I didn't want to strangle. Luckily, luck was on my side. After searching for who was covered by my insurance (on their handy-dandy Web site), I found this place - Central Phoenix Women's Health Care Center - and was introduced to Dr. Susan Morton-Pradhan. I had no idea what to expect. It's like calling a salon and hearing the name of somebody you never met, who could royally f*ck up your hair. But, there's only one way to find out...The Center itself is located in a 3-store office-type building on the South side of Osborn, just shy of Central. You are welcomed by grey walls, stale carpeting, a dingy elevator you fear is going to malfunction at any given moment. Yikes. The Center staff is terse, unwelcoming and standoffish. They seem a tad disorganized, having thought my appointment was for something else and demanded I pee in a cup, just after I had rushed to "empty the pipeline." So, I had to drink 17.5 of their half-sized cups of water-cooler water, trying to entice an encore. That's when they ushered me back through the waiting area and said, "Oh, we don't need a sample... But you can give us one if you want." D'oh! Oh, whatever; they do their job. You fill out paper. You sign-in. You wait. You get weighed. You know, the usual. I can deal with shitty staff, so long as my Doctor is the Patron Saint of Gyno.Now that Dr. Susan Morton-Pradhan has gone to another place, I can review this Center for what it is: A place for women to go when they need their annual screenings, as well as when there happens to be a bun in the oven. (Oops, how did that happen?) Lucky for me, I have no reason to go back, considering my Doctor relocated and, by god!, I'm following her. She's the best Crotch Doctor I've ever had!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this office!  During my high-risk pregnancy I spent a lot of time at this office and in the hospital.  Both Dr. Hahn and Dr. Spieker were fantastic, very knowledgable and easy to talk to.  I trust them completly as they did everything to ensure both myself and my baby were well taken care of.   I have since seen Dr. Cyr for a quick appointment whom is very sweet.
5	I've never written an on-line review of any doctor or product ever but after reading the review written by Alicia B. I felt compelled. Dr. Spieker has been my obgyn for 17 years. She delivered both of my girls.  The staff is wonderful, Debbie has been with the office for at least the entire 17 years that I've been a patient  and she even recognizes my voice right away when I call. Alicia- given how crass sounding your review was (i.e. "crotch doctor"), you may just be the kind of person who is unhappy all of the time about everything. I have referred many women to this office and they all love everything about the doctors and staff. A doctor's office is a busy place and emergencies and other health issues that must be triaged occur every once in a while. Sure, I  had to wait longer than expected ONE TIME (in 17 years), and yes, I've had to wait a few minutes when the staff has been busy addressing an emergency, but to be honest, I like knowing that if that were my emergency that I'd be the priority and the staff would be just as focused on my issue.  That's the way it should be. It's a medical office not a fast food restaurant. Bottom line- This is the best doctor's office I have ever been to in my life.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place two stars instead of one star is because I really had a good appointment with Whitney Padgett, the nurse practitioner. She was kind, down-to-earth, smart and a good listener. However, in the end it was the doctor and one of the front office staff members who are the reasons why I won't return to this practice. As a 30-year-old married woman who moved to Scottsdale from CA, I was hoping to establish a relationship with an OBGYN here in the Valley so that I already have a trusting relationship with a doctor when my husband and I decide to have a baby. I was a happy patient of my last doctor for 12 years.  I scheduled my first appointment at this practice as a new patient and was seen by Whitney Padgett. It has always been my understanding that standards of care require doctors to actually see a patient if it is his or her first time going to a specialist. I was a bit shocked that I was seen only by Whitney and never a doctor at all, even though I was new to the practice. This aside, I returned for a second appointment and this time I saw Dr. Carol Hahn. I came to my appointment with Dr. Hahn for a problem and not the usual annual appointment, so naturally I was a bit worried. From the moment she walked in, Dr. Hahn was curt and condescending. She spoke to me as if I were below her. (I'm a professional working women who is married to a doctor) She typed notes on her keyboard with little eye contact. And, at one point corrected me as I was speaking about my health and at another point she made an unprofessional joke while performing my exam. However, the real shock to me came when she tilted her head down and asked me in a tone as if I was a teenage girl, "Are you sexually active?" I know this is a standard question, but my chart indicates that I am a married woman and that I take oral birth control for pregnancy prevention. Do you think she could have read my chart?? Or perhaps glanced at the clinical notes from my first visit to the practice? As I left this appointment, I was paying my co-pay and getting ready to head to work, I was told that I could not leave without paying the bill from my previous appointment. I explained that I had just received the bill two days prior for my previous appointment and had it at work with a stamp in my outgoing mail. I was told that I could not leave the building without paying that bill in person right then and there. When I explained that I'm still within the due date and that I have it ready to go in the mail, the lady told me that I would need to wait for a manager to approve it before I could leave. I told her that I needed to get to work and that I did not have the time to discuss this. I put the charge on my credit card to appease them and finally walked out the door. I can tell you that I will never return to this practice again. From the level of care I received to the treatment and finally the billing practices, this place was an unpleasant experience.
1	i have never been treated so poorly in my life. i will never go back to this office ! they are unbelievably rude and have the absolute worst bedside manner i have ever experienced from start to finish.  even though they had me in their system they could not find my "chart" so they decided to charge me new patient prices...even though i was clearly a patient previously. i had spent lots of time on the phone with the finance lady (like a car dealer, odd) telling her exactly what i was coming in for so financially i knew what to expect.... because last time i recieved and $800 bill, yup thats right....$800!!!!! seemed a little excessive for a pap and routine labs...they sure like taking advantage of the cash pay people which is sad especially since i'm sure they do their fair share of ripping off insurance companies. anyway, i was told to come in early for appointment, i wound up waiting over an hour in the waiting room, no one would acknowledge me so i finally asked when they could see me. they soooo so rudely brought me in back to the room. i saw the super rude grumpy nurse practitioner who treated me like i was an airhead. and instead of addressing my issues i was there for she went right into wanting to do bloodwork, cholesterol screening, mammogram, and told me i probably have a pituitary tumor!!!!!! WTF!!! who does that?? she hadnt even done a routine exam at that point. and then told me i didnt know what i was talking about. such a rude rude rude woman. they more interested in doing more labs to make money than anything. so after my horrible experience with that hag i had to deal with the car dealer finance lady who decided to then charge me new patient prices which is more than existing and more than what was agreed upon on the phone. they new and admitted they told me one thing and then made me pay another . they really are rotten people and i hate when people get into any kind of health care knowing people are ailing but they dont have the temperment to deal with it long term so they walk around like a bunch of grumpy sourpusses in the office and make patients coming in with issues feel like we're a burden! isn't that what they signed up for??? try to be a little kinder rude ladies, its probably because they're all hitting menopause in there right now
5	First of all, THE LOCATION HAS CHANGED. I followed Yelp's directions because I'm a tool and didn't look up the actual address online... yup, they're no longer at 333 E. Osborn. They're at 1313 E. Osborn. So... yeah.That aside, o-m-g. For a doctor of this sort, Dr. Cyr is AMAZING. I have been to many women gynos (sorry, no dudes up in my lady-business) and I've had good ones and I've had atrocious ones.My atrocious experiences have all been in Phoenix, so I had been without an ob-gyn for several months until a co-worker recommended Dr. Cyr. Lucky for me, I struck GOLD! Dr. Cyr, you're not allowed to retire. Sorry. (Don't worry, she's young; she won't retire anytime soon).Cut to the chase. Reasons why Dr. Cyr is amazing:1) She doesn't make me feel like a creepy weirdo for not being married nor wanting kids anytime soon. SERIOUSLY, I got grief from ob-gyns for 'not being ready for a family yet.' Um, guys, I can't even feed myself on a regular basis, and you want me to have a kid? Major fail. Dr. Cyr DOES NOT DO THIS. She didn't even bring up me wanting kids now or in the future. Thanks, Dr. Cyr!2) I didn't wait a million hours to see her! At my last gyno doctor (who shall remain nameless), I waited 2 hours for my appt. Wtf?? Here, I waited no more than 20 minutes, and that was because I was filling out paperwork. YAY!3) Dr. Cyr answered my questions professionally and fully. She didn't shirk around my more... awkward... questions, and she explained the options to me in plain English. She reassured me on some things that I was worried about, and she even made me laugh in the process. I NEVER laugh at the doctors! This is amazing!!On a less quantifiable basis, I felt Dr. Cyr just 'got' me. It's hard to explain, but I felt comfortable talking to her and felt I could bring any issue up and she wouldn't judge me for it. Shoot, I think I want to have a baby with Dr. Cyr now. Wait.. that's not quite what I meant... anyway, go see Dr. Cyr if you have lady-parts! You won't regret it!
1	I saw Whitney Padgett, one of the nurse practitioners. She was okay, but she seemed like she was in a bit of a hurry. In the past my Gyn has always talked to me about calcium, exercise, vitiamins, etc. Whitney did the bare minimum for my history and exam.  I was seen for a preventative exam and also had a small issue at the time. When I was billed it was for a comprehensive preventative exam as well as a level 4 visit. I didn't think one little test and prescription constituted a high-level office visit. When I called to get clarification, the office manager told me that their well woman appointment was just the two female areas- (without getting graphic). I'm sorry, but I am more than just two parts! They shouldn't be allowed to call themselves "Women's Health Care" with that attitude.
5	I feel like this place doesn't have as good of reviews as it should so I figured I would add in my two cents. I love Central Phx Women's Health. More specifically, I love Dr. Cyr. She makes me feel super comfortable regardless of my questions or reasons for being there, and I never hesitate to call or make an appointment like I've done in the past with lady-part doctors who I didn't like. So, it's great for my health even! I've been going here for more than 6 years now and I recommend it to everyone. Although, to be honest, I hope not everybody takes my advice because I don't want my fav doc getting too busy!
5	I haven't had any problems with the office staff or the docs. They've all been quite prompt which is hard for a lot of docs to accomplish. I see Dr.Spieker and have seen a NP Kim a few times and they've been fine. I go for pregnancy care. I've always thought the office looked nice. They are often pretty terrible at keeping the bathroom stocked with urine cups, those cleaning wipes, and TP... Annoying for a place that makes you give them a urine sample every time!I have friends who have seen the other 2 docs and they liked them and recommended all 3. (They're all women docs.)Yes it is on ~12th St & Osborn; I'm not sure if the map on yelp is for another location or an old location but be careful! The building is not well-marked from the Osborn side so go a bit early the 1st time.
1	My sister was treated so rude. I called the front desk in a very professional manner to address the issue and see what was going on and how to resolve it.  Instead of her treating me like a human being she decided to be VERY rude and unprofessional with me as well. Every question I would ask she would say she's not gonna argue to me. I didn't think we were arguing. She was so rude that I had to ask if I could speak to someone else who could speak with me professionally (I thought this was automatic at a business. Why did I have to ask?) There was NO MANAGER available until Monday so I guess until then they can treat people however they want. I've never been to the office but the way I was treated only over the phone is a good enough reason for me to never step foot in this office. If you want to be treated disrespectfully and not like a  human being then go there. Otherwise go somewhere else. I still can't believe there was no manager to speak with. I would give zero stars if given the option.
4	Whitney is by far the best I have every had as far as doctors go. She answered all my questions and made what is usually an awkward visit seem comfortable and quick. The office staff are very nice. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an obgyn .
5	Love the office.  Dr. Spieker is a lovely person and very knowledgeable. I use to be an employee there, but loved the care that the doctors gave so much, continued coming as a patient after I left employment.I wouldn't trust anyone else in Pho with my gyn needs
