4	Sooo...apparently Quips has been here for almost 5 months and I just got around to giving it a try!Hubs and I rolled up here for a late Friday afternoon lunch and were pleasantly surprised! Quips has taken place of a prior Quiznos and offers an array of breakfast and lunch sandwiches made fresh on site. The salads (chicken salad) is made fresh daily and the meats are carved - big fan of that over here! The staff was super nice and offered to let hubs and I try any of the meats or salads before we made our decision. Sweet! Also, a few of the sandwiches can be purchased halves and there is a variety of side items, cookies, drinks, etc. I went with The Rambler: Honey Baked Turkey Club Sandwich with Bacon, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato on a Pretzel roll. The sammie was delicious, the turkey super fresh and the pretzel roll was seriously good. While the portion was plenty for me, the meal itself was a bit on the pricey side for what I received. For $7.50 ish I received a sandwich and a drink....no additional side. As Quips, they offer the sandwich plus one side (which can be a drink, chips, cookie, etc)...I was just hoping for a little more value if you know what I mean!Regardless of the price, though, Quips slings out some delicious sandwiches and I know I'll be back to try more. They also have free WiFi, are open for breakfast and offer a $1.50 kids menu!
4	Very good sandwiches, I have tried the turkey on pretzel bread and the roast beef on cibatta.  Good location, easy to get to off of Park  Ave.  There is a free parking deck out back and metered parking on South Blvd.  Outdoor seating is in the shade and the place was very clean and friendly.  Free WiFi is always a plus. Only 4 stars because it is a little pricey; sandwiches are between $7 & $8 and come with either a drink OR chips (other sides available), so expect to pay $10.  Right now there are specials here on Yelp and also at Restaurant.com.  If I could have given 4 1/2 I would have. I would like to try breakfast but they don't open till 8am and i'm already at work.  Not many people in there when I went and I would like to see the place take off because I really liked it; the sandwiches are that good.
3	Nice little sandwich shop on South Blvd. Staff was very friendly and offered assistance and explanation of the menu. Went with the pretzel roll sandwich (Rambler) and it was good. For $7.50 you get one side item. Usually you get a 2nd, so the price is a little on the high side. That said, it's all freshly made and the cut all the meat themselves behind the counter. They frequently have specials or discounts so make sure you ask. All and all a nice addition to the place that formerly housed Quiznos.
3	On our way to a stroll around Freedom Park, we realized that we were hungry for lunch.  Armed with a plethora of restaurant.com gift certificates, Quips was a convenient choice.The first thing you notice is that the place is basically an upscale sandwich shop. (think Subway, Quizno's, et al).  The guy behind the counter was fabulous.  He told us about the menu, and we decided on the roast beef (#1 Clever) and turkey (#2 Witty).Both were served on ciabatta bread, and both were pretty good.  I guess if I had an issue, it would be in the pricing.  In a world of $5 foot-longs, I'm just not sure if I liked the fare 50-60% more.
