5	I rolled up to the ticket window (I'll assume that's what they are referring to when they say "Thomas and Mack Center Ticket Information") with my ginger monkeys in tow to buy tickets for the Sesame Street Live show from May 6-7th. They were running around crazy, which was fine considering there was a lot of space for them to roam without going into the street (huge plus for parents). Sandra helped me out BIG time. I asked for the best seats that were available and she totally hooked me and the monkeys up. Thanks to her..we are going to be able to see Elmo's nose hair (we are sitting front row center). She also informed me that with the front row seats comes a voucher for the kids to get a picture with the cast of characters. I was almost in tears. Sandra totally made me and my monkeys year. Next time I have to get tickets for an UNLV event...I'm going to seek out Sandra. Thanks a lot girl!
1	I was in Las Vegas over the past weekend to attend the Mountain West Conference tournament.  I had tickets for t he Thursday game and at the conclusion of that session, I went to the ticket office to purchase tickets for the Saturday championship games.  I was told it was nearing closing time and that if I didn't get them right then, I would have to do it on Saturday.  I obliged and being a San Diego State fan, I was hoping to be close to Section 230.  I was given the tickets in the requested area, albeit in Row T, but at least I was where I wanted to be.  Come gameday, me and 2 of my friends went to get into the arena, but were stopped because the tickets we had were for Friday!  I could not believe that I was issued tickets for the wrong session.  On top of that, one of my friends was able to get into the arena with these same tickets.  I guess it wasn't scanned or something.  I was then directed to go back to the ticket office to get new tickets.  After explaining what had happened, the supervisor took about 15 minutes to get us the seats.  Unfortunately for us, these new seats were in the other side of the arena in the heart of the New Mexico fans.  Finally getting to the seats halfway through the first half, we were able to settle in and watch the game.  Granted, I should have checked before I left the ticket window, but its hard to imagine that this type of mistake can happen because someone wanted to close her window and go home.  Worst part about it is that there isn't another alternative to getting tickets for this event except through the ticket office.
4	We go to basketball games here, NBA exhibition and Olympic practices. I'd give it five stars but the parking makes it hard to get out unless you park near the exit which makes for a long walk to the stadium.  Great hotdogs and friendly staff. ;)
