4	I am in Las Vegas. As a friend of mine puts it, it's a "towering monument to the American dream in all its gaudy crass tasteless glory". It means buffets, unbelievably big-name restaurants, hours upon hours of shopping for pretty clothes to wear that night, people with egos to match the casinos, all amounting to an insane amount of money-wasting. And that is where people find the fun. It is August. I don't even want to know what the exact outside temperature is. I've spent miserable days in Vegas before, and these days are just as fun. I need something, something that is reminiscent of my home, my comforts, my teddy bear. And then we spot it: "Ramen Restaurant". A plain sign in a plain strip mall behind all the casinos, but once we enter the parking lot I find that it has quite a big presence in the plaza. The windows and the glass door is completely covered up from the inside, but a flashing neon "open" sign invites you to come in. Is this Vegas? Or not? Inside is a pretty large space, the walls were plentifully decorated with signs with nothing but Japanese written on them, which is a positive note for me. An open kitchen to the left, cashier directly in front of you where the waitstaff can watch the door, seating area to the right. The menu has many typical Japanese snack food, including croquettes, kara-age, and others, rice and curry dishes, mapo dofu (Japanese style, of course), and a nice ramen list that is simple and yet enough for everyone to find something to their tastes. I got the chashu ramen, my significant other got the mapo ramen. The broth was nice and clear, even for the mapo ramen, which is a good sign. It was served at the right temperature, came steaming to the table, and remained plenty warm to the last drop. The noodles could have been a bit softer, but I am also used to Korean ramen which has much softer noodles, and just as Japanese tend to like drier rice than Koreans, I know Japanese like firmer noodles. But perhaps they could have been cooked just a bit more, I found some noodles sticking to each other in the beginning which was not a good thing. They loosened up by the time I was about 2/3 done with the bowl.For Koreans, and other people who like stronger flavors, the mapo ramen is definitely more suited to their tastes. Very strong presence of sesame seed oil and pork, bits of ground pork floating in the soup that get caught amidst your noodles, making every slurp a bit more interesting. The chashu ramen was much more subtle, hearty and yet mild, however the pork slices were unfortunately overcooked, hence a bit dry.But in the end, I ate and drank it all, and was so grateful for the fact that such a place was present in a desert hell that is Vegas. And the last sign that I was satisfied was that I was immediately overcome by the sleepiness that can only be produced with a good bowl of ramen, and I was quite content.I would go back just for the mapo ramen, and perhaps try the others afterwards. If I ever find myself stranded in the Vegas horrors yet again, this will be the place I would turn to in order to keep my sanity, and yes, find my teddy bear.And did I mention you can smoke with your ramen? As a Californian, this is mindboggling.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, I try to come to this place.  If you think college ramen noodles, you are mistaken.  Here, Ramen is a meal in itself.  I usually get an order of Gyoza to go with it.  When speaking about Japanese food, most people think sushi or hibachi.  Not here.  Here you'll find fares that are served in regular restaurants, Ramen, Donburi, food that is cooked or fried, or grilled.  It's off the beaten path, not on the strip, but that's ok.  It's also funny to watch the errant non-japanese hunt for a menu that is written in English.
4	I am so happy when I found this place in Las Vegas! I always go there to visit my mom,  and you know... you can only go to buffet places that many times... (*shiver*  at the thought of all those food and the people gorging themselves ...... ) Anywhoo, finally search for Japanese Ramen restaurant and (yay! ^^v) found one!  They also serve spicy ramen (warning! it IS spicy! Different style from Suzu though). Portion is huge! So, if you don't want to waste food, think about sharing. They do offer half size for the basic ramen and the fried rice. I like their selection of ramen, ranging from clear broth, to shoyu to the thick tonkatsu base and miso. If you are in the mood for something hearty, go for the thicker base soup. I got to say though, I am not so crazy about the chicken karaage. Compared to other Chicken Karaage I've had, this one is not as tasty and juicy. :/ Therefore, go for what they are known for, their specialty, the ramen.
5	HI there, I'm one of the errant non-japanese who had to hunt for an English menu that Tom O.'s referred to.  =POne of the few things I don't like about Boston is that the noodle shops in the area are either a pain to get to or average at best.  My friend who's currently in grad school in the mid-west has it much worse with very little in the way of authentic ethnic food.  Ramen in the summer?  Sure why not!  I decided to look for a noodle shop on our trip, seeing as that we were both on a budget and looking for something different from the typical Vegas scene.  Togoshi Ramen came up in our search and we weren't disappointed. What's amusing is that this place seemed to be pretty popular with the off-beat college students, ie the people my friend and I would hang out with when we were their age.  We really felt in our element.  The radio played JPop music and there was a bookcase with rows of manga available to people who wanted to read while they eat.  The windows and door are indeed tinted to help keep the dining room cool.  The food was great, and reminded my friend of her time in Japan.  We were both really happy to hit this place as it provided relief from the scene at the Las Vegas strip.
3	I came to eat here on a whim on Saturday, 3/1/2008, and low and behold, at 8pm... this restaurant was CLOSED!I called the next day and it seems they're reopening on Monday, 3/3/08. They're doing some renovations.2 friends of mine from Japan have recommended this place ot me so I'm really looking forward to trying this place out when it reopens this week!
4	I ended up getting addicted to this noodle house, simple flavors, great taste and good people working make for a great lunch destination. After a short closure they are back open with new menus, some new fresh items and some new decor including a red wall!
5	First Review  - October 20063 StarsThis is where the locals go for good old Japanese food.  The place is not fancy at all in fact looks more like a cafeteria but if you want to eat off the strip, crave authentic Japanese flavors, don't want to spend a fortune or have visitors in Japan and want to make them feel welcome then hit up Togoshi Ramen.  They serve up a lot more than a hot steamy bowl of Japanese style ramen.My Mom and I took my grandma there during her first trip to the US.  We flew out to Vegas and just when she was getting a little overwhelmed with the crowded streets and loud sounds of the casino we took her to Togoshi's and she looked relieved as if she was lounging on her own little paradise island.  She found the food filling and comforting. Then it was back to Vegas life.  We let her rest up as my Mom and I hit up the sushi bar at the Wynn and drank way too much.  Grandma had to put up with the 2 of us snoring through the O show.  I actually was really looking forward to the show.  Bummer!Update - Second Visit May 7, 20085 StarsA new owner has taken over this special Ramen joint as of November.  You can tell as the food and flavor has been spruced up and so has the decor.  The walls are painted red and I love the wall where a menu has been decoratively placed on beautiful twig backdrop.  Very artsy.My mom and I were back and we hustled are way to Vegas since we were craving ramen and more.  Luckily with made it with an hour or more to spare thanks to my lovely speeding and we had forgotten that we gained an hour driving from Denver to Vegas.  This is what we hit up...First off we pounded a couple Sapporo drafts as "nama beer" is only $1.95.  So good and refreshing especially after a 13 hour drive.  Then we went nuts and ordered tons of dishes to share (ippen dishes is what they are called in Japan and it is the equivalent of ordering apps. or tapas here)* Mentaiko (spicy cod roe)* Gyoza (pot stickers)*Chikuwa Tempura (tempura style fish meat in a hollow tube like form cut into bite size pieces)*Tori no Karaage (fried chicken bites - my fave dish served with a wedge of lemon)*Tako no Karaage (fried baby octopus - now my ultimate fave dish wow unbelievably tasty)*Kimchee (Korean style spicy pickled Napa cabbage)*side of rice ( I like to enjoy all of the above while eating it with steamed rice, how Japanesey of me)*Shio Ramen (salt flavored ramen, there are tons of options!  I actually topped mine with kimchee and I love the slice of pork (chashu or char siu style), bean sprouts and green onion toppings)*Yakisoba (we ordered the comb: beef, pork and vegetable noodles, think Japanese style chowmein)*Side of Kewpie Mayo (this is something I picked up while living in Japan for 2 years, dip everything in this Japanese mayo kicks everything up a notch esp. with chicken/taco karaage, mentaiko and yakisoba)So yes, my Mom and I shared all of the above.  Then we ordered some Onigiri (rice balls)  to go for a snack for drive from Vegas to Monterey.    We ordered a couple konbu (seasoned seaweed), an ume (Japanese plum) and katsuo (seasoned bonito fish flakes).I also grabbed a Calpis aka Calipco ( I know, sounds like cow piss huh... love it)   in a can to go since I was parched.  They also have Chu-hai a very popular adult beverage in several falvors that I highly recommend.  I love Calips Chu Hai!So as you can see we had a blast and had a great time drinking beer and trying several of their dishes.  The menu is extensive and they have them available in both Japanese and English. Love it!   I can try an read the Japanese menu then I get fed up and order off the English one.Great exciting new they are opening up another restaurant.  Probably called Izakaya Togoshi in September!  Very awesome... as Izakaya is the Japanese word for pub and is the place where you can grab an adult beverage and feast over small tapas like plates with friends and fam.  Love the idea!  can't wait to try them out in the near future.
2	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I expected a lot more from this place after reading all the reviews from other people. Maybe I'm just not used to this style of ramen, and perhaps my experience at ramen places in Gardena, CA might have spoiled my taste buds, but I really didn't find it appealing. I ordered the shio ramen, expecting it to be like the one I usually get at Santouka but it was nothing like that. The broth was clear, unlike the milky white soup base at Santouka. Chashu was rather dry and unflavorful. Maybe it's the best ramen place you can find in Vegas but it just didn't do anything for me.
4	Thanks to you fellow Yelpers for helping me discover this place. I drove by today on a way to the bank at the same time trying to figure out what do I want to eat for a late lunch. So I decided to give this place a shot and was not disappointed. I ordered Togoshi Ramen ...+ bowl is big so I am still full :)+ tastes good and it had a little bit of everything ... shrimp, squid, pork, fishcake and lots of vegetables.+ decor is simple but who cares ... just give me good food! :)+ there was some funny 50-60s japanese music playing ... i kinda liked it too ;)- it is located in a ghetto ... although why would you care unless you're walking.Bottom line - best $12 spent for lunch this week.I will be back to try more stuff.
4	My friend wanted to go here because they had read somewhere that a big Japanese celebrity (Kimura Takuya, the former hearthrob SMAP band member and now actor) had eaten there.I was amazed how raggedy the place and surroundings were, made me think and wonder, if this is how drab real daily life in Las Vegas is for the non-tourist related working class.  Anyways, the ramen was large and flavorful, and service was casual and friendly, tables were kind sticky, but was nice hearing Japanese pop music in the background and slurping down a bowl of authentic ramen like "a local" out of view of the Sin City strip.As I paid at the register I then noticed the picture of "Kimu-taka" on the wall, a signed pic of him with the owner (or some employee) in the restaurant, sure enough, kinda neat that a big star like that would go there I thought.
2	Craving some hearty Japanese ramen, the then Big F called Togoshi Ramen as a place he had visited before.  Since his last visit, the decor has changed and looks a bit more updated as he said.The menu is pretty simple, with ramen being their most popular, a few rice dishes, appetizer plates, and some other entrees.  A few other menu items are posted on the walls.I got the Curry Rice "curry sauce with vegetables and beef over rice" for $7.95, which came with miso soup and a side salad.  The soup and salad arrived first, the soup was heavy with seaweed while the salad was shredded cabbage with a tangy vinaigrette.  When my curry rice arrived, I looked at my meal with disappointment.  It was an average amount, and the vegetables were only carrots and onions.  On top of the rice there was pickled ginger.  As I started to scoop out the sauce and rice onto another plate, I noticed there was no beef present.  I swam my spoon throughout the sauce and there was no beef to be found!  I double checked the menu to be sure it said beef and it did, so I waved the waiter over.  I asked if there was supposed to be beef in my dish and he nodded, and apologized and headed to the cook.  When he returned, I was afraid to see what he held in the small soy sauce dish.  Four pieces of cubed beef in curry sauce was what he placed in front of me, and that was just very sad indeed.  Sad for the beef being completely absent in my dish, and sad because of the sorry four pieces of beef cubes he then gave me.  In regards to taste, the curry sauce was fine, nothing special and not worth the price.The Big F ordered the Cha-Shu Ramen "soy based soup with EXTRA roasted pork" for $9.25.  He was very hungry and the bowl presented in front of him was smaller than what we both had in mind.  He then remembered why he hadn't been back.  He was disappointed the last time and he was disappointed again. We probably could have gone to Yokohama Kaigenro and gotten more for our buck.  There were about four to six pieces of sliced pork in his dish, and I wasn't so sure about what made it so 'extra'.  Overall, we left hungry.  We finished our dinner and was disappointed with the quantity and quality of the food.  Sorry, Togoshi didn't do it for us and you won't see us back here again.(Pics posted!)
4	This place has good solid food.I have eaten here over the years and the food is very consistent.If you enjoy simple food like ramen, fried rice, gyoza, etc....I do not think you will be disappointed.Reasonable prices.Tasty ramen and fried rice.Good service.Season as necessary and enjoy.....
3	I got sick in Vegas. Boo. Not a great place to get the flu.But Togoshi Ramen was there for my sick, congested self with its simple Shoyu Ramen. Decent tasting broth, but packaged tasting noodles. The portion was okay, with a small piece of seaweed and a quarter slice of a hard-boiled egg. I needed to go to the airport directly afterward, so I asked the host to hurry with the bill. He was courteous enough, and took his sweet time in the beginning, but quickened his pace when he saw I had my cash out.If I had known this place was semi-famous for it's famed Japanese visitor, I might have taken a picture -- but alas, the disease got the better of me.Maybe next time! And hopefully I'll be healthy.
4	My friends and I were craving ramen. This was a place that was found at random from a restaurant finder. We tried it and it was pretty good. Located in a slightly shabbier area of Vegas, this small restaurant offers a diverse selection of ramen for your ramen needs. The restaurant has a very homey feel and even offers a shelf of anime books for your enjoyment. The restaurant was rather quiet for lunch hour, but that means the service was good. The waitress was nice to us and explained the menu. There were many varieties of ramen. I ordered the miso based pork ramen. The broth was creamy and very delicious.  My friend ordered the beef bowl and 1/2 ramen soup.  My other friend also ordered a 1/2 soup and a pork katsu bowl, which was tasty. I would make a stop by to the restaurant if you're in the area, but not somewhere I'd go all out to grub at. Good deal otherwise.
4	mmm ramen in vegas?!this place should be a gold mine!!!!My girls and I went after a bad night at Tao, hungover and cranky.. we were looking for pho but my tiny yelp on my blackberry found me Togoshi!!!The staff is REALLY REALLY nice and they were sooo tolerable of our lagginess.. grogginess and endless refills of hot tea and water.I didn't actually order a ramen but i tried everyone else's and it was delicious! A little salty, but what do you expect with ramen? Try their Udon too! =9Instead i ordered appetizers.... agedashi tofu (a must for me at any japanese restaurant haha), gyoza, croquette, and takoyaki. BOMBbb. the only thing i didn't like, or actually i hated it... was the Takoyaki. the dough was under cooked and gooey and there was only one cube of octopus in the center. blegghhh.also it is far from the strip... in a random plaza next to nothing.
3	Great place off the strip for Ramen.  Same as my review for Shuseki, it's a great ramen place.I'm not too much a fan of here as I am of the other place, but their food is good.  Their karage is different than what i'm used to, but their Ramen is fair.Not bad for their location.
5	Fantastic ramen!  Our family of 5 went and we had varying types of ramen.  I had the miso ramen.  Good broth and so delicious!  Yes, it's extremely hot out but eating hot soup makes you perspire and then cools you down.  My dad had the Togoshi ramen and he like it.  It had a thicker soup.  My sister had the soya and mushroom ramen.  I, of course, had to taste everyone's ramen.  My aunt and mum had the 1/2 order of ramen, which is good for those who can't finish the huge bowls of ramen.  Will definitely go back!
1	This place closed (or moved without a forwarding address or phone number). I was very disappointed!
2	We first walked in, not knowing what to expect. I went to the mens restroom and was dissapointed that they did not have hand soap.  That wss gross. The cook and hostess were both Japanese. So my skepticism dropped a little. We ordered the shio ramen and gyoza. The food was average and I'm sure there are better ramen in vegas but this place is a quick fix. To your hunger if you are not to picky with ramen. Gyoza I had better. But it was ok. Not great or anything. And prices are ok as well.
5	I am SUPER SUPER sad to hear they're no longer around. They had THE BEST mabo tofu and chashu ramen! It was truly a treat to eat there when visiting my sister in Vegas. I love that they had japanese manga and magazines for you to read too. *weeps*
3	CLOSED.  Wanted ramen.  Didn't get ramen.  Business is another victim of the economy.
5	Even though this place is closed, I had to brag about my fond memories here. You have no idea how disappointing it was to see this place shut down! My fiance and I were so sad when we had to face the reality that we would have to settle for "ok" Ramen elsewhere...From the interior, to the workers and their delicious food, I swear, I just stepped into a ramen shop in Japan. The only thing that was missing is the fact that most ramen shops in Japan have a "bar" type thing that surrounds the kitchen and I don't remember there being a "bar" by the kitchen. They served sake and all the Japanese beer, including orien and all for a nice price. Actually, from food to beverage, everything was affordable and potions and quality were good and VERY similar to what you can get in Japan. Their main attraction was, of course, their ramen; doesn't matter what you get, they were all freakin' good. They also served udon, japanese style hamburger, fried rice, Onigiri!, and other very authentic Japanese food items. It's hard to find a place in the valley that serves authentic, straight up from Japan, Japanese items!I was very pleased by everything here. It's pretty tragic that this place is no more. :(
4	Does anyone know why this place closed down?!!? Or if it's every going to reopen somewhere else in town?!?! I love this place. I would have given it 4 starts if it wasn't in a scary part of town. good memories of yummy ramen. If you have never had the chance to patronize this place, sorry for your loss :(
5	This was my most favorite ramen place in Vegas! It breaks my heart to find out this place closed down. ;_;
