5	I love, love, love this place and am so happy that my boyfriend and I were fortunate enough to stumble upon it. Normally when we're making such a large decision - in this case, picking out a new carpet - we shop around until we find the best deal. Walking in we felt so welcomed by the owners and immediately comfortable that we didn't want to try anywhere else. Not only did they go out of their way to help us pick out a nice carpet, but they openly offered advice and readily answered every question we could possible throw at them. When we were finally settled on what we wanted, the carpet we had ordered couldn't be delivered on time, so the manufacturer upgraded us to a top-notch version of it completely free of charge. The people that came and installed it for us could not have been nicer. I was completely blown away. So, naturally, when it came time for our crumbling bathroom shower to be replaced/remodeled, we came back here for some tile. Again, the owners could not have been more wonderful. They helped us break down costs to fit our budget, sat with us to help decide on which colors looked best, and once again answered our questions so thoroughly that I walked away feeling cool, comfortable, and with a huge smile plastered across my face. Come installation time, we once again had the absolute best doing work for us. When all was said and done, the worker had done such a fast and thorough job (making our bathroom look so gorgeous) that I was actually relieved that my boyfriend and I did not have time to attempt installing the tiles ourselves. If you are looking for quality service, awesome tiles, or beautiful carpets, I highly recommend this place. We will definitely be going back there again when we save up enough money  and find enough time to tile our kitchen floor.
5	We had a wonderful experience with them.  They were friendly, readily available, and we liked how they weren't pushy with their sales.  After calling a few places for information and not liking their attitude and scheduling a free estimate with another company that pulled a no show, we went to Tile and Carpent Mecca on the recommendation of a co-worker.  We wanted to put in wood style laminate flooring in our hallways, dining, and kitchen area.  They came and did a free estimate and they were on time, didn't give us a two hour window, and they were in and out without trying to force a sale on me.  I liked this so my husband and I met with them on a Sunday in their shop (they opened to accomodate us) and they were friendly and honest from the get go.  They told us that we could probably find a cheaper alternative but the quality and service most likely wouldn't compare to theirs.  They said they aren't the cheapest but definitely not the most expensive.  They have a wide range of styles and price options available.  Once we placed our order, things got going and we are so happy with the results.  They had 3 guys come to our home to do the work, but we liked how the owner showed up with them initially, did random check-ins, and came afterwards to meet with us to discuss what we thought.  We've gotten so many compliments, we would definitely use them again.  The couple who owns the business are very sweet and down to earth.  It comforted me to know that we were supporting their livelihood and local business, so their reputation was on the line.  As opposed to if we ordered from Home Depot or Express Tile, the workers probably don't really care because they're in and out of peoples homes so quickly and they're not personally invested in the work.
5	We stumbled upon this place for a border tile need for a pool redo. We ended up finding our company we will hire for our next big project, the main bath. This couple who owns it was so sweet and helpful even knowing our business at the moment was minimal. Their sweetness is apparent. They even offered us some leftovers to accomplish our mission of the day. For one piece we needed very quickly, the wife even stated, I hate to send you to our competitor but I will so you can get the piece you need faster and easier. Wow, was I impressed! Customer service obviously means something to these owners! We took a little time to see pics of their work, gorgeous!We did find the piece we needed where they sent us. But we are happier that we found a company we WILL return to for our interior tile needs in the future! Thank you Tom and Christine! It was a pleasure to meet you :)
