4	I have been to this Taco Del Mar once before and went again this weekend, so I felt it was time for a review.First of all, TDM is a great middle ground between Taco Bell and Chipotle. Its quick and easy, and they have a wide variety of options.This particular location is pretty cool. The decor inside is fun and it has been very clean both times I have been.They have veggie options and use lard free beans. I always get the veggie mondo burro and have not been disappointed at all. They are a great size with great flavor.Another cool thing they have is an iced tea machine. You can select four different tea flavors from the machine, including green tea. They also have a little salsa bar with a few different salsa options and jalapenos.
2	I've never eaten a mouthful of sand, but if I did, I can't imagine it would taste much different than the rice and beans served at Tacos Del Mar. If it is the goal of TDM to produce the most bland tasting Mexican food on the planet, they are doing a pretty good job.In addition to the rice and beans, not much can be said for their dry, flavor-free steak as well.  If you're into eating cardboard, I suggest you try TDM's steak tacos. You'll be in heaven.I'd give the place one star if it weren't for the friendly employees. Those bastards.
3	Ah. This isn't anything great, but it's not horrible. It's a nice and CLEAN taco shop on 40th and Camelback (NWC) that has a good seleciton of tacos (duh), burritos, and basically everything else that is Mexcian/American.The tacos are good sized and the salsa is tasty.The service is friendly and the food is good. Solid 3 star review for me.
4	Over the weekend I took my bike out and road the canals towards Camelback Road.  I stopped at Taco Del Mar on Camelback and 40th Street.   I sometimes stop in the middle of my ride to have lunch at this location.  I am always satisfied with the tacos.  I got three tacos - chicken and shredded beef.  The food is light and tasty, yet simple without all of the fillers (e.g. cheddar cheese and sour cream).  I always enjoy stopping here when I have the chance. The atmosphere is simple with a surfer theme and a television in front.  The portions are modest - not too heavy, not too light.The salsa selection is very good with green and red salsa in various strengths.  Reasonably priced at about $5.00 to $8.00 per person.A great stop for a simple and fulfilling lunch.
3	This place is clean and the servers friendly. The beans are lard free! Plus for vegetarians like me. The burrito is standard... it's nothing special, and the flavors don't pop... but if I'm craving a burrito filled with beans and rice and guac, I can walk over to TDM. I like the price on the combo special, and the punch card for every $5 spent. (Double punches on Mondays!)
1	I am not writing this review to be mean, but I truly disliked this place. The place needs a facelift, it's struggling in comparison to any of the other places in close proximity- and yes I understand it's much cheaper. I tried it on a Tuesday when they even had a special, so it was cheaper than usual even. The decor is a little bit of a timewarp, and it wasn't very clean- there was 1 person in the place; usually a major red flag but hey 2 tacos for like 5.99 what the heck? Then I realized it was 7pm, so I almost walked off. I was drawn to a sign that was implying there food was somewhat healthy. Wrong. Now for the bad part- the food. Really sad and bland, reheated food. Those tacos were bad, and I'm not very picky. The beans might have been the most pathetic thing I've ever tasted, and were a little burnt from sitting in that pan all day. How do you mess up beans if you're a Mexican restaurant? I guess the 1 star should go to the nice employee who nobly served me the jail food. He had a very defeated look, as if to plead with me to RUN. He was nice though- he would be wise to apply at one of the many stellar places right in tacos del mar backyard. If I was the owner of this establishment I would probably renovate and reinvent the joint quite a bit, the rent can't be cheap in this area and there is quite the competition.
1	I was really disgusted with this place. I should have known when we walked in on Saturday at 12:30 PM and there was no one (not exagerating)  there.  But we were hungry and hot so we stayed. I wanted shrimp tacos but no shrimp at tacos del MAR...just frozen fish that you need to order 5 minutes ahead because they need to microwave it.   It's breaded and precut...couldn't they at least get the kind that has different shapes and looked like it wasn't completely processed?  The kids had bean burritos which they usually love anywhere but didn't like at all. My husband's chicken burrito tasted like a school cafeteria.  The clincher was that the unsweetened ice tea tasted rancid.  I think they let the tea bags go bad or something.  Gross and how annoying that they  don't have seafood.  Wahoo tacos from La Jolla please come here to AZ!!!
1	I'm 52, I've lived in AZ for 40 years and this was: THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN! Prison cafeteria's surely have more sophisticated fare. It appears that everything must be sourced from a North Dakota Presbyterian luncheon. The worst chips, salsa and queso and thinner than water (is that possible? Apparently so! I even gave them back the queso and they offered to give me more and I said no thank you, but they said they'll give me some that was not watered down. Seriously? Who waters down cheese sauce? The three slow, unmotivated, cell-phone using staff made the whole experience just plain crappy. Fire the lot of them, close the place down and start fresh.
