4	So I haven't been to Weinerschnitzel in a long time, they have a lot of deals right now including 5 for $5 classic chili dogs and a chili dog, chili fries and a chili burger for $3.99.  I got two orders of 5 for $5 classic chili dogs for me and my friends, it was as good as I remember!  I don't plan on making it a regular occurrence but I if I am in the mood for fast food I'll remember to add Weinerschnitzel to the "rotation" ;)
1	I went to Wienerschnitzel back in september cause i had a coupon for a chili dog, chil cheese burger and chili fries for about 3.99. It's now about four months later and i will never forget how bad the food was. The hamburger had grissel all threw it, the hot dog was gross and the chili was even worse. I would not feed this stuff to my dog.
4	Oh how I love Der Wienerschnitzel! I grew up as a kid coming by here on and off with my dad. He would always get Chili Cheese Fries and a ton of Chili Cheese Dogs and we'd just go to town. It's still just as good as I remember from my childhood, the bread is always hot and fresh, the chili perfect, and the deals not half bad either. This is the closest location to where I live which is at least six miles aways because they just don't build many of these, but I try to swing by whenever I can. It's not the best food you'll ever have, and it's not exactly healthy either, but it's really good, fun, tasty food!
4	I have a friend who is from Austria, and she hates the fact that this place is named just like an Austrian dish that DOES NOT consist of hot dogs or anything like that. That aside...I like this place. They have good deals, though the trade-off for that is you're not getting the best food ever. If you walk in here with expectations of high-quality food, this is not it. Think Del Taco and you're on the right track. I don't really have a lot to say about this place other than it's value-oriented. And there's a Subway connected to it if you feel like eating that.
3	Wienerschnitzel is no Tommy's. The chili is not as good and the beef in the burgers tastes cheap and reheated. But in a pinch, it works. The price is fair and they have a few good options I've not seen any where else. Like the junk yard dog and burger. Those are topped with fries and chili. Good eats given it is coming from Wienerschnitzel. I even saw some fish options on the menu tonight. That was a surprise. Not that I would order any of it. I don't care for fish.  Basically, since I don't live near a Tommy's, this is where I go for a chili dog and don't want to make it myself.
1	Disgusting. The food was unacceptable, and the staff was even worse. They got our order wrong, they were crazy rude. We will never be back.
3	For some reason I have thought that these where what a burgers almost same logo etc. So I was kinda sad to  see this rather then one lol. But honestly it was really good even better then in and out I would say. That being said I will not rate over a 3 star those are generally what I like to reserve for higher end burger joints.Needing lunch just stoped in and got a burger with chili and cheese really good shockingly. Good prices etc.. but average drive threw food at best. I am still triing to find a place that does crushed ice.
3	If you're in the mood for an inexpensive chili dog, Wienerschnitzel is definitely the place to go.  This location seemed awfully slow at 10:30 am but maybe the lunch rush hadn't arrived yet.  I was the first of the day to get soda from the fountain and the diet Pepsi tasted HORRIBLE.  Even after letting it run for a bit, it still tasted horrible.  Probably more the Pepsi distributor's fault but if this isn't an isolated case, beware of how the soda tastes.
1	Very rude and the owner wow he just stood there and so did the employees while I waited to order this place sucks BAD SERVICE
