5	Excellent customer service, excellent flight, just an unbeatable experience overall. Dean and Veronica were a pleasure to work with from beginning to end. I felt safe in their capable hands. Check one off the bucket list and go with Skyline - you won't regret it!
5	I purchased a helicopter tour on Living Social.  It was easy to get ahold of this business and book a tour.  When we arrived we were encouraged to ride with the doors off.  There is an extra fee to do so but it is worth it.  I thought it would be scary because it was my first helicopter ride but it was not.  The whole experience was very exciting.Our tour was at 545.  They tried getting us to book later but it was hard because we had other things planned.  If you can book at sundown you will see the Strip when it is all lit up.  We went a little early for that but it was still beautiful and my husband got awesome pictures.  Red Rock is incredible.  As a Florida girl this is something I have never seen before.  I was mesmerized.I would highly recommend them.  I like that they were easy to reach, book and communicate with especially since we were coming from out of state.  This was a great enhancement to our honeymoon.
5	INCREDIBLE! Worth every penny....and 100% pay the extra money for the doors off.  Beautiful way of seeing Vegas from that view.  My boyfriend and I did the VIP sunset tour and it was one of the most breathtaking things I have ever experienced!!!!!! Definitely suggest doing a tour, especially with this company! Great guys....thank you!!!!!
5	Helicopter tour at dusk over the strip. Excellent ride. Excellent customer service. Must do on the bucket list. Definitely ride with doors off.
5	My husband and I did the tour for our honeymoon in Vegas. The staff is very friendly attentive and they explained everything in detail. The helicopter was clean well kept and very safe. Our pilot was very friendly and professional. It was an absolute pleasure and the activity we enjoyed the most. We are recommending the tour to everyone back home. Definitely worth it!!
