4	My girlfriend loves Chinese food, so needless to say I've ended up at a lot of Chinese restaurants around town. A Grand China location recently opened up not far from my home, so we decided to go check it out.I've seen it all in this town as far as Chinese restaurants go - the good, the bad, and the ugly alike. After those mixed bags, Grand China comes as a breath of fresh air. The service is great, the food every bit as good as that of places twice as expensive, and the staff friendly and courteous. The atmosphere in the restaurant is fantastic. It is a well-decorated restaurant, and while it doesn't scream "high class", it is definitely better than a lot of the "hole in the wall" places around town. The restaurant usually isn't jam-packed, so excess noise isn't a problem.There is a wide variety of food items on the menu as well. And unlike a lot of restaurants, they actually have descriptions of their items in the menu, as well as pictures for many of the items. They are also more than happy to take simple requests (leaving something out of an item you don't like, making an item less spicy if you like it that way, etc.) And, perhaps most importantly, the food here is actually very good!Prices are right in the middle of the road. My average dinner here with my girlfriend costs HALF what I'd pay for similar food at certain other restaurants - and it is just as good. The staff are extremely friendly and always provide excellent service, even when things are a bit on the crowded side. I've been going here with my girlfriend and family for over a year now, and I am recognized every time I go in. And when my family isn't with me and it's just me and the gf, they even have the courtesy to ask how the family has been. Very nice folks.I only omitted a fifth star because there have been a few times when my order has been messed up. However, as I stated previously, these people are very friendly and always willing to rectify any mistake they may make. Grand China is a great Chinese restaurant. I've been going here for over a year, and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon. I haven't eaten at any of the other locations around the Vegas Valley, but if they are as good as this one, and you have one in your area, what are you waiting for?Food: B+Service: B-Atmosphere: A-
5	Love the chinese food here.  Very tasty and have great lunch specials.  There are chinese restaurants closer to us, but I always drive to this one because it is so good.
4	We have ordered from Grand China a few times and have yet to be let down.  Food for 6 (with a bunch of left overs) came out to about 70$, delivery included.  The only thing that kept it from getting that fifth star is that the Chicken Fried Rice and Chicken Lo Mein were a bit light on the meat.  In my experience, Chinese food runs the gambit and even with those 2 dishes being a bit light on the meat, the quality was excellent, the portions were nice sized, and every last dish was quite tasty.  My in-laws are very picky about their Chinese food and this is one of their favs.
5	I am not from Henderson, I was visiting Las Vegas and staying with friends in Henderson.  On a Saturday night I decided that it had been far too long since I last had some Chinese food and searched Yelp for somewhere to satiate my palate.  Pickings were slim in Henderson, but I came across Grand China, specifically the location on Horizon Ridge Parkway, the reviews looked good, and I decided this would be where I could get my Chinese fix.  After being seated, I noticed the menu's were very large and heavy (like heavy, heavy!)  I love crab rangoons and was pleasantly surprised to find them on the menu.  I ordered the dinner special with general tso's chicken, hot and sour soup, and fried rice.  Imagine my surprise when the first bite of the general's chicken landed on my tongue and my taste buds immediately delivered the news to my brain: THIS IS EXCELLENT!  I couldn't believe it, this was some of the best general tso's chicken I have had in years.  The spiciness was perfectly balanced with a hint of sweetness.  The chicken was breaded and cooked perfectly.  Eating this food I knew that I would be back for more.The next day I came back and had the entree portion of general tso's chicken (a larger portion than the dinner special) along with steamed rice and the fried wontons instead of the crab rangoon.  Again, the general's chicken was amazing, the fried wontons were much better than the rangoons (you get more pieces and it's cheaper!).My only regret is that I live 400 miles away in California and I wont be able to visit on a regular basis.  But, mark my words, when I come back to Las Vegas, this will be one of the first places I go.
4	Fast Fast Fast.  If you are in a hurry or have just worked up a monster appetite, these guys can help you out.  This restaurant is located pretty close to my house and I don't think it is really a destination kind of place, but if you are looking for quality chinese food classics and a reasonable price in a hurry, this is where you need to go.  They have a solid lunch and dinner menu.  The decor is typical strip shopping center with chinese flair, but the service is quick and friendly.  I have also ordered to-go and delivery and the quality has been consistant.
5	These guys are awesome for delivery, fast and good prices!The spicy dishes have just the right amount of heat.  Kung pao is always good.  Nice to have a family business nearby.
4	Yay!!! i dont have to go to Panda when I'm felling lazy to drive anymore this place is delicious. had the Mongolian beef  and it had lots of meat and it was soft and tender. My waitress was really nice to suggested all the favorites.  The reason I'm am not giving them 5 starts is because my soup was a little cold when i got it. i had the hot and sour soup which was pretty good just not wasn't warm enough.
4	Great chinese food on this side of town (my FIL lives on this side of Henderson), at reasonable prices. We've ordered takeout before, many times, and have dined here as well (some years now). So, I finally decided to write up my review.   On our most recent visit, last weekend, the three of us ordered dinner combination dinners (soup, fried rice, entree, crab rangoon, and chicken egg roll) and one in our group ordered the sizzling meats platter (though I'm not so sure of the actual name). I agree with Joe D. about the right amount of spiciness in the Kung Pao dish (I typically like it medium spicy, but my husband's mild with his spice-meter). We really liked the chicken egg roll (flavorful) and the crab rangoon (what's not to like?). My husband had the Pork Chow Mein- he thought it was good, except it was kinda on the fatty side (so he cut it off and put it to the side of his plate). Portions are large, so I took the rest home (plus I had to save some room for dessert at my FIL's house later).   The server was nice (dressed in black pants, and white shirt, kinda like casino black and whites) and was quick to tend to our needs- drinks were refilled and she checked on us several times throughout dinner. The food came to our table relatively quickly. My FIL was jokingly telling her to change the name of the Pupu Platter, as it sounded unappealing to him (he's a New Yorker, he's got a lightning fast wit). She took it  good-heartedly, casually joking back and laughing.  Inside is very elegant (not your typical chinese restaurant) and spacious (it looks small when looking from the outside), and the booths have gambling themed fabric. The walls feature tasteful nudes of Chinese women- large framed prints (kinda risque since most chinese places are more conservative).
5	What a surprise.  I wasn't happy with the typical Chinese American fare that I was normally going to, China a Go Go as their service level dropped considerably and the food was no longer as tasty as I like.  So, I yelped about any new places and decided to try Grand China.  NICE!1.  Drove - I drove 8 miles from my home to check this place out.2.  Parking - Strip Mall, no worries, easy parking. Easy to find on the corner of Horizon and Horizon near the Albertsons.3.  Service - OK, now I went there at about 3:00 pm on a Saturday, so this was not rush hour, and I could sense that the people here take personal pride and personal ownership in working here. This is their place.4.  Food - This is the real deal and this is why I give them a five.a.  Cheap Filler - Not too much cheap filler. Normally you will find celery and carrots and bean sprouts as the cheap filler in most Chinese American take out places, not here.  They use the right amount of onion, bell pepper and carrot.b.  Curry Chicken - Nice kick, just the right amount of spices and the chicken was very tender. To me that means the right chef cutting the chicken in the right manner and using the right high heat to capture the juice and keep the chicken moist. Nice.c.  String Beans and Chicken - I like this dish because it has black bean sauce.  The best part is that they used real chinese long string bean, and not the stuff you find at the neighborhood markets. Chinese long string beans have a different texture and taste.  Very nice.d.  Dry Chow Fun Noodles with Beef.  this was perfect in my opinion. Most people will order Chow Mein as it is very popular dish.  Chow Fun is nearly identical, except the noodle of the "fun" is about 1/2 inch wide and thin, almost like a fettucini noodle. but thinner. This type of noodle captures the taste in a different way than chow mein due to its large thin surface. A lot of the taste gets on the noodle.  This noodle can also break up or get soggy if not cooked right. This dish was awesome. My mistake was ordering only one order, and not two. My kids ate a lot of it.e.  Orange Chicken - I have to admit I have been known to buy this yes, at Panda Express, and really don't like it when it has such a thick layer of the flour coating. It is like a small amount of chicken, large amount of flour coating crust and too oily. Here at Grand China, the orange chicken for you all will be very authentic. There is NOT flour coating. This is the real deal.  Very, Very nice. large pieces of chicken with the right seasoning. You can taste the difference between this one and the other stuff they serve at most other places.  Very, Very nice.5.  Since I did take out here, I did not have an opportunity to check out the bathroom here.  This is always important in an authentic chinese restaurant as the best of them in LV have the worst toilets............ More to come on that when I go back.  But, isn't it odd how the best have the worst?6.  Ambiance - This is a larger Chinese restaurant with plenty of tables. They have spent time and money to use quality material and decor, not the cheap stuff. This is a place that is more upscale than any other dine in or take out place in Henderson. Almost a real restaurant. When I walked in, it did not even seem like it was take out.  Good for dates, get togethers, larger parties.7.  Where's the fish - only thing missing was one of the aquariums with the fish (that you would eat) swimming in it.  If you see any chinese restaurant with this, you know that they are focused on serving the chinese crowd with the real deal.....GK says, this place for Chinese American is pretty authentic for what they offer!  Go for it.
2	Truly great service. However, the grub lacked luster all around. Granted I had takeout both times but it is unlikely I would go back. :(
3	Many yelpers know I love all cuisine Asian, but Chinese is never really high on my list, especially Americanized Chinese food.  However, I had been to Grand China before and remembered it was okay, so I owed someone a lunch who worked at this intersection and told him to meet me here.Immediately, I was giddy with excitement over the lunch specials, which range from $5.50 to $6.95 and include entree, rice, soup, eggroll, and drink!  Can't beat that.  The food was good in portion size and tasted fine.  I would just rather be eating Korean, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, or Indian even if it costs more.  Nevertheless, when I got the check and it was $13 for 2 people, initially I thought it was a mistake.  This place is so cheap that it is worth going to with people who like Chinese food and want to eat lunch in Henderson.
2	Orange beef was very dry and wasn't fresh at all. Kids meal sweet and sour chicken was tasteless. Shrimp in lobster sauce was good though, but not enough to overcome the bad. They were also out of most Of the beer choices when we were there.
4	Been to Grand China a few times now and overall, they have been pretty solid every time. They have a great selection of lunch specials one can choose from available M-F which is great since I just work down the street. The prices for a lunch special are better then me spending the same amount at the local McDonald's and I get served a solid Chinese meal. Haven't been during dinner time so I can not really speak for that. However, I have ordered a few dinner entree's before during the lunch hour and must say that the food was just as good as during lunch.
4	I was hoping this place wouldn't be good, but much to my dismay the orange chicken was surprisingly tasty (the portions are minuscule, though).  That's too bad, because this place is all the way across town for me, and now I feel compelled to return.  Ugh.
2	Just because the lunch special is cheap, it doesn't mean it's a good value for lunch. Call it for what it is. Boring, blah, bland Chinese food. If you're close and are pressed for time it's something to keep your stomach from grumbling. But if you have other options take them.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place and have been several times! Everything comes out quick weather it is to go or dine in. The same woman is always waiting tables and seems to usually be the only one doing so, still she is prompt and polite! The menu is rather large and includes combination dinners that come with soup, an entree, an egg roll, and a crab Rangoon for 8.95 or 9.95! The food is what you would expect from an Americanized Chinese restaurant but everything is always tasty and hot. I am sure we will be back again soon!
4	I love the wonton soup at Grand China.  LOVE.  That's why we keep going back.  I have tried a variety of main courses... orange chicken, General Tso's, mongolian beef... all are good, all are priced reasonably.  My only advice is to stay away from the fried rice.  It's just kinda bland and blah.
1	The fortune cookie says: Your food is going to suck. Everyone deserves a second chance (I've reviewed Great China once before) so after not eating all day tonight my wife and I ordered a large order of food from Grand China. I got Kung Pao Chicken, she had Orange Chicken. We went with the combo meal and had egg flower soup and hot and sour soup. We also ordered beef on a stick, crab rangoons and pot stickers. $42.00 worth of food. If my debit card could talk it would be saying WTH were you thinking? Oh wait, you weren't thinking. Let's get into why it wants to scream at me. The Good: The Kung Pao Chicken had more than 2 peppers in it. The second young woman who finally took my payment caught a lot of guys attention as she walked around. People watching as they drooled over her made the wait for the food fly by. The Bad: I started to get helped by one older lady but she dropped me in mid conversation to let the other woman that everyone was staring at help me. Unmemorable rice. As in Uncle Ben's 90 second microwave and serve rice tastes better. Egg Flower Soup: Take Henderson municipal water. Add some tiny chunks of carrots. Add 1 tablespoon of egg stuff. Heat in microwave. Dump into styrofoam container, send it out the door. The potstickers didn't totally suck but they were ho-hum. The dipping sauce for them was edible, but blah. The Ugly: The Orange Chicken had way too much breading on it. The menu says that the Orange Chicken is spicy. Player puhleeze, about the only thing "spicy" on it was the dash of black pepper it had. Don't call it Crab Rangoon if it doesn't have crab in it you can see much less taste. Hot and Sour soup was too hot and not enough sour. It was unbalanced. The eggrolls were way too greasy. The extra crunchy noodles were super greasy. And then there's a special mention for the Beef on a Stick. Take the most flavorless cuts of beef imagineable, add a nice waxy texture to it, heat it, slam a stick through it and stick it in the styrofoam box. BLEECH. My wife ended up putting it in the dog bowl and our dog even refused to touch it. I'm not writing that to make a cute review, I'm simply stating facts. In short the second time around this place has made it to my Absolutely Not list. I understand some fried foods can be greasy. But I've had a lot of Chinese food and I know that within 2 miles of this place you can find several establishments where the food doesn't look like it's dripping in Crisco. 1 star. Only because I have to. And 90 min later the beef on a stick is still in the dog bowl.
5	I have to say, the more I think about it, Grand China is one of the best Chinese restaurants I have been to in a looooong time.  I can't say there is anything I have tried that I haven't liked.  The service has never been anything less than stellar.  Furthermore, and this is the big one, I actually CRAVE the food at Grand China.  I get a real hankerin' for the wonton soup and mongolian beef, and that's saying something because I wouldn't say I'm really partial to Chinese food in general.  I can't help it.  I just love Grand China.  For whatever reason, this place has become a serious guilty pleasure of mine.
2	I went in expecting a four star restaurant but i was sorely disappointed. The food while properly cooked and seemed appetizing but was bland and they seemingly did not understand how to make our food spicy and they did not have a spicy sauce to add of the top. However the Mandarin gourmet garlic was a delight. The garlic sauce atop the chicken was very tasty though the chicken was a little dry. I would get something with the garlic sauce because that seemed to be the only item with lots of flavor. Also the service was very slow because there was only one server for the entire restaurant so be prepared for a wait.
5	We are picky.  All we can say is wow.  Great food and great value.  You gotta try it.
3	We come here a lot when we want Chinese and cringe at the idea of Panda Express but don't want to drive to the buffet on Eastern. It is very comfortable and quiet. We go in the late afternoon and it is usually empty then.  The lunch specials are a good deal, soup, meal choice and a drink for 5.50 through 6.95 range. We love their won ton soup ( It's a dollar upcharge). They don't skimp on things, we get cashew chicken a lot and there is a lot of chicken and cashews  it's not loaded with celery.. and they use good mushrooms not canned ones. They don't seem to cut too many corners. But the appetizers are kinda pricey for the amount of food or the quality you get. The beef skewers were not too great (pounded thin), the pot stickers are yummy (not excellent but good) but were expensive in my opinion. That being said I suspect they cook on the idea of being more health conscious on a lot of dishes so for many people that could mean bland. And the dishes that are greasy, Hong Kong noodles, lemon chicken ..are just that greasy.   Service is slow but they seem to cook it fresh, we have never been served old junk so thats good. Also nice ladies run the place. Nice cheap lunch place in a pinch. I think of it as a better upgraded more comfy Panda express....
4	Score!  Our local Chinese food restaurant is a total win!  Terrific service, comfortable and well-lit dining room with nice music in the background, and very good food.  Only complaint is that the fried rice seemed a little bland.  The egg rolls were delicious.  Will be back for both dine-in and take out!
5	I've been here twice.  Both times the food was delicious.  We ordered Moo Goo Gai Pan, and Mandarin Chicken.  The Moo Goo sauce was flavorful and the vegetables tasty.  The Mandarin Chicken was perfect.   Crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside with just the right amount of sweetness in the sauce.  Careful when you order the egg drop soup.  A bowl will feed 4 people.  The waitress did try to warn me.  It was delicous though. Pork fried rice has just those little bits of sweet/savory pork that I find so essential in fried rice.  So many places nowadays just put a litlle eggs and onions in the fried rice. Theirs was full of the good stuff.  Very friendly wait staff.
3	I Yelped some Chinese food in Henderson near my job and Grand China popped up with some good reviews.  The lunch specials were mentioned a lot, so I ventured over to give it a whirl.  For a Monday at 11:30am, the place was empty except for myself and two gentlemen whom I recognized as employees of the city, too.  I quickly decided on the Cashew Shrimp lunch special for $6.95, which included a drink, soup, and the entree.  The egg drop soup that I chose was served quickly and piping hot.  Minutes later, my entree arrived and this is when the Yelper in me kicked in because I started counting how many shrimp I got: four.  They weren't tiny, but they weren't huge, either.  There were lots of vegetables to go with the shrimp and also a side of plain fried rice; I should have asked for white rice if I was thinking about it.  All in all, it was a decent meal for the price, plus the place is clean and service is fast.
4	Visiting family in Henderson and they suggested we meet here.  Our large party of 13 was seated quickly.  We all ordered for our families and theyn were happy to seperate our checks for us.  Although, we ask that after ordering and that ws super confusing for the waitress.  After getting the orders straigtened out we enjoyed our soup and appetizers.  Our meals were served quickly but not all at the same time.  One person in our party waited for 15 minutes for here meal.  THe food was fresh and served hot.  Everyone was pleased with their choices and left very full.  The prices were very reasonable.  I WOULD RECOMMEND!
3	I would give 5 stars if just for the food. Delicious! Especially for the sweet and sour chicken. Waitress was hard to understand and couldn't understand what I wanted and that I was okay with paying $2 more for fried rice. If I wasn't okay, I would have not agreed on it. She should just worry about the food and not trying to save me money. It ended up being a 5 minute semi argument over the 2 dollars.Aside from the service, every meal is amazing and large portions.
4	The best Chinese food on this side of Henderson! And they DELIVER! Try the Sizzling 3 Delight... It's sheer goodness!
2	I remembered this place as pretty good last time we visited, so I didnt bother to check yelp before visiting. Big mistake. If Id read shawn j's review before we were seated Id've gone elsewhere. What to add to his very thorough review?Several things:1. We were seated for nearly 15 minutes before we were offered drinks, yet the two, count 'em, TWO, teenaged girls behind the counter didn't bother to help us even though they were doing absolutely nothing. 2. When our waitress finally came to our table the first thing she did was start removing silverware and placemats. I found this to be rude and slightly gross - I don't want silverware on my table that other people could've touched. 3. My soup spoon looked like it hadn't been washed. How she missed that I don't know. Which begs the question: What else might have been dirty at our table?4. One of The meals (a combo meal, like shawn the aforementioned reviewer) looked and tasted like it had sat in a pot all day. The combo meals were all items that looked like they were ordered a lot. So they probably make a big batch and ladle it out all day. If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, folks, its a duck. By the end of the day when we came in, it was gross. The flower soup looked equally disgusting. I didn't try it. The other two meals were ok. 5. It was impossible to find a waitress to help us at any given time during the meal. 6. My kids drinks were served in take out food containers with holes poked in the lids. My kids are small and they had a hard time with this. Plus it was just tacky. $42 for a meal we thought was bad. Will not return - and will be sure to check yelp next time BEFORE i go someplace I havent been in a while.
3	I would give this place a 2 star, but I am going to give it a 3 because the food was very good, fresh tasting and the waitress was very sweet. When my grandmother and I came in we had to wait about 5 mins. until the lady in the back noticed we where there she was in the kitchen doing something. She sat us down and took our order she had a happy attitude twards usGenera t'so chicken- big peices and nice and fresh tasting and the meat was all white not brown like sometimes when places try to cut corners.Bbq pork lo mein- I asked for white rice on both of these and this one came with fried rice witch I didn't want. I told her and she said she was very sorry the chicken came with white rice. She said she was going to bring more white rice but It was okay we really didn't need it. All and all the lunch prices are good it lasts until 4pm witch is a nice change from most places. And the staff is nice, on the way out she said your new I never seen your face here before; I thought that was kind of cute she noticed :).
3	We like the War Wonton Soup..
4	Great prices. We come here often and also get delivery. There's usually only one person working which can be a hassle if you're in a hurry but I don't mind. They give great service and pay extra attention to my kids and get us in and out fed and happy. Portion sizes are generous and I always leave with leftovers.
4	Very good little Chinese Restaurant in Black Mountain.  I'm from the east coast and finally found a Chinese Restaurant on this side of town that I like.  :)  Moo Shu is great!  I only wish that they would make me fried rice without egg for the lunch special.  I would go there more often if they would.  (Hint, Hint)Good neighborhood Chinese restaurant!
4	Just like NY! I'm in Summerlin and will drive to Grand China for dinner.
2	The food is decent.  Not bad not great. The service is poor. The teenagers at the front were brats and rolled her eyes when i made a simple request. I ordered a chicken dish and substituted the meat for tofu and they charged me $2+ Really?! Tofu is cheaper! This place is only close to my house. That's why I ate here. I've given this place a few shots but It's not good.
1	Worst service ever! Went here a few weeks ago about an hour and a halfway before they closed and got treated horribly ! I asked if we could get an appetizer and our writer replies with "we'll what do you want? The kitchens closing soon" we got up and left right then. Also had a hair in my water. Never coming here again !!
5	We love the Grand China.  After searching for sometime after moving here from Chicago, we finally found a good Chinese restaurant in the desert. The egg fried rice is my favorite along with the sesame chicken. The chicken has always been cooked to perfection, never dry. My boyfriend loves the Mongolian beef. We've also tried the Kung pao and garlic chicken. All excellent choices. The mixed egg drop and wonton soup is especially good from here. Would definitely recommend.
4	Finally something comparable to the east coast style Chinese food. I'm from NJ and this is the only good Chinese I've had so far. I had the classic General Tsao's chicken. Mmm mmm good. The egg rolls and cream cheese wonton are awesome!
4	I have ordered both take out and dined in, never any issues and always yummy! Cream cheese wontons
1	RIP OFF!!!!! Prices online are not correct and the management/owner does not accept the online prices... I paid $12 more than posted on line,,,, and to add to it my order was wrong!!  NEVER EVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!!
4	Their stuffs pretty good :) removed one star though because they decreased the amount wings they have per order and upped the price a bit. I was utterly upset. The salt and pepper chicken wings are to die for though. They're huge!
3	First couple of visits the food was delicious. Last visit the chicken wings were all pink inside the coating. Now I'm afraid to return. So sad. It was good.
2	Their food is okay, not as flavorful as I'd hoped. Most of the people working there just seemed bored. It was kind of awkward. I usually just order food to-go from there, haven't experienced much inside, so decided to check it out. They had some sort of war history show on the TV, seeing death and destruction doesn't make things very appetizing. They were playing karaoke music (without any lyrics or anyone singing) so it was interesting to hear "My Heart Will Go On" on an electronic keyboard. And my fortune cookie had no fortune in it! (how unfortunate)Other than that, it was just an "okay" experience. Service was okay, food was okay, but I've had better.
2	Service was rude felt rushed no one in the restaurant had 3 shrimps in my Szechwan shrimp.  Lunch special. Food tasted like frozen chinese TV dinner.   Dry and saltyDo not recommend this place at all.   You buy and they don't come back to ask how anything is.  Which tells me that they already know!
1	Below average for sure. The only thing memorable about thing place was how much of a rush our server was in to get us to order our lunch.Pei Wei box dinners from walmart are tastier. The wife got four pieces of shrimp in the Szechuan shrimp. My orange chicken seemed to have been frozen-fried and doused in a molasses and marmalade mix - yuck. The fried rice had 2 peas a one carrot chunk in it.Not even if I was starving would I come back!!!
5	Good food and large portions. My son and I ordered and we both are taking to go boxes. He had lemon chicken and I had kung pao chicken. We have been coming here for years with the entire family and always enjoy it.
1	Service is practically nonexistent. We went for lunch and the only server was on the phone. Restaurant is empty except for 2 other tables. We sat ourselves and got menus ourselves. Food is salty and not up to standard of any average Chinese restaurant. This will be our first and last visit. Not recommended.
4	I came upon this place on a reference from a friend. I'm glad I did! Upon entering the Restaraunt, the decor is distinctly eastern, which is nice. The staff seats you quickly, and even though I was obtaining a to-go order, I was offered a table.I ordered the chicken fried rice, the chicken chow-mein, orange chicken, and some wanton soup. The fried rice was cooked to perfection, and the vegetables still had some bite to them (read: NOT mushy). The chow-mein was really good, and the orange chicken is some of the best I had ever had. The wonton soup was quite good, and I even ate some as leftovers the next day. The woman who assisted me with my order was polite and offered good suggestions as to their menu. I would definitely recommend this place as a good Chinese Restaraunt, and I will most definitely be back!
3	The food is decent for the price. The taste and quality are on par. The service however is very slow. Don't visit this restaurant if you are on a time constraint (before a show, etc).
1	First off, this menu on Yelp is fake. The restaurant didn't put this menu up, and they don't have a website with a menu either. They got one of our orders wrong, forgot an order, forgot utensils, and the chicken curry tasted like it was wasabi/spicy mustard sauce that burned the hell out of my nostrils. They did get the food to us within 40 mins, but we are still quite disappointed.
2	Not impressed. Food was mediocre at best. Not much flavor. I had the beef with mushrooms but there were hardly any mushrooms in it. Lots of other veggies in my dish tho. My sister had orange chicken and had only 2 bites. Said it wasn't good and asked if I wanted some but I passed after seeing the grimace on her face.
