4	Awesome. That's what this museum is. Awesome architecture, awesome collection, awesome staff. 3 levels of gallery - largest on the 4th floor, smaller rooms on the 3rd and 2nd. Open, clean, airy gallery space. Polished concrete floors give a nice shine as you glance down. If you're a quick visitor, you'll be done in under an hour. If you grab some (free, currently) headphones and listen to the audio tour, it'll take you closer to two.The collection is informed by the Bechtler's taste so there's an autobiographical feel happening (which I tend to like). They liked books and sketchbooks - there are a number of them. A few prints here and there but paintings were far more prevalent. The Warhol family portrait made me giggle. Interesting sculptures, some good, some mediocre. Most interesting part of this collection, for me, are the tapestries. Painting-sized weavings hung or draped, attributed to a variety of modernists (Miro, Picasso, etc). I'd never seen this style of art in a permanent collection before, amidst large, more conventional paintings, and was fascinated. I don't know how I feel about them hanging side-by-side with other flat works - they appeal more to the craft side of my brain and require a different reading. But still, awesome.For 8 bucks and discounted parking, this is a rad way to spend a few hours. The store's a little tiny but there's some interesting wares, jewelry, MoMA design objects. Cafe looks promising. The building is just gorgeous, a huge Sol Lewitt design lingering over the lobby. I can't wait to see what kind of exhibits this place attracts to CLT. Thanks, Bechtlers, for elevating the Art Museum scene in the Queen City to the next level. We needed it.
4	Let me first get this out of the way:  the collection at the Bechtler is rather small.  In that sense, I would call this museum almost a boutique.That being said, there are some phenomenal works of art in there.  The tapestries already got a shout out here on yelp, but I also found some of the metal sculptures captivating.Also extremely interesting are the pieces of correspondence and personal messages in some of the pieces to the Bechtler family.  This family was tight with some real movers and shakers in the art world, and it's interesting to see that relationship documented at various points during your visit.  That being said, I thought the commissioned Warhol screen print portraits of the Bechtler family in the lobby were tacky.  They had money to burn, so they got Andy Warhol to screen print a few photos of them in dayglo?  Kind of tacky and mundane.The REAL star at the Bechtler museum is the building itself.  The exterior of the building is one of the grandest sights in Charlotte, and the interior is very engaging, even though it has a relatively open and sunny floor plan.  It's a real joy to walk around, to stand on the sculpture patio on the second floor, and to think about being suspended over the vast empty space in front of the museum as you're taking in the top floor gallery.I'll be back, but I would love to see temporary exhibits come through to keep the crowds rolling in.  As it is, I don't know if the permanent collection is enough to inspire repeat visits or membership among the locals.
5	Even if the Bechtler didn't have art, I spent a lot of time, looking at the space itself, the stairwell, looking at the views of downtown Charlotte out of the windows.  Beautiful space and location.It's kind of hard to believe that a family owns all this art, amazing.  My absolute favorite piece was Pol Mara Nachtzug 1969. Go see her, she is beautiful..There is construction going on right now on the fourth floor, so the whole gallery isn't open, but you can peak through spaces in the walls.  I only got a little reprimanded for my camera by the security guy.  Doesn't he know I get that everywhere I go? Hey! You can't take photos in here..  Oh, yes I can!!! teeheeehee
4	I don't quite know what to say in reviewing a museum. To start with the simple stuff. It's easy to get to. Parking is convenient. The price is downright cheap. As I recall, our tickets were in the $8-$10 range. Hell, the NASCAR museum around the corner is easily double that. Heh. The building is gorgeous. Light, airy, clean lines. The warm colors remind you of Carolina clay, or, as some have suggested, sweet potatoes. Either way, the facility is modern while at the same time connected to North Carolina. But what about the art? The collection on display at any given time is not that big, but they make up for it in quality. Here's the highest praise I can give the Bechtler. I can't really say I've ever been into modern art. And even after going through it, it's still not a type of art that particularly appeals to me.  But I CAN honestly say that now I have an _appreciation_ for modern art. The exhibits help you understand what the artists was striving for and it was impressive. And that is exactly what you want to get out of any museum. So kudos to the folks who run the Bechtler.
4	It's so nice to finally see this end of uptown without all the construction going on!  I was so impressed by the new buildings and how much better this area looks and feels I would almost give it 4 stars without even stepping foot in the door.  However, the Bechtler's modern design and clean feel on the inside is just as impressive.I enjoy art but I'm not always good at understanding what the artist is trying to convey.  Fortunately this museum provides a free audio tour using a handheld device where you can just punch the exhibit number in and listen to a narrator explain the piece.  I found this very helpful because without it I would've been wandering around aimlessly and not getting anything out of my visit.Once I had a narrator telling me all about the exhibits I realized there was some pretty amazing artwork on display.  If you're planning on listening to every description the audio tour has to offer, prepare to spend a couple hours in this place.  The majority of the artwork is on display on the 4th floor.  This is a good place to start so you can pace yourself.  We started on the 2nd floor and worked our way up.  We spent so much unnecessary time on the 2nd and 3rd floors we were burned out by time we were halfway through the 4th floor.This is a great area of town to bring visitors and the $8 admission into the Bechtler is well worth the price.
4	My sister and I went here while we were waiting for our other sister (she is 21 and sleeps different hours then us!). I enjoyed this musuem. $8 admission, four floors of art, interesting layout of floors, and something for everyone. I felt the museum felt kind of on the new side of being built= meant to ask about that but never got around to it. I liked the open air feel of everywhere we went in the building especially the fourth floor.
4	Moma has me spoiled in the way of modern art but I had a nice time at Bechtler. They have works by Miro, Picasso and Warhol right here in Charlotte! The whole museum takes about an hour tops to walk- but prices are very reasonable $6 student discount $8 Regular. I would recommend this as an afternoon activity. As a few people mentioned the building itself is quite interesting so it's worth the time to check it out!
4	I was fairly unsure of what I would find inside the Bechtler, I knew I really wanted to see the School of Paris collection and to enjoy some jazz while I browsed - everything else was extra. And was I in for a surprise. As I walked through the first two floors, I was shocked by how small the rooms and displays were, the first holding a bit of history and background to the museum and family, the second mainly dedicated to a living room set-up (with beautiful designed pieces). But once I reached the third floor, the whole place opened up. The School of Paris exhibit is fairly extensive compared to the amount of room in here, and took over most of the floor, and then towards the end we entered a long room filled with pieces of Picasso, Miro, Warhol, and a beautiful Degas (among many others artists). Who knew?I think next time I'll do the audio tour, I feel like I could pull a lot more out of this small museum with it (just didn't really make sense with jazz playing). There are some great gems, and I can't wait to see the Niki de Saint Phalle pieces!
5	My first visit to this wonderful museum and I came away being SO impressed by the Bechtler family collection of art that is shared in this wonderful museum setting that is picture worthy all by itself!I met a fellow yelper who was already familiar with this wonderful museum and took what he calls the Sun Dial Tour...meaning we took our time listening to the commentary for some of our favorites (some more than once so that we could clarify our discussion about some of the pieces). Niki de Saint Phalle's pieces were without question my favorite including the huge Firebird that can be seen on the street to the lime green and black 'Nana' which I think is my favorite...something about the piece (and the others in the collection) being shared along with the  story behind it just struck a chord with me!  The collection is quite varied and I would definitely recommend it as a must see for everyone!A close second in terms of favorite would have to be the Miro 'artist's rag' that was gifted to the Bechtler family - the way it is displayed, the commentary on the audio tour and just the simple 'wow' factor behind the piece is worth the $8 admission in my opinion.The museum staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and we spent a few minutes discussing a piece with one attentive employee, collaborating on what each of us 'saw' portrayed in that particular work - a wonderful interaction with him and an addition to a great experience at the museum.I will definitely return to the museum in the future (maybe sooner than later to revisit some of my favorite pieces one more time!).  The Bechtler is a wonderful addition to the Charlotte community, my only regret is that it has taken me so long to visit before now!My best suggestion is plan to take your time, take the audio tour and take a friend to share this wonderful museum with!  You won't be sorry you did!
5	Six Yelp Stars!!!  *** ***My favorite Museum ANYWHERE!Jazz on Friday (7-1-11) "Ladies of Jazz" This was my 6th time at the Bechtler, Third time on a Friday night, Second time on a "Jazz Friday night" and first time by myself.  Viewing this Art mostly on the 4th floor while Jazz is playing on the first floor is my favorite way to enjoy this experience!I Love modern Art and the Bechtler displays great collections, though what I love as much is the incredible interior and exterior of this building - the inside Architecture is Awesome - Clean, white, straight lines and the huge interior  windows allow viewers to see other rooms and floors from many vantage points in the Museum! Currently the 4th floor is divided into five rooms and the current exhibit (Nikki De Saint Phalle) is using about half the space! The  Nikki De Saint Phalle exhibit "Creation of a New Mythology" shows her works and tells of her inspiration influenced by: Myth, Legend and personal Dreams and Visions.  Nikki is the Artist who designed the huge "Firebird" Mosaic Sculpture right outside the Bechtler and currently has more large sculpture across the street from the Bechtler.  Second to the "Firebird" I enjoys Nikki's small sketch type Etchings, my favorite is "Nana et Dragon"... I enjoy her influences of symbolism and depiction of femininity!Six Works by Jean Tinguely (Husband and Creative Collaborator to Nikki De Saint Phalle) very colorful paintings on cardboard, one obviously painted on an unfolded box (maybe a pie box).Many other Artworks in the Museum, my favorites:  Two Andy Warhol's (one of Marilyn Monroe and the other is the Bechtler family).  American Artist Mark Toby, Joan Miro (Toile dechiree) (get the audio commentary on this one - once you hear the story of how the Bechtlers acquired this one you may want to study it more closely), Drawings and a bronze sculpture by Alberto Giacometti, Pablo Picasso (Woman with a Hat) and Max Ernst's very vibrant oil painting (Project for a Monument to W.C. Fields).    The Jazz is great and what I appreciate most being under its influence viewing Modern Art, is the hauntingly beautiful sounds of echos and vibrations the music and applause travels up the Stairwell, altered through the floors and glass!!!  Audience Applause sounds like the Ocean (remember they are performing on the 1st floor and I'm on the 4th floor)!Beautiful Gift Shop is small though the openness makes it feel larger.
4	Only $8 for a really neat museum in an AMAZING building?  Sign me up!I really enjoyed perusing the collection - very thought provoking pieces, and the little audio guide was easy to use and provided lots of interesting insight.  We had tons of fun taking pictures with the sculptures outside too :)
5	Groupon lured me into this art paradise and I got to experience Niki de Saint Phalle's Creation of a New Mythology.  I wish photography was allowed- I would have gone crazy.  The walkie talkie tour guide was incredibly helpful since art is not my forte.Don't forget to interact with Niki's work on the lawn across the street.  There is a gigantic mosaic skull where pictures are allowed.  Woohoo!
4	I love a good exhibit and the touring exhibit from Niki de Saint Phalle was not a disappointment. The works were in all different media with some having moving parts. The art is joyful, bright and whimsical. I really enjoyed it. I didn't know that their static works included Picasso, Miro, Calder and Warhol. I loved it. Being from Chicago, I missed the Art Institute their and their extensive collection but this gave me the taste of art I was hungering for. It didn't disappoint. I did use the audio guide that they offered and it certainly helped me appreciate the works even more. I would highly recommend this quick stop. The museum doesn't have a huge collection but it is well worth the visit.
4	Yesterday was my first visit to Bechtler & I was just in awe of the building itself. Like Tonya, I love the layout, the outside, the inside, the stairwell...& the cute little cafe & "souvenir" shop.  While the Bechtler has really only 2.5 floors of gallery space, it has the potential to pack in a lot of art.  The details are stunning...bright white ceilings, walls, natural light, the logo, the cute little metal "button" you get for admission, the audio tour (nice little handheld device you punch in the numbers of certain displays to hear more details).The admission is small at $8.00 for adults & they do offer student discounts with ID. Currently, they're doing "Jazz @ the Bechtler every first Friday night...I need to get there for one of those events.
1	To be fair, I moved here from Los Angeles, so when I go to an art museum, I expect it to be a MUSEUM. This is like going to someone's very modern house, and they happen to have a few art pieces. Nothing special...lesser Miro, Warhol and Picasso pieces, one fairly nice Ernst. REALLY a waste of time unless you have NOTHING to do and money burning a hole in your pocket. You can do the whole thing in 20 minutes, and I'm adding in the 'waiting for the elevator' time as well.
3	This museum has some interesting pieces, but it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be. This museum has four floors, but the first three have only a a few pieces on each floor.  The fourth floor is really where most of the pieces are found.  My baby brother and I went when they had the Niki de Saint Phalle exhibit, which had quite a large collection of her works.  They look up most of the fourth floor with that exhibit, which was quite cool.  The guided tour was quite helpful, really giving insight into her life and her work.  They also had some fun sculptures outdoors that you can pose with (which, of course, I did).  They also have some Andy Warhol paintings and some very interesting European art.The building design itself was quite interesting and unique.  They also offer a small gift shop and cafe, if you're into that sort of thing.  The regular admission is $8, but you can get discounts for students (even college students), groups, and seniors.  My big complaint is this place is quite small.  I didn't expect it to be as big as the Art Institute of Chicago, by any means, but it sure didn't take more than a couple of hours to get through all the exhibits, even with the audio tour.  All in all, it's a cute museum with some great pieces and interesting exhibits.
4	If you're looking for an hour or so to kill, check out this compact museum. And do get the free audio tour. It's worth it and informative. Admission is a bit steep at 8.00 for adults, but if you're an educator, there's a 25% discount. I like discounts. :)As others have already stated, there really are only 2.5 floors of exhibits. But the art will keep you busy for at least an hour. While some people have commented on the smallness of the museum, this could also be considered its strength. You get a nice taste for what is mid-century modern without getting overwhelmed with artists' names, titles, and movements. There are really some interesting pieces. And who knew that Picasso painted tapestries? Before you hit the bookstore, take a bathroom break. The stalls are ultra modern and reflect the style and holdings of the museum itself. Nice touch.
3	Located in downtown Charlotte, The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art offers a place to view the Bechtler Family's modern art collection. Before walking in, you are taken aback by the beauty of the building. The Bechtler Museum building itself is art. Colorful, grand, and unparalleled the outside of this building sets a very quality tone and ensures that you are in the right place. Once inside, you are greeted by a cafe, gift shop, and a counter to pay for entry. The cost to enter range from $4 - $8. The staff was helpful and you do get a complementary audio guide with the purchase of your ticket. In the lobby there was also a series of family portraits of the Bechtler's done by Andy Worhol and the results of the North Carolina Google Doodle contest. Both were interesting to view. Personally, I was shocked with the size of the collection and museum space. Since the building seems so big from the outside, I was expecting a significant collection. However, once you get inside and view the collection you are thrown a loop at what all of the space is actually used for. Overall, the collection is smaller but significant for a city the size of Charlotte. If you are looking to fill free time this is a nice museum. However, if you must choose between this and the Mint, I would suggest choosing the Mint.
4	Go Charlotte! Love this museum. Such a treat. Six bucks for a nice modern art museum, with free audio guides? You can't beat that. I spent time on the 4th and 3rd floors, which had some nice exhibits on the stuff that the Bechtler family owned. The family also has a set of portraits made by Andy Warhol. Man, talk about being made of money. And talk about sellout artists :)Anyhoo, I am a fan and I will be back when I'm back in Charlotte.
4	An exciting, vibrant addition to the Uptown cultural offerings! I finally made it by and was pleasantly surprised.Before you even walk in, stand back and really take a look at the building. The architectural design is modern art in and of itself, and impressively designed. The building is a uniquely shaped amber cube with horizontal lines that supports itself, with a ground floor under only 3/4 of the structure. Inside is equally interesting, with the stair wells, the floor-to-ceiling windows that look out over the lobby, and the smart use of expansive negative space found in the large white walls.The collections are truly thought-provoking and cover all areas of art since the early 1900s: drawing, painting, sculpture, furniture and industrial design, fiber arts, and architecture. Don't miss the second floor terrace containing larger pieces and an incredible view of The Green across the street.Make it by for their jazz nights, as well, to check out the event space available. It might be a smaller museum, but it is certainly full of beauty and a needed fixture in the Charlotte art scene.
4	Pretty nice if small modern art museum and architecturally somewhat intereresting. The restrooms have a cool design. It only takes about an hour to look at everything but at $8 it is relatively reasonable. I saw the Giacometti exhibit here it was quite well arranged and documented. Be sure to walk out on the second floor balcony to check out the sculptures there and the view of the immediate area of downtown
1	What a waste of time... And space...  Actually a waste of 1 hour... I brought two friends visiting from London to the Bechtler. We were excited to see the exhibits... We assumed there would be a fairly large exhibit space... Based on the amount of unused space in the lobby... An abandoned cafe... A corded off area to line up for tickets... A ticket/info desk that seats four people... A shop that contains only a few interesting items... WTF! Together, the 2nd and 3rd floors' exhibit space is the size of the abandoned cafe... It's poorly designed and poorly utilized. Don't waste your hour.  BTW: only the top floor contained art worth displaying... The rest aren't even worthy of hanging behind the door in the bathroom of your guest suite... That includes the Warhol Factory portraits in the lobby.
4	Really enjoyed my visit to the Bechtler MoMA. The guy working the desk and I had a funny conversation while I waited for the rest of my group to wrap it up at the end of our visit. He's the nicest.I was a little bummed because the 2nd floor was closed off for the installation of an exhibition. Boo-urns, was hoping to check out the entire place. However, the 'artists who influenced each other' main exhibit was really fantastic. This was a nice stop on my trip to Charlotte and really I wish I had more time to spend at the museums there. Glad this one was on the list!Minor notes: great that they recycle the guest buttons and the gift shop was really cute. They also offer free audio guides to the exhibits which were pretty good based on the comments of the rest of my party (I didn't use one personally).
2	Maybe we didn't go in with the right expectations.  Visiting from Raleigh, I guess we expected something more along the lines of our art museum.  For $8 each for 2 adults, luckily free for the 6 & 2 year old (who slept most of the time), I thought there would be more to see.  We did really appreciate the audio tour, once we figured out how to use it!  Were there instructions we didn't get to see?!  Our 6 year old liked the bingo card game to spot different views of exhibit pieces.The top floor, the main exhibit area, was promising.  Spare, as I expected a modern art museum to be, but plenty to see.  We moved on, expecting more of the same on the 3rd and 2nd floor.  Nope.  Next to nothing on each floor, and nothing all that interesting.  The gift shop on the first floor was nice.  The mirrored bird sculpture out front was nice.  Overall, not worth a return trip.
5	I am not sophisticated enough to really review a museum but here goes!!!  This is what i know FO SHO:  The architecture of this building is stunning.  The enchanting exterior draws you in to a huge multi-level atrium.  What a perfect setting for a modern art gallery.  Plan to stay for a few hours - it is open every day but Tuesday.  There is a small fee for adult non-members.  Membership isn't too expensive if you are thinking about joining and there are a lot of perks.  The museum itself is a delight - I always start at the top and work my way down each level.  There is an outdoor patio area with artwork where you can also look down onto Tryon - love it!Love this place and can't wait to go again!!
3	Perhaps if I hadn't visited the Mint Museum immediately before my visit to Bechtler, I would have been more blown away.  Alas... eh.  I had parked in the Duke Energy deck and had my parking validated during my Mint Museum visit.  My adult non-member charge was $8, where I was offered the complimentary audio recording to take along with me.I am not an artist, or a follower of the arts, I just wanted to take a day to tour uptown and see what my city has to offer.  Like some other reviewers, after seeing the outside of the building, I prepared myself for what I thought would be an afternoon of gazing at amazing artwork.  I think I was in and out in about 30 minutes, and I spent a good portion of my time in the museum store.  Because I like more traditional art, I didn't take a great deal of time to read about the works and their creators, I kind of just breezed through.It is a lovely building and if you are a modern art lover, this is a must-see for you.  Apparently there are some major works within these walls and shouldn't be missed.
1	Really poor customer service. Especially not very military friendly. They are supposed to offer free admission to active military and family members as part of the Blue Star Museums Program from Memorial Day to Labor Day, but when I showed them I was military, they gave me a Student discount.Thank goodness for the Mint Museum, who told me to return to Bechtler to get a refund. When I brought my receipt back and explained the misunderstanding, they made us step aside to serve others before addressing my issue. The front desk service was extremely curt and not apologetic at all about the mistake.The Mint Museum next door had been so appreciative that they extended my admission special not only for my family, but for my one guest as well. Bechtler Museum refused to acknowledge my guest as part of the special program even though they didn't even remember the Blue Star Museums program until we showed it to them on their own flyer.
5	If you do not like, or do not know much about 20th Century art, this might not be the place for you. However, if you do enjoy 20th Century art, the Bechtler is one of Charlotte's gems! Take your time, enjoy each work of art and most of all, don't forget to appreciate the architecture!
4	We were surprised the museum was closed on Tuesday, we did get to see the sculpture outside, sometimes it's best to go to the actual website of the place of interest and not rely on the city's Tourism Site.
3	The building's architecture is beautiful inside and out... and I absolutely love the Firebird statue out front. The downside is that the museum is on the small side and a bit sparse. But, they do have a variety of art - including architectural sketches, a couple of lamps & furniture pieces, tapestries, oil paintings, prints, bronzes, sketch books, a nice alabaster, and some cool outdoor garden art out on the patio.  Lots of 1960's modern art.Don't get me wrong, I appreciate that the art they have is unique and worthy of a museum,  but it doesn't take long to get through the whole place.  Unless they host visiting exhibitions, I don't think I will be going back anytime soon.
4	We enjoyed the architecture exhibit on the 4th floor, but that is almost all there is. The amount of art and sculpture displayed in the 2nd and 3rd floors is negligible. We took our time and looked at every piece in detail, and we were still done in a little over an hour. Fortunately we found a groupon for 4 adults for $16. Overall a nice experience in a beautiful space, but try to find a ticket deal before you go.
3	Compared to other museums in Charlotte, ths one is kind of disappointing. The building makes it look huge, but the collections inside leave much to be desired and are sparsely placed. I took all my time to see the entire museum. I was done in less than 40 minutes.There is potential for a great museum. But whoever takes care of it needs to step up the collection.
3	Review of the event "Jazz at the Bechtler"The AOK is for the music itself. Amazing band.I don't want to be a downer, but the set up of this event is the oddest thing I have ever seen. They featured gypsy jazz - amazing music - full of life and vigor and soul - then had everyone sitting is stuffy rows with a few reserved tables at the front.I guess I will never understand the kind of people who want to hear music that was pulled from the souls of the traveler, the hobo, the bohemian while sitting perfectly still and emotionless during the entire thing.I love ballet, the opera, live theater etc - but when it comes to music, can we get a little dancing room, please.I guess this is the Angelino in me and maybe the Southern audience is more into this sort of set up. I love venues where they play jazz and have room for dancing, lounge areas for sitting, tables for having a bite to eat etc...Also, they were serving SOUP as a food offering.  That was also rather odd. It was a warm day and all the people stuffed shoulder to shoulder in folding chairs - then soup on top of that? Just rather odd.Some lady in front of us kept giving us the evil eye because we were apparently enjoying the music too much and dancing in our seats. My advice if the owners ever read this is choose the event set up inline with the music you are featuring. The age range of the audience was on the plus 60 side, but perhaps you could offer a late edition that takes away those folding chairs and allows people to really enjoy the music in the setting in which it was created.Of course, this is the problem with a lot of art galleries in general - art is usually created in a messy, boho space - then displayed in a sterile, clean modern space...  removing is creator from the creation...  I think it would be truly cutting edge to see music, art, dance ... in a setting more akin to it's birth... that would be very cool.
4	Great way to spend a couple hrs and seeing some really intriguing work. The space is a little on the small side for a museum/gallery, but the building is still a interesting structure.We went when they had a architecture gallery at the top level. The work was very interesting, I wished that they would provide away to get more info on the works (pamphlets or audio clips).  Because one of the museum workers gave us a good description of the history of one of the works and it made us appreciate it more. They rest of levels are small and host the standard works.Go give it a shot .
3	I went here using a Groupon to see the Mario Botta exhibit.  The museum was designed by Mario so it was neat to see some of his other works.The museum is pretty small, with most of the items on the fourth floor and only a small amount on the second and third floors.There is a video playing on the second floor which shows about how the museum was built and their most famous piece  - The Disco Chicken.  I liked seeing behind the scenes into the museum, I've always wondered who placed all those statues and now I know.  It was a neat museum, just very small.
3	Like most museums in Charlotte, the Bechtler is not large - a fact made more apparent by the layout, a large atrium area, and lots of whitespace on the walls. You can make it through in no time flat, even if you spend a good amount of time on each exhibit.While the building itself is nice to look at, there are clean lines within, the artwork is an impressive collection (especially when you consider the vast majority of it at one time belonged to one person!), it is probably not something you would travel a great distance to visit.The contents are definitely modern art, echoing the building itself - and you can certainly spend some time admiring the collection, but there just isn't a lot of it to see - or perhaps there is, but you can see it rather quickly because of the layout. Whatever the case, the building itself, and the Firebird (even available on Twitter @thediscochicken) may be the best things to see.Rather than spending the admission fee (currently $8), a better deal is available if you are a Bank of America cardholder on the first weekend of every month - you get in free (one admission per card). Sure, it's only $8, but it's better than nothing.
4	The place has beautiful gardens and a mix of art and open spaces. You can easily spend half day walking across the areas and expositions, have lunch at the cafe with an amazing view of the city. They have several sculptures inside and outside and a lot of space for the kids to play. Besides all of this, it is free (you only pay for parking which is about 15 USD).
5	We visited the museum on a Saturday around 6 pm the museum is open lat on Saturday nights, but unbeknownst to us they had a live concert at 6:30 which made getting to the museum more crowded. The museum sits atop a hill with sweeping views of NC. You can take a tram or walk to the top. The museum itself is free, there is also a free audioguide as well. We saw Van Gogh's irises as well as several other Impressionist pieces. Walking around the museum which is composed of several travertine marble buildings was incredible. Hard to imagine that this was JP Bechtler Museum of Modern Art personal collection. Do not miss it.
5	Amazing place to visit during your holiday in NC. Bechtler Museum of Modern Art offers different experience that any other museum can't offer. The train to and from the museum was magnificent and already offer beautiful scenery. The museum itself has fantastic architecture, beautiful gardens, and vast art collection. However, there are not much varieties regarding the food on the cafeteria but still great place to visit.
4	A small museum with good quality art.  It took my aunt and me an hour to go through.  There isn't much permanent art at the museum.   The visiting art is what will make or break the visit.  The firebird statue outside is a great picture opportunity.
2	The modern art need more illustration for visitors to understand and the space is not well used. It can be more abundant. There is a whole floor is introducing the firebird, but no exact place was listed it had been displayed.
5	Having watched the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art be built, I feel like I know it very well. It is a really fabulous museum, with wonderful collections and special exhibits. We go sometimes just to walk around the gardens, enjoy the view and have lunch. Parking is $15 but the museum is free, so you can take the whole family and there is something for everyone to do. Great kids programs-mine are too old now, but I see children running around very happily. I highly recommend the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, for a couple of hours or an entire day, it is well worth it.
4	I have now been to Bechtler Museum of Modern Art 3 times once with my ex (not my ex at the time) once alone and once with my stepdaughter who is 10 (the most recent trip). Bechtler Museum of Modern Art does not disappoint no matter who you hang out with there. There are so many things to see whether it is canvas art or textiles, sketch work, gardens, sculpture. The only thing I really do not like about the center is the food court. The food is simply sub par (think school cafeteria) and very expensive. However if you bring a sandwich and drinks you can eat well for much less! It is peaceful and beautiful all around you're high in the hills but no worry the tram brings you up there. The parking is easy underneath however the outside areas of Bechtler Museum of Modern Art are super hot during the summer months. Still overall it is a wonderful experience for most ages.
