4	This is a great new place. Their red sauce and meatballs are to die for. The staff is also great - they kept the restaurant open extra time after close just to allow me to pickup takeout and then carried it to my car :) WOW! I'll defiantly go back soon. Thanks Meatballz
3	I have to agree that the meatballs and sauce are very good. The rest...I had a meatball and pepperoni calzone which was good, but had less cheese (especially ricotta) than I expected and had the doughiest crust I've ever had in a calzone. Really needs more of a crispy crust to give it the right texture.My girlfriend had the meatball and pepperoni pizza which she said was OK, but didn't seem to have the right kind of cheese on it. It appeared to have both mozzerella and ricotta. She's not a big fan of ricotta, so it was a bit of a turn off for her.Good and quick service and a nice clean place. We'll be back to try other dishes, especially the meatball hero.
4	I couldn't wait to taste these ballz! (That's what she said!)Everyone at work has been talking about these amazing balls. I've been waiting to try it out too but the lunch traffic around this area is a total turn off. Bring a gun with you so you can shoot all the idiots in the parking lot.The place was busy and the menu was pretty much a translation of 101 ways to eat a meatball. Meatball and spaghetti, meatball and penne, meatball and meatball... you get the drift.I decided to try a classic: the spaghetti and meatball. If you screw this up, I ain't comin' back! Well they didn't! I got my spaghetti quick, even before I had a chance to fill my drink cup. I like that the spaghetti is served in a ceramic bowl and it comes two delicious butter rolls. These were the best part.The spaghetti was spot on. Tasted homemade and the balls were moist, firm and muy delicioso. Everyone at my lunch table enjoyed their lunch too. The sliders looked awesome and at a great price. 4 meatball sliders for about $5. I had my eye on a couple things so I will definitely be back for more ballz!
4	I had meatballs with penne pasta. It was tasty. The side salad was okay, the balsamic dressing was good. The rolls serviced with the pasta was a little over cooked or stale. Overall and good experience. But Nicoli's is better....
3	I had been wanting to go to Meatballzzzzz for quite some time.  You have to say it that way, with a really long, over-enunciated z at the end.  We go to the Pick Up Stix next door quite often, and the name of the place next door just made me giggle!Finally we went and grabbed some takeout one night.  I ordered what I figured would be their specialty, you know spaghetti with meatballzzzzzzz.  It came with a few garlic knots as well.  I ate the garlic knots in the car, and they were actually really good.  Well, some of them were.  The ones that for some reason or another were missing the garlic were just blah.  The spaghetti itself was cooked surprisingly perfect al dente.  The sauce wasn't anything special and was a bit watery, perhaps because they stuck the spaghetti in before it drained all the way.  The meatballzzzzzz i actually liked a lot.  They were tender and meaty and had a good flavor to them.Next time I am feeling like cheap "Italian" food, like pasta with white sauce since the husband won't make it for me, I think I might give this place another shot.
3	I had been waiting forever to eat here.  I came to this location based on the acclaim the Northsight location received.  I was a bit disappointed.  This isn't a New Jersey-style Italian Deli as much as a franchise in the beginning stages.I had half a Meatball Hero.  I asked the (very friendly) gal behind the register if I should get a whole or a half sandwich.  She said, "depends on how hungry you are."  I say, get a whole.  Don't bother with the half.  You don't even have to worry about looking like a pig if you get a whole.  Forget about the half, unless you're a child.The half was small.  It was 5 inches long and not the stuffed full sandwich I was expecting.  What I did have was OK, though.  The roll was outstanding.  The sauce and meatball were acceptable.I went with two friends.  One got an Eggplant Parm Hero half and the other, Manicotti.  The Eggplant Parm was the same as the Meatball.  It was good but small, again.  My friend who ordered the Manicotti liked it but I didn't taste any myself.In the end, I left hungry and $7.00 poorer.  For the extra $2 to make my half a whole, my experience would have been a lot better, I think.  Either way though, I don't think I'll be returning to Meatballz.  I'd give it 2 1/2 stars if I could.
4	Meatballz has become a daily stop for me lately.  It's the only place around I can get a reasonably priced lunch salad that's fresh and delicious!  The Italian dishes look and smell amazing but I've been sticking to salads lately so that's all I've had, but I'm sure I will try other things eventually.  Their tuna salad is probably one of the best I've ever had.
4	Went to this place about a week ago with a gf and her daughter just to try it out. Did not really get to much because I  was not that hungry but will say this about the place, it was clean the staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and the bits and pieces I did try from picking at my friends food was good. Definitely willing to give it another shot and try out the menu a bit more.This is more like fast food Italian food than a sit down place. Price was descent and quality was good. Need further review.
4	If you're in need of a good sandwich definitely treat yourself to this spot. Great selection of both cold and hot subs, that are far more satisfying than a regular Subway sandwich. I have only tried the hot subs, but have seen the cold subs being prepared and they look nothing short of delicious. My favorite is the hot Chicken Parm, but I'm biased towards anything chicken. Last Sunday I tried the house famous meatball sub and it was great!!! Dine in or take out, they even offer free delivery for any order over $20, so long as you are in the delivery area, which I am fortunate to be in. Give Meatballz a visit, they have 4 locations!
4	Just the place for a hearty Italian deli meal when you're really hungry- which I was when I came here after Saturday swim practice. Clean and bright area, fast and friendly service, comfortable and spacious seating. The meatball sub was quite good - rich marinara sauce, tender juicy meatballs, topped with melted cheese. The piping hot pasta fagiole was a tasty starter which was generous enough to be a meal by itself, especially with the tender garlic rolls that come with the soup. I'm eager to try the pastas and other sandwiches in their menu, so this is going to be a favored stop during my future trips to the Camelback Colonnade.
2	Went with my mom, we were really excited to try this new place out.  Nothing was exactly bad, but nothing was very good, either.  Uninspired salad, mediocre meatball sandwich, ok Italian beef sandwich.  The guy at the counter was nice, though.  I will probably not return.
3	I love pasta, but I often find I have trouble paying more than a few bucks for it, especially when I can buy and prepare it myself for a fraction of the price.  That said, I stopped in to Meatballz today for lunch.  Meatballz catered a meeting at the office a few months back and I remember liking what I tried (cheese ravioli, I believe).The lunch rush was over when we arrived and we were able to walk right up to the counter to order.  The girl taking orders was friendly and greeted us right away but seemed confused when my friend and I insisted on ordering and paying separately, and was especially confused when my friend ordered a 20oz bottle of soda in addition to his fountain drink.  We paid, filled our drinks, and sat down.The small shop was very clean and pretty comfortable.  The music playing over the loudspeakers wasn't too loud or too soft.  Yay for that!  We waited just a few minutes before our meals were brought out.  My friend ordered the eggplant parm sub and I ordered the penne with two meatballs.  Both portions were huge and piping hot.  I was pleased with the flavor of the sauce and the meatballs.  The pasta was a bit mushier than I enjoy and definitely nowhere close to al dente.  Also included were two small rolls - "garlic knots" I believe.  They were not very good at all; the texture was off and there wasn't much flavor, garlic or otherwise.  My friend said he enjoyed his sandwich and would be back to enjoy another.At $11 and change (including tip), I won't be enjoying Meatballz with any regularity, but when I'm in the mood for a meal that doesn't taste or feel like a fast food meal, I will definitely stop in.
4	As I write this review, I am steadily falling into a meatball food coma. It has been a few years since I went to their old Scottsdale location and seeing the fantastic photography on the front of their take-out menu was enough to suck me in today. It has been at least a year or so since I have had a meatball sub, but theirs looked SO good! I guess I am sucker for advertising. Truth be told, though, it was very good. There seemed an endless supply of meatballs in my 10 inch sub (I gave my 3 year old a quarter of it, so I am not a total pig!). Cue in the juvenile snickers from my husband when I told him I ate about 7 inches of the sub. The sub was a little too saucy for me, but not enough to prevent me from ordering it again. I am sooo looking forward to trying this location's stuffed pasta and hope it is as good as when I used to go!
4	so let me start by saying that I'm ashamed that I like a somewhat chain restaurant with a Z instead of an S. All that aside, I really dug my meal. I went for the carb free meal, 3 meatballs with sauce, mozarella and a side salad. Healthy? no. Carb free, yes. There's something so simple and inviting about some pretty good meatballs, better than decent sauce and a well put together side salad. I went for the creamy Italian dressing, again not healthy but the salad was great. Now I did just come from the gym so I was pretty starving, let's see if I enjoy it that much next time when I wasn't wanting to chew on my arm en route...
4	So we went back and I got the same meal. I just HAD to know if it was good or I was just starving on our last trip. My meal was every bit as good this time as it was last time, score! Now being Sicilian, I know this isn't authentic Italian but they're not trying to be. Hell, they spell their name with a friggin z for crimminy sakes (Sp?) If you're looking for a cool little spot to get some meatballs, a meatball sub or some quick past, this place is it. Sure beats the badooky out of Fazzolis..ickey
5	I stopped in today after a marathon Last Chance run to check the place out and try a salad. I had seen a picture of their anitpasto salad somewhere before and have been dying to try it. Got the full salad, not half and plus a drink the total was just $10 something. When the salad came out- I did a little happy dance in my seat! It was loaded with all kinds of goodies (which is how I prefer my salads to be). There were cheese tortellini's, marinated mushrooms and peppers, artichoke hearts, mozzarella chunks, ham-provolone-salami twists, olives, tomatoes, red onion- omg I'm getting dizzy-----It was incredible! I chose the balsamic dressing (which was marvelous!) but there were several other kinds to choose from. The only thing that I could think of to add to this salad would be boiled egg slices. I saw that they have them on the menu on other salads, so next time I will request them.For un-salad-y people, they have pasta, sandwiches, calzones and sasuage wraps as well. Those will go over well when I bring my sweetie to Meatballz. Anyway- I am sooo glad I wandered into Meatballz today because I have found my new favorite salad! Supposedly one is set to open in Desert Ridge soon so I will be anxiously awaiting its arrival!
5	I love this place! This was my second visit, and although I want to try other things, I can't help but order the meatball sliders!! Deeee-lish!! The place is clean and the young people that work here are super friendly. I just moved around the corner, and this is one of my new favorites!! Gotta love the Meatballz!!
