5	I LOVE chain hotels.  I love chain hotels because as much as I'm willing to try new things, I'm a bit apprehensive when you start messing around with my ability to get a good night's sleep.  I'm cranky and unpleasant enough even when I'm not exhausted; I don't need help!So I'm very pleased to report that No 53 Frederick had accommodations that were better and more spacious than the typical chain, but with the friendliness you hope for from a B&B.  We had a blast during our stay here.  The innkeepers were friendly and helpful, the room was clean, airy and spacious, and the location is within easy walking distance of everything touristy in town.  Breakfast was excellent as well; they contract breakfast out with a restaurant next door to the building, so you get real food and not a random guy cooking over a four-burner stove.  I still look back fondly on my whole fish (head and all) I got to eat to start my day.  (I don't think my wife was as enamored.)Of the many places in the UK we stayed on our last trip, this one was the best.  It's good to know that when I return to Edinburgh (and I will most definitely be back, it's AWESOME), I don't have to wonder about where I'll be staying.
5	I stayed here with my boyfriend for two nights, enjoying a weekend in Edinburgh. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and David gave us a great quick explanation on the places to visit around the city, along with a handy city map. They had no problem with us checking in a bit earlier than expected. The location is a stone's throw away from the main attractions and has a nice choice of pubs and restaurants quite close (I personally recommend The Dogs, The Queens Arms and Eteaket). The bedroom was also lovely, the bed was comfortable and the boiler with tea and coffee to brew in the bedroom was a nice touch to warm our bones from the nice Edinburgh weather.There's a common living room with books and DVDs. You can take the DVDs to your room, where you have a DVD player.The breakfast was served at the next-door restaurant: Rick's, and while the food was good, the service on one of the days was a bit shabby. We had to wait a lot for our order and half of it was forgotten, the staff seemed like they were having a collective bad day. It's not the best choice if you want to grab something quickly and be on your way to explore the city.Anyway, I'd totally recommend this place and I'll definitely stay here again when going back to Edinburgh. It's very good value for money and a pleasant experience.A bit off-topic: If you love cats - like me - you'll be delighted to know Tessa has a beautiful big cat that you can sometimes spot at her office or around the reception.
