5	DB's Sports Grill is under new management and I think you will love the new atmosphere with great food and cold drinks.  We also have the PAC 12 network for those that want to watch PAC 12 action!  Come check us out!
5	I have yet to get a bad meal, or a messed up order from this place. Great food and staff, and yes Friday nights are PACKED, but with good reason... I mean, you don't get packed, or have return patrons time and time again if service and food is subpar.Since under new management from the old "Desert Babes" last year, the owner has whipped this place into shape.
4	This place has done a complete 180! Bubba is doing a great job of making the customers feel important and trying hard to get more people in the door. The specials are great and I look forward to any other changes management has in place. I've heard talks of shuffleboard :)
5	Found this place accidentally. I was out looking for a good bar when I happened to see the sign off of Higley and the 60. There were a few guys outside on the patio, and several people inside. This is a sports bar, so there are TVs everywhere and a pool table. I went to the bar and ordered a Rum and Coke and a plate of sliders. Both were awesome and since it was Happy Hour the prices were even better.I met the owner, Bubba and we talked for a while. He is a very nice, endearing guy. He wants his customers to let him know what can be improved or what you like about the place. He's owned it now for about 4 months. I'm going back for sure.
5	Awesome atmosphere, friendly staff and great service.  The owner Bubba introduced himself and made me feel welcomed.  Compared to many bars I've been to this placed is well staffed; I always have a full drink.  Try the deep fried pickles, they are really good!
4	Found this place on yelp trying to find decent late night dinner. Called first and woman on the phone was very friendly! Stopped in @10:30pm on a Tuesday and received great service, great food and an awesome crown and seven! It was my first time and CiCi the bartender recommended the burger and she was spot on. 1/2 lb. burger cooked to your liking. It was juicy, well cooked and flavorful. The owner, Bubba was very amiable. I will be back. Oh did I mention that my perfectly cooked juicy 1/2 lb burger was only $5.00 during happy hour at 10:30pm. Yes!!
5	Hubby and I were looking online for a sports bar we hadn't been to before and that was close to home.  We are so glad we found DB's!  A lot of tv's, as well as pool tables and poker tables.  Both service and food were awesome!  We will be back soon!
1	They may have fixed their food and service now they need to work on the staff. OMG the gals are, for the lack of a better word, GROSS. I mean come in who's hiring them??
3	hamburger I ordered was the bbq burger, it was kinda plain no taste really except the bbq sauce.  The  fries were  kinda soft and not done.   Just a little seasoning would be great.   Beer was great though.   Friendly service.
1	Last time my husband and I were there, Ashley was our server. She was absolutely horrible. She was rude and had ZERO personality. She told us she forgot to place our order. She kept asking if we were ready for our check.  She either needs more training or a rehab session. DB's is awesome, as long as she isn't waiting on you!
1	Horrible food. Our chicken cheese steak sandwich was tasteless.. The added store bought potato chips were also a big let down. Ate half our food and went somewhere else for a real dinner.
3	Dive bar-esque but not... The ideal place to grab a cold pint (or four) and some munchies while watching the game on the big screen!
3	I just moved to the area and the first time here is tonight with my girlfriend. The drinks were cheap and strong, but the nachos were cold and sup par... They were literally ice cold. I asked the bartender if they came out of the fridge and she said the cheese is kept in a warmer all day. I recommend they check this so called warmer because it was literally ice cold as if they just came out of a fridge. I've got to say my first experience with this place is pretty sad. I won't be returning.About 30 minutes after we had sent the nachos back I was approached by a man that stated he was the owner and asked how the nachos were. I told him the issue and he apologized and stated "I'm still getting the hang of it, I bought this place about 9 months ago". He was a really nice guy and I appreciated the apology; however, I really would have liked if he had offered to remake the nachos. We had ordered food because we were hungry. When we received the check o saw he had removed them from our bill, but again... It would have been nice to have them remade. This isn't the biggest issue at all, but it's the small things that keep a business around longterm.
4	Great place to watch a game or fight! They have good deals and the food is great for bar food. Service was great from our first server however, after she left the girl who took over was not very good. She was rude and seemed annoyed when we asked for something. Besides that this place was a lot of fun! We'll be back!
