4	So, I just came from the grand opening, and am very impressed with the newest vintage shop in Phoenix.  Although it is a small space, owner Jessica Carroll has laid it out very well and very resourcefully might I add.  Who knew 2x4 and screws could make such aesthetically pleasing displays?  Named after Jessica's Pug, Blueberry, the storefront is red and white polka dotted and filled with absolute goodness.  It offers vintage clothing, shoes, and accessories for women, as well as accessories screen printed tees, makeup, and tassels (yes nipple tassels) done by local talent.  I scored an adorable hot pink number for Valentine's Day and leather cuff made by a local artist that completed my outfit for the evening.  Prices are very reasonable and in some instances ridiculously low to the point you feel maybe you should inform them that they may have made an error.  As for the clothing, mostly dresses, but she also offers 2 piece suits, tops and sweaters, and skirts.  All of the garments are in impeccable condition and grouped in a rainbow spectrum which speaks to my soul.  I wish Jessica the best of luck and definitely think she has something different to offer Phoenix shoppers with her eclectic mix of vintage and handmade items.
4	After months of talking about it, my boyfriend and I finally decided to check out the antiques/vintage/thrift stores that we constantly pass in Phoenix. We ended up visiting 6 shops and Blueberry Deluxe was by far our favorite. The store owner was very friendly and we happened to visit on a 40% off all vintage items weekend. There is a wide selection of cute clothing, shoes, and jewelry- both vintage items and locally made pieces, a small section for men and some adorable onesies for babies. I ended up getting a fabulous pair of teal, suede wedges. I'm kinda in love them now... making me somewhat biased toward Blueberry Deluxe. Overall this place is definitely worth checking out. PS The owner also mentioned that when she brings her pug-Blueberry - to the store there is an extra %10 off.
5	My first visit to Blueberry Deluxe was this past weekend. I have been in search of a very specific outfit and she was fantastic in helping me with my search. She is super sweet and a great resource of information. She guided me to a few individuals who might be able to help me in my search. Her shop is so adorable with a great selection from clothes to shoes to accessories and more. I was very pleased with her prices as well as the appearance and quality of what she carries. Stop by and say hi you never know what might strike your eye.
5	While I can't fit into any of the cool vintage threads Blueberry has to offer, I simply adore this place.  The proprietor, Jessica, is super cool and friendly and I love her unique selection of not only vintage clothes and cards (she has quite the selection of notable teasures), but she also has modern soaps, lotions and potions, make-up & jewelry and some bad-ass local art.  I brought some of my gal pals here with me last weekend during our first annual "Local Holiday Shopping Caravan" and they went nuts for the soap and make-up.  I bought a kick-ass vintage Amish note card with kitschy 1950's clip-art and misogynistic colloquialisms about woman in the kitchen and feeding a man's belly....etc.  Being Penna Dutch myself, this was a little slice of home all they way out in the desert.  I love the gi-huge-ic painting of Elvis on tickets that's framed on the wall and I have to say that Jessica's iPod playing in the store was like me listening to one of my playlists at home. Love that!Best of all, Blueberry Deluxe's namesake, an adorable, mellow little pug named Blueberry graces the store with her unobtrusive presence and lounges about indulging shoppers with a quick scritch and a belly rub. Free of charge.If you're into indie boutiques, girly-couture or vintage fashion, Blueberry Deluxe is a must on your next visit to the M7 {Melrose on 7th Ave} nabe.
3	Seriously.. how have I missed this place for months??? Well I found it this week, and it's almost my new Loveland. Most of the clothes so far haven't been up my alley, but the accessories are ON POINT. For real. I walked out with two headbands yesterday and was in love. Wanted about a dozen more. The owner? Super nice. She let us know what was in the store, how it was laid out, sales going on, and was very helpful. The dog Blueberry is about as adorable and friendly as they get and was very good at helping me find just what I was looking for. As with most boutique shops, the prices vary due to different designers, and while some of them are steep, overall it's not bad at all. I will more than likely return on several occasions.If you need help finding it, look for Melrose Pharmacy and the big blue bow beside it :)
5	I love. Love. LOVE. Jessica and her awesome little dog. She was so completely freaking awesome. I was on a hunt for something specific and she helped me, we almost found the perfect thing but alas, boobs foiled my plans for the perfect vintage look again. Damn you. Damn you both. Anyways, we did find an awesome red dress and she directed me to the other vintage shops around. I super loved that she was so cool to offer up competitors stores.She is tops for customer service, satisfaction and a great selection. Super cute clothes, great prices. :) Blueberry Deluxe live on. I'd cry if you ever shut your doors, cause I have to come back for more!
3	I stopped by with a few others and the girls there were not very friendly towards us at all. Perhaps it was because they were all friends, but I sort of feel if you have potential buyers coming in, you should probably pay a little more attention to them than your friends coming in for a chat. Besides that though, the vintage clothes really were not my cup of tea. Mostly 70s, 80s, some 90s mixed in. There are hand sewn "indie" pieces, but then again those weren't my cup of tea either. Prices were really reasonable for what the clothes were.I prefer vintage that's much older, 1930s-1940s-1950s, so if you're looking for that, this place wouldn't be the place to get it. But for what Blueberry offers, the prices are great, but there really wasn't anything that special about this shop.
4	Blueberry is so charming! There are tons of little knick knacks all over the store, so I could spend hours perusing. The vintage clothes are cute, too. The prices are a little high on some things but low on some others, so you just have to hunt around. They also have really nice prices on holga cameras and film. I got three rolls of film for $12 and will now be happily reunited with my holga, which was gathering dust in the closet!
