5	Small bakery with some Japanese-influenced items. Excellent rolls and whole-grain breads, their kaiser rolls and 9-grain loaf are standouts. The cookies and cupcakes are excellent, as are most of their other desserts. I am especially fond of the chocolate-dipped coconut macaroons and orange-almond shortbread cookies. They also make nice cakes for special occasions.
5	My friend and I stumbled upon Yuki by mere accident while walking to the Metro station, and it was indeed a lovely surprise! Their chocolate croissant is out of this world, the texture of the dough and flavor of the chocolate were unlike any croissant I had ever tasted.  I highly recommend their macarons as well, their caramel sea salt macaron has a very strong salt flavor that was delicious.
5	My basic assumption with wedding cakes is dry, bland cake with a thick layer of hard fondant/sugar....until I had a cake by Yuki!  I was totally surprised how delicious her cakes are and absolutely beautiful. She's a magician with sugar and makes these amazing flowers that look real!  and her buttercream is so smooth it looks like fondant but tastes so creamy and light.  Her cakes are a total delight!  YUM!  would 100% recommend her for your wedding cake.  She's super prompt with correspondences and super super creative.  She'll make something beyond your imagination and even better, will make you salivate!! delish!
4	Very small,pricey "cakery",with emphasis on cakes; birthday,"just desserts",and wedding ($30.00 per standard cake), or by the slice at $3.95 plus tax.  Wedding. cakes-price upon request. It appears to be quite popular,as there is a regular clientele who spend and spend big! I only went in to buy some onion rolls,which were very good,btw,and reasonsbly priced. Having said that,the main focus remains their cakes,including some very impressive looking wedding cakes,and they'll even do custom upon request. Bread would be better purchased at a bakery focused on bread.
4	Who would have thought a Japanese owned patisserie in Montreal.  I had a pleasure of having wonderful macha flavored french pastries at a friend's house.  It reminded me of Shiseido Parlor in Tokyo.  Super rich in flavor, yet light and delicate.  I can't wait to go and check it out in person.
