5	I have been putting off writing this reveiw for a while. Due to just being forgetful and having a hard time finding this listing.  This place is interesting, it's by appointment only. So i had to ask Gillian why. She likes to give personal attention to her people who are in to get a fitting.  She really does, in fact i was unplanned i just went with a friend. But her costumes were so awesome that i opted to go rent one even though i already had one. She even gave us shoes, accessories and everything else to make it look right.  Gillian really does care about us, we came in after a night of partying and look like crap. We were sluggish and just blah. She was concerned enough to give us drinks and whatever she could think of to give us our energy back. The other thing is when we asked, what is there to eat around here she spent another half an hour of her busy day to narrow down what we'd want to eat and make a map for us. That is love!
5	The last time I wore an actual costume (that wasn't for some sort of stage production), I was like 8 yrs old. But the Oct. Yelp Elite invite got me excited. So using the power of Yelp, I found this little place. And what an awesome place it is!I called to make an appointment and was able to get in the next day. Since I'm not particularly a costume-type person, I had no strong ideas of a certain character I wanted to be. I just figured something sorta sexy and something that didn't require a wig or lots of makeup. Despite my uber-vagueness, Gillian was able to pull some great costumes for me that were ready when I arrived for my appointment.Gillian seriously rocks! You know that cartoon The Replacements? She's like the kick-ass costume designer that is brought in to replace your typical costume person. And in the absolute best way possible. She was very friendly, quick, and thorough.The first thing I saw that Gillian had picked out was the first and only thing I put on and what I wound up reserving. And Gillian was such a master! It started out as a Moulin Rouge / can-can girl costume and warped into a kick-ass circus ringmaster costume. She kept coming up with ideas to try and we played around with the accessories until we had a totally different costume. Love it! And I was seriously in and out of there in less than 15 minutes.The shop is really small. And you definitely need to make an appointment first. But there is so much in this little store.I was a bit worried about the cost. Especially as we started adding items Gillian would actually have to make from scratch. But I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the entire costume (from headpiece to boots) was only $95. And it truly includes everything - even the fishnets. Try getting a head-to-toe costume like this elsewhere for that price - you really can't.This costume shop, and Gillian, totally rock! If you have the need for a costume, call Gillian ASAP. You will not be disappointed.So now I just hope I get in for the Elite event. *fingerscrossed* If not, I'll be dressing up anyway and perhaps heading down to the Strip to see how many tourists will take pictures with me. I haven't been this excited about dressing up in a costume in decades.And now for the big question... What does my date dress up as?
5	Some people are wildly creative and enjoy putting together their own costume creation. Thankfully, for the rest of us who have no such skill set, but a desire to look good in our costumed glory, there is Showoff Costume Rentals. There are countless places that pop up around Halloween with packaged costumes that look like every other costume in the Valley. They carry the same exact outfits next to the same exact accessories wall. Have you wondered were you could go to find a truly unique looking costume for an event?  Years ago, I stumbled on Showoff and have returned to them anytime I have needed a costume for an event.  MAKING AN APPOINTMENT: You must call ahead and make an appointment to go in. This is an important step. The shop is small so the owner, Gillian, doesn't have all of the costumes out on the floor for you to peruse. Instead you will discuss your costume idea and set up a time to get into the shop. When you arrive Gillian and/or an employee will have a number of options already set aside for you to consider. There is no better costume customer service in this town. Try getting anything like that kind of service at the pop-up shops. You simply tell Gillian what you are leaning toward and she will consider your specific theme and your size and she pull out costume options that fit your needs. YOUR APPOINTMENT TIME: You will show up and try on the options that they have selected. Whenever I've been there the owner has given me personal service. She looks at the costume on you, see how it fits, discusses the accessories, and helps customize the entire look. Customers don't have to worry about hanging around for hours. If you're like me, you will fall in love with the first or second option that they select for you. And the employees are right there to ring you up. No lines. OPTIONS: Showoff specializes in showgirl costumes.  And their selection is thorough. These are not thrown together costumes. The showgirl costumes are elegant, larger than life, and most importantly, glamorous.  I believe they are very careful with those rentals, so if you are looking for a showgirl rental, you will need to communicate with the owner. From what I've seen of their selection, there isn't any place in town with better Vegas-themes costumes But there are a wealth of other costumes available for rental: Elvis, magician, elf, cartoon character, Cleopatra, you name it. One of the best things about the costumes is the amount and quality of the accessories they include with your look. Want to be a 1920's gangster? SOC will have the suit, the weapon, the bling, the hat, and any other details necessary to give more polish to your look.  They have been dressing showgirls and other entertainers in this town for years. They take great pride in matching the customer with a costume she/he will love. This place is not trying to shove a costume at you. They want you to leave looking and feeling good about your selection. COST: The costumes aren't cheap. You will be spending around $100 to rent a costume from Showoff. But you will also be walking away with a unique costume that will be detailed and eye catching.   And you may be renting the costume for a few days.  HALLOWEEN NOTE: As you can imagine, they are very busy during Halloween. If you want first dibs on the costumes, call and make your appointment early. OVERALL: Showoff Costumes has got an extensive collection of costumes and attentive customer service.  This place should be at the top of anyone's list looking for a fabulous, detail-oriented, and unique costume.
