5	We got David's number as a recommendation from a friend, because the water softener on our new house was busted - Googling "Water Softener Repair" got us nowhere. David was honest with us and let us know that it could be rebuilt for a little more than $500, but we decided to replace it completely since it was also rather old, and we also asked him to service our reverse osmosis unit at the same time. He was prompt, quick but thorough for all of our appointments, and took the time to explain to me how to program the machine if I wanted to change the settings. I would recommend Pacific Water Conditioning to anyone looking for an honest water softener appliance repair person.
5	We had a system installed by David. I was amazed by their service, pricing and all around business. I have priced water systems from other companies in the past and found the people I spoke with to be nothing more than salesman who did not really care about the customer and their concerns. David cares about his customers and it shows in his actions as well as his words. I would recommended this service to anyone!  Oh yeah, now I can drink the water in my house and don't have to keep buying bottles from the store!
5	My 10 year old RO system's water taste got real bad. I got David's recommendation from a friend. David checked the RO and found leaky membrane and recommended to put in a new RO instead of repairing the old unit again and again. He gave competitive pricing on a custom RO unit made specifically for AZ water. All through the process, he was quick and clear on communication; on time at appointment and professional in the work. Highly recommended.
5	We had Pacific Water Conditioning Service install a RO under out sink and also connect it to the refrigerator.They guy that came out was named Jonny, he was polite and professional.  He basically got right to work and was done in about an hour.  He went through the setup with me and showed me were the different emergency shutoff valves were.  He was able to answer all my questions and told me I could unhook my refrigerator filter and that would bypass the filter so the water was straight from the RO.  (some refrigerators you can undo the filter and others you need a plug to bypass).Before he left he ensured there were no leaks and said check it for the 1st couple days to make sure there are no leaks and if there was to give him a call.We have had the unit for a few weeks with no issues and saving space in the fridge where the brita used to be.  You can definitely taste the difference between RO and brita.  Great service, would recommend.
5	We had David from Pacific Water Conditioning to our house to service the filters on our five stage water conditioner.  He was simply outstanding.  I had thought that the filters were bad from a lack of water pressure in the system.  David quickly determined that the problem was in the tank.   Instead of attempting to upsale me, David told me exactly what he believed to be wrong, and was excited when the simpler fix worked.  He tested our water quality, found that it was good, and only replaced what I asked.  He was honest, was right on time, flexible to schedule, price was very fair, and his interaction with me as a customer was just spot on...  We 100% recommend him.  Will have him back again when it's time for new filters!
