5	I love this place, you can get great titles for cheap if you buy used. Normally you get good stuff even if it's used. If it is busted they will replace it. I got my Nintendo DSi XL here. They remind me of a place I used to go to a place called Gamers on S. Rainbow near Spring Valley by Vons. Oh well, Gamestop is awesome.Not a lot of cash but want a cool game, try Gamestop, you may like it.
3	i usually never step foot in a gaming store especially since i barely play video games.. but since i'll be in vegas for awhile and my parents have every single gaming system known to man.. i might as well do something to pass the time!i've been feeling fat lately so i decided to go on exercise routine.. this consists of running on a treadmill.. doing the ab pro machine.. and lifting some small dumbbells lying around the house.. (did i mention they have every exercising equipment know to man too) anyway.. i decided to throw the wii in the routine as well.. i've been on that just dance game so i needed something different.. i saw a commercial the other day on tv for the zumba game..yay to my surprise i stopped in last night and they had one more left!!comes with a belt and all to wear the remote around your hips.. this is going to interesting..but in all.. the store was nice, clean, and organized.. the big salesman was informative and helpful.. and my game was also on sale..can't get any better.. :)
5	I used to live in this part of town and moved accross the valley.. I'm still buying games at this location though..Knowledgeable and helpful staff, these guys know their games.. sometimes the line backs up on you a little though.. it's a location thingbuy games from these guys, they're cool.. great selection of used games... which reminds me, i need to visit again lol ^_^
5	The staff is really friendly at this location & the store is always well kept :)
5	I've been to many gamestops and I always keep coming back to this one. The customer service is amazing everyone is really nice an helpful even though its constantly packed in there. I get great recommendations there and bob is awesome he knows his stuff!
4	This gamestops been one that I've been going to since they first opened. I've been to over 10 different locations in town and this ones by far your best choice for gamestops. Its a very large store and very clean. They have a very large selection to choose from so chances are they have the game you want. The lines are the only thing I can complain about here, but the process of trading flgames in can take a while, so just browse around till your next. Also go when the manager is around, he will help you get an even better deal.
1	Horrible customer service... Gave me run around 3 times while attempting to exchange a system. I'll take my business else where.
1	So I went to gamestop with a buddy of mine to trade in my old Xbox 360 and preorder the next call of duty for Xbox one.  The cashier was on the phone for a solid 10 minutes while I held my box full of xbox stuff and a copy of destiny for the xbox one that I hated. My buddy john came with and bought an xbox one and was going to buy destiny when I told him he could have my copy.  So my buddy takes his xbox one and destiny to his car, the cashier who after 10 minutes of making me wait said that he would not accept my trade in etc cuz I stole business from him.  Jeeze I'll be damned I should have went and told john to take his Xbox back but he did get a good deal on it so... O well. Thanks for being a jerk bud.
