5	This is a great little neighborhood market with a terrific friendly atmosphere. There's a large deli menu and very fresh tasty coffee, in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelves. Its proximity to Frick Park makes it an excellent place to stop for sandwiches and provisions for a picnic. There are also a couple of tables and chairs lining the sidewalk outside in case you want to stick around. If you get really into the market, or the Point Breeze neighborhood, you can even buy a commemorative t-shirt to remember it all.
4	I guess I'm getting burned out on winter.  That's what made me think about this place.  See, as Julina below says, it's close to Frick Park and it's a wonderful place to pick up sandwiches, pop, or picnic supplies before going over there.  It's also a great place to sit outside with a cup of coffee or a cold drink or snack before going over to the Frick Mansion.  So you can stop here with your out-of-town guests while sightseeing.This is truly a little out-of-the-way gem, located on a side street.  I haven't been up this way in awhile (I was also nosing around on Google Maps/Street View yesterday, so that's also why I thought of this place) so I hope nothing much has changed here.
4	My friend Marla and I decided to go biking through Frick Park on a recent Sunday.  We stopped here because it's a great place to load up on provisions before starting a ride.  I'm a diabetic, so whenever I do physical activities, I need to make sure I have some of the sweet stuff with me like an energy bar or trail mix.  The help here is very friendly.  They have a deli menu and outdoor tables, although we stopped at Ruggeri's afterward.  But if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some pop, coffee, or a deli sandwich and sit out and relax at one of their tables.
5	There is nothing better than a neighborhood market, and Frick Park Market fits the bill. Come here for grocery staples, a great homemade sandwich (get the breakfast sandwich, any of them!), or just to hang out. The owner will be there & is happy to talk to you.The best part about the market, though, is when the kids get off school & come into the store for candy & soda. You can tell that the business is connected to the neighborhood and that everyone gets along. Pittsburgh treasure!
5	It's been two years since I've last reviewed Frick Park Market?  Time to write an update!   I came here recently on my day off and had me a sammitch!  Whoa, baby!  Do I have to upgrade this to a five-star review or what?!!  This place knows how to do a pastrami on rye right!  To start with, they use Boar's Head meats here, which are some of the best deli meats around.  Second of all, they size the sandwich just right.  It's not small, but it's not so ginormous that you can't finish it.  The meat is layered just perfectly on it and they don't slather on the condiments (presentation is every bit as good as taste, folks).  Third, the bread tastes like it was delivered just this morning.  Fourth, they top it off with a really good pickle.   Finally, when you bite into it, the sandwich doesn't overpower you--instead it melts delicately in your mouth.  M-m-m-m-m, you wanna savor it.  Frick Park Market is much more than a deli though.  You can get convenience foods, milk, ice cream, etc, here.  As I mentioned before, it's a great place to stock up on snacks if you're going hiking in nearby Frick Park.  And as Joseph said, the owner is happy to talk to you.  Frick Park Market is a small neighborhood treasure.
5	anything you need you can find it at the market :)
4	Frick Park Market's extensive selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses, Breadworks baked goods, and homemade soups makes it a solid choice for a simple, inexpensive lunch.  Prosciutto and capicola with lettuce, tomato, and banana peppers is a personal favorite.
5	Maggie and John are the best. The soups,  sandwiches and service are great and honestly, for the size of the store, they have just what you need if you run short of something and just want to pop out for a minute.  If you don't know what to make for Thursday dinner, they have that covered with home made dinners, just let them know Wednesday and then pick it up Thursday before close.  In the warm months they fire up the grill and you can get barbeque chicken or ribs for lunch. If you're new to Point Breeze, this is the place you need to go to know what's going on. If you want to help out with community events, this is the place to go to sign up to volunteer.
5	Used to live two blocks away and now I miss having it so close! Great sandwiches, and would always get my weekly bag of coffee and milk. The owners are friendly and helpful.
4	I'm new to the area, and everyone was super friendly.  I've only eaten there once.  So I can't really say much, but it is a great market to have close by.  I definitely recommend it to people in the neighborhood.  It's so important to support local businesses, especially when run by people who live in the neighborhood.  I plan to be supporting them as much as I can.  They even offered to help me discover my new neighborhood.  Great people.  Great business.  :)
4	I like this place; it single-handedly made me hate Pittsburgh just a little less.  In fact, this would be an easy 5 stars if it wasn't in Pittsburgh and therefore emblazoned with all manner of Steelers propaganda, and as a Browns fan I...I just can't do it.  I'm sorry.  The sandwiches were good and prepared with genuine care and attention to detail, the people were friendly and the prices reasonable.  Get the soft pretzels, toss 'em in the microwave and eat them with mustard.
