5	I had a soft water unit installed by Jeff and he explained everything to me about all the parts and important information that most plumbers would leave out.  I was very impressed by how genuine and kind he was. Our soft water unit looks wonderful and is not in the way of anything.  And oh my gosh the difference it made on our water is completely amazing, words cannot express.  My husband and I both love the change, and sometimes compete for the shower.  The water feels so soft and nourishing.  I don't even need lotion after my showers and for me that says it all.  I would highly highly recommend All Acces Plumbing to mg friends, family, and anyone else!  You will not be disappointed!!!
5	i have recommended jeff to  neighbors and close friends and  also my family!JEFF has always done very good work for me and my neighbors! JEFF will always do his best and a little extra to make sure the work is done in a very professional manner.i would never hesitate to recommend ALL ACES PLUMBING to anyone!TONY PETRIN
5	I have resided in Vegas for 3 years and have called AllAces 2 times. On the first service call, Jeff repaired a very annoying humming and leak in one of my toilets. He replaced a large valve. The replacement immediately corrected the problem. Jeff was in and out in less than 45 minutes after he explained in detail what went wrong in the toilet. His bill was about half of what I expected. Extremely competent, fast repair, and honest! What else could you ask for from a plumber.
5	Jeff arrived within the accorded time frame,  he explained to me where the problem of the ceiling leak originated and what was going to do.  Price very affordable.   Like the service and the good attitude he has.
5	Got here on time. Spent a lot of time sourcing the problem. Jeff is very professional and I felt comfortable having him go around the house.  He was nice to our dog too, lol. I would call him again if we ever needed to (although I would much prefer to not have any plumbing issues).
5	Really reasonable price, the guy arrived quickly within the window of time he provided and fixed the problem quickly.
5	I highly recommend All Aces plumbing because they are very professional and knowledgeable about plumbing. Robert came in and solved all of our problems in only 3 hours. He was very nice to us.
5	Fast, Friendly, and Excellent Customer Service. Jeff is great!
