4	How much fun my friend and I had roaming around inside this antiques market! It's plentiful of all different sorts of little independent shops, you can look around as you like, if you find an item to purchase you take it with you, as the time passed an employee came by and took the items we had in hand to the front to put in a basket with our name, the items have a little tag which has the vendor # & price. You check out in the front area, and pay for all you selected at that time. It's really a cute place chuck full of many treasures!
5	A wonderful, relaxing atmosphere to browse and find unique treasures. Everything you can think of can be found under this roof! True antiques, vintage items, jewelry, toys, clothes, decorator pieces, or just find a special gift for someone. The Market Tea Room is quaint and the food is great. You can have a small homemade lunch or make a reservation for high tea, or even celebrate a special event. Stop by and you will become a regular!
1	Will never return.  Impossible to get service, poorly managed. Rude, uninterested staff.  The place is so large, if you need to get a key to see something in a case, it is an impossible task.  Bigger is NOT better, and that is definitely true here!  We gave up in line, returned our potential purchases after waiting forever, and left. I feel sorry for the dealers here, because there our some very nice items, but they have no idea how poorly this place is run.
1	a den of thieves: andrea, who posted on 3/28/12 and wonders why she was followed - it is because vendors there get robbed by customers who patrol the store taking whatever they want. not to mention the problems with dishonest employees with keys to vendor inventory. trust me - i had many $1000's of dollars stolen from me there as a vendor with zero compensation from the owners who stay up front in the furniture store. worst managed property of its kind anywhere. a nightmare to avoid.
3	Everything is overpriced. If you love collecting china then this is a great place to go to. Other than that, I'd rather go to the Carlsbad Antique Mall in California and hunt for unique finds at incredibly low prices.
4	I have owned KaTeLyn NiCoLe inside Antiques At The Market since 2009. At the suggestion of a new client, I was told to check our reviews.  Rest assured that all of us (dealers, staff and landlord), take your feedback seriously. We strive to bring you the most unique and collectible merchandise at GREAT prices. Please understand.  We have to find it, research it, clean it and move it into the store. We do it because we are passionate about what we do.  Believe me, we will never get rich off of this!! We truly believe in preserving history.  Our price points range from $5 on up.  We are always open to negotiation and often many of us run sales.  We even have layaway!  We strive to provide you with the best customer service.  I gave us 4 stars instead of 5, as there is always room for improvement.  Things are locked in cases, not because we think our clients are thieves, but to minimize handling and unintentional breakage.  It does take time to get the keys.  The business is designed so that dealers do not have to work their booths.  Some of us, however, do to provide that extra customer service.  Unfortunately, as with other businesses, (grocery stores, department, etc.) you have lines.  We do try to process your purchase as quickly as possible.  If your purchase is in a bin and you are out of time, please feel free to leave and call us from your cellphone within the hour. We will hold your purchase until the next day,( unless it was a "buy-it-now" deal). We love our customers and many have become long time friends.   I hope that you will visit us and give us a chance to serve you.   The mall is beautiful. We have very friendly dealers, and although we can't access another dealer's keys, we'll be happy to help you in anyway possible.  We hope to see you soon!Mike M., funny, we've never heard of you.
3	Hit or miss, that is a fair summation of this place.  I've encountered lots and lots of random stuff that I would  never consider purchasing, and it is lots and lots as there are seemingly an infinite array of stalls here.  Then there are the treasures that I find.  And those, well, those are worth the lots and lots of stalls of random stuff. Example: Collector's editions of Barbies for holiday gifts to a friend of mine who has been collecting for 20 years and counting, and at a discount from the list price.  If you know about these dolls, some of them have very hefty price tags, so it's great to get them at a deal.  Another example: A signed jersey for the Dallas Cowboys from the early 90s when they won three Super Bowls, and signed by my favorite Cowboy of all time, Troy Aikman.  That, sadly, I did not purchase since it was still out of my price range, but seriously a treasure found.  The staff at the counter is, hmm, crochety old lady and sweet little grandma, never a happy medium from my observation. What knocks down the stars for me is that the Tea Room is no longer up and running.  That Tea Room was awesome and had the best chicken cranberry salad I've ever had.
5	This review is in response to Amore A. 1/07/13.  This is a GREAT mall.  I don't know where you get your information!  Our mall is located across from beautiful Sunset Park on the cusp of Las Vegas and Henderson.  It has very close access from The Strip and the airport.  I have been in this mall for four years and believe me, if it was in any way dangerous, I wouldn't be there!!  We have a lovely atmosphere, full of beautiful treasures that our dealers have worked hard to collect for you!!!  Amore A., as you stated, you are an antique dealer.  My guess is that you are from a another local antique mall.  Very unprofessional.
5	I stopped in for the first time yesterday and was looking for a piece of furniture I could use as a bar for our new home. As luck would have it, I found the perfect bar hutch! The price was amazing and the seller (Bob from booth 60) was the most pleasant person I have ever dealt with! If you are looking for any antique items and want a super pleasant dealer definitely check out booth 60 or ask for Bob at the front counter. Will definitely check back there again if I need/want anything else for the house.
5	We always like to visit antique malls while traveling and this was a good one.  Lots of dealers offering the usual brick-a-brack but fun to wander through.  One booth was having a 50% off sale and scored a great set of milk glass goblets.  Woo-hoo.  Helpful staff.  Will definitely return if we ever visit Vegas again.
3	I wish Vegas had a Disney vendor in the antique stores that carried actual pins instead of scrappers, but that's another rant for another time.  Stopping by this place is a fun experience.  You get to walk around and look at all these different booths with peoples' things in it, things they either spent years with or things that they picked up from picking.  You get to hold someone's memories in your hands and possibly buy it out.  I found a sewing box that was the exact same one that my mother had when I was growing up.  That was a treasure I found here.  You may find memories of your own in this place.
1	The people who work at this place are so rude or they have no clue about how their own system works. I come to town a few times a year and enjoy shopping for antiques. They used to have a good majority of ANTIQUE items, now there seems to be a lot of new Chinese items. If I had a booth at that place I'd pack my stuff up and get the heck out of there as fast as I could! I would not want my customers treated like I was treated. Did I say horrible!!!! They act like I'm putting them out when asking for help and their main answer to fixing a problem is NO!!!! Instead of coming up with an alternative solution. It's really sad that people pay rent there every month and lose sales because of the customer service. I filled up the front counter with items I wanted to purchase, made deals with vendors then ended up walking out empty handed because of the staff working that day! Poor, poor, poor customer service!!!!!
5	Somewhere between an indoor swapmeet and a flea market but largely focused on well maintained antiques, signs, nick-knacks, and other such items at great prices I have to say I'd have liked Antiques At the Market even if it didn't contain Truffles n Bacon Cafe, but with the presence of such a cozy and delicious restaurant I fully loved my visit to the Market.  Ranging from vintage Star Wars toys to Cookie Jars that look like Moses suggesting "Thou shalt not steal (cookies)" plus a variety of old spice boxes, large scale statues, and advertising products from companies like Coca-Cola there is plenty to see here and prices are often a veritable steal.  Well worth a visit on its own, but even better to walk off some of those calories from the bread pudding at Truffles n Bacon.
5	Huge fan of browsing antiques, if I had the money, I'd want my whole house to be full of antiques! Depending on the item, they can be fairly cheap to a little pricey, but there's so much variety, you never know what you'll get.My favorite thing about this antique market is that most of it is organized nicely into different sections, but you'll get the occasional surprise of items. I like to bring friends around here to show them the items and always end up leaving with something we never thought we'd find! Over a year ago, bought a pimp cane (sword inside attached to handle) and found it in a section full of cute little teapots and tiny glass figurines (never would have thought to look in there for hidden swords). I'm only in my twenties so I always expect to see sneering eyes when I bring my teenaged/college friends into a place like this, but the people here are always very kind and welcoming when I walk in.
4	One of the better makets I've been too.  Pretty broad selection of items, and non of the prices I found were marked up beyond belief.
