5	Dang, I'm jealous of this Henderson 24 Hour Fitness.  It's swank, clean, and almost shrine-like in its graphic devotion to Andre Agassi. And believe it or not, I'm OK with that!!I usually haul my fat ass here when I've overdone it at a hotel/casino buffet.  I find the equipment here to run the gamut, from older to newer, and despite the time of day I never found it difficult or crowded in using equipment.The facility is large and easy to find in a Pecos and Wigwam strip mall - a quick 15 minute drive from the Southern part of the Strip.
2	The people working here are awesome.  They are all very nice and helpful unlike at other gyms.  For that reason I give this place 2 stars instead of zero.However, the facilities are in dire need of attention.  Most of the cardio equipment is antiquated.  The showers are f'ing nasty.  I swear it always smells like raw sewage in there.  I'll be showering and I'll be like, wait, did that old guy over there just shit himself?  But no, it's coming from the drains which back up and clog after about three minutes.  I've worked out a system where I switch to another shower stall after a couple minutes so I never have to stand in the nasty gunk that comes up through the drain. If it's not crowded I use 3 different stalls for one shower but there's no way to avoid the overpowering smell of human feces.
4	Moved back to the east coast and am sorely missing my 24 hour fitness membership - especially the cost and the classes.  I've been a member of various gyms over the last decade, and 24 hour fitness seems to go the farthest in making sure its members are happy, are not restrained by high costs or contracts, and have choices in equipment and classes.  If they open one in DC, I'm sure they'll snatch away business from the other fitness centers here in no time!  Reason for 4:  pay for towels, not completely nationwide yet, and the machines aren't as nice as some of the fancier gyms.
4	A clean, well-stocked gym with a swimming pool (a little small), basketball court, free classes, sauna and hot tub.  There are lots of nautilus machines and free weights, as well as lots of treadmills, bikes and stair climbers.  The machines are clean and so is the men's locker room.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  One of the better gyms I've ever been in.
3	This is just another average gym. It has all the perks you expect, but also all the negatives. On extremely hot days, it seems that the A/C goes out so working out is almost unbearable. Most of the equipment seems well maintained, aside for the treadmills, many of which have loose plugs that get dislodged making the machine unusable while others are in need of serious maintenance. Besides that, the staff are always friendly and helpful and eager to help you get in shape.
4	Love this gym! Was a member of LVAC for 11 years and I switched over to 24 Hrs 6 years ago. Its not as busy or crowded as LVAC, there is always parking spots available right in front of the gym.  Peak times/singles mingle time are Monday thru Friday 5pm to 8pm. Hence my gf and I usually go in the morning or after 8 pm on weekdays. Very friendly staff that greets you by name and the equipment is decent. Has a full size basketball court, pool and hot tub, and a kid's fun zone. Don't know about the ladies locker room, but the men's stink. I usually avoid from the drinking fountain in front of the locker rooms too because the water isnt as cold as the others.
4	Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me? - Well she can be, just get her a membership to our gym! LOLI love this gym. It has that small town gym feel but with all the equipment you could want.  They have a great selection of classes you can attend as well. The gym is well stocked with a pool and basket ball court too. They even have a kids care center!The best thing about this gym is the staff. They are always friendly and often remember who you are. So, if your in the market for a new gym, come check this one out. You can even get a free 7 day trial membership. I wish other things in life came with one of those too....hahahah!
1	Okay I dont know what some of these people are smoking. This place is disgusting.  The steamroom, and sauna are very ill kept. I usually like to go in the steam room to relax. It is hard to relax when the walls of the steamroom are stained, there is a standing pool of water on the floor, and a constant ringing noise that sounds across the room making it immposible to relax. Im not kidding that when i went there last and walked into the pool area, it smelled like puke, and there were dead cockroaches on the floor next to the jacuzzi. And this is just the pool area.Go into the gym, the cardio machines are all old, the tredmills arent worth running on. Thank god because i go to a nicer 24 hour near my girlfriends house on the other side of town. If it wasnt for that i wouldnt even belong to 24 hour because this gym in Henderson, Sucks!!!I will remove this review if they bring in new equipment(specifically cardio), and renovate the gym.
4	This joint is pretty nice:Plenty of parking.Never too crowded.Lots of weights.Lots of treadmills.Lots of extras like medicine balls, boxes to jump on, and fit balls.Indoor pool which is kept clean and almost never in use.Indoor basketball court (not that I've used it).I've never used the steam room or sauna, but I know they exist.It doesn't quite measure up to LVAC with the equipment (at LVAC they have all the treadmills with ipod connectors!). The weight machines are a little dated, but they are all in good repair (comparable to the Karen LVAC if you've ever been in there). The only problems are that the locker rooms are just ok and there's no indoor running track.  Actually, if they had an indoor running track, I would bump it up to 5 stars.
4	Large gym with a decent amount of equipment. One of the nicer 24 hour "sports" i've been to. Friendly staff.The only negative is the cross-fit people that seem to be everywhere and do wind sprints anywhere there is 20ft of open space. Also, people shadow boxing and jumping around on equipment with their cool bands and ropes... Lift some weights mo fo's!
3	We went to this gym last night and it was pretty full for a Sunday night (day after Christmas) THey have ur standard machines - and the 24 minute circuit. I like that circuit b/c it feels like you had a trainer - telling you what to do. They have a basketball court, swimming pool and the 24x classrooms. The one thing they DONT have is the AMT machine. For some reason this is only available @ the SUPER Sport or the Silverado Ranch location. When I joined 24 hr fitness in San Diego County (rudest patrons ever) they had the AMT machines @ the Sport locations (the Vista location on Sycamore was the newest and was even nicer than the Carlsbad location which is their Headquarters where I joined b/c it was literally next door to my job when I lived there. I def. miss the area and the weather of SD but not the people (most of them).
4	As far as neighborhood gyms go, this one fits the required specs.  Staff are very friendly, supplies are mostly plentiful, and aside from the weekend spin classes, I can always get the equipment I need or a lane in the pool.  This location offers a wide variety of classes and seem to try hard to mix it up to fit the exercise fad of the moment.  Instructors are generally decent with some that are fantastic (better than I've experienced at other nationwide gym chains). Plus, I do love the convenience that there are so many locations with different class schedules in case I'm craving a class when timing doesn't work at my closest location.
1	1st of all this gym is filthy and dirty and the machines are always broken. The basketball courts bring thugs and garbage there. My car was broken into there and my wallet was stolen and there is no security there. The staff is rude and not helpful. I'm at lvac and is a lot better.
3	I just wanted to write a quick update. I like this gym for the variety of the classes. I always ck the schedule online before heading out b/c they have had changes. EQUIPMENT: I enjoy the fact that there are more ellipticals than @ other gyms and the machines actually seem newer. This includes the weights used in the Group X classes, i.e.  Bodypump, etc. BATHROOM: is always dripping wet everytime I walk in here. It just seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen but I understand that there is a pool so this is bound to happen. But I think they should put those mats down with the absorbent material/holes so as to prevent accidents. I saw several elderly ladies walking in there and I cringed hoping and praying nobody fell. I've never taken the water classes@ 24hrfitness but I just think its an accident waiting to happen.
5	One of the better 24 hour fitness clubs in Vegas.  The treadmills are a bit on the old side...but the club is clean, spacious and well lit. There is a swimming pool, sauna and steam room just as any other Agassi Sport does but its just ...clean. :) I've been to quite a few gyms in my days and can say that I would pick this gym over Green Valley's any day.   The drive is work it.  :)
3	I am revising my review.  The original is below.In the last few days, it seems like the staff wants to fix things here.  My original rating was two stars, but I'll upgrade to three for the moment.This gym has a tone of potential.  It has a ton of square footage, good staff, and good members.  Put a little $$ and elbow grease into this club and it could be great.---------------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEWOverall this is an okay gym. Nothing special... The steam room is disgusting! Mildew stained and smells awful. The spa tiles are stained brown...and have been for a long time. The doors leading from the locker rooms to the pool area are always broken and do not meet health code standards. And the locker room and restroom facilities need a lot of attention.The basketball players take over the place on weekends. For some reason they like to use  the exercise balls to use as chairs. Many if the other members are too intimidated to try to get the balls back. I'm not saying they are bad people, but they need to respect the other members.There is a lot of equipment needing maintenance. OLD treadmills that can't handle someone weighing 250 lbs. Stepmills and ellipticals need attention as well.  Corporate needs to take a look at this place and do something to fix it. Don't put a bandaid on things. Fix it!All that said, you can get a good workout even with the antiquated equipment. Most of the other members are great and very friendly.  It's my regular gym, but only because it's convenient to home and work.
1	I've been a member since 2000 and of all the clubs I've been to the staff here is the rudest and most difficult to deal with.   The equipment is broken all of the time and the club is filthy.  First day I walked in there a number of the treadmills were off so I asked at the desk how to turn them on.  No response.  I mean nothing.  The woman just stares at me and then says "you just turn them on".   How?  There's no on/off switch.  So another time I notice someone else was having the same confusion, so I let her go to the desk and I waited.  Apparently, someone at the desk told her someone would be right over and guess what, they just ignored her.The lockers are nice size especially for the winter when you have a coat, etc. but the bathrooms are pretty disgusting.  In the morning, several of the screens are all turned to the same channel.  Don't know why but I guess it doesn't matter much since the audio units are usually broken or don't work anyways. I wouldn't go there except its convenient.  So for the past week I go in there and I don't talk to the staff when I go in, so they make it a point of harassing me with "good, morning", blah, blah, blah.  One greeting is customer service. 4 or 5 times is harassment so I complained to the manager and he didn't apologize or anything; just canceled my membership.   After 10 years of membership...  If they don't reinstate my membership with an apology then screw them.
4	I've been coming to this gym for 6+ months and haven't written a review?  Shame on me.Every time I come I'm pleasantly greeted and whatever I want to do I rarely have to wait... except the StairMaster machine.  Wouldn't hurt to add two more of those, they seem to be really popular.Pool, steam room, dry sauna, jacuzzi, indoor basketball court, juice bar and a reasonable monthly fee.  I dig it.  I also love the 24-hour aspect as I like to work out really late at night or really early.Sometimes equipment is down but that happens, and it is rarely down as is.  When it IS down, it is usually fixed within my next visit or two, and I go to the gym 3-5 times a week.Good crowd, great staff, solid equipment.  And I see girls in the free weights area pretty often!  Yay!  (Girls, do more weight training.  Seriously.)
1	I am reviewing a class.  I have been to this Cardio dance party on Wed. nights a lot.  I always give it another chance. The instructor usually does things in that class that hurts my sciatica, knees, and neck..So I do my own thing.  I used to teach step aerobics so I am not a puss... Most of the time he acts like a boot camp instructor. calls out orders but doesn't actually "instruct".  Tonight was the same.  Except for tonight he thought he was a DJ.. mostly playing with the music.. turning it up, down.. Or simply looking at the screen of his Mac....Which made following directions even harder.. I will stick back to my club on Tropicana. The instructors there really know how to instruct..They DO it with the class the entire time with everyone.
3	This is a pretty clean 24 Hour Fitness and I would give it 4 stars but I can't do that (skip to the end if you want to know why).  The gym has most of the equipment an average gym goer needs, yeah it may be old but it gets the job done.  A few benches, lots of machines to choose from, a wide selection of free weights and one squat rack.  A huge aerobic room that hold many different types of classes.  A full-size basket-ball court.  Funny thing that this place is called Agassi Sport but there is no tennis court, maybe its hidden?!There is also a steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and pool.  All these areas are co-ed so don't go walking around naked or in your underwear.There doesn't seem to be a big number of bros high fiving each other after each bench so that's nice.  Everyone tends to keep to themselves and I haven't had any problems with asking people to work into their sets if I'm in a hurry. The reason I got to give it 3 stars is that the men's locker room and shower always smell bad.  There is always a faint smell of sweat mixed with urine.  If you take a shower the smell is really strong, which is sad really because the rest of the gym is nice.
1	Signed up for a second year at this facility- The first time I signed up they told me no one was available to talk to about the place and the features. Go in again and even though I've been there they didn't even tell me anything about it again- just take your money, enroll your fingerprint... The locker room and shower smells like a dead cat or something- real gross. I've still never had anyone tell me about classes, the amenities, equipment, circuits-nothing. Fine if all you want work out on is older equipment. This place is in desperate need of an update.
4	I started going to this gym at the beginning of this year and I really gotta say that I like this gym.  I go really late at night so it is always dead and the equipment isnt bad either.  I have been to the one on Silverado and that was isnt as good as this on in my opinion.  The equipment is a little better than at this one but anyway getting off topic.  I really like the steam room they keep it relatively clean ( no water bottles or anything like that in there) and the pool I really like.  I am big on swimming and the fact that its the perfect temp and empty at night is exactly what I was looking for.  My boyfriend likes lifting and its perfect for all his lifting needs.  The lifting area is for the most part busier than the other parts but he still gets to use everything he wants without waiting.  I also like the ellipticals at this one better than the other one I have been to.  All in all I really like going to this gym and me and my boyfriend come here multiple times a week. I say a winner.
4	Love this gym. I come late at night to avoid the crowds. Never a wait for a machine. Basketball gym is great! Unlike the other 24 hours, there is actually room on the sides of the court to sit and wait for a game, stretch, or rest!
3	We came in for Yoga and to swim on a Sunday. The 9AM yoga class started on time and moved really quickly. I felt it was a little too fast but it was my first time back in a while. The next day I felt it... and that's when I knew it was an effective class. For the pool, I think it's weekly thing but they had the kid's swim school on this day and time. The class took two lanes and left one. No problem on the lanes as there was only one other person swimming laps. But what I didn't like was the fact the entire pool was 3-4 feet deep. Also, it was weird for me to have floor to ceiling windows looking in to the gym area. I would probably come back for the classes, and machines but not to swim.
5	come here and play ball with the fellas...clean for the most part good workout area, trying to become the duke soon.
3	Just an okay 24hr Fitness, but I will continue to go here if I'm in the area.  I should be nostalgic about this gym since it's the very first 24hr that I ever worked out in.  Now, I'm hitting up most of the 24hr's around our beautiful city.  Like most gyms, this one is busy on Saturday morning, Monday's, and Tuesday's.  There's enough equipment here, but because of all the gym goers, the equipment can be taken at times.  Size and cleanliness is okay.  The bottom line is whether you're able to get a good workout or not. And for me, I always seem to get a great workout here.  My one issue here is their lack of dumbbells, weights (the plates), and safety collars.  The dumbbell racks are usually missing dumbbells, the benches missing collars, and you have to walk the entire gym looking for that missing weight plate.  It's even worse when someone is loading up the leg press with over 1000 lbs.  When I see that, I know it's going to be a long night.  I'm probably biased because I love the Summerlin, Centennial, and North Las Vegas 24's.  But I will still make my way out here for a workout to change things up.
2	I go to the gym for the cardio equipment. The belts on most of the treadmills are completely warped. I tried about 4 different treadmills today, and the warping was so bad on 3 of them I could feel the belt slipping as I walked. It feels strange, and is a possible safety issue as far as I am concerned. I haven't noticed anything else about the gym so far. It seems clean. Staff is friendly. It's just that I think they are doing a very poor job maintaining the equipment. Nearly every gym I've been to in Las Vegas has suffered through maintenance issues. I think this may be due to the recession and subsequent drop in membership. I'm at the point now where I'm just going to drop my membership and buy my own treadmill if this location doesn't get its act together.
4	Time to update my original review.Things have turned around at this location.  Updated interior, new paint, new fitness room, removal of the unnecessary desk area and addition of cross-fit style training area.  They've also updated the locker rooms with new lockers, looks good.  The manager Scott recently took care of some account problems I was having and offered great customer service, which made me a happy gym goer.  I always look forward to going to the gym and I know I will be treated by professionals whenever I show up at 24 Hour Fitness Sport.  4 Stars!
4	Can't complain. Closest 24HF to my house. Pretty clean. No issues with waiting for cardio equipment compared to other places, but could be the random hours I go to the gym. 4 stars
1	Terrible equipment. Holes in the matting on the floor. They have a juice bar with advertised open hours but is never open during the posted hours. Front desk staff has a terrible attitude when you ask them when the juice bar will be open.  Apparently there's only one person certified to make the shakes and she's never there.
4	Nice gym with new cardio equipment.  Front desk and facilities staff are friendly. Some of the trainers seem a little rude, but I don't have to interact with them so I don't really care, just an observation. Everything seems clean and well maintained.  Pretty diverse crowd of people working out, which is nice.  Its never too crowded but there are times when it seems like everyone is working out in one area of the gym while the rest is empty.
5	Great equipment on one level and the guys playing hoops are serious!  If you are into working out this is the place!
4	As a lover of all things yummy, every now and then it's good for me to run in-place, pick-up heavy things and put them back down. This location has everything you need when it comes to fitness: weights, multiple pieces of cardio equipment, and tons of TVs just in case I need to zone-out while using the stair machine. There's also a few rooms for spin classes, a full basketball court plus two steam rooms and a sauna. This will to help to get rid of that pesky alcohol that may still be your system from the night before. If you're really feeling hungover you can even swim a few laps and hit the hot tub for a quick wake-up call. I'm not sure why this place only has three stars? It's very clean and the staff is super helpful. A few of the reviews I read prior had mentioned a smelly locker room and a few cracked tiles in the bathroom...really? You're in a locker room, it's going to smell from time to time so unless you're working out in the private gym/spa at the Cosmopolitan just do your business and peace out. This place does what it's supposed to do, it provides a clean and safe space to work-out.
1	DISGUSTING locker room!!  I was in there a couple days ago, went to change in the locker room, and almost sat on a USED q-tip!  Along with pieces of trash all over the floor, there was bundled up socks stuff in one corner of the floor, and plenty of people who don't mind walking around barefoot coming in and out of the shower.  Or bending  over naked and using the hand dryers to blow dry their junk!  There is tile falling off the wall and laying broken on the floor, and you can see the mold on it.The gym area is slightly better on cleanliness, but plenty of patrons don't feel the need to wipe down equipment.  You'll often find wet paper towels left on machines, and sticky handles on machines (cardio) from dried up sweat.  For $30 a month, this gym used to be great value.  Its too disgusting to keep going there.  The worst part is no one there seems to care.....
4	Love working out whenever I want to. Cool place, pretty good size, workout equipment is in good shape, and the front desk guy is always real cool.
4	This is a basic 24 hour gym. I like it overall and go here when I am close because it has the basics and it close.  I have been going here for about 3 years. Here is the good & the bad Bad-1) The equipment is old and limited. (This has improved recently as they replace the equipment)2) The people working there are usually mad at the world so it's not maintained as well as 24 hours usually are. It may seem weird to connect those two but every time I come in the people at the front are busy talking to each other & great members more like bouncers then like guests, granting us admission rather then welcoming us. Also, I never see them clean or pick up weights or do anything. The good1)It has a pool, basketball court, group fitness, cardio, TVs, free weights and Machines. (Old stuff but useable)2) They now have a cleaning crew that seems to be helping!
