1	We went to West Valley Rv & Marine last Saturday 3-22-14 to pick up a Uhaul cargo van. According to the UHaul website they're an authorized dealer. I explicitly waived the $10 charge for CDW during my online reservation and when we arrived to pick up the cargo van we were told it was a mandatory fee and we had to pay for it. We even spoke to the manager who said it wasn't optional yet, the website gives you the option to waive this charge. Had I known this wasn't optional, I would've gone with a different rental company. We're extremely upset because we believe this is extremely misleading. If I'm given the option to waive this charge online, it should be honored when I pick up the vehicle. I'm never renting from Uhaul again.
1	Bill H. of West Valley Rv & Marine says on his answer that it wasn't their fault that I'm upset and that they had to charge the fee anyway because they were told to do it.Them telling me when I get there before they give me the keys for my rental doesn't make this right. I had signed an agreement online, given them my credit card information and I had calculated how much it was going to cost. I specifically waived the insurance online because I was given this option. That means I didn't wanna pay for it so them telling me I had to pay for it at the store is very deceiving. It pretty much means, either you pay the insurance or you don't get the vehicle and if I don't get the vehicle, I can't get my furniture. I understand businesses are struggling these days and everybody wants to make a profit but that's a very disgusting way to make $10.I suppose you think I could've just canceled my rental right there and then and gone to another company but you have to keep in mind I had already driven there with my husband and my toddler to rent the van and I had already made arrangements to pick up the furniture I had to pick by using this van so the fact that I was told when I got there is actually very deceiving, whether is a $10 fee or a$100 fee,  you can't expect me to re-arrange all of this stuff and go to another company when I had made this arrangement to pick up my furniture weeks ago. It was a 3-4h rental, by the way. I just had to pick up furniture, bring it to my house, bring back the van. Done. Arguing with you at the store, posting a review and answering to your very unprofessional reply is taking longer than picking up my furniture and dropping it off at my house. Bottom line's Uhaul can't give you the option to waive a fee online and then charge you that fee when you go to the store to pick up your vehicle. That's just not what I agreed online and my agreement should've been honored. That's deceiving and that's why I'm upset about.Stay away from this store. They're not honest at all.
1	1 star is way too much for this place.  Will definitely never come back.
4	Highly recommended for RV service. Very friendly and attentive to my personal emergency-of-the-moment.Fast and straight forward diagnostic and remedy from a very compassionate shop.
