4	My friend and his fiance had a baby here yesterday. so i went out to visit him and the new addition. the map is wrong. it shows it close to Ray rd and Higley. way way wrong. it's off the US  60 and HigleyBanner Gateway Medical CenterHigley Road and US 601900 N. Higley RoadGilbert, Arizona 85234i'm too lazy to suggest it updated...probably wrong zip code or something.anyways...the hospital is beautiful. rooms were nice, with flat screen tvs in the maternity ward. nice flop couch for visitors to sack out. my friend was telling me the 'chef' in the cafeteria makes food to order. thats cool. it was pretty late when i was there...so i didn't really get to see that much. as hospitals go..i give it a thumbs up. i didn't come out sick...thats a good sign.
1	The staff at this hospital needs to be evaluated. I've never experience so many people having attitudes at only 6pm. I went recently because of experiencing ten side effects from an antibiotic I was put on after a procedure. I thought the right thing to do before going was to look up the side effects to the medication to make sure what I was experiencing was actually from that. I waited around 4 hours in the er which wasn't that bad, just seems like forever when you're sick. When I get to a room is when hell started. This fat doctor comes in trying to over talk me and interrupt me constantly as im trying to explain to him what my symptoms are. I tell him I looked up the medicine since I misplaced the paper that came with the medication. This seemed to piss him off like how dare I look up my symptoms on the internet. He tells me he doubts what I'm experiencing is from the medication. I tell him I wasn't having problems before with; dizziness, nausea, joint pain, fever, chills, sharp eye pain, confusion, headache, peeing less, loss appetite and serious fatigue to the point I have to use my alarm to keep waking up. I told him this was affecting me at work really bad. He still didnt believe me. So he ordered a chest x ray and urine sample. When he leaves some male nurse with an attitude came in because I hit the light to ask for a blanket. He rolled his eyes and said yea but the doctor need a urine sample. I told him I've been having problems peeing lately. I hadn't peed since around 7 that morning. So he huffed and went out to get some fat ass what I'm assuming is a charge nurse. She came in asking what the problem was in a nasty way. I told her all I said was I've been having problems peeing. I asked her why I was being treated like shit and like I disrespected someone because I didnt. She said I had to understand the doctor is frustrated because he deals with emergency issues and mine wasn't an emergency. She was talking to me like I had no business even being in the er. I told her I rarely go to the er and I try to take care of myself at home when I'm sick instead of coming to the er to have to deal with people like her. I don't care to get looked at funny because I'm Black and like I'm there for drugs. I said I'm there for answers on why my body was doing what it was. She asked when I was looking up the side effects why didnt I look up a UTI? I said well I'm not a doctor how would I know to look that up? She was just being a bitch to me. My test results came back that I didnt have a UTI or anything like they thought so I'm told its a viral infection and that it may be my taking of the antibiotic after all. Like no kidding its the antibiotic. I told the nurse that was discharging me that I will never come back to this hospital. She was very sweet and understanding. She apologized for their behavior but the damage was done. I should've learned my lesson one of the previous times I was here and had a doctor flat out ask me did I have 8 kids and was I on Ahcccs? I couldn't believe this happened but how would I file a complaint with no witness? Noone would believe one of their wonderful doctors would do something like that to a patient. There are some serious racial issues going on at this hospital and I won't return. I'm proud of who I am and I won't stand for anyone trying to make me feel like less of a person. Alot of the staff needs to be fired. Theres so many people struggling to find work and do carry themselves in a professional manner that can take these positions. Problem is theres a good amount of ungrateful bitches and assholes that already have the positions. Continuing to abuse their posiitons and authority.
1	I did file a complaint on the doctors and staff that did not carry themselves in a professional manner. I spoke with a hospital director and she was not happy but very apologetic. I still will not return to this hospital though.
2	Although the artwork is amazing and the place looks modern and sleek, the service and care is not so great. If a great look was all that was important in healthcare, they would win hands down but when sick or injured or worse...dying. These are not the things that matter to me. When your loved one is hooked up to many many different wires, needles, bags, machines, etc. and the alarms are going off, it would be nice to actually have someone act like it matters. Its important to know that your loved one is being cared for as if they were the caregivers own family member. I actually never met or spoke to a Dr. but I did visit several times and each time the alarms would go off and after waiting several minutes we would have to go get a nurse. Some were well within hearing distance and we were always told they would be there when they were done with whatever else they were doing which was never with another patient. Sad to say but If I ever need medical care in the future I don't want to be taken there.
4	I personally appreciated and loved the medical staff at  Gateway when my 11 year old sister had to utilize the E.R. a couple weeks ago. They were detailed oriented, and very attentive to her needs and ensured she was comfortable and well taken care of while being tended to.The rooms were very nice, and the E.R. wasn't a mess like many of my previous experiences to other hospitals E.R.'s.While we were there we made a visit to the Cafe. I've gotta say their food wasn't too bad. The pizza was great and they had a Starbucks to feed my caffeine fix. Take note tho, the vending machines are more expensive than the cafe, so take the few extra steps over there and grab your beverage.
3	My mom had surgery back in July here, and they were fabulous and very attentive to her needs. This time however, they don't give her pain meds when she needs them, some of the nurses are completely rude, and they take forever to answer their call light. My mom said she will not come back here, and I don't blame her. Three stars only because her first visit here went great.
5	I love there the goals,driven for employees. The desire for great care provided for patients. Key words compassion and respect!
1	I wish I had read the reviews regarding Banner Gateway Hospital before I went there for treatment.  I'm sure that the doctors are all good doctors, but they make mistakes too and the problem with those doctors is that they never admit it.  They all say, "every procedures has risks".  My wife was referred to Banner for a simple colonoscopy and an endoscopy with ultra sound.  She was in recovery with excruciating abdominal pain resulting in her having to spend the night on morphine.  They discharged her late that afternoon only to have her return at 1AM in the morning with the worst abdominal pain she has ever experienced.  She was there for 6 days, no food, little clear liquid diet and morphine, antibiotics and other meds administered.  Mostly the nurses were ok with the except of a few that had attitudes, and Gistopo nursing techniques.  Very rough and coarse.  PA's that don't have one iota of a clue as to what is going on and never stop to ask questions.  They just roll their eyes in disgust and walk out of the room.  It appears very evident that Banner really needs money, because we refused several tests that they wanted to perform and we said NO.  I have made a note in my wallet attached to my license, "in case of emergency, DO NOT TAKE ME TO BANNER/ GATEWAY Hosital"
1	My mom has stage four lung cancer thats spread throughout her body. She was told by  an oncologist that she has 3 months to live. We wanted a second opinion and decided to try MD Anderson Cancer Center at Banner Gateway. I was told that we needed to gather her medical records and then they would make the first appointment. Did that right away. I called for an update and asked when we should expect a call back and i was told that its their policy not to give time frames for first appointments and that ill be notified once her records have been reviewed. I am pretty floored that a cancer center would add to the anxiety cancer patients and their families are already experiencing by not giving us any idea of when we can expect my mom to be treated. THey have had her records for a week now... this is ridiculous.
2	I have to say I'm not real happy with the way I have been treated the last few times here. I was having an asthma attack and the doctor had no clue what to do. The doctor released me when I should of been put in the hospital. I was at home after being released no longer then 30 min when I was rushed back not breathing and was put in the hospital. The first doctor should of taking better care of me and I should of never been released.
1	Went to ER for vomiting, got in quickly but I felt like they wanted to give me anything and everything that I did not need including pain meds.  I have been requesting an itemized bill and copy of my medical records for over a month and have not recieved anything after calling and speaking to someone or leaving messages three times.  I would highly recommend anyone seen at any hospital to request an itemized bill and copy of their medical records.  Unfortunetly theese days sometimes you are your own best advocate.
4	I was here several weeks ago with a case of cellulitis in my foot.  I went to the E.R., and got admitted rather quickly actually.  The staff was nice, and my Dr. was a cool guy.  Overall I had a good experience.  I got ill, they gave me meds.  What else can I say?  They did their job, lol
3	Review as a visitor - I haven't been a patient here.I have been spending way too much time in hospitals lately.This one was for the daughter of a friend in for some serious internal stuff.I spent time with her in the ICU - as well as 2 "regular" rooms.The hospital is well laid out, good signage, and not so large you can log a 5K getting from the parking lot to the rooms. It's new and clean, well appointed and almost seems more resort-y than hospital-y. (Piped in jazz with birds chirping playing outside, color-changing LED fixtures, etc.)The staff has been hit and miss - but I think that would take place anywhere. When they are on, they are GREAT and the treatment I watched is everything you could want, other instances, It seems communication is a bit of an issue. (Too busy to log into the nearest computer and check the chart prior to entering the room? Could be - but it gives the impression the left hand doesn't always know what the right is doing.)I am not a fan of foodservice only being from 7am to 7pm. And I really can't stand hospitals - so for me to consider one as A-OK is really quite good.
4	I was at Banner Gateway for pain after a procedure. I arrived at about 3am and I was taken back right away. The triage nurse, Dr. Vance and my assigned nurse Paul were wonderful. I could not have received better treatment.My problem came after I was discharged. I no sooner walked out the secure doors and realized I forgot to ask for a copy of my labs. I went and tried to ask the new triage nurse Steve or Steven if there was any way I could go back and ask the doctor or my nurse for a copy of my labs. He told me NO. I had to go to medical records because it was against hospital policy to release a copy of my labs. I then said to him that I have been a frequent patient over the last few months and it has NEVER been a problem before. I then stated that I did not feel well enough to walk down the hall to get them and I would just ask my family doctor to get a copy because that is who I wanted them for anyway. Steve(n) then said to me that I couldn't even do things the right way.FIRST, I am the patient and I was there because I was in severe pain. Also, I am paying for a service and was not rude to him (yet) therefore he had no business treating a patient with utter disrespect. I walked away and said wow, what an ass. This nurse came out and chastised me in front of another patient. Really? What is wrong with having my doctor get my lab results? They then had security stand me because I appeared to be a threat.I will never go back to this ER because after I spoke to the charge nurse, he did nothing to address how Steve(n)spoke to me.  The charge did go and ask for permission to give me a copy of my labs and brought them to me in front of the hospital where I stood crying. If you become a nurse to help people then maybe compassion is something that you should use. After my sleepless night due to pain, I did not deserve to be treated in the manner in which this nurse treated me. I was already suffering and  in pain and after being treated was feeling a little better to only leave the hospital in tears.
5	The level of patient service here is great. If you actually have an EMERGENT issue, you will get treated like a patient. Nearly every review on here of bad service is from someone who did not have a severe or life-threatening issue. I went in a while ago for abdominal pain, got into a triage room within a minute of walking in the door, and was admitted and upstairs waiting for my surgery within a few hours. Every nurse and doctor I encountered did everything they could to make me feel comfortable and ease my nerves. If you go to an ER with a "headache" or "vomiting" of course you're going to be treated as though you're wasting their time, because you are. Go to an urgent care. That's what those are for.
2	My husband took our son there after he fell on his hand at home.  His finger was sticking out in a strange direction. After 4 hours and a consultation with both a radiologist and hand specialist (both looked at the Xray, neither saw our son's hand), we were told his fingers were neither dislocated nor broken. We couldn't see a hand specialist for 5 days because of a 3 day weekend, and there we learned that both fingers were broken, one needed to be reset.  Because it had been so long, the reset didn't work very well and surgery was required a week later.  I was very disappointed in the quality of care from Banner Gateway. Our copay was $150. When they determined that our son could eat (b/c he wouldn't need emergency surgery), I asked if they could order some food for him. She told me to just go to the cafeteria.  In our previous experience, they feed kids in the ER when they 've been there for 4 hours.
1	Thank you for deleting my review because it shines the light on how terrible this hospital is, Luckily - I have it saved so I can paste it as many times as I'd like, and have shared with everyone I know to avoid this horrific establishment: Absolute Garbage. Worst hospital I've ever witnessed in action.My father fell and fractured his hip.Day 1:they withold my father from eating as they say hes going to have surgery that daywe keep asking, nurses have no idea when he's having surgerylunch rolls around, dinner rolls around, still no food and still no surgery (He has low blood sugar, diabetes, and is 74)at night they say they realize it wouldn't be able to happen that day, tell him and ask if he wants dinner (which took another hour to be delivered to him).My mom took off work, which cut into her schedule and really screwed us over.Day 2: surgery scheduled for 3 pm.mom gets off work early, we get here at 2 and wait. (Granted I have school, she took off more time for work, and my dad's going without food again)3 doctor rolls on in, states some genius had a hole in their glove and contaminated all the work equipment which would take an hour to fix. 4 pm rolls around. 5 pm rolls around. 6 pm rolls around. We ask every hour what in hell is going on, still receive no information - at 6, we finally learn that an emergency case came in and they used the room which they had prepped for my dad, and said it would be another 20 minutes.6:30 rolls around. they come in tell us another 20 minutes.7:15 rolls around. my dad is raging, and we're trying to calm him down but he hasn't eaten all day and is in a lot of pain - I don't blame him for being pissed at this horrendous system they call a hospital.7:30 rolls around and they finally get him in, but I forgot to mention the nurses who all gathered his information all went home (boy lucky them) so we got some potato head genius's who roll in asking all the same questions, which just makes this situation feel even more smooth.All in all, this is the biggest joke of a hospital experience I've witnessed.If I was there for the first day, I would have had him transferred to another hospital.Surprised my mother didn't. If I was there the first day, I would have probably exploded at the staff about how incompetent they were.would not recommend anyone with a sick or injured family member to come here. we came here because it was closer, but next time will definitely tell ambulance or whoever to take the injured person out of their way to banner baywood or banner desert.PROS:- friendly nurse staff-clean environment-good hospital foodCONS:-terrible communcation skills (Between staff and staff-to-patient)-horrible bedside manner in shift transition (potato heads waltz in asking redudant questions with a cheeky smile on their face when we've waitied for days and are irate beyond belief. how about some communication if you don't feel like getting yelled at).-awful time management and design scheme, how about we make patients wait for days when they have conditions that could put their life in danger if they don't eat.I would give this place a 0 for their service, and a negative score for trying to hide my review. Disgusting.
5	My son was just born here. Awesome staff, clean & nice facility. Staff was super nice. The couch is a little stiff but that's ok. I would be glad to have our next child here. Our nurses, Doctor & anesthesiologist were super cool & took great care of us. Would recommend this labor unit to anyone & everyone.
4	This was my first time at the Canyon Springs Medical Center; this was a mammography apt. Staff was friendly, welcoming. My wait time was 10 minutes. The technician was thoughtful and understanding when she noticed that I was nervous.The center is clean and most importantly they provide you with a locked locker for your belongings. You get a nice warm robe for this procedure.I will definitely recommend this place to all my friends.
1	Have been leaving message for a MONTH now, trying to get an appointment at one of their offices. I keep being told that the person who answers the phone can't make appointments, and being transferred to a voicemail box. NO ONE has called me back to make a basic appointment.  I already had the referred submitted by my primary doc, and now I have to pick a new doctor and program. WTH is wrong with this place?!
1	Holy Crap! If you want to die go to Banner Gateway Hospital....too much to explain but trust me you're better off going to some voo doo witch doctor or doing some home remedies before you should come to this place!
2	Went to emergency room on 4/6/14. I was already on a therapy that was affecting me and had contracted flu or food poisoning, and was VERY ill. I was already low immune system and on immune boosting drugs. Dehydrated and passing out. Asked for gurney as I was unable to sit in chair, and they said they did not have one? Got in, needed restroom and nurse took me in there without helping me on toilet. Left me there in bathroom by myself sick and screaming for help with no call button.  Got to back room, and Dr was rude, as well as lab tech. He came into my room and was in wrong room. and said "thanks for telling me." Not my fault he went to wrong room for tests. Dehydrated and ill, I was seen quite quickly, how ever Dr asked me is I was allergic to Codeine. I said "yes" because I had the big red bracelet and they had prior chart from previous visit a few months ago. Before I left he tried to give me a script for pain for Codeine? I am HIGHLY allergic to it. Read your chart! If I would of taken it it would of killed me. Bottom line, horrible experience, WILL NOT return, and would not send my worst friend there. Beware of this hospital. I did not even include all the details, really there is more... God help those who go there.
1	I see I am not the only one that was treated unprofessionally here. My daughter had a good birth experience, but thats it for a good review.The emergency dr, a fat old guy, was an arrogant, rude, pompous dot dot fizz fizz starz. i had an xray somewhere else and they sent me to er because i had a little break in my hip. this jerk asks me if i had anything else wrong with me. yes i do.so i told him.So because he was a know it all, more less just stupid. he sent me to get a cat scan on my wrong body part. Then he had the nerve to ask why i told him about my other problem if i wasn't here for that. He should not be still working as Dr. since he has a memory worse than a fly. Then I had to get a new cat scan and he determined it was not broke.This KOOk said my other hip could not be dislocated because it would have had to be fixed. what a dumb star fizz quirk. So i used the medical term hip dysplasia. he said O well thats different, not the same thing. You can look up in a regular dictionary (doesnt even have to be medical) and see YES they ARE the same.PLUS there were NO other patients in the ER. (GEE I WONDER WHY) and he still couldn't handle his job!They shouldn't even get one star.Save yourself! BEWARE! dont go! Their photo should be a skull and crossbones and displayed boldly at entranceAND on EVERY AFFILIATED DR.s Business card.their orthopedic staff sucks too.The right thing they could do is read these reviews and get their medical act together. For the safety and well being of unsuspecting people that are hurting and vulnerable.The ER DOC'S GOT THEIR DEGREE ON LINE FROM CRACKER JAX UNIVERSITY
5	Possible broken nose for son and all's well and good.  Fast.  In and out within 2 hrs.  Nice staff.  I asked if this was normal time frame and was told it's hit or miss.   Will come again
4	I delivered my son here a few months ago and was very impressed with the labor and delivery department. The entire department is self-enclosed, so unlike other banner hospitals, you must be buzzed in by a staff member. This gave me a sense of security during my stay there. They have a Japanese soaking tub, which unfortunately because my water broke prior to labor I was unable to use, but it sounded amazing. They have room service for the mothers and have a daily cookie service for anyone who happens to be in your room when they come by. They also have a nice courtyard for you to spend time in before and after your delivery. It was so nice to have somewhere to go outside after being cooped up in a room for a long time. The staff was so caring. I ended up needing a c-section and I was very scared and nervous about it, especially because my husband couldn't be in with me during the spinal. One of the nurses held me close and let me cry on her shoulder as I was getting the spinal and let me know everything was going to be ok. They made me feel so much better and didn't make me feel stupid for crying. They were very professional during the C-section and the recovery nurse was great with helping my husband tend to my son while the anesthesia was wearing off. My only complaint is that no one told us that the room service and food was apart of our overall bill until the second day we were there. I would have ordered more food and not been quite so stingy had I known that. It was a great experience though and I plan on delivering any other children I may have in the future here.
5	I want to give a shout out to all the nurses and doctors that helped me and my wife during her delivery. Every one did a great job and a special thanks to nurse Megan Horn for her help with the delivery and her attention to personal care.  This is our second baby at this hospital and we have always been treated well.
1	Do not go to this ER. Very unprofessional, uncaring, to the point of unsafe. Reading the other reviews has convinced me to never ever return for emergency care. 0 stars. The front staff "care" was so unprofessional I felt like I was in some sort of comedy show where the staff is overly unfriendly for comedy sake only, my life was at stake. They really could not have cared less.
4	I was admitted into Banner Gateway through the emergency room and was seen at once. I know this was unusual. The nurses and the CNA's were great. They were always asking if they could do anything else, beyond what their jobs were. The only problem was that Senora Quest cane in at 3 in the morning.  I started calling them vampires
2	hate the er these people are crazy i alredy know all about the doctor daughter because i can hear him talk to the nurse's while im here waiting in pain fuck man...
1	This hospital instead of looking into complaints, and trust me they have many others, they just delete. Look at my public Facebook I Posted there too. People go to you sometimes because they are dying and you don't care how the Dr.'s treat the patients. It is is only about their ego's, not your life.So who is sicker? In my BOOK Banner Gateway is sick
4	Had a procedure done here last week after miscarrying, and the staff/nurses were all very sweet. My surgery was scheduled for 10 am, and me being paranoid asked for one last ultrasound before they did the procedure. It backed up the surgery by over an hour, and although I could tell the doc wasnt too happy about it, he still let it happen, and the nurses were all understanding. I am happy I used this hospital, and my mom and husband who were there with me were impressed with how nice everyone was as well. The only thing that went wrong was they had to try 7 times with the iv to get it right, which left me pretty bruised up..they had to end up putting me under with a mask and then do an iv when I was out cold ...But that really wasnt their fault, I believe I was dehydrated. I just wish they put me under and did what they did, before they tried 7 times.
1	I will never return to this hospital. The first time I came to this hospital was for my finances mother's surgery. She was treated so kindly and the staff was awesome. BUT when it came to my experience it was different. I was expecting my first child due on July 2nd. I went in on the morning of June 27th and the triage nurses were horrible. I had maybe one that was helpful. They went ahead and sent me home being that I was not dilated enough. I came back around 4pm and the nurse finally admitted me. They took good care of me all the way until after my delivery. I sat in my filthy sheets for about 4 hours before they actually gave me a room. Also all the nurses treated me and my fiancee horribly for our entire stay. What should have been a beautiful experience and a happy time for our new family turned out to be a giant nightmare. For certain reasons I will not say, I was not helped in learning on how to breast feed my child. No would explain to why this was happening until I demanded to speak to someone of higher authority. And all because of this situation I was beyond stressed in a time where I should of have been filled with happiness. I WILL NEVER GO BACK  TO THIS HOSPITAL.ALSO I forgot to add I had to deal with a social worker at this hospital and she was completely rude. Would not listen to me or my fiancee. She did not provide other parties involved in the situation with the correct information and she would not let me be released until she had made certain phone calls. I swear the women was trying to ruine my life as well as take my child. As I look back at this time it breaks my heart.
1	The worst hospital in the world. We waited two hours in a waiting room suffering with pain, and ended up leaving and going to mercy gilbert who took us right away.  Oh, and the doctors don't know what their talking about . I feel very unsafe at this hospital and would never recommend this to anyone.
