4	This is a nice non-casino hotel.  It is not on the Strip, but it is adjacent to the Hard Rock Hotel Casino and across the street from Terrible's Hotel Casino.  The Atrium Suite has a courtesy shuttle to and from McCarrans. The drivers are fast, so you do not have to wait long. Also, the courtesy van will take you to the Strip. It will not pick you up, but they explain the procedure before leaving the hotel.There is a nice small restaurant in the hotelOK, here goes... When I got into my suite, the refridgerator door was open. So, I could not put anything in it immediately.The TV in the living room did not work!  I was pissed off.There was a smudge on the bedroom vanity/sink area.The registration clerk was very chatty, so there was a loooong wait to check in.On departure, I need to leave the hotel at 6:30am.  The courtesy shuttle starts at 6:15am.  But the driver never showed up that morning.So, the hotel called and advanced paid the cab driver.  Now, for that, I added an additional star!
3	We stayed here on this past NYE (2007) because of the outrageou$$$ costs of hotels on the strip on NYE night. Atrium is located technically I think 2 blocks away from the strip... no biggs right? WRONG. Those are some mighty big blocks, totaling over 1 mile!What, you love walking? Hmmmm well I'm sure you won't think so on a cold (non-snowy but still frigid) winter desert night or a blazing hot summer night. What? You're still set on walking to the strip?Fine then, but be aware you're walking on a fairly busy street without a sidewalk. Ya, there you go- enjoy that. (I'm suuuure there are no drunk drivers in Vegas that at any second could swerve onto the rocky non-sidewalk walking area).Ok so maybe you decide to cab it to the strip (smart kid)....Back to the hotel. It's ok. nothing fancy...at all. Kinda smelly corridors and it has a weird vending machine whose products made me feel a quite ill. Our room had an interesting architectural plan that made it feel more like 2 separate rooms (think large studio) - nice! However the fake 3-D wallpapered border drove me nuts. I know that is extremely minor, but hey, I'm picky.Overall fine place to stay if you gotta save a buck, or if for some reason you want to get away from the strip. Just make sure you're ready to cab it!
3	Don't want to be hassled? Don't want to pay a fortune? Still want to be close to the strip? Well, yea. That's what we wanted too. Oh! And it's by the Hard Rock! (which we never made it to).... boooo....Atrium is cool. It's chill, parking is easy, it's conveniently close to the Strip but also it's on the back roads so it's easy to get to wherever you want to go easily.Bed was comfy and huge. It was nice to have a sink in our room because it was convenient for the girls to get ready there AND still allow the guys to use the potty. :) There's a fridge so that's nice. Gripes. The stupid keys wouldn't really work! It was always a hassle to try to get back into the room. It was funny too so I guess it wasn't too bad. O. There was construction going on. Not that I minded but I wouldn't give a place that I could see their dry wall 4 stars ya know?Front desk didn't hassle anyone which was nice. They gave us extra towels but didn't have extra blankets which was whack. Overall, it was good. Nothing bad and nothing overly fantastic. Btw. There was some weird sound in the room. What the heck was that clicking thing! hahhaa I guess that's my biggest gripe. That and the room key situation. GOOD TIMES THOUGH. :)
4	1.26.08 I would say its a 3.5. It was really quick and easy to get to the other hotels, the back routes made it a breeze. The room was one bedroom and a small living room. The girls shared a big king size bed. The first night was funny since it was only two girls on the bed we felt so far from each other. Even with three girls it was pretty roomy.Really like the fact that there's a sink in the bedroom, sink outside in the living room, and of course a sink in the bathroom. The place is pretty dead for being in vegas I think that was the only down side. They are remodeling, soon enough it might get popping in there. Great prices, good deal. O and there's a refrigerator..Cold alcohol, That's a plus!
