4	I agree with Shannon's review in that Pita Paradise has a great location in the middle of the Desert Ridge shopping center.  I stopped in there last night (Sunday) at prime time for dinner (7:15ish).  There were some people eating there, but I placed an order to-go as we were trying to make it to a movie.  I had the falafel pita sandwich and it came with french fries and a small greek salad.  It was tasty... I've had better, but what do you expect from a mediterranean place in the middle of a North Phoenix shopping center?!  I would go back...The staff was very friendly and the owner even through in a small container for me to sample their hummus!If you want kebabs, falafel, gyro, hummus, greek salad, or anything of the sort, and you find yourself in North Phoenix, check this place out !  :)
4	I went to pita paradise with a certificate I purchased online, but found out that since they were under new ownership they could not take it,  but the owner offered me a great discount and dessert on the house to try them out.  I was thourghly impressed with the owners attempt to make me a returning customer and service was excellent not to mention the food.  try the baklava it's to die for. Will definetly return to this place.
1	My parents had a 20 dollar off a 50 dollar purchase coupon and off we went.  Having just returned from Greece, maybe I'm being a food snob but this was not traditional Greek food.  My Mom seems to think they are under new ownership because she said the food was very different from the time before.We enter an empty restaurant with fake and dried flower arrangements (a big pet peeve of mine).  We order Greek Salad and it is teeming with dressing and very little feta.  Our Kabobs reminded me of the Indian food I had the week before and accompanied with "steamed" vegetables that look like the kind you buy from the frozen section of your local supermarket.  Pita is not fresh.  Portion size is good though due to the loads of basmati rice on the plate.  Decent amount of chicken for the money.  Service was attentive.  An old Sting concert is blasting from the random flat screens located around the restaurant.  Unfortunately, while we were there we got caught in an unusual heavy rainstorm.  We were there long enough for the Sting concert to be over only for them to restart it and play it again.  I was trapped in my own personal hell!  Andes candies at the end wrapped up this "Greek" experience.
5	The sample of hummus outside is enough to draw me in.  It was really great hummus!  The gyro was very good, and a very good size portion.  I would recommend coming in for lunch, or try to catch the belly dancing and live int'l band on Friday or Saturday nights.  It's a lot of fun!
4	I had a very good experience dining late night at Pita Paradise this past Friday.  I went with two friends and the boyfriend.  :)  I liked the ambience of the place, since they had Middle Eastern music videos on tv and then a live dj playing some exciting ethnic tracks.  The location was great!  We ate there before going to a movie at AMC.  I ordered the Veggie Combo entree, which they were able to create as a single order, since it is usually a dish for "two" to share.  It was beautiful!  Presentation was lovely, and the food was also very tasty.  It came with fried and sauced zuchini and eggplant, caprese with dill and other herbs, spanakopita that was out-of-this-world, and falafel with the obligatory side of tabouli.  It was all very tasty.  The hostess outside also said the entire menu was organic.  The taste was really exceptional.  My only complaint is that everything was fried (except the tabouli and the caprese).  When I eat organic, I hope for that healthy-full feeling in my tummy, but grease kinda takes away from that a little.  :)  My boyfriend had the chicken shwarma and loved it!  I sampled some of his basmati rice, which was really tasty!  Our friends both ordered kebabs, and they were happy too.  Oh!  And $1 bottled beers and $3 you-call-it's!?!  That's so awesome, and we took advantage!  ;)  All in all, this was a great experience!
3	I can't understand how this perfect location doesn't do more business.  Unless it's prime hours friday and saturday night, it's just never busy whenver I go here or walk by when visiting Desert Ridge.Falafel is ok, fries are ok, hummus is ok, but service is often substandard and this is extremely frustrating when it is not busy.  If it's not busy, what are you doing? Prices are in line with other restaurants at Desert Ridge, but given that the food isn't spectacular I'll just go elsewhere for my falafel fix.
3	We swung by this place for a quick bite to eat before picking up our kid from a birthday party at the nearby pottery place. Got a plate of pita with 5 different kinds of hummus. God, it was good! We had no clue there were so many kinds of this good stuff. On the expensive side though, particularly if you also order drinks which I recall were more than $2 a piece.
3	I was in the mood for some Greek food and happened upon this place while at Desert Ridge with the family. As typical of my wife and I, we each ordered something that appealed to us and ate family style. Ordered Kafka sandwich and Beef kabob. The food went over rather well with us, the Beef Kabob used higher grade beef and the Kafka Sandwich had really good flavor. We sat out on the front patio and enjoyed people watching. The waitress was very accommodating to my little girl that just wanted to run around, especially since there was a water fountain to play with close by. I will say this, the prices almost kept us away, they seemed a bit high for Greek food, but the quality of the food and the nice waitress helped to soften the bill when it arrived.
