5	Food was great! Everything we had was excellent. Drinks took a little bit but the food far made up for it with it being their first night. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for something different but very high end in Madison
5	Went to the official opening tonight with my wife. We arrived a little after 6 and we're told it'd be a half hour wait and they'd text us when our seats were ready. We sat at the bar and got a Yep in my White Tea and a Shipwrecked. The Shipwrecked was very good.  The coconut wasn't overwhelming with just a light lime taste. The White Tea was light and refreshing, but I was expecting a bigger flavor in a sangria.After about 28 minutes a staff member walked up to us and let us know it might be about another 15 minutes before we were seated and told us he'd buy us a drink if it took longer then that. We were seated about 10 minuets after that. This was a good harbinger of what was to come. Throughout the meal we had excellent service, almost too many stops by the table to see how things were going.The dining area was smaller and tighter then I would have guessed.  I didn't see the noodle bar area, so maybe there's more to it then the front dining area. There's some outdoor seating but it appears only for drinking, not eating.We started off with the fried squid. It had a light coating and came with an chili mayo. The coating was simple and showed off the high quality of the squid. It had perfect texture and the mayo added a good kick.  The Kim and Kim hot sauce from the table was great on it as we'll.I ordered the Jjamppong and my wife got BBQ Pan Fry Noodle. We switched our plates a couple times throughout the meal.  The Jjamppong had a good amount of seafood. The two scallops were prepared perfectly tender. The shrimp and muscles had nothing fancy done too them, and we're allowed to just show off their quality.  The spicy pork added a nice element to the dish as a contrast to the seafood.  This all sat atop a good sized pile of noodles in a spicy broth.  The broth had great flavor without relying too heavily on salt or heat. The noodles were excellent and were not just an after thought. The only down to the dish was the oysters were a little gritty.  The BBQ Noodle was scattered with a wonderful pork with a smokey flavor. The greens in the dish were cooked, but still firm, with a slightly bitter finish. Once again the noodles were great with a good sauce. The restaurant had a good theme of great flavors that don't over power or rely on too much sugar or sodium.Our bill including 2 drinks, appetizer, 2 entrees, and tip was exactly $70. I will be back, soon. I debated on a 4 or 5 star review, but the food quality won me over.
1	I ordered the ramen bowl and the broth was completely inedible. It tasted like water and oil. They didn't have any additional condiments like soy sauce or salt and pepper on the table. It took another 15 minutes to flag someone down to get some soy sauce. For $12 bucks it was a total rip off. Not only was it inauthentic but it was not even palatable without copious amounts of condiments. If you're looking for good and cheaper noodles, go to Umami or Ha Long Bay instead.
4	The food was fairly good.  The Tteokbokki was a little off (barbecue sauce flavor, and the fish cakes were seared and a little chewy) and the kimchi was a little too fresh.  The Ssam was delicious, and the pineapple frozen custard cone was a delightful way to end the meal.  I wish they had smaller bottles of Soju so that two people could actually enjoy it properly with their meal.I've always been a huge fan of Tori's food at both LeToile and Graze, and hearing that he was opening a Korean restaurant excited me to no end! Overall, I think this was a pretty good start, I will have to visit again and try more! On a side note, the two tops are a little small to fit everything on when having a dish that requires a burner.  Also, the service was a little sporadic, with little communication by the servers on how dishes work, and check backs, but I'm chucking that up to it being only the second day since the hard open.
5	My first lunch at Sujeo lived up to the high expectations I had of Chef Tory Miller, Southeast Asian street food, and local Wisconsin ingredients.  We started with the Som Tam salad, where Wisconsin kohlrabi replaces the green papaya from the original Thai version.  It was perfect and didn't feel like an ingredient compromise at all - a great local take on the traditional salad.  En route to the restaurant, I told my friend that there was one particular dish I hoped to see on the menu, and, sure enough, they serve Khao Soi.  This became a favorite of mine on a visit to Chiang Mai, the home of this lovely comfort food curry chicken noodle dish.  While it's not the easiest Thai meal to find in the U.S., I've tried it many times, and Sujeo's Khao Soi is the best I've had in the States and it's right up there with the first bowl I had at the Chiang Mai night market!  It's a little spicier than some, so be sure to take the advice we received from our server and have a taste before you add the chili oil!  We'll definitely be back soon to tour more of the menu!
3	3 stars for a OK first experience. I would definitely come to Sujeo again to try more dishes since I love Korean cuisine. I think maybe this time I just didn't pick the right dishes. The menu has more than just Korean influence though...for example there is Bahn Mi on it which is Vietnamense, a variation of General Tso's which is Chinese, Kawali which is Filipino. Definitely more a fusion restaurant rather than a straight up authentic Korean restaurant. Started off with the Roof Party Viral Pop cocktail. I'm obsessed with anything that has ginger beer in it so had to order the drink. I loved the watermelon flavor in it which usually isn't paired with ginger beer so I enjoyed the variation. For an appetizer had the Sichaun Beef Tongue Salad. It was tasty and non-intimidating at all considering it was tongue. However a bit over seasoned and a little salty. I would have appreciated maybe 50% less seasoning to really have the flavors of the meat come through. If you order one of the larger meals like the KBR (Korean Broasted Chicken) Ssam, Budae Jigae, or Kimchi Jigae. You get the banchan included with the meal. So about 7 small side dishes. Dipping sauces and some come with lettuce and steamed buns to make wraps/sandwiches. The Ssam I really thought was just ok in terms of flavor and concept. The meat was brought out and placed on a portable grill on our table. It was in a broth which is tricky to make sandwiches/wraps out of. Traditionally in Korean cuisine you have marinated meat that is grilled on the table that you can place in your lettuce wraps. To have a meat dripping with broth is weird.The KBC I thought was really good. Better than KFC definitely. The crust was my favorite part. But the price is high. If you want to get the KBC I would say go sit at the noodle bar (hours vary for the noodle bar- more late night hours...and smaller menu) but the price is cheaper. My favorite part of the meal actually was the custard!!! The homemade custard was delicious. Heck I would just go back for that. It was 3 dollars for the cone and the flavor that night was pineapple. Ammmazing.
3	I agree with Kathy B.  The ramen my fiance got was tasteless and watery.  We told the chef the problem and received a dish of soy sauce, which did not make it taste better at all.  I'm not sure if the chef actually tasted that broth because if he did, he would know it was absolutely unacceptable. The three stars go toward the noodle soup that I got, rather pho.  It tasted more like a hybrid of ramen and pho and I appreciated the quality ingredients and the chef's rendition of the vietnamese beef ball. Truthfully though, I'd rather go to Saigon noodle or nam's for pho.  The service was great (we sat at the noodle bar). Although they were busy and it took a little while for our waiter to get to us, I find the service to be on point and pleasant. I would like to come back and see what else Sujeo has to offer (and hopefully give a better review), but I think I will be avoiding the ramen in the future
3	Pt. 1Paid $22 for Tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet), a half full box of white rice, and what tasted like box miso soup. In Seoul this meal is served exactly as it was at Sujeo, except there it's served in the Korean equivalent of a diner for $3 US. This dish at Sujeo was the equivalent of an American restaurant in Korea serving hotdogs for $20 bucks a pop. It's one thing if you put a unique gourmet spin on a classic dish. It's another to just take advantage of people's ignorance.pt.2Sujeo was nice enough to offer me a gift card, so I gave it another shot and ordered the General Tso Chicken Livers and a side Thai Egg Salad to go. Great choices. The Tso spin on the livers was delicious and the egg salad was fresh and interesting - unlike any Thai dish I've encountered in Madison (not to mention the box of rice was full this time). While the Tonkatsu was disappointing, Sujeo definitely seems to have some worthwhile selections.  I look forward to trying more.
5	This is my first review because this place deserves 5 stars.  The cocktails are complex and quenching, the custard was playful and unexpected and pleasant.  A great end to an amazing meal.  Will be back for more!
1	This place is completely overrated. It's a Korean infused Noodles & Company at best. It blows my mind to hear that people are waiting almost 2 hours to eat here. Don't waste your time and money. Madison has way better to offer.
2	Had high expectations going in since Chef Tory Miller is at the helm. Was disappointed  from what I got. The pork and shrimp potstickers were pretty good, but my entrees weren't that great. I went with the chili crab which was very unsatisfying especially at the market price for $32...for half a crab. The presentation didn't make it very appetizing and the taste was bland. You should probably stay away from the pork tonkatsu because it's just a deep fried pork cutlet served with rice. Oh and it's $22. I will give this restaurant another try because sometimes a newly opened restaurant still has to get in a swing of things and I've only experience part of the menu. I hope my next visit will be better.
5	This place. Wisconsin will never get it. I don't even think Tory really gets it. Solving the Asian American in the Midwest problem is a PhD thesis. Any Asians bent on developing their culture are on the coasts or in a big city. There are not enough of us cheerleading the culture, and our learned Midwestern hospitality doesn't help the cause. Being out in Madison and looking for Asian food is like being out in the wild west looking for a philharmonic orchestra. Even us real, authentic, grown-in-an-Asian-home slant eyes don't get it because we grew up on our own mothers' food, and "my mom's is better than your mom's." Don't get me started on all of us being lumped together despite not knowing much outside of our parents' border designations...But that's why it's so amazing that this dude who grew up in an American home in Racine is making what is, essentially, the most interesting Asian food in the city.So. In order to get the most out of Sujeo do something like this: eat here; talk about the food; go to Ha Long Bay and Saigon Noodles; compare the pho; hit up Hong Kong Cafe and Jade Garden; post a funny story about making fried rice; ask Shinji to make more ramen at Muramoto; have some steam buns at Graze and have some steam buns at Umami; post a picture on instagram; comment on your friends' pictures; develop an opinion (my favorite joint is Wasabi); hit up Hong Kong Station or Ichiban or Fugu; then go to Chicago, eat at Fat Rice, drink a lot, crash, and wake up to dim sum at Phoenix.And bring me along.***If all you want is to know what to get to be safe at the scary foreign restaurant: Khao Soi is loud and flavorful and familiar to Thai curry fans. The Shio Ramen is really well executed, rich, and contemplative. Chili Crab is hard to eat on dates (which can be impressive to the sexiest of ladies). The KBC (Korean Broasted Chicken) and the General Tso Chicken Livers are both hip and accessible. Japchae and, I've heard, the BBQ Pan Fry are both accessible but less hip. Also, get the soft serve.
4	Great experience that totally lived up to my expectations! Thank you Chef Tory Miller for another wonderful addition to Madison's food scene! I can't wait to visit again! My boyfriend and I came to Sujeo the 2nd saturday after it's opening, around 7:30pm. The wait was 1.5-2h. We were devastated since we came straight from a 15h flight.. However, we were directed to the noodle bar! And HOORRAY, no wait, but it was either 2 seaters, or bar seats (which was totally great for us). The bar seats were amazing cos you get to watch the noodle bar AND Chef Tory Miller in action! Just a note, it is a reduced menu at the noodle bar, but still totally amazing!We got the Khao Soi (spicy chicken noodles) and the Korean broasted chicken! Khao Soi - amazing amazing soup. rather spicy, but great for leftovers, i made more noodles and finished it up with some bread ;) there was ample amount of meat, a big drumstick tender and juicy, and lots of chopped chicken meat. very very good. love the chewiness of the noodles as well!Korean broasted chicken - the only thing inhibiting me from getting it again, is the price. $20 for 4 gigantic chicken pieces. 2 dark, 2 white. The meat was so juicy, my boyfriend thought the white meat was dark meat! The batter was really tasty and crispy, i didn't even need the dipping sauce on the side. Overall, really enjoyable experience. Food was as tasty as I thought. I'm excited to visit again, but hopefully at some point, reservations can be accepted... for groups bigger than 4?
3	There is a certain cult of personality that surrounds Tory in the Madison area.  And understandably so.  He's been uber successful taking over L'Etoile and starting Graze.  Winning a James Beard award also helps.  Leading up to the opening of Sujeo, there were several articles about it.  Madison was definitely abuzz with what was in store.  Count me in as one of them.  And after dining there, I have one word...underwhelmed.  Correction, underwhelmed with the exception of one thing...the price.  The interior looks rather cheap and sparse....a poor man's Ikea if there is such a thing.  The menu definitely read interesting...apps and sides, a daily hot pot selection, rice dishes, as well as other entrees.  I went with the General Tso Chicken Liver with sweetbreads and chicken thigh.My girlfriend with the Japchae-sweet potato glass noodles with steak, bacon and mushrooms.  My dishes ingredients were fried with a heavy crust and served with a solid sauce.  Would it be a meal I would come back for?  Probably not but it was good.  What wasn't good was the $14 price point.  A dish that is comprised of 80% chicken livers doesn't warrant it.  My better half's dish was slightly less memorable.  It was extremely plain tasting and the sauce fell flat.As we paid and walked out, we commented that if you took Tory out of the equation, Sujeo would be an afterthought compared to the other top notch Lao, Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese restaurants we have in town.  But because it's Tory, there will continue to be long lines and people gushing about the food.  That's a shame as currently, the food and the setting in which it is served in is just not good.
4	Have been to Sujeo twice now, and will certainly be returning in the near future.  The restaurant space is a bit small, and thus far that's meant there will be a decent wait for a table, and large groups (8+) likely need to split up in order to cut down on the wait time for a table.The drinks are very good, I've sampled a few of the offerings this far and have come away pleased each time, with the Roof Party Viral Pop probably being my favorite.  As for the food, the offerings have been far and away the best Asian food I've had in Madison, though that isn't necessarily the highest of praise as the city seems fairly devoid of anything that compares to what you can get in more major cities.The first thing I tried was the Japchae, which while decent felt like it was missing...something.  Whether that was more spice, or just some additional flavor, I'm not sure, but I wouldn't recommend ordering it despite the promising mix of ingredients that are involved.  The second time around I went with the Dan Dan noodles which were much, much better.  Spicy, delicious, I felt full about half way through but powered through to polish off the plate.  Others in my group gave rave reviews to what they ordered (though unfortunately I don't recall what they had).One must is to get the custard at the end of the meal.  It's just 3 bucks for a nice sized cone, and it's yet to disappoint.  At times I even make my way down to the restaurant just to grab some dessert since I live in the buiding.
1	We stopped in to the noodle bar for a late lunch but walked out minutes later. The hip hop music was blaring and we made two requests that it be turned quieter. An employee finally turned it down a bit, but not so much that we couldn't hear the f-bombs coming out of the speakers overhead. We were the only customers so the staff member was clearly saying that his listening preferences were more important than creating a pleasant environment for us.
1	Interesting - stopped by at 11:02 PM. This place as advertises as being open late, 2:00 AM. We walked in and the host was sitting at the bar and said "... Sorry guys - we are closed, come and see is tomorrow" - doubtful drove over specifically because they were supposed to be open. Furthermore, there still more than a dozen customers at tables. Wishy washy hours are often a foreshadowing of an inconsistent restaurant.  Too bad - I had high hopes for this place and was really looking for a decent late night bite.
3	Expectations for Sujeo were extremely high due to Chef Tory Miller's success at L'Etoile and Graze.  With all of the hype and mixed reviews surrounding the new restaurant, I was eager to give it a try. I went with a large group and the general consensus was that it's a good restaurant. Nothing more, nothing less. I ordered the Mango Curry and I loved it, as did everyone else that tried the dish. It had fresh veggies, decent sized shrimp, and mango chunks, with a side of sticky white rice. The curry sauce was the best part. It was creamy and very rich, which made the dish quickly satisfying. I would suggest this dish to anyone. No one else was impressed with their food as I was with my dish.  As far as the noodle/ramen style dishes, Sujeo is definitely outdone by Umami over on Willy Street. The menu has a couple of all-star dishes (like the Mango Curry dish I ordered, and the Hot Pot), and the rest are average. But when it comes down to it, the menu is reasonably priced. If it was any more expensive, my group would have felt more disappointment at the end of the meal. But it's good food for what I think is relatively cheap. I would definitely come back for drinks here. They have some unique cocktail options. My friend ordered the Tongue Thai'd, that used chili infused tequila, giving it a bite of spiciness, which I love. They have a ton of other interesting drinks that combine the craft cocktail trend with the asian fusion theme of the restaurant. The service at Sujeo was outstanding. We were regularly checked-in on. I had ordered the mint herbal tea, and a waiter was always refilling my glass for me. They shared their advice and their favorites about the menu in a genuine way that didn't seem rehearsed. The atmosphere was trendy and cool with it's modern design and bright walls. The dimmed lights made it an intimate setting and for that reason I think it would be a great place for date.
4	Solid food and cocktails all around - we sampled a bit of everything (noodles, hot pot, greens) as a party of 4. Excellent service on a busy Saturday night as well. There are lots of daily specials but so many it might make sense for the restaurant to print them out as it took our waitress about 4 minutes to explain them all. And it can be noisy so it can be hard to hear everything.We found the atmosphere to be a little spartan and underwhelming however. But we did score one of the corner 4-tops which made our dining experience a bit cozier.
5	Love the fact that the ingredients are super-fresh and local.  That's not something that asian restaurants usually boast which has kept me on the fence for years.  It was my first visit.  My partner and I shared an egg roll (not a scary deep fried puck) but a delicious, lightly battered and crispy with fresh cabbage, tender shrimp.  I've always loved shrimp, but shrimp in eggrolls can be scary, rubbery and disgusting- not here though.  It's really thoughtfully executed.  We also shared the Bibimbap and the BBQ pork noodles.  Both were REALLY good.  Saw other guests eating the sticky bun thing and the hot pot- both looked delicious.  Can't wait to return and try more!
4	How do you rate an inconsistent restaurant? I have to give a:- 5 to the fried chicken (KBC): expensive but can feed at least two people. It is 2 legs and 2 bone-in, breast pieces. Plus Banchan (7 types of pickles) and white rice. I shared it with 2 friends and could have stopped eating after that.- 4 to the general tso chicken livers and thighs. I really liked it. It is a huge plate of fried meat, so not the lightest, brightest dish you can imagine, but it is perfectly crispy and the sauce had a perfect combination of sweet and spicy. The one thing I would do different is to cut the sweet breads smaller: as they are they are quite a mouthful- 2 to the eggplant and tofu: limp, too sweet and undercooked (but might have been an unlucky batch I ordered them because I heard good things from some other friend)- 2 to the soju flight: I really didn't care for any: chrisantemum was sweet, chili pepper was flavorless and liquorice one was way too medicinal, the plain soju was really not good sojuMy friends had the bibimap and the ramen and they both complained. Apparently,  bibimap was too dense and ramen bland. I did not try them, so cannot elaborate further, but they seemed really disappointed.I am inclined to be generous, because two of my dishes were good and I would definitely go back to have them, but Oh, service was strange: server didn't seem to understand what we wanted, brought out dishes in the wrong sequence and he pretty much refused to give us a recommendation despite our insistence.
3	Was disappointed... Got the kimchi stew hot pot special of the day with the tonkatsu. Kimchi stew hot pot- I don't understand why all that noodle was in there...any one who cooks would know noodles would soak up the soup AND worse is you are making it a hot pot so the soup is being boiled away at the same time. Long story short. Broth was not the flavor I was expecting and it was all noodles. I'm sure if Tory Miller was going for the authentic flavor, it might not appeal to the Madisonians or those not yet familiar with Korean flavors. It is fusion, but some authenticity would be necessary if you are doing Korean.Tonkatsu... Is very difficult to miss... But Sujeo missed it. The sauce was missing the balance of sweet and salty- it was more soy sauce based salty. The salad would've been elevated with some mayo based or ginger based dressing to balance out the tonkatsu. The sesame ice cream was too oily... Mango pineapple custard was delicious.
2	The drinks were tasty and creative.  As for the food, it could've been better. From a scale of 1-5, here's how I would rate each dish. We ordered:Imperial Roll - 3Egg Roll - 3Dumplings - 3Ssam (ribeye) - 3, the steak was flavorlessShio Ramen - 1, broth and ramen were too fishyChili crab - 4 for the flavor of the sauce, 1 for the crab - not fresh, tasted some ammonia flavorPork Tonkatsu - 3.5 (good but not for $22)Chai spiced tea custard -2.5 (not a big fan of chai)I'm willing to try the curry noodle next time but I probably won't order any of these dishes the 2nd time.
5	Sujeo is like when all the fast food chains tried to enter the market in China and it was KFC who won, beating out McDonald's etc, because they properly adapted their menu to local tastes. So, in this scenario, Wisconsin is China, and my hope is Sujeo becomes the KFC. I mean, macaroni salad with cheese and bacon cubes as banchan...that just screams Wisconsin to me. :9 Speaking of KFC, I recommend the Korean Fried Chicken dinner portion with the side of banchan because 1) you'll be surprised chickens come in that size and 2) all that salt and grease goes well with beer, soju (took me five times to type soju instead of sujeo), and drinking games. I like to order a lot and share everything, so the Ssam was also a good concept, and I'll give any restaurant that knows how to cook and serve whole fried fish an extra star (in my heart). They are still working out some kinks, so I'm benefitting of the doubt given other equally important and impressive qualities -- like the manager who took care of us when things weren't perfectly rosy, Mushu of Mulan fame hiding as tile art in the women's bathroom, and the soft-serve twist cones available in two surprising flavors.
3	Coming here with a large group (courtesy of Matt W., thanks for making that UYE happen!) was a great move. We ordered appetizers to share/pass around, and got to try many things that we normally wouldn't have ordered ourselves. The kohlrabi salad, salt & pepper squid, and Thai egg salad were among some of my favorites. We also ordered  the Sichuan beef tongue salad, which tasted like tender brisket. I would have liked to have experienced more of that ma la numbing heat that is characteristic of Sichuan cuisine, but instead, a light hand was used in seasoning this dish.For my entree, I went with the pho bo, which was pretty disappointing for me. The broth  was on point, and so were the beef meatballs (which tasted like they were made in house, not too much gristle). The problem I had with this dish was the noodles. They felt off, like they were maybe noodles you would use to make pad thai. And they were on the al dente side, which was not good. Not many people at the table got noodle dishes, and they seemed pretty satisfied. I heard people sing the praises of the General Tso Chicken Livers, the special of the night (Hen of the Woods?), the hot pot, and the pork curry. So maybe the noodles were not the way to go. I did not have any room for dessert but the flavors for that night were peanut butter and rhubarb.Service was pretty slow but it was expected. Sujeo seemed to be consistently busy the whole time we were there, plus we were a large group. Be prepared to wait for a long time unless you are willing to sit at the bar. I would say this place has some room for improvement, and I would probably go back to give it another shot.
4	My 2nd experience at Sujeo was much better than my first. Having gone with a large group I got to sample many dishes!AppetizersKohlrabi salad- very refreshing! I enjoyed this more than I thought I would. Thai egg salad- looks a lot like the kohlrabi salad but with egg. Tasty as well! Sichaun beef tongue salad- I enjoyed this much more than last time, the seasoning was not as overpowering and salty. Chili braised eggplant- a lot of people enjoyed this but I thought it was just ok. I thought the eggplant could have been cooked just a tad more.Ddeobokki- enjoyed this, tasted pretty authentic!EntreesGeneral Tso chicken livers- a huge portion. Good for 2 people. But I thought the dish tasted a little heavy, the sauce was the thick and sugary and I could only handle maybe 3 or so pieces. Ok but not my fav dish.Grilled Thai sausage- interesting flavor but was way too dry.Hot pot- for 25 or so dollars this is a pretty good deal. The broth was great and veggies were tasty. Seemed a little stingy on the meat considering how much you are paying. I enjoyed this more than the Ssam I had last time...but the Ssam always changes. All in all I enjoyed the apps way more than the entreesThe homemade custard was still delicious. Definitely get it! They had two flavors and said they could swirl them but I asked if they could do one on top of the other and they kindly obliged! The rhubarb was tart but not overly so. Peanut butter was good but I would not be able to eat a whole cone of it because it's a little heavier.
5	High points: cocktails, KBC (Korean broasted chicken--literally THE BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER HAD), miso soup, rotating custard, foie gras bibimbap (it's a special but we always ask if they have it just in case), and the serviceLow points: ramen (I don't know why but the ramen is not up to snuff), long waits when it's busy, not open lateI still gave this place 5 stars because it so thoroughly satisfies a niche. The vast majority of the menu is consistently amazing, the cocktails are so freaking delicious I almost wish they made non-alcoholic versions, and I just love hanging out here. This place is my Cheers.
3	The food was very good. The service was not. The bathroom must be very small (although I never actually got in there to see due to the line). I'm glad we did not wait an hour and a half for the dining room (we ate at the noodle bar) plus the additional 20 minutes it took for the server to decide to bother himself to take our payment. Of course it is more fun to talk to a pretty girl-but come on. They also don't take American Express really? The frozen custard was exceptional.
5	Had the banchan (7 different kinds of pickles with flavorful kimchi jjigae soup). Both the pickles and the soup were top notch. I'm a pickle fanatic and have had a hard time finding quality asian pickles in Madison. These were A++ pickles! Only odd thing was the inclusion of the macaroni salad.Ddeokbokki was super fresh tasting, rice cake was chewy/delicious (it is harder than you would think to find a good rice noodle) and the fish cake was slightly sweet in a well spiced sauce.Chili-braised eggplant was interesting, in a light chili sauce with basil, very innovative.Mango curry was thick, not traditional Thai-tasting, did not appear to have a large amount of coconut milk. The highlight of the curry was the mango, which cut through the other spices in a bright, pleasant way. There were also these curious, thin, crunchy unknown vegetables, and squash. I had hedged on ordering it because Madison does not lack for good Thai restaurants, but I am pleased, because it was great and set itself apart from its contemporaries.We ended the meal with chocolate and strawberry custard, the milk is from Sassy Cow. The custard had nice flavor (as in, it tasted like strawberries and not artificial) and had a slightly grainy texture. I am already planning out my meal for next visit, which might be this week. I have found my favorite restaurant in Madison.
3	Was not super impressed by the ramen. It was okay, but not flavorful enough. Also sitting at the noodle bar sound like a cool/fun idea, but it's just ridiculously hot. Maybe it'll be better for the winter...
3	I really wanted to give a five star review, but I didn't have a 5 star experience.  There were 4 of us for dinner on a Wed. evening.  We sat down and it took close to 10 minutes for anyone to even talk to us.  Our server was completely uninterested, provided nothing beyond copying down our order.  It would have been better to have an iPad like in the Minneapolis airport.  The ambiance of the restaurant is really lackluster.  It's just downright boring.  The food.  Well this was the high point.  Three of us gave the food itself 4 stars and one was less enthusiastic with 3 stars.  Don't get me wrong the food was good, but it could have been better.  Or maybe I was just so off-put by the lackluster staff and ambiance that the food couldn't shine through.I'll likely wait a while and give it a second chance after some time has gone by - maybe they are still ironing out the details.Update: I got a nice message from the restaurant which earned them another star.  It's nice to know they keep up with Yelp and the message was very nice.  I'll return to Sujeo after a while and see if we can get some more stars added.
3	Ice noodles were amazing, in fact the noodle bar menu is quite good.  The restaurant menu stretches itself a little too thin and does not deliver.  Low point is bahn mi, which is really really americanized.  Remember the bahn mi at the Haze?  That was fucking awesome.  Will def be back though, great new lunch spot on the east side.
3	Not a bad place, but not my favorite either. Appetizers were pretty good. We had spring rolls, a spicy chili egg plant dish, and their salt and peppered squid. The squid was a little greasy and had lots of tentacles.As far as main dishes, they were good. I had a bbq pork which was excellent. My husband had Bipnbop and he said it was ok. My FIL had the crab and that dish was s mess! He did say it was tasty. The weight staff was nice, but was not super knowledgable. The custard was good, but by no means was it the best I've had. I thought it was an interesting dessert choice for an Asian restaurant.
3	This is a revision of my previous review, which really wasn't a review because we went for late night dining on a Saturday and the restaurant was closing for the night despite several social media websites including Yelp which said Sujeo served late. After management read my review they contacted me, apologized and sent me a gift card. This is clearly a restaurant that wants it's potential customer base to be happy despite miscommunication across the Internet.   This evening, a Sunday we were able to score a 2-top without a reservation. The tables are a bit small and beware, the servers behind, buttocks may be sort of in your personal space when they are attending to your neighbors table. The menu is pretty big and required explanation to the newbie. Despite the very friendly and helpful waitress, I think I would  have preferred something else as a main dish. We ordered the braised eggplant as an appetizer - this was very good with a nice sweet and salty flavor profile with a nice hint of heat. The timing was a bit off as our appetizer arrived with the main course.  We ordered something called Ssams as a main course to share. This is a large serving of a protein with a variety of Korean pickled condiments, Bib lettuce, and delightful fluffy little rice buns. The condiments were really the highlight of our meal. We chose the Ssams special, which tauted as a braised pork shank, that had been portioned and fried. The pork itself was crispy, but bland and extremely fatty. I didn't notice amount of fat until I'd stuffed some of the delicate rice buns and piled on the condiments. In fairness the fattiness of the pork may have been customary to the dish and the cuisine, and just not for me or my trusty dining companion. This said over half of the meat portion was simply deep fried and sliced white fat. A better explanation of what we were getting into would have been helpful. When I inquired about the fattiness of the meat, explaining that perhaps it was me and maybe the dish just was not particularly my thing, the waitress very politely apologized and we had a nice conversation about the nature of the proteins on the menu. The Korean style is to leave all the fat on the cuts of meat.  The hostess then followed up with us and graciously picked up our appetizer and my companions cocktail. There also seems to be an issue with Sujeo's exhaust fan. It blows right into the parking garage. When we pulled into the parking garage it was visibly smoky. I'm not sure if it was a carry over, but the dining room seemed to smell a bit smoky as well. Look the menu is pretty robust and I'm not going to fault a restaurant for serving me something I've never had that turned out not to be my thing. Management clearly cares about trying very hard to make a good impression. There are plenty of other choices on the menu and I'll be back to try out one of the many other interesting things on the menu. Sujeo's chef proprietor has the chops to make this place work. I think Sujeo will get there. The menu alone adds some real depth to a generally predictable downtown Madison dining scene. I want to like this place given how hard they seem to be trying.
5	I give extra stars (and reviews) for places that have Sprite Zero -- it's the little things. This means I now have a mixer for Jinro soju. I'm also adding the noodle bar specifically to my "Bomb Bar Seats" list.Bonus guide: How to make your burps taste delicious in 4 easy steps: 1) Order tonkatsu ramen.2) Listen to your server and stir the crap out of your ramen bowl, otherwise it will start off not salty then become too salty. 3) Eat your tonkatsu ramen quickly to increase the chances of air bubbles forming.4) Avoid eating anything else and enjoy delicious, smoky burps that will remind you about your flavorful lunch throughout the day. Bonus tip: When you feel one coming, close your mouth and exhale through your nose to increase the flavor intensity.
5	Check out all my reviews at theglobeonmyplate.blogspot.comSujeo is Tori Miller's newest enterprise after the success of L'Etoile and Graze. He is letting his Asian pride fly in his newest venture.  Graze has long had some Korean flavor throughout the locally sourced menu: Bibimbap, a Korean stone bowl cooked rice dish, and Kimchi gracing it's Ruben for a garlic-y spice kick.Sujeo is a complete departure into Pan-Asian flavors. All created with local fresh and extremely high quality ingredients. Chef Miller is straying into some seriously deep Asian waters for the Cuisine at Sujeo.With a single visit to Sujeo with a few dining companions we visited China, Vietnam, Korea, Indonesia, Japan, Singapore and Sri Lanka. Chef Miller has cherry picked some of the best dishes from the wide Asian World and made them his own. Each dish is well prepared, using the highest quality ingredients from around Wisconsin and the US. Each dish has been refined to the point of culinary masturbation. Can great food be so rich and flavorful that it makes you feel dirty?Imperial rollThe imperial rolls were a ground pork and shrimp roll. Shrimp and pork are commonly mixed together in Vietnamese and Cantonese cooking to make the most flavorful and interesting fillings for dumplings. This is a rice paper wrapped spring roll which has been deep fried.Salt and Pepper SquidThis is an interesting take on Salt and pepper seafood Chinese dishes. Generally a whole shell on shrimp or crab is lightly breaded with five spice and black pepper. The R&G lounge in San Francisco is famous for their Salt and pepper Crab. It's a strange dish in that the breading is stuck to inedible shells, but in the process of cracking and extracting the meat you get bits of crunchy peppery goodness in every bite. Madison's new Asian Sweet Bakery on Park street makes a Salt and Pepper Shrimp tasty enough to eat shell and all.Obviously Squid does not have a shell but the light and peppery breading is similar to other salt and pepper Chinese dishes.Chili Crab is a dish I've only seen in Singapore. It's one of the specialties of that region. In Singapore and Malaysia a chili sauce thickened with eggs is liberally doused over a screamingly fresh crab from Sri Lanka. The mythology surrounding these Sri Lanka crabs is that they grow big and fat in the Bay of Bengal feasting on the outpouring from the Ganges river, a holy river in India which is used as a cremation and burial ground. They say it is this which makes Sri Lanka crabs the best in the world.Nom Nom NomChef Tori has decided instead of using the "one-step from cannibalism" (delicious BTW) crab to using West Coast Dungeness crab. A very tasty and more local substitute. The Chili sauce it came with was honestly better then some of the best places in Singapore. Sweet, salty, spicy, this dish really hits on all cylinders.  Spicy Red Curry with long beans, pickled ginger and crispy shallots. I was expecting a Thai style curry. But boy was I wrong. This was much less balanced then a thai Curry light on spiciness and heavy on sweetness. The closest thing I have had to a curry like this is an Indonesian pork curry often served in a rijstaffel meal. Pork Rendang is one of my favorite dishes around the world and one which is nearly impossible to find outside of either Southeast Asia or The Netherlands. The only thing lacking in this dish was the spicy :(Their Ramen was absolutely killer. The first few bites were overwhelmingly ginger flavored but that quickly mellowed out with the strong deep flavor of the sea. To me it tasted very strongly of crab roe, ginger, and pork fat. It was absolutely a unique (in my experience) and amazing bowl of Ramen. It was so complex it was almost confusing, but in the end was addictively good.The KBC chicken served with a bevy of Banchan (little picked sides in Korean cuisine) is at once a very American dish and a very Asian one. Steaks, hamburgers, apple pie, Asian people know what these dishes are and might have had them before, but the ubiquity of KFC in Asia is of epic proportions. Fried chicken has become an Asian staple. They even have knock-off KFC's in a lot of the Asian world!One of my dining companions called the curry "Dusky", and it's a perfect description for that dish. The flavors are deep, sweet, salty, and they taste of the depths of dark Soy Umami. The perfect blend of sweet soy and caramelized protein.  That characterizes all of the food at Sujeo. Deeply flavorful, joyously seasoned and only perfectly describable in terms that have nothing to do with food.Check out all my reviews at theglobeonmyplate.blogspot.com
4	Whereas Sujeo does seem from one vantage point to be "Korean Fusion" cuisine, it seems infinitely closer to "Pan Asian"; while some of their dishes do seem to be decisively "Korean" in nature (of course with some foreign elements), a lot of their other offerings don't seem "Korean" or contain any Korean elements at all.Semantics aside, the above sentiment doesn't quite change the fact that Sujeo offers a new dimension to Madison's already growing and diverse restaurant game; a friend of mine who works at Epic and I decided to come here after having breakfast at Graze (whose owner, Tory Miller, also happens to be the brain child of Sujeo) and being so impressed by the food that we decided we need more.Besides the fact that everything we ordered that evening did not requite the restaurant's namesake utensil (sujeo == spoon in Korean), the meal was pretty excellent:Appetizer Salad (now replaced by Kohlrabi Salad)Very nice mix of heirloom tomatoes with other organic greens, with chicken innards mixed in, topped with a sprinkle of sesame seeds and other spices. I'm shocked that this is no longer on the menu.Whole Fried FishI forget what the fish was that evening, but it was crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, garnished with tangy and somewhat spicy sauce all around the fish. Khao SoiThe first Khao Soi I've tried that come with an entire chicken drumstick, not removed from bone! The curry-broth was point on, the crispy noodles were brilliant.The restaurant wasn't as mind-blowing as we hoped it to be, but it was still a solid choice -- oh, and the next person that keeps professing the hypothetical existence of "Tonkatsu ramen" (Tonkatsu == amalgamation of Japanese "ton" which means pig/pork and english "cutlet"; Tonkotsu == Ton [pig/pork] + Kotsu [bone]) needs to be hunted down by a lynch mob.
5	Sat in Noodle Bar side and had the Bun Cha rice noodle dish and it was excellent.  The Korean sausage from Underground kitchen is delish and a nice combo of flavors.
4	I've had 2 meals hear and both were on point.  Things I love about this place: close to downtown but has easy street parking, great vibe inside, good food, and offers extended hours with takeout.   The first time we had the SSAM, ramen, and crispy Thai Egg..  All were good but the SSAM was sooo good.  Delicious pork buns along with a section of tasty meats.   The Ramen was solid as well.  My second trip was a quick one for the chicken noodle.  Cold WI day with the chicken noodle made my night.
1	If you like pork and salt this is the place for you however, not being a pork eater ( and pork is in virtually every dish) i found the menu very limiting. I managed to get a beef dish minus the bacon. I found it to be very salt laced ( almost too salty to be edible) as far as any other flavor development - it was non existent - what i tasted was salty beef with noodles. Pretty gosh darn awful - had i cooked this at home it would have gone in the trash.Now for the service -my waitress was very put off when i mentioned that everything had pork and she avoided our table after this like the plague. Like we were lepurs. Had she asked me how my food was i would have told her to taste it herself and answer that question in her head. Thus bad service over salted food limited menue i could go on but why bother with words on a place i will not go to and steer friends clear of . Not a good effort by a chef known to be one of the best in town - Sugeo - Does that mean dissapointing in Korean? I think so
4	I've been excited to try Tory Millers newest restaurant since it opened and finally made it there recently.  It was a Friday night and we only had about a 40 minute wait which was just the right amount of time to mingle with friends in the bar before grabbing a table.  Our server was fantastic and very helpful with educating us on the menu and what to order.The eggrolls were to die for and the best we have ever had, but the eggplant appetizer was a little lackluster.  The General Tso chicken livers were outstanding and I'm still craving the Khao Soi!  Arguably my new favorite ethnic restaurant in Madison!  The restaurant last a star for its underwhelming interior and overly bright dining room and crammed bar area...but go for the food and you won't be disappointed!
3	This is a hard one to write, because: (a) I love the area, (b) I have so much respect for Tory, and (c) I love Asian fusion food, oh and (d) I went with one of my very best friends and I had such high hopes...We decided to sit at the noodle bar; know this: there are two distinct areas within Sujeo - the main dining area has a more comprehensive menu than the smaller, back-set noodle bar area. My pal was in the mood for the Bun (needs a tilde over the U), and since I had never visited Sujeo prior, I was game for anything. He ordered the Bun; I went with the Japache, based on a recommendation from our server.But, let's back-up a sec... We were immediately seated at the noodle bar. Our server was personable and friendly, but ultimately, not very helpful. Upon being seated, I ordered a PBR; my pal inquired about some of the mixed drinks and didn't want something overly sweet. After some discussion, our server recommended a Chai-based drink to him, which he ordered. We also ordered food at the same time - an order of Bun and an order of Japache (as previously mentioned).A solid 20-minutes passed, and we didn't receive our drinks; nor did our server drop-in to check on us. Water glasses empty and no cocktails within reach, we both sorta' looked around... our server refilled our waters, but still no sign of drinks.After another few minutes, the drinks arrived, followed immediately by the entrees. The timing was odd, to say the least.My Japache was *extremely* greasy, and was dominated by a sesame seed oil taste. All I could taste was sesame, even when taking a bite of bacon or steak. My pal took a taste and said, "Yeah - one note to the extreme." I tried his Bun, and it was tasty - the sausage was super flavorful and divine. Unfortunately, the rest of the dish was rather "meh" at best, and confirmed as such by him. Making matters worse, the cocktails weren't what we were hoping for by any means... ugh. Such a shame. The mixer was *extremely* sweet and cloying... We settled our tab and then made our way to the front bar for one final round of cocktails. The next mixers, which included a Hard Pressed (bourbon, cider, cinnamon,lemon, bitters) and a Tongue Thai'd (chile-infused tequila, mango, sugar, lime) were both overly sweet and light on alcohol taste... we had to order a second round that consisted of beers to level-out the sweetness that were those cocktails.So... final thoughts? I'm so perplexed. I feel bad giving this a bad review based on one experience, but I'm not sure if I'd return based on this initial experience.... Were I in some random city where I didn't know the owner/chef, I'd probably rate the experience as a 1.75-2 star event...My friend picked-up the tab, and I feel terrible; our modest meal for two (2 drinks, 2 entrees) came to well over $40. Given the truly disappointing taste/presentation/feel of the dishes, I would've felt ripped-off had I ponied-up for the check.==Follow-up: Management read the review and contacted me offline to get some more information and to offer a gift card. I appreciated their concern and declined the gift card. It's a super generous offer, but I'll give them another shot in the near future on my own dime. It's great to see businesses take interest in reviews, both good and bad, and I hope they can utilize the feedback to improve things. Thanks again, Sujeo, for the follow-up!
3	Maybe I was expecting it to lean more traditional with the Korean cuisine, but I was slightly disappointed with my meal. Don't get me wrong, it was still solid food, it just didn't have as much of the bold Korean flavors that I would have liked. The portion sizes of the chili-braised eggplant and the ddeokbokki were surprisingly small, which was disappointing.   Things to check out: the bibimbap and the cocktails! Although I didn't select this dish, my fiancee LOVED the General Tso chicken livers. He kept raving about it days afterwards.
4	Dim Sum, Saturday Lunch menuI've eaten here twice for dinner and enjoyed their mix of fusion pan-asian dishes.  I was particularly interested in trying their dim-sum, as Madison lacks any offering of freshly prepared dimsum... one has to travel to Chicago.  We were in two minds as to whether to go to the age-old reliable Wah-kee for their handmade egg noodles; to umami for ramen noodles, or to try out sujeo's dimsum.  Traffic lead us to sujeo. The restaurant was surprisingly empty, having only been previously on evenings when there had been a 20-30 minute wait for a table.  The staff were friendly, but not very knowledgeable about what was on offer.  They described dim sum as a "Korean dumpling style lunch"... which as a hong kong chinese was a little offensive... and I'm sure Tory Miller would be the first to correct the server... What Sujeo is attempting to do is to give a korean slant to traditional chinese dim sum, and I think they have done a fairly good job of it. The dim sum cart would come around every 5-10 minutes, which did leave us feeling like it was a prolonged process.  The cart would come with three different dishes, which were described, but they seemed reluctant to open the lids to let us see what was inside.  In the restaurant's defense, it wasn't very busy, so I doubt there was much incentive to load the carts up with plenty of dishes and to push them around frequently.... but then this defeats the object of the cart. You're supposed to have a cart piled high with lots of one dish, so you can push them on hungry diners that can't resist trying new things. In the end we just told them what we wanted and they brought them out.  Two of us shared:Dim sum $5 each; if ordering dim sum, you get free chinese tea. 1.  Kimchi bao- these were delicious, not quite what we were expecting; the kimchi flavor was subtle, and the bread was a little firmer than we would expect from a typical chinese bao.  The bread was also very greasy, which was the only thing that was disappointing. 4/52.  Steamed sticky rice (their version of nor-mei-fan).  This was really interesting and enjoyable.  This was using short grain rice (not the typical glutenous sticky rice in the chinese version), with a good mix of shitake mushroom bits, char siu and chinese sausage, wrapped in leaves.  There was a wonderful smokey flavor to the rice, which isn't usually apparent in the chinese version.  5/53.  Siu Long Bao - five little shanghai steamed soup dumplings.  Again, described as a korean dish by the server, but this was a valiant attempt at notoriously difficult to master soup dumplings.  This is so hard to master that many chinese dim sum restaurants fail to do a good job- you really need to find a restaurant that specializes in them (google "Din Tai Fan").  This should be a meat dumpling with about a teaspoon's worth of soup within a thin, silky pasta.  Sujeo's version had a thick, doughy outer layer that seemed to have absorbed most of the soup /gelatin found inside.  2/54.  Char siu bao (pork bao) - the presentation was of a slightly firm, hand made bun, twisted together at the top.  Again, not a traditional fluffy chinese steamed pork bun, but I really enjoyed this.  The dough used was not as greasy as the kimchi bao, but was quite dense.  The best part of this pork bao was the meat inside.  The ratio of meat to bun was perfect; and the flavor of the meat was really unique.  Bravo!  Sujeo could definitely have relied upon age old charsiu bao recipes but they were intent on creating their own, and this was really successful.  5/5We also had ordered a ramen shochu which was excellent and larger than we expected... we left feeling very full and quite happy. The overall price point for the a la carte lunch is a little high- and may explain why it was empty for Saturday lunch- too many of their lunch dishes were in the $12-18 range, which you would not find at Wah-Kee, Dumpling haus or Umami.  Its also not clear why the bibimbap is so much more expensive here than at their other restaurant at Graze.  In summary, I really appreciate what Sujeo is doing for Madison and I will continue to return to enjoy their specials and creations.
3	I went here for the first time with a friend last night and overall it was okay.  We sat at the noodle bar, since we didn't want to wait an hour for a seat in the other area of the restaurant.  Overall, I liked the vibe of the restaurant, but the food was mediocre.  I ordered the japchae.  The portion size was plenty, but it was lacking in the layers of Korean flavor that I typically expect from japchae.  There was definitely a strong note of sesame oil, almost too much, and it was a bit greasy.  I also thought it was strange to have tomatoes in the japchae and it didn't really fit the rest of this noodle dish.  My friend order the jamppong.  With her being Korean, she was very critical trying this dish.  I didn't try her jamppong, but she said it was a little disappointing due to a lack of authentic Korean flavor.I liked that we didn't have to wait at all to sit at the noodle bar and the service overall was pretty good.  The only thing that was strange was that since I order the japchae, a waiter came over, tried to explain to me that he needed to cut up my noodles because they were really long, and then proceeded to cut up my noodles.  I know that this is tradition in Korean culture, but this guy was just awkward and it made my friend and I feel uncomfortable.
4	I have ventured in on day 1 of dim sum brunch. Verdict: Love it, but still have room for improvement!I was really grateful that Chef Tory Miller is active on fb and instagram, and so on a Saturday morning when I was lamenting the lack of new brunch places I wanna try, I SAW THE LIGHT! Chef Tory posted pictures of dumplings. What?! soup dumplings? So in less than an hour, my friends and I got to Sujeo, 5 minutes before opening.Surprisingly, not so many people were aware of this delicious new treat, maybe only 4-5 tables were filled (compared to the usual full house at night). You can get the lunch menu, most of the dinner items were available, and there was congee! Whee. The highlight was of course off the menu - dim sum. They brought out tea right away, in a nice cast iron tea pot, LOVE IT (dim sum needs to be paired with tea)! On day 1 there were 10 items or so available, and the staff kindly tried to recapitulate olden days in Hong Kong, where fresh piping hot dim sum were brought out on carts (YAY). And indeed, the dim sum was fresh, only 2 or 3 servings were brought out per time, and they were gone before the round was finished (due to eager customers like ME!).Disclaimer: I was born in HK, partially raised in HK, then in Singapore (also Asia and lots of dim sum options), so I have very particular tastes for dim sum.Things must try:Lotus leaf rice - as the server told us, DO NOT EAT THE LEAF, it is like foil/parchment paper used to wrap the delicious hidden treasure - glutinous rice AND bacon! Whee. very very well flavored. I couldn't stop eating it.Taro ball - i'm not a fan of taro, but I'm a convert! The fried batter was very light and crispy, the taro was not pasty and was delicious mixed with some other meat. HIT!Kim chi bao - sounds weird i know. but Chef Tory doesn't disappoint on Asian Fusion dishes! The bao is fried top and bottom like the sheng jian bao (in some shanghainese/taiwanese cuisine) and the kimchi was mixed with meat (not too sour at all)Meatball - beef balls with orange skin and spring onions. Very very well done (inside was pink! Love it). Chewy meatballs, eaten with vinegar. woo. better than any I've had in Asia.Maybe:BBQ pork bao - a hit with my friends but not so much with me. The bun was reasonable but for me the BBQ pork was too sweet.Turnip cake - nicely fried. But I had too much fried stuffLumbia roll - it is an egg roll (just an indonesian term for it). Nicely done, but not wowing.Needs some (quite alot) of work:Soup dumpling - too much skin (dense/thick), that I didn't taste the meat and soup. Need to make the skin thinner, AND put more soup and meat in itHar gau - no. no no. no. it was a mixed of chopped of shrimp with ginger and pepper. no. and the skin was again, needing more work. it broke easily, and was still rather thick. sorry, har gau is really a piece of work.I'm so grateful for this new spot for dim sum! Finally. in Madison!!!! Definitely some things need work, but there's a lot which I would crave within a week or two to go back for brunch again.Now, how about some tea cocktails to pair with dim sum? Hot drinks for winter! And, i really like salted egg yolk buns, siew mai, please?? ;)
4	I'm a fan by virtue of 1) the atmosphere and 2) the novelty of a Korean place on the east side. That said, it's more of a 3.5 star than a 4. This place suffers from some of the same awkward pretentiousness of Graze, but the cocktail list doesn't pull as much weight and the bar needs to be 2x bigger. The noodles were good if a bit bland. Somewhat surprised at the paucity of vegetarian or vegan options for my animal-loving friends. But I'm holding off on more in-depth reflection until I try the fried chicken.
4	Finally got to check out Sujeo. Based on the food I shared with my two friends, it was pretty great.The place was packed, so we got on the wait list and went next door to the Star Bar for a bit. Star Bar is a terrible place. I've been there  several times now, and I wouldn't recommend it at all. Yuck. Perhaps my least favorite bar in all of Madison.So we were finally back at Sujeo and seated. The staff couldn't have been nicer, and they did a fantastic job. Food and drinks arrived quickly and the whole place was humming efficiently around us. Chef Tory Miller was there, helping his staff churn out food. Perhaps that's why Graze has gone down hill, he's too busy here!I sampled General Tso Chicken Livers, Kimchi Jjigae and the Miso Soup, and all were packed with flavor. The chicken livers were fantastic, the jjigae delicious, and the miso had nice subtle flavors.I'll have to return a time or two to try some other items, but based on my first visit, I'm pleasantly surprised.
4	Interesting dishes and great flavors are the backbone of this restaurant.  Our appetizer of salt and pepper squid was nicely seasoned but the crispy chili mayo was just ok.  Their homemade kimchi and various picked vegetables were amazing with the rice and grilled steak sliders "Ssam".  My wife and I shared the dish and had plenty left over.  My only disappointment was that the strip steak was not the best cut and had a lot of tough fat on it.  The flavor was spot on though and the salt and black and white sesame seeds were a great topping.  They have interesting drinks as well.  A cool place to try if you are looking for something different.
4	Loved the Japchae!
3	It took me a while to decide between 3 or 4 stars for this one. After much thought 3.5 would be the best option. I have been looking forward to visiting even before they open. Sujeo has garnered loads of reviews in the recent months of opening. The less than stellar reviews made me put off my visit for a bit, but a good friend convinced me to give it a shot, so here I am =)When we went for lunch they weren't very busy, b/c we were they early and it was also just before Christmas. I had the shio ramen which I quite like. I like:- duck fat in the ramen broth, giving it a nice texture- pork belly: nice and well-seasoned, though some pieces were overly done and were kind of tough- wheat noodles, took a little getting used to at the beginning but was good-soft poached eggs! The best part, runny yolk with soft whites ~~- flavorful brothNot so like:-broth was a tad too salty for me, would have loved to finish the entire broth but it was esp difficult after I'd polished off the noodlesTheir custard ice cream is the best part. I have friends who's said to go to Sujeo just for the custard ice cream. They change the flavors regularly, we had a choice of blackcurrant or cherry vanilla. Love the blackcurrant ice cream! $3 a cone is totally worth it, even in the Wisconsin winter!
