5	Parma Sausage features the best dry-cured Italian-style meats you will find outside of Italy.  Fantastic salamis (Genoa, Genovetta, Salami Rustico, hot and sweet Sopressata), great pepperoni, pancetta, even coppa secca (which is hard to find a lot of the time).  The prosciutto is also excellent.They also have some excellent-looking fresh sausages here, although I always blow my entire bank account on the dry-cured meat as soon as I walk in the door.  You can also get cooked Italian meats like cappicolla and mortadella, as well as some non-Italian sausages like andouille, chorizo, and kolbassi.I come from a large and extremely food-oriented Italian family.  Whenever I go back home, I make sure to take an offering from Parma Sausage, otherwise they would never forgive me.   They all agree that the quality is indistinguishable from what you could hope to get in Parma itself.  It's just perfect.  Plus, if you want to give the gift of meat, they will ship the dry-cured stuff.
5	What the previous said and even better!!!  A friend of mine visits Pittsburgh for a few weeks every springl he's from Bologna, Italy -- home of Italy's best food.  Mio amico RUNS to Parma Sausage as soon as he gets into town.  He swears on his grandmother's grave that the prosciutto from Parma Sausage is BETTER than what he gets at home.  None better in my book
5	All of the cured meats are fantastic, as noted, though I have to add: the Salame Rustico, (great big peppercorns, super tasty) But I thought I would offer a review of their as-yet unadressed sausages.. Once you grill a few of Parma's garlic sausages: subtly spiced, fresh, amazing, you'll never settle for a generic "Italian sausage" again... Their hot Italians are good, don't get me wrong, but the garlics are legendary. I actually use the hot Italian sausage (which you can by uncased, or "loose") more in meat sauces and meatballs. It's packaged as "Loose Hot Italian" which always feels like a slightly funny thing to order... The veal sausage which they added a year or two back is really nice too. I have not tried the chorizo or the kolbassi/kielbasa, and though they're perhaps a bit of a cultural stretch for Parma, I can't imagine they'd sell anything that was less than the highest in quality and freshness.Plus, everyone's really nice. The last time I was in, the gentleman who runs the Asian grill stand up the street came in to buy some sausages, got into an friendly argument when they refused to charge him, promised lunch to the guys behind the counter, and then left a fifty on the counter when their backs were turned (he had probably bought 5 bucks in sausage), seemed to be an ongoing conflict!Great place, get in there soon!
5	AWESOME ground chorizo with a very short, unfrightening ingredients list, unlike most major brand chorizo you find at any other store.  Can't wait to try the cured meats selection.
5	Sausage is always good: summertime on the bbq (yum), hearty German winter dinner (very yum), quick juicy breakfast meat (also yum) and spicy chorizo in your chili (most yum of all). Parma Sausage makes all these and they make them better than anyone else in the city. The entire store consists of a deli-style counter and about 20 by 30 square feet of space for people to order: it's like starring down the barrel of a gun--a gun made out of delicious salami. You walk in, grab a ticket if it's busy (even at the height of rush hour I've never waited more than a few minutes), order your stuff and then continue on your merry way down the Strip. Unless you're like me and you walk in disheveled and feisty and blurt out, "Surprise me!" when they ask for your order.* I say that not just because I like surprises (more than you'll ever know) but because I know there's nothing bad in the store: only good can come from Parma. Sometimes I'll be more detailed and tell them if I want something cooked or fresh, but for the most part the choice is up to them, and they haven't disappointed me yet. I've had their garlic wine salami (boozey), hot Italian (not too hot), breakfast links (perfect), sweet Italian (good in pastas), Genoa salami (great with a strong cheese like Fontina) and hard chorizo (a revelation). Hard and soft varieties are speckled with fresh spices and herbs and everything is relatively inexpensive.And it's run by a bunch of cute local guys. *Try this if you ever want a quick way to bond with your local specialty merchants: it will endear you to them in a way that makes you forever memorable, and provide insight into them and their product. They'll  be delighted to tell you about what makes their smoked gouda THE smoked gouda, which will increase your foodie knowledge ten-fold.
5	Super nice group of people working behind the counter. Extremely knowledgeable and willing to answer any of your questions. All of their sausage is made on-site and amazing!I highly recommend going during the week. The lines get pretty long on the weekends.
5	First Impression (5/5): It was sooo clean and it smelled good... I was in heaven. All of the meat looked fresh and I was greeted with a smiling face! Can't beat that! Customer Service (5/5): I have no clue when was the last time I had great service like that. The guy was extremely nice and super helpful. It was my husband's birthday so he wanted to make some mini bocadillos because he missed Spain (very random). My husband had absolutely no clue what meat he wanted to get or what he had taste for so you can imagine how difficult it was to start suggesting meats. The guy was awesome because he recommended some really good meats that we probably would have never tried. The meat (5/5): It was delicious! We ended up getting 4 different types of meats and my favorite was the dried Chorizo. Everything was very inexpensive too so that was a big plus. I will definitely be coming back
5	This is probably JB's favorite place in the Strip. Every time he walks in, he gets a sample of something new and walks out with a pound or two of what he sampled. These guys definitely know what they're doing and they are passionate about their products. You'll find nothing but the best in quality and service here.The line to get in the front door often wraps around the block during the holiday season so be prepared for a long wait in cold weather.
5	The best! I've become quite the regular in there -- I'm in there at least once a week picking up bacon (which is the best bacon I have ever eaten!) or grillers or sweet loose sausage for meals. The guys in there are quite friendly and always make me laugh! Love them, love their products!
5	Quality products, great customer service and unbeatable prices.  Can't say anything else, but it's a must stop place on the strip!
5	bad pepperoni has a yellow oil that oozes out when heated.parma pepperoni has a clear oil with an orange tint. That's the difference between real pepperoni and that crap we eat on our pizzas.parma's cappicola is the best I have ever had. ditto hot salami and sausages.but i go there for the pepperoni...for the past 20 years and counting
5	HEAVEN. Hea.  Ven.  Heaven.  These folks do cured and encased meats REALLY well.  Took home tons of their chorizo and hot soppresata, which in Los Angeles would sell for 3 times the price.  Their breakfast sausage was also outstanding.  Boy do I wish that they would distribute nationally like Fra Mani does.  Business would grow exponentially.  This place is absolutely outstanding.  Service is great, too!
5	This was our first stop on the tour of the Strip District and we were not disappointed. The man behind the counter was very helpful and informative about the history of the deli and the products that they've been offering over the past several years. He was very passionate about his place, and he had good reason to be. The salami, prosciutto, and pork loin were the best we've ever had.
5	Every time we go to the Strip, we have to stop here.  Best quality and flavor in the city.  I could type a page about everything I love, but, literally I've loved everything I've gotten!  Do youreself a favor and try ANY of Parma's products.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Luigi's presence is still felt here. I was fortunate to get the grand tour of the place when he was still active. What a history!Surpassed only by the quality products. They stopped selling one product for months while a farmer began raising pigs to meet their quality standards. I always take a pound or more cappacola and a few sausages home when we visit my daughter's family in the Burgh.Topped off with a fish sandwich from Wholey's seafood & some bread & olives from Penn Mac it's a shopping trip to die for!
5	PSP is everything I ever wanted in a cured meats shop.  After months and months of anticipation I finally had the privilege of stopping into Parma's this weekend.  The shop is clean, light and airy and the meat is definitely the star of the show here. The interior has a very minimalistic decor with two huge display cases. I appreciated that no clutter atmosphere, I didn't want to distracted from what I was there for MEAT, by tons or meaningless bric-a-brac! Oh and my expectations were high and I was not disappointed.The service was quick and efficient, the store from what I could tell was run like a well oiled machine.  Even for a busy Saturday afternoon we waited no more then 5 minutes to have our number called.I would have liked to purchase one of everything and to my pleasant surprise Parma Sausage Products sales a bundle for $30 dollars, the bundle came with Spanish chorizo, salami and hot salami. Yes, yes and yes!  Separately I also purchased hot sopressata, my all time favorite.  I basically ran through all the rest of my shopping so that I could get home and sample my meats.  They are delicious! Parma Sausage Products also had some mighty fine looking prosciutto to display too.
5	All their meats are fantastic. Their hot Soppressata is hands down the best anywhere. i also regularly get their Prosciutto and sausage. Only the highest quality here.
5	I have been telling people about Parma Sausage for many, many years.  It is always my FIRST stop when I get to the Strip District in Pittsburgh.  Even though you can get many of the cured Parma products at the Giant Eagle Market District, it's a real treat to get down to their store in the Strip.  The guys preparing your order are friendly, fun, and fast.  If you're not sure what you want, they will make excellent recommendations and give you some samples to try.  I tend to have huge orders, because so much of what they make is the very best you can buy, and because it's a considerable drive for me - but well worth it.My all-time favorite cold lunch (or dinner) is an assortment of Parma meats, served with assorted Italian cheeses from Penn Mac, and a big hunk of Sanchioli Brothers Italian bread, along with some green olives, peppericini, sliced roma tomatoes, and of course, a nice glass of red wine.  Example:  Sliced capicollo, lonzetta, rustico salami, mortadella, coppa secca, and prosciutto from Parma Sausage, served alongside extra sharp provolone, asiago, fresh mozzarella, sharp provolone from Penn Mac.  This is Italian heaven to someone who loves this kind of food, because the meats from Parma are the very best I've tried from New York to L.A....  But it's also a wonderful food experience to share with guests who haven't been as fortunate as you.  They rave about it, and it's no wonder.I always keep Parma hot sopressata on hand in my refrigerator, because it keeps forever, and is delightful with some extra sharp provolone, Sanchioli Brothers bread, and red wine.  A quick and delicious lunch!  The hot cacciatore salami is my second-favorite to serve with cheese and bread.  I also pick up a package of Parma's dry chorizo when I stop by, because a little bit of the chorizo grated in a cheese grater makes for incredible omelettes!  Another item that I never forget is a package of the Andouille sausage, because it's the best I've had, and I am a big fan of homemade jambalaya.Recently I heard from some English friends that Parma makes the best "banger" sausages they've ever tasted.  Bangers are a favorite of many Brits, with a bold peppery taste, and apparently Parma is doing them just right.  I'm not surprised, and I'll try of package of them the next time I shop there.  BUT, THE MAIN REASON I GO TO PARMA SAUSAGE is for the Italian sausage!  Nobody can touch the quality and flavor of the Parma Sicilian Sausage, simply the best in the region.  I buy this sausage by the case, store it in my freezer, and slow-cook half a case at a time in my crock pot filled with tomato juice.  Absolutely incredible sausage!  I also like to get the packages of "loose" sausage, usually the hot one, to use in making lasagna.  I keep telling myself that I'm going to try the veal sausage, but I'm so hooked on the Sicilian links that I haven't done it yet.  Lord willing, I'll have time to try everything they make eventually!Did I mention that Parma ships their products coast-to-coast?  You can share your good fortune with those less fortunate people who don't live anywhere near the Strip District!
5	I'd walked past this place 9,000 times on prior Strip District visits but never really gave it a second thought until recently, when I noticed they'd opened a more inviting/fresh retail space for buying their wares.  The sausage is the best i've ever had and everything else appears to be equally high in quality.  This is going to be a new stop on my Strip shopping runs, from now on , for sure ...
4	Some if the meat was good. Others were on. I wouldn't go out if my way to go here.
5	this place is as good as it gets!!!  you cannot get a bad product here.  The employees are top notch and will guide you through the plethora of products.  Stellar operation this place has,  like being in italy honestly.
5	I'm a sucker for places like this. Get me in front of the meat case and I transform into something I don't recognize. I want to buy some of everything! And in Parma's case, that would be ideal!! Everything we've ever had from here has been outstanding! I love grilling sausage or cooking them up with peppers and onions... Man, my mouth is watering right now and it's breakfast time! Of course they do have breakfast links. Hmmmm. I better check my freezer!The chipotle cheese sausages are remarkable.  The fresh Sicilian sausage we just had for the first time and they may now rank as my favorites!! I want to get them all! We can have a massive cookout!!Go here. Great family owned Pittsburgh institution deserving of their reputation and your business. You won't be sorry.
5	Low & slow on the grill is the perfect way to enjoy the amazing sausages that Parma produces. They are the most delightful concoctions you're likely to ever come across. Their Sicilian sausages are loaded with tasty spices that make every bite worthy of saying 'Wow!' as you inhale them & discover their layers of flavor. The only spice I can actually identify is caraway but there are most likely at least a dozen others in there.The Chipotle Cheddar sausages and hot sausage links are nicely spicy without setting you on fire. We try something new each time we go in there and have enjoyed everything we've brought home. Other sausages hold no appeal at our house anymore. They just can't compare to Parma!
5	Awesome linguica sausage made with port wine is our favorite.  The texture of their sausage is smooth and refined.  Service is also great.  Can't say enough good things about the place.
4	Parma's sausage is very good. I tried the fresh hot Italian sausage and the veal sausage. The hot sausage was of good quality and had nice slightly spicy blend. The veal was sweet and nicely flavored too. For me, the veal came out very juicy on the barbecue. Parma also has a great selection of cured meats!And the service is efficient too!
5	Well I just returned from Parma Italy and there products are better here than there.. So 5 more stars for Parma in Pittsburgh.  Thank the good god your in the burgh!
