5	My family has been going to Dr. Ken for almost five years now; even if I moved all the way across town I'd still drive over here for this wonderful dentist and his polite, accommodating staff of assistants. He makes his high-quality dental work as quick and painless as possible, and always with a smile too! Sheila and all the office workers make for the most welcoming and positive environment possible. He is great with kids too; my 9 year old son loves him! After his last check-up, my son said, "That was fun, when can we go back?" Now, how many dentists could make a 9 year old say that?!? Only Dr. Ken, I think:)
5	I have been going to Dr Ken for almost 10 years. He made me LOVE going to the dentist. It's great to walk in and Sheila and the staff know your name and make you feel at home. Kim, the hygienist is super. She is gentle and thorough and ALWAYS asks about my family.Dr Ken goes out of his way to make sure you are comfortable and not feeling any pain. I look forward to each and every appointment and have recommended him to several friends and family. If you're looking for a great dentist...go see Dr Ken. You will not be disappointed.
5	After going to at least two other dentists during my 9 years in Vegas, I finally found Dr. Ken.  He and his whole staff are the nicest people I have ever met in a dental office.  The best part is Kim, the hygienist, who gives you a gum massage after cleaning and scaling.  I've never had any other dentist or hygienist do that before, have you?!?!.  I didn't mind driving from the East side of town up 95 to this office to go to my appointments.  It was worth it!  Also, I'm pretty sure they have extended hours and are open on weekends to accommodate any busy schedule.  Highly recommended!!!
5	Let me start off by saying I have a significant phobia of dentists. I've had a REALLY bad experience (that lasted 3 years) during my childhood.Dr. Ken is amazing. He really does go out of his way to make sure you are comfortable, and no pain is felt. He is very gentle, and even when I had my wisdom teeth removed I felt absolutely nothing.Kim is a wonderful hygienist and Nadia is an amazing dental assistant. I love this place so much I drive all the way from Lake Las Vegas! They treat you like family and I truly do feel like part of a family coming here. I have been coming here for 10 years now. My husband also loves it here, and so do my 3 children. I will never go anywhere else, and I will never recommend another dental office to anyone!
5	After 9 years of being in Vegas I think I finally found the best Dental place, all the staff were extremely nice, Dr. Ken came and introduce himself, very pleasant and nice man, he also had jokes. Lastly Kim the hygienist, she massaged my gums after my cleaning which was a nice touch. Personable, gentle and highly highly recommended!
