3	Ok so we finally made it last night to the AiRIA club at the casino.  I must say the inside of the club is very nice...very Vegas like.  I realize it's only been open a few weeks and has some growing pains to get through.  Need some more organization at the door.This place has a lot of potential.  The music was ok at first and then the Dj began spinning some tunes I could move to.  I'm into the Electronic/House stuff.The bartenders, waitstaff and go-go dancers have the sexiest outfits to wear! Very hot hot hot!  I love the design of the bar...very cool with the neon lights above.  I love where the Dj is located, having an eagle eye view on the crowd.  The VIP section next to the dance floor is great.  2 Drinks = $21 - Makers Mark and 7&7. Hmmm a little pricey for a place out in the middle of nowhere that has not been truly discovered yet and doesn't quite yet have a following.Chris M. I take it that you work there as the info you have posted here is what's on the website.  The guys at the door were great (maybe that was you Chris - tall/blonde guy) and the security inside greeted us very warmly and nicely.I wonder if this place has plans in the future to expand to a 2nd level (Platinum VIP only section would be cool)...this has the potential to be one of the hottest spots that AZ has to offer. The pics you have posted here is pretty accurate of what one can expect.  A lot of good looking people.Oh yeah, one more thing...good looking out on the outdoor area for us smokers!  It's a little small though. But the view is awesome!Can't wait to see what you have in store for this club!  I may just come check you out for NYE!We stayed long enough to finish our drink.  I'll start you off with 3 Stars for now and will come back and re-review after you blow my mind!
5	Stayed at Wild Pass for my Uncle's 40th Birthday Celebration.  The club is visually beautiful.  You can tell that they put thought into the decor.  I also noticed this more b/c it was a lot brighter in here than your typical club.  (No moment of truth at the end of the night, lol).  The DJ on Saturday night is AMAZING.  If he has a business card, it should say "I Play ALL the Jams" (Sorry, corny inside joke).  Every song felt like my song.  I think I had more fun at this club than I have EVER had at a club and I am a frequent Vegas visitor who is from LA.  I seriously wish this place was in LA because I would be a regular.AiRIA, I LOVE YOU!  Can't wait to come back!
2	First of all, walking into a nightclub and seeing men with missing teeth, more African men than I've seen on the GEO channel and the Go-Go dancers that need to go on a Kardashian Quick Trim "rush" diet ... it was sad. I thought, "Why are they up there dancin' and need a diet plan." So we walked to the bar and tried to get a drink. The glorified bartender had an attitude so we waited. The birthday girl goes to the corner of the bar and tries to get a drink while three of the girls head upstairs to get their groove on. I looked over to see someone up in the birthday girl's face and I tagged one of the other girls and the other girl looked over ... IT WAS ON! One of the girls SNATCHED the girl's wig and it went flying across the bar. We honestly thought time stood still cause we were like "OHHHH!" All I know is 20 seconds later we were the main attraction on the dance floor and it was me, T, Stach, and Sheen ... about 10 bouncers came outta no where, jumped in and broke it up. It happened in a flash. SO! We had to wait it out in the lobby and then walked to the SUV and drove back to Scottsdale. Turns out we were in SOUTH Chandler. I said, "Any city with the word "South" is always bad news." So that's how we ended the night. A lot of scratches and bruises but I'm still trying to obtain the video footage of this memorable night. I know ... unexpected. We keep laughing everytime we think about the girl's face when her wig got snatched. Stach ... girrrrrl! LOL!!!
3	Since I live in Gilbert, this is the closest "club" to us and have been here 2 or 3 times.  Each time it gets WAY too crowded, so much so that you can barely move, and the drinks are ridiculously over-priced.I do love the patio because of the awesome view, but unfortunately the smokers take it over, and there's actually more fresh air inside than out.The go-go dancers are a nice touch, make me feel like I'm in Vegas or something, and the music overall is very good.If drinks were cheaper, and it were a different crowd (and a smaller one so you could actually move around in the place), I think we'd go here more often.
3	Been here several times with local friends and those visiting from out of town.  The music is better on Saturday than Friday nights and unless you get bottle service, there is no room to dance (after 11pm) without bumping elbows with the people next to you.  Having bottle service gets you your own space to dance and a place to sit when standing in 4" heels start to hurt.  We've had bottle service at the tables right by the dance floor and at the "cabana" area (leading right to the bathrooms).  Although the cabanas are nice, the area feels a bit isolated from all the action; hence, I prefer the tables near the dance floor because I'm in the middle of the action and I get to people watch.  Prices for bottle service are very reasonable and I've heard it starts from $200 on up per bottle (we've not had to pay).  The club does feel very Vegas-like, which isn't a surprise since it was designed by the same people that did XS at Encore and Tryst at the Wynn.  Nice layout and ambient lighting; however, it feels pretty small, especially when packed with patrons.  As someone else mentioned, there is a small patio area if you want some fresh air, but once the smokers congregate there, fresh air it aint.The crowd...hmm.  Well, let's just say it's pretty diverse.  I don't go here to hook-up but rather to dance the night away with my friends.  I have pics of me and friends here, but don't want to post such pics on a public site like Yelp, sorry.  This is one time I'm not going to do my duty as a Yelper and share pics.  LOL
1	This place sucked.  Went last weekend.  Paid $10 cover.  The music was sub-par.  Hardly any hip-hop/r&b and when they did play it, they would cut in the crappiest music with it.  The club is far smaller than the website leads you to believe.  All the music was sped up faster than the tempo that they play on the radio.  Must be a west coast thing.  Guess I'm too east coast for the west coast.  We stayed about an hour and left.  Not worth the makeup and outifit.
1	The bartenders here are RUDE and obnoxious, especially the female ones. They blatantly point and make fun of customers, stand behind the bar with their arms crossed and chomp on gum and blow bubbles. The club is beautiful, the dj's are awesome and staff is great.. do yourself a favor a get bottle service so you don't have to deal with the mongrels behind the bar. Or if you do have to go to the bar, don't tip them because they'll probably laugh and talk about you as soon as you turn around. Seeing how unprofessional they are left a BAD taste in my mouth.  Management needs to address this as it seems like its an ongoing problem.
4	Quick and dirty, I think this place is far better than Dirty Pretty or PCL in Scottsdale. For one I love the uh.... diversity? It's got a diverse age group which I was very surprised by but it wasn't an unwelcomed one since there were still plenty of young folk. What I like when I go here is its location, you really forget you're in the desert when you're here but step outside and you'll be thankful you are (in the desert). I love:the club ambiance, grade AAwesome DJ, I mean this in the best way possible, he really keeps the ball rollingthe concept of gogo dancersthe on point security (they are patrolling the floor for any riff raff)the gorgeous view on the patio (a very nice breath of fresh air when you can snag one unless the smokers beat you to it)abundant parking (should you be prepared for a tiny walk)I hate:the poor fact that these "gogo dancers" need a lesson in dancing 101, I've been tempted to get up there myself and show them how it's doneSome of the VIP douchebags actually try to make it rain.... no-nothe bartenders are not very friendly but who gives a ****?drinks.... $$$.... wtf?
3	4/21/11Heard about this place from coworkers who all commented on how tiny it was.  And though they were correct (the space is small), I liked the layout of the bar, women's restroom, VIP tables, and patio.  Thanks to 98.7 The Peak, my group of 6 was able to secure a VIP table (we chose one of two silver-curtained tables) with free appetizers (3 max.), which helped out a lot in terms of controlling costs, as drinks were pricy (which is to be expected from a resort nightclub)!  Thursdays are "Ladies' Night," which means no cover charge for women and drink "specials" from 6:30p to 8p.  Drinks include $3 domestic bottles of beer, $5 glasses of wine (choice of 2 reds and 2 whites, Sycamore wine), and $8 martinis.  Shots were $9 each (!!), and our group of 6 had 3 rounds of Pineapple Upside-Downs, B-52s, and Butterscotch!  Mmm!We were there from 6:30p through 10p, and there were only about five groups until The Peak's raffle at 8p commenced and ended, and then there were pretty much just two groups- mine and another of about five.  (I'm guessing they also won a VIP pass, courtesy of the station.)  Cuz mentioned that VIP passes can be found on the website, BUT we were able to try the Calamari (w/ spicy aioli) and the Beijing chicken nachos (w/ crispy wonton strips, hoisin bbq'd chicken, and Asian guacamole).  We all LOVED the calamari, while the nachos were met w/ mixed views.  I think the crispy wonton strips were the culprits w/ the rest of my group-- I actually liked the dish, although my request to have the guacamole "on the side," I'm guessing, went unheeded; The lights were turned down very low, and we couldn't see what we were eating.  :(  I love avocados, but they don't love me, and I am paying quite a price for either the bartender's or the kitchen's carelessness AND my recklessness for trying it (w/out being able to see what I was eating) for the next few days!Bartender Bob, who was flying solo, was friendly and attentive, but as the afternoon turned into night, he began to get bogged down w/ drink and food requests.  (He brought over our first round of shots, but we had to take the next three rounds back to our table ourselves; my second order of calamari was forgotten; and I had to remind him of it again about an hour later).  We had a good time, even though Airia didn't start to fill up until just when we were ready to leave (around 10p).  Would I come back again?  Probably not, unless I win another VIP table pass w/ free apps AND complimentary B-52s!  ;)
1	It was my first time to came to this place. At the front door, you should pay $10. I entered the room and started checking the room, the music, etc. I stood up before the enter to dance floor and one bodyguard/ security asked me to moved with unpolitely because I just stood there not even for 5-10 minutes! Then I said, this is my first time to come and I would like to see the dancer. He reply with rudely and said that I should be sit down or go to dance floor, or go to the bar. I explained to him that if I sit down, I couldn't see the dancer. He insisted asked me to move somewhere else. I complained to the front door, and she asked me whether I wanna stay or leave. Well, I paid already! I won't miss the fun right? So I stayed although this man ruin my mood, bought couples of beers and stood up more to the left side from my first spot behind the bar. Guess what? for 2 hours I watched so many people came and stayed and stood up on my first spot, and this security (now he moved between the dancer on the dance floor) never even come ever to asked them to moved!!! For 2 hours I surveyed this moment! This security guy really ruined my night!!!The Dj very awsome and like the dancer,but not the attitude of this person. Maybe if that security/ bodyguard/ whatever moved or resigned? (I am sorry, I am kinda mean this time!).
4	OK I wrote a review before but it was filtered or something so I deleted it and writing a new one. So this time my review will consist of actually reviewing the club because it has serve its time in the valley. My first review was around when it first open. I feel it was pointless because any business when it first open will be hyped.So when the club first open I went there quit a bit. Now I've been away from that spot for about a year or so. I think they have been open about 2 years now. So I recently decided to go there again because they have been bringing in big name DJ's from Vegas and California. I myself do a little DJing so it was a great opportunity to see some good DJ's. One of the nights I was there I spoke with one of the staff member. That person told me the club is a little slower than when they first open. He said Thursday has turned to a Ladies night style lounge. Friday is not super pack like it use to be. Which is probably why they are bringing in big name DJ's. Saturday was still the same. Me being the club guy I decided I'd check out all three nights.Here are my experiences on all three nights:Thursday night it was dead. There was a radio station running it. But the good thing I like was they were serving food. The more I think about it, it would be a perfect place for a date with someone. Nice scenery and laid back. No DJ. No Cover.Friday night it was not as pack as it use to be. No lines to get in and the dance floor actually have walking room now. I'd prefer that any day. I'm not too big on a pack club where you can't move around anyway. That was the night of the guest DJ. Yes he was good!! Ladies are free before a certain time. Cover 10 bucks.Saturday it was packed still the same.  Plus waiting lines to get in. It was like any packed club hard to move around but that means more fish in the sea. haha. So I highly suggest you get the VIP bottle service. DJ is the 101.5 DJ. Cover 10 bucks.The crowd that go to this club is a lot older. Average age I would say is 26. And you can catch people much older than that. The people seem to have a more relaxed vibe. Not that 21 age style Mill Ave has where everyone is looking for trouble.I'm letting EVERYONE know this is a NIGHTCLUB not a BAR!! So yes the music is not for everyone taste. There will be Electronic, Pop, Disco, and some Hip Hop. But the beat still keep me moving and I'm good with that. Overall its a nice spot. Just keep bringing in those DJ's!!
2	I don't know what was up on the night I decided to take my out of town guest to Club Airia but Aug 27 was not the night...First we arrive at 11:00pm and we were about the fifth person in line to get in..So I said ok this should be ok. I think Not!! Some of the security guards were rude and unprofessional. We sat in line for 30 mins while he let hoards of other people in right in front of us. At first I said ok those are people for a private party then i realized it was either people he knew or people that was passing him money. I kindly ask why we were not being let in the club and he stated that he was close to capacity. I said oh ok. But then there was a group of girls behind us standing in line and he pointed to them and ask how many were in their party and one girl answered 7 and he said ok come over here and he let them in..Which I thought was very rude of him. Plus others who were standing in line also noticed his behavior. As we continued to stand there and watch him let all of these people in before i grew even more annoyed. Finally the guard who was letting his friends in or people who he thought should be inside more than us I should say. Another guard came over to us and said if you paying with cash you pay me $10, if you paying with a credit card you have to continue to stand in line because there was something wrong with his POS machine. I felt kind of funny giving him my money. Because I just saw the other guard taking money from people and letting them right in. Because me and my friends never got offered that option. Once we got inside the floor was nasty and sticky..The music was not right. I don't know if they had a different DJ or The DJ was not feeling well.Now onto the bar. We ordered two drinks a Long Island and Margarita. HORRRIBLE!! She poured them out the Well both drinks..I had to pay for a Grand Marnier shot which was $9.00 and she didn't put it in a shot glass she poured it on top of my drink and then told me to drink some more and she would pour more...I thought this was so unprofessional. When me and my friend finished our drinks we went back to the bar but to another bartender and he made them by hand, much better but not too much better, So I don't know if they read their comments. But someone needs too...Go to AIRIA at your own risk...I'm done..P.S. And there is no where to sit not in less you pay for bottle service which is HORRIBLE...
2	This really doesn't deserve a long drawn out review so here goes....Bouncer let us in past the line which is rude for everyone else and started my experience off on a sour note but it get progressively worst....Music was off, bar was sticky icky and the drinks were over priced and watered down. Douchebags everywhere and cougars on the prowl which was actually pretty entertaining. After 15 minutes, I hightailed it out of there and went back to the casino bar. Save your time and money.
4	I really like the cool space in AiRia, DJ always play great music and I highly impressed with the good service from their security that allow me and my group to sit at VIP cause they appreciate us came early at Friday when they just open. But seriously, I need to SIT! This place doesn't have a place to sit at all if you don't open a table! I wish they could develop the bench or the a cool place in the bar for sitting.. that would be awesome..
1	This Nightclub is now closed. Reopened as a Live Music Lounge. Airia Unplugged  www.wingilariver.com
