5	Awesome place to go. Their motto says it all, "little place, big flavors" or something like that. It's just really really good.
5	Food is insanely good.  Fresh meats and very, very tasty.  When you order a sandwich (i recommend the godfather I or II), the owner goes to the fridge and begins slicing cuts for your sub.  Doesn't get much fresher than that.  They have a few tables, but I've never eaten there so I cannot comment on the service but they are always friendly when I order take out.  In addition to a plethora of sandwich options there are italian dishes as well.  I've had the lasagna which was a large, flavorful portion.  Desserts are great too.  Try a Cannoli.
5	Deli Roma- Great Italian deli.  Large portions.  Sandwich meats are slice to the order.  Perfect tiny dining room with plastic red and white checkered table cloths.  Soooo good. Go there.  Eat!
5	Finally went to Deli Roma yesterday and so glad i did. I've been meaning to go for a while but, always forget about it because of it's location. It's small but cool at the same time. All the Italian nostalgia in there is fun to look at while you wait.We got a veggie muffaletta, grilled panini, and a Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog.Veggie Muffaletta ($5.25)~ Wow! So much flavor with the olives, 2 kinds of cheese, and the in house olive dressing. Served on a 5" round Pane Mariano bread (my new favorite bread). Great price for a huge sandwich.Grilled Panini ($6.49)~ It was the panini of the week, not sure what it was. It had 2 kinds of meat( ham and salami i believe) and cheese. The focaccia bread was grilled to perfection. We got the order to go and it was still super hot when we got home! Tasty sandwich with a TON of meat in there!Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog ($2.75)~ Very good dog with all the fixings. Only complaint was that it was not very warm but that's OK with a hot dog i guess.If you can find this place you need to go! The mailman was eating lunch when we were there. I always think if the mailman eats there, you know it's good!
5	Absolutely wonderful. IDK what the other guy was talking about complaining about the service. I was greeted with a smile and a friendly conversation while I waited for the old man to make my sandwiches. Reminds me of when I lived on the east coast. Got to love Boar's head.
5	Boar's head meats and cheeses are what they use for their sandwiches, and they also have olives,and some other deli items. The sandwiches are great, and the service is friendly. I miss their old employee John, he was such a charming, handsome young lad. :-( They even know Chris Burke!!!!
5	Food was amazing!!! Just wish it were open on Sunday :)
5	This place is the best. Americano is ridiculously good.
4	Place is pretty good. Have been here a handful of times. I always get the Godfather (1 or 2) which is an Italian beef sandwich. It is really good.  My wife really enjoys the Americano.  Overall I have not had any issues, except for my recent visit.  There was an issue with one sandwich, called up and talked with the owner.  He was very understanding and wanted to make things right, so he gave me a $25 gift card to use the next time I'm there.  I won't let one little issue stop me from eating here.
5	This is the best place for authentic Italian food.The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!
5	This place is a great stop for lunch. The sandwiches are huge and they use boars head premium deli meat on their subs. I challenge you to take down a whole one. They also make fresh pasta and lasagna that is to die for. Check This Place Out!
1	We went here on a Saturday afternoon and no one was at the front counter.  It's obvious that this is a small mom & pop type operation, which is encouraging because this usually means good food.  But we wouldn't know because no one ever came to the counter.  There was one couple at a table eating, but no other customers at the time.  There was a dude walking around in the back, he looked right at us, but didn't acknowledge us in any way.  We stood there for quite a while and looked over the menu repeatedly, hoping that at any moment someone might come forth and say something as simple as "I'll be right with you" etc.  Didn't happen.  I get the whole idea of them not being fast food, and that good food takes time so on and so forth, but that shouldn't also mean "we will not acknowledge your presence.  Ever."  Three more people came in behind us and proceeded to wait.  There were then five of us crowding around the counter................waiting...................and waiting...........Here on Yelp I noticed that one complaint had a response from the business, which gives me some hope, but hey guys, I was there, with money in hand and you dropped the ball.........again apparently.  We walked out after waiting a longgggggg time for nothing.   We may try again some day when we have absolutely nothing better to do.  However, if this is standard operating procedure I don't know that they'll still be around for that "some day."
5	Only place in the area that makes an authentic Vienna beef Chicago style hot dog.  Simply awesome!
5	Been in SP for a year now and only just discovered this place on my way home tonight. Wanted something quick, tasty, and not from a fast food chain. Talk about a good stop. My sandwich was just filled with Boars Head ham, salami, cheese, delicious fresh tomatoes all on excellent toasted bread. Considering the amount of meat and the overall size of this sandwich the $7 and change price was more than reasonable. I'm already looking forward to going back here. Service was pleasant and quick considering there were two people immediately in front of me.  A unique gem in an area of SP dominated mostly by fast food joints.  Only wish they had better roadside presence so I had been able to find them sooner!
5	This place is awesome! The food is amazing to say the least. The only time I have been disappointed is when I showed up on a Monday and found out they were closed. Best place for Italian in the area. Thumbs up to the owner and staff, keep it up!
3	Nice little sandwich shop in Sun Prairie and they do a decent job but they have big plastic things of Prosciutto to make them look like a big time Italian deli only one problem...they don't serve Prosciutto on any of their sandwiches and you can't even order it extra.   They advertise that they have a couple of types of Lasagna and to ask for what they varieties are but they didn't have any when i was there.  The sandwich I did have was good and they heat up bread that tastes very yummy.  I'll give them another chance.
1	I never thought I would write a one-star review of Deli Roma, but I think this once-great deli's day has passed. For the last year or so the food has been slipping and become mediocre - including, this fall, the worst plate of spaghetti I've ever been served in a restaurant (by an employee who is no longer there), but our experience on Saturday pretty much finished our long relationship with Deli Roma.We arrived around 4:30 p.m. and there was no one else in the deli. A young man was seated behind the register and greeted us, but did not get up. We saw the specials board had an item which was a play on the Godfather, their signature Italian roast beef sandwich, and discussed whether we'd want to try it. During all this the gentleman behind the counter remained seated but appeared to be paying attention.When I said we were ready to order he got up, but when I ordered a Godfather he said that they were out of Italian beef. I have worked in restaurants myself and at times you do run out of items, but I don't understand why the specials board carried an item they didn't have and more incomprehensible yet is why he would listen to us talk about the aforementioned special and never bother to mention he couldn't make one anyway. The specials board should have been blank, and more importantly, he should have told us when we came in that they were out of some ingredients.If he had, we probably would have stayed and ordered something else, but his attitude projected total, casual indifference in serving us and getting our business. If they don't want our business, we won't give it to them any more.
5	I found Deli Roma too late.  Fortunately, I was able to enjoy the godfather part I several times this winter before it closed.  This was my favorite sandwich, anywhere, ever, period.  Sad to see you go, thank you for the delicious food!
5	Ross, I hope you're going to show up somewhere else. Sure miss you in SP.
5	By far the best food I've had anywhere on the planet, except possibly my wife's cooking.  I am still distraught that they are closed and hope they will reopen.
