4	Helpful staff! This is what I like to see!!! Love the selection and the staff was very great in helping me and my Auntie find what we needed :D
4	Easy location, really helpful employees, and everywhere I looked was fully stocked. My only complaint is that the store is small and has so much product. Customers tend to "hog" an area so you can barely get by or grab what you want. It's strange! The woman ringing me out was really cool, I asked her what kind of bleach she recommended and instead of what I had brought up, she found me a cheaper and better solution!
4	I don't know what I would do without Sally's! I love the professional hair and nail products they offer to the general public that you can't find at Ulta or similar stores. They carry profesional hair color brands such as: Wella, Ion, Clairol, as well as other hair needs such as extensions, brushes, shampoo, conditioners, and removers. One can also find anything and everything you need to give your self a professional manicure or pedicure. Color brands that they carry include China Glaze and Fingerpaints. You can also find other manicure goodies like buffers, seperaters, clippers (and other tools), and nail art/jewelry. There is also tons of artificial nail systems including acrylics, gels, and wraps. This location always seems to have what I'm looking for in-stock, which is nice because the two Sally's store closest to me are really far apart.  I also find that the staff here is more friendly and willing to help you with any questions you might have while also letting you do your own thing. I've noticed that they also have a pretty decent selection of Gelish nail colors, but the price for the size is pretty pricey.
1	I came into this Sally's at 8:30pm (30 minutes before they close) because of a coloring Catastrophe. The two girls working rolled their Eyes when they saw a customer had entered the store. They Were already counting the drawer as if it were 5 min. Till close. I had questions And was Ignored even though there was no one else in the store. My roots were the same color as Ronald McDonald's for pete's sake!! Ladies help me out here!!!?? I love Sally's but this location really let me down.
