4	I've been going to Brown Road for four years, since I rescued two Golden Retrievers.  Through all of the everyday (vaccinations, etc.) and complex (Cushing's disease) issues my dogs have had, BRAC has been warm, supportive and understanding.  My dogs actually enjoy going to the vet, because they receive genuine attention and affection from the staff.The two vets have differing styles...I like Dr. McNulty more than Dr. Atkins, but I have friends who have had the opposite reaction.  If you go and don't make a connection to one of the vets, you can ask for your next appt to be with the other.I have recently become more financially limited, and they have been sensitive to that, offering me alternatives to a recent issue we are dealing with.
5	Dr. Adkins is the best vet. You can tell he loves his job and he makes you feel like he loves your pet too. He is thorough and knowledgeable. The office staff are very friendly and helpful.
5	I was looking for a smaller scale family vet and met with Dr Adkins.  Nice quirky kinda guy.  Straight shooter and down to earth.  He answered all my questions without me feeling like I was a bother.  (I liked that!)  In my opionion some Doctors treat the general public like morons or aids patients.  I didn't get ther weirdo vibe from Dr Adkins.  As for my last vet, I couldn't say the same.  Vet tech was REALLY nice.  Front of house lady seemed kinda fake, but was nice enough.  I had a bit of a wait due to two pet emergencies.  The doc even appologized for the wait.  I like the humility.  I totally understand, if my dog was severly sick or hit by a car, I would hope for the same treatment.  I'm very happy to have found a new vet.
5	This is one of the best vet establishments we have ever used. Our 10 mo old Chuggle was sick, not eating, vomiting, and severely dehydrated. Dr Zinn took time with us to review symptoms and diagnose when parvo and fecal samples were negative. We had to return almost daily for a week to give her fluids and run more tests. While this is costly anywhere you go, I felt Dr Zinn worked hard to prioritize treatments and even gave us  a couple of breaks. I felt that he really cared about our dog, took extra time with us, and talked and answered our questions until we felt we were making informed decisions. Our pup is finally starting to feel better. We still don't know what was/is wrong with her, but we are confident we will do what's best with Dr Zinn's help.
1	I am extremely disappointed with Brown Road Animal Clinic, and would suggest taking your animals elsewhere.  My family and friends told me to stay away from Brown Road Animal Clinic, that they have had bad experience, but I wanted to give them a chance.  Boy was I wrong, and taken advantage of.  Never again, I should have listened to all my family and friends that had bad experiences with this clinic.We started with a Dr. McNulty as our pups vet, and she didn't even check my pups.  She looked them over, gave them shoots and out the door.  It felt like she had other things to do besides check my pups for health problems, maybe happy hour?My girlfriend went in, and met with Dr. Mike Zinn, and he was better. He found a few problems with my pups that Dr. McNulty didn't take the time for.  I was quoted and lied to multiple times about my pups costs. I asked why I was told something different before I made the appointment and the office lady said I don't know. Really, tell me this after I am there? This happened a few different times. I feel they are interested in making money at my pup's expense.  I called around and found out they are higher than other vets in the area.
5	My family first started going to see Dr. Adkins when I was two years old and we had our Rottie puppy. 12 years down the road I got my own dog and noticed a mass developing on his leg. I took him straight back to see the vet we grew up with, and despite not being in for five years Dr. Adkins remembered my family. My Great Dane ended up having to be put down, but Dr. Adkins had the best bedside manner and even stayed with me and talked to me about the Rainbow Bridge after it was done.About a year later I got a new dog, and brought him in to see Dr. McNulty. That was a mistake. Harley is a rescued German Shepherd and I told Dr. McNulty how nervous he was and the proper ways to approach him. In stark contrast to Dr. Adkins, she has no bedside manner. She couldn't take his temperature because she terrified him, he expressed his anal glands everywhere and she got frustrated, and she rushed us out when it was all done. I was appalled.A couple months later he developed an eye infection and I took him into Brown Road again, this time requesting the vet that gave me a great experience. BIG DIFFERENCE. He spoke calmly and moved slowly, understanding that Harley was nervous. He took the time to listen to my concerns and was honest with me about everything. Harley even sat for him and let him look into his second eyelid. Rather than growling and cowering in the corner, Harley (while still apprehensive) would let Dr. Adkins do what he needed to do. I couldn't afford to pay for the eyedrops for Harley at the time (he had pink eye) but Dr. Adkins sent me home with them anyway and told me to come back and pay for them once I got my paycheck (which I did).All in all, Dr. Adkins is the best you can have. He's compassionate, caring, and concerned. Avoid Dr. McNulty if your dog has any sort of reservations for the vet.
5	My wife and I got our first puppy from a rescue. We went to the vca which I was not fully content with. I found Brown Road Animal Clinic and I gotta say my pup found his forever vet. Dr. Mcnulty helped ke the first couple times and I really enjoyed how much she seemed to really care about my dog. She was ok with my million questions and was great with the information she provided. Today I saw Dr. Zinn, I didnt know what to expect out of a young guy but he seemed to be knowledgeable and care about my dog just as much. The staff there is always so friendly. I would advise anyone looking for a vet to try out this place.
5	Last ditch effort when all other possibilities failed- surgery. Voila!  Stupid dog ate plastic (vacuum cleaner attachment piece our lab chewed up). She's all better and grateful to Brown for all their efforts and compassion.
1	Avoid this Clinic.  Doctors bedside manner and lack of knowledge are appauling.  They need to be shut down.
5	I was super pleased with Dr. Zinn and his staff. My poor Petey had been losing weight and urinating a lot. We believed he had diabetes. Sure enough, Dr Zinn confirmed our suspicions and really helped us transition into new care for our dog. He was very clear on what would happen. He had his aide explain how to give shots, how we might have to adjust the medication, and even safely disposing of his needles.  He never tried to up-sell us on tests we didn't need. The staff was super-friendly! And my bill at the end wasn't terrifying!  Good job guys!
