4	So I met this dude a while back named Steve.  I met Steve through my friend Tyler.  Now my first impression of Steve is that he's a total "bro."  He has a fitted hat on and the bill is ironed and he's wearing it crooked.  Steve says obnoxious shit and is all-in-all a tough pill to swallow.  But who cares?  I don't have to best friends with the guy, he's an acquaintance.The next time I see Steve, Tyler and I head to his apartment where we were all going to leave to get some coffee.  I walk in and Steve is doing a cute girl's hair.  I mean, he's coloring it.  He has his own salon chair and he has a mirror set up and a wash bowl in his kitchen.  All my preconceived notions were shattered.  I knew nothing about this dude.   Recently Steve takes me to the Royal Thai Grill.  Insisting that it's the best Thai food in Phoenix.  Saying specifically, "Do you like going to Thai Basil?--you'll never go there again."  The restaurant is located in the corner of a small strip mall and pretty far out of the way for a guy who lives in Tempe.  The decor is lack luster.  Just some red booths and bamboo plants, etc.  Pretty standard stuff.            We sit down and the owner, an older Thai gentleman almost immediately says hello as he recognizes Tyler and Steve.  Then, much to my total shock and disbelief, Steve, the straight bro-ish hairstylist, begins speaking Thai to the owner.  Once again, I was completely at a loss for words.  It turns out Steve lived in Thailand for a couple of years.  Who is this dude?!           Steve was right.  The food was outstanding.  I had the Green Curry chicken and got it made "medium" spicy.  Now, Steve made sure I got that "Thai" medium not "American" medium and I suggest you get it that way too.  It was perfect (even though, next time I may try "hot") especially when paired with a cold bottle of Singha.  Steve got, what he tells me translates from Thai as, "Meat Salad."  Which was really surprisingly flavorful and went perfect with sticky rice.  Tyler is a vegetarian and a bit of a picky eater, so he just got Lemon Tofu.  Which is from the Chinese food part of the menu but I will tell you that the batter on the tofu was phenomenal!  I work as a kitchen manager and many more years as a cook and that batter was absolutely flawless.  All the food is served in family style servings, so you're supposed to order your food and share it with others at your table.  So you end up getting a lot of food for your money. So if you want exceptional Thai food (or Chinese), and according to my surprising friend Steve, a real Thai food experience go to Royal Thai Grill.  Bring someone you think you know everything about.
5	It was my first time at Royal Thai Grill. As we walk in the owner greet us right away. My favorite Thai dish is Kra Proa Kai so I had to try it here. I am HAPPY to say it was EXCEPTIONAL! We also order Papaya salad and it was GREAT! We went there around 1:30 and we were the only customer there. So we got the best service and full attention from the owner. Really GREAT guy. It's a bit far for me to travel but I definately be back soon!
4	My whole life I've only tried one dish at Thai restaurants: Pad Thai. I came to Royal Thai with a frequent visitor and he introduced me to some awesome Thai food: Thai iced tea, which was delicious. Thai beef jerky, shrimp lemongrass soup and salad with steak strips! The food was made with fresh ingredients, not greasy, and delicious! This Dominicana gives it two thumbs up!
5	this is the best thai food place in the valley.  period.  other kitchens come here to learn and guess their food contents and how to cook it.trust me, i been to sawadee, thai rama, the old char thai, malee, yuphas, thai paradise.  if u talk to the owner, he can tell u that sawadee's owner and chef started coming the longest, thus their food come in as number 2 behind this place.  the rest are still trying.if u want noodles, order this "kim-mao" or tell the owner, drunken noodles.  its not on the menu but its very good.  oh, it can be quite spicy, so if u dun like it too hot, let them know.   An alternative for the noodles will be pad see yew, which is also rice noodles, but this one with dark sweet soy sauce.i dun need to tell u abt their good curries, just order them and try them.  do order their pork with mint leaves.  its got an interesting flavor and very tasty :)
2	This restaurant was recommended to me.  I just wasn't that impressed.  Went for lunch on Sunday.  The place was empty except for one other couple that came in as we were getting ready to leave.  The service was really bad.  We were ignored for about 5 minutes after coming in and sitting down.  Our drinks and food were all served promplty  but with no smile or friendliness.The menu was a list of specials hanging all over the walls.  The only vegetarian option was Green Curry so I ordered that.  The soup came out first and had brown curly noodles in it as well as chunks of small brown pieces of chicken.  Two of my kids liked it but I couldn't try it.  Lunch was served with fried rice instead of white or brown and I wasn't a fan of that.  The egg roll also had meat so I couldn't try that.My girls shared the chicken teriyaki and were not impressed.  The fried pieces of wonton were the most popular part of the meal.  My son had the red beef curry and enjoyed it.  So did my husband.I won't be back.
5	After two weeks in Thailand this is one of the few places in the valley that are still good.  Great food with a hint of Lao for those who would know the difference.  And as a note to the one two star review they're Thai they aren't exactly the most vegetarian friendly of genres and having to choose between service and good food I choose good authentic food every time.
2	Thought I'd give this place a try since it was near work and I love Thai Curry.  It was eh.  First, the soup was really bad, brown rotini noodles, brown broth, very unappetizing.  I ordered the beef curry lunch special.  Not much beef a TON of bamboo shoots, some sauce and fried rice.  The sauce was ok.  Next time I'm looking for Thai Curry near work, I'll search for somewhere else.
2	Got a Pad Thai lunch special to go here a few days ago. It was nasty. The noodles were greasier than normal and very bland. The noodles were thinner than what I'm used to but the consistency was good. Too bad the taste wasn't. I barely tasted any tamarind flavor. I got it with chicken and it came with bits and scraps of chicken. Some pieces were big, some were small... and some were dark colored. I started to question the freshness of the meat and to be safe just ommited eating it.It was served with fried rice, a eggroll and a wonton since it was a lunch special. The fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it. Its apparent that this stuff was used as a filler item. I didn't touch it. The eggroll was okay and the wonton... well how can you mess up a wonton, really... Reason for the extra star is because their thai tea was really good. I'll give them that. The flavor was authentic and I can taste that they used condensed milk in it.My total came out to about $10 and believe me I was kicking myself because I passed up a bunch of other places on my drive back to work that I could've gotten a tastier lunch and saved a few bucks, too. I threw out my meal after a few bites and was glad I was getting off work in a few hours and could go get something else to eat.
3	So I went here the other day with a friend for lunch. The food was.... strange. I don't know if this place makes Thai food from a different region than most others or what, but the menu was not what I expected and the food was not what I expected. The place had some 'Chinese' lunch specials.... which is weird in itself, and the main menu had thai food I guess. I ordered the chicken with pan fried noodles.... expecting like a crispy noodle. Not the case. I don't know why they call these pan fried noodles... they're just kind of greasy wide rice noodles that are like Chow Fun or something.... not at all what I expected. Also, what I found really strange, was that a) they don't have you choose a spice level, so the food isn't spicy at all and b) the food had green onions and cilantro and that's it as far as vegetables go. Every Thai place i have ever been to uses lots of fresh vegetables, which is why it generally is better than Chinese food. The noodles were fine, they had a decent taste, but I wouldn't want to go get them again. My friend really likes the curry here, so maybe that's good and I should try it next time.... but honestly I didn't think this place was so great.... Also, it was pricier than any other Thai food place I've been to, with most entrees costing around 10$.
4	The owner is the exact opposite of our experience with Thai people. Horribly rude man. Will never go back. Even though the food is great. Probably the best Thai in town.The Garlic Chicken is top shelf and they are the only ones who make anything like it.
5	* This place serves amazing NORTH EASTERN THAI food from Essan region. This is an important fact to take note of.After reading the poor reviews for this place it's easy to see that the poor reviewers have never been to Thailand and had REAL Thai food. This is real Thai food.The service is always super friendly. The old man is very sweet and very chatty. It's just him and his wife so sometimes he's busy. They ABSOLUTELY adjust the spice levels, so whoever said they don't is misinformed.Why do they have Chinese food on the menu? Well, look at the poor reviewers here and that's exactly why. They're serving authentic NE Thai food here. Most people in AZ can't tell you where the USA is on a map let alone Thailand. They have to offer mainstream Chinese foods because that's what their clientele expects. Same reason the Burmese spot on Southern and McClintock does as well. Unfortunately, if they sold only their core product, they probably couldn't stay alive. This is Country Club and McKellips in Mesa, AZ, not the San Gabriel Valley in SoCal.EVERYTHING from their Authentic Thai portion of the menu is amazing and will fill your taste buds with a real treat. Explore the menu and don't be afraid to order "weird shit".
5	Phenomenal, authentic Thai food.  Only place as good in the Valley is Thai Buffet and American Sandwiches.  To those who rated this place lowly, I feel sad for your tongue and pray you have no children to which you impart your palette.
5	This is the best authentic thai place in arizona.  Hands down.try the papaya salad w/ crab. pad see eww is good too.  one thing that isn't on the menu that you can order is the beef jerky, the name doesn't do it justice but if you know about thai food you'll thank me later.  it's really one of those hole in the wall places and everyone knows that's where teh good food really are.  because of the location it really doesn't get as much traffic as it should.
5	My friends and I love the food at Royal Thai Grill. We are Thai so we know how good Thai food should be. The owners are very friendly. The price is very reasonable. I have been there at least 10 times now and never been disappointed. I'm so happy I found this place, my favorite Thai restaurant ever.
5	I absolutely love this place! The fact it's only a couple miles from my house is an added bonus. It's authentic northeastern Thai food. It's very good. I've backpacked through the region and know the cuisine, obviously not as much as someone who's lived there for years as an ex-pat, or a resident, but I feel I got a grasp of the cuisine in the month I lived there. This place is phenomenal. It's the best Thai food I've had in the valley. Obviously it's not your typical Thai food restaurant, due to it being NE Thai, but don't let that turn you away. Don't let any of the bad reviews turn you away, I've been blown away by the food. Their salads are all phenomenal. There is one with lettuce, glass noodles, bean sprouts, pork, and shrimp (forgot the name!) and that's my favorite. If you're not into spicy, order at a 1 or 2 spicy and they'll bring out the chili spice for you to put on yourself. I've ordered it a 3 spicy and it's almost too much for me to handle, and I LOVE spicy food and especially Thai spicy. They serve a pitcher of water at every table. Their larb salad is also to-die-for. They serve traditional Thai soups like shrimp and rice, chicken and rice..etc. They're so good and a meal in and of themselves.
1	We saw the chef dump used chili sauce back into the container on the table after the customers left. Bleh :(
5	We eat here all the time. It is the most authentic Thai in the valley. Love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners. You won't be disappointed.
4	The location is not fancy at all... but this is top-notch thai food!  And the owner is a bit of a comedian.  Good dining experience!
3	*300th review!*If it weren't for Yelp, I never in a million years would have stopped here for lunch. The restaurant is tucked in the back corner of a very sad and run down little strip mall. Half of the store fronts are empty and decrepit. The restaurant itself was pretty run down, but for so many good reviews, I'm willing to over look the scenery and jive with the hole in the wall-ness.Ok, atmosphere first. There didn't seem to be any electricity. Or at least, they were saving on their bill, because there wasn't a single light on in the place, bathroom included. There was a tv playing some daytime drama (not in English) of a woman who cried the whole time, and a fan turning with as much energy as a fat kid on a bike (that means slow). The decor is a mix of ethnic religious paintings, framed records of Journey and Michael Jackson and random musical instruments hanging on walls or jammed in corners. They must get down at some point, why else have 15 piece band equipment at your disposal?The food. We ordered some kind of fried shrimp appetizer, a plate of veggie fried rice and chicken Pad Thai. The shrimp was good! They were fried in some kind of tasty cornmeal batter. The rice was.. Meh. The Pad Thai was all right, but the chicken was suspect. It tasted very strongly of... chicken. You know that flavor I mean? It's like the dark bits, the stuff you make your dad eat. The owner was quite the character! He took our order and then went on a five minute rant about how crazy Indian (like from India) people are and how spicy they like to eat their food. At least I think that's what it was about. The quirkiest part of the whole thing was the limes. I know, right? The limes? When he brought over our water, it came with a plate of sliced Key Limes. The tiny and delicious ones! The Pad Thai came with Key Limes too! They were sweet and juicy and amazing and completely unexpected.I don't know that I'd ever come back, I rarely go to Mesa in the first place. But I wouldn't rule it out I guess.
5	OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DAMN. This place is LEGIT tasty, and STUPID spicy! Super unfancy. Super tiny. Super clean. Super real. It seems to be run by a cute older couple.REALLY AMAZING FOOD! ZING. It's in a super tiny little plaza just east of Rally's. Skip the Big Buford and go for something euphoric.
2	This was chinese food, which was a total surprise, since it is called a Thai Grill. I ordered kung pao chicken, which wasn't spicy at all and kind of bland. My wife had the lemon chicken which was pretty good, but not great. I was pretty disappointed that the only Thai food on the menu was pad thai. Oh well. It was worth a shot.The fellow who worked there was quite a character, and was fun.
5	We went here at an odd time (3-ish) and we were greeted with a smile. Every dish we tried was delicious. Garlic chicken, pepper steak, Szechwan chicken, and beef curry were all distinctly different and excellent. The curry is authentically spicy and full of flavorful ginger, basil, and lemongrass. This place is a treasure.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would!  This isn't the friendliest place in town.  Sure, it was close to our house but never again will I set foot in this nasty place.  Our first interaction with the owner was him making fun of Americans, that was why they have the "diner special" posted all over the restaurant.   I felt very uncomfortable the second I walked in there.  It felt as if he just saw dollar signs when he would glance at my wife and I.  On to the food.... Horrible, just horrible, I ordered the Shrimp Lo-mein.  To my surprise the food came out really quick!  The second he put the plate of hot mess in front of my face the smell almost started my gag reflex. Now I knew why it had come so fast.  The mixture of noodle, canned mushrooms, cabbage, snow peas, bamboo shoots and whatever else they had thrown in the mix with the shrimp all had burn marks on them.  It looked like they had only stirred the mixture only once, then let the one side just sit in the pan until they smelt it burn, ding, the timer was done. The smell of burnt food actually ended up being the taste of the whole meal!  Now, I am one who will have the waiter take back the plate of food if it is not up to eatable standards but in this case I didn't want to have to fight with this guy about how horrible this plate of crap was.  I nibbled on what looked eatable then we quickly packed our left overs, paid and left, the closes garbage can we found we threw the food away.I'm not quite sure why or if we ordered the right thing but I can't figure out why this place is getting highish reviews on Yelp.  How this place is still open in that matter.  I say turn around and run from this place.  Go try a different hole in the wall.
5	I love the Royal Thai and am never disappointed in my meals there... Although I wish they would kick up the heat level on spicy Thai #5 a bit!I'm a big fan of their curry when it's spiked with a little Pepper Palace ghost pepper powder... I always keep it in my pocket in case I go out. Here it is the perfect marriage to knock the Curry or Mongolian Beef into orbit!I alway tip big when picking up or dining in because I want to continue to enjoy such great Thai, so fast & convenient! I love it because it is a Mom & Pop business... Mom's in back cooking! Dads up front!
4	Went here for lunch today. Definitely a sketchy strip mall, but nice enough inside. Service was quick and attentive. I really appreciate any restaurant when they bring out a carafe of water for the table. Here you get a bonus dish of limes. Lunch specials are 5.95, and there are plenty to choose from. I went with the green curry, which was quite good. The soup that came with it, chicken noodle, was subpar. I would definitely eat there again, as it's mostly good food at a reasonable price.
5	This is the only authentic Thai place here in AZ!  I've tried other Thai places around the valley and nothing compares to this place.  Even though it's in a rundown area/plaza, it's worth eating here.  I love the pad see ew, pad thai, papaya salad, beef jerky, and best of all...Thai ice tea!!  The owner is from Thailand and is very friendly.  Even though it's a bit hard to understand him, he's pretty funny!
1	I don't know how they have a lot of good reviews. The service is blah. The food comes out quick, taste bland. Bad location. The place looks filthy.
2	It's apparent there is some secret password for great food or something. People that had good food here, what's the secret? Is there a secret menu? It's really odd that all the reviews are either really good or really bad, with none that are mediocre.I gave this place another shot and ordered crispy pork with chinese broccoli. When I saw it on the menu I was doing the happy dance. I usually order this at the local thai  places in LA, it's so good. A dish that is pretty simple but amazing when cooked right. When I ordered this, the owner was surprised and asked if I was Thai (which I am not, but I am asian and grew up in LA so I've had more than my fair share of thai food).. I was thinking oh yeah, he got intrigued by my order... this is going to be legit. What the hell! The pork was not crispy at all! The hugest let down ever. There is nothing worst than chewy, rubbery pork belly especially when it is meant to be crispy.  I know all you loyal customers are thinking... whatever she does not know thai food and is not ordering the right stuff. Blah, blah... but I'm sorry, any Thai restaurant should have Pad Thai down, at the very least. Fooled me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me!P.S. I'm really convinced that there is a secret menu because the Pad Thai I described in my previous post did not look the very least like the one in the photo that someone posted here!
3	Hole in the wall with average food. Went for lunch and it's pretty much what you expect from the exterior of the restaurant. Service was quick but with a lack of friendly demeanour.
5	I can't think of any reason to give them four stars. Had the papaya salad, beef jerky and crispy pork.....all were excellent!  The service by the young lady was exceptional. The interior and exterior were a little shabby but that had never bothered me.  Oh, the Thai iced coffee was awesome, def try that.
4	I went here in the late afternoon and there wasn't anyone else in the restaurant which is exactly how I like it. I had the som tom and Thai beef jerky with sticky rice ... I was thoroughly satisfied with my meal! I'll definitely be back.
5	best in town!
5	It takes a little bit to understand the owner but this is one of my favorite places to eat. Lunch prices are great and u get a lot of food.
5	its good... a little bland. its cheep. the food is hot and decent.lunch prices are great. lots of food.
2	I was in the area saw it had 4 starts and decided to give it a shot.Reality the food is alright, however very bland. It does come out very fast which makes you wonder. The price is very cheap with a good amount of food for only $5.95 for lunch though. I probably wouldn't eat here again, but it was better option than Rally's, McDonald's or my work cafeteria.
3	loved the drunken noodle!
4	Always very good. Super cheap prices. I think if you branch out and try the less familiar dishes, you'll like them. They have great flavors here. I think people who order the usual stuff like chicken chow mein etc etc think it's bland because that's a kinda boring dish. Everyone has chicken chow mein! Try something different. Yeah the owner is hard to understand, but he knows the basics and it's not too hard to order. If you ask to make it spicy, it adds extra flavor. So sad that they're hardly ever busy, but they're tucked away hidden behind the liquor store and rally's. They really need a better location, or something like that. I just barely realized they were here recently. I talked to him today and he said this might be his last year. Sad face :( :( he's been there 16 years he said. Maybe we can help him stay put by frequenting his restaurant more often!Go! Eat! Explore the flavors of Thailand!
4	The strip mall is okay and located accross from MacDonald's close to south east corner.It is comfortable and clean with a unique character.It is not run down. The owner is an extremely interesting and diverse person. It is questionable a person has dined there if they say food was bland.Each person is asked the degree of spicy desired.The chicken curry was very good but the coconut chicken soup was fabulous. I asked the owner to order for me.There are over 100 items possible and it is enjoyable to be surprised.
1	Very disappointing.  Was so looking forward to trying this place based on the reviews.   No one was in the place when we came in.   It is In serious need of updating and maybe the health inspector.   We sat in one of the larger tables and the server brought us water which he spilled and then moved us to a different table. We were only allowed to order from a menu in the wall which was basic Asian.  We all ordered the chicken pad thai which was BORING and Bland.  No spice at all.   The broth noodle soup was strange and not necessary.   Never ever go here.   It needs to close.  I don't know where the other reviews ate but it sure wasn't here.
2	I am a Thailand return Peace Corps volunteer, which, for better or worse, has made me a Thai food snob. I came here after reading reviews about the authenticity of the food. We had the Tom yum, which was watered down and tasted simply like chicken broth, som tum (papaya salad) that was neither spicy, nor sweet, nor sour, and larb (minced chicken) that was equally tasteless. The owner was out telling (yelling) stories, which was amusing at first, but he could use some coaching of when enough is enough. I wouldn't recommend coming here.
5	Went here for this first time tonight and everything was DELICIOUS.  The price is definitely right too, especially for two medical school students! You must check out this hidden gem!  I will be back!
