5	Last year, our very active toddler (then 2-yrs-old) was diagnosed with a bone cyst in his femur. Our pediatrician gave us a list of orthopedic surgeons to consult and although Dr. Shindell was at the top of the list, we actually went to the second name -- one of the largest orthopedic groups in the valley -- first. When we met with that first surgeon, he said he could help our son but given the size and placement of the cyst and the risk of it breaking, he recommended that we go to someone who handles these type of cases more often. We asked who he would recommend if it were his son, and he said Dr. Shindell.When we called Dr. Shindell's office, they were able to get us in for an appointment the next day. Needless to say, we were extremely anxious, but Dr. Shindell's calm demeanor and extensive experience helped us worry less. He explained all the options (including a brand new procedure that just finished clinical trials) and possible long-term effects. There was absolutely no pressure to take any one option over the others, and he was willing to give us the weekend to think over our options.It took us about 20-minutes to decide what to do. Dr. Shindell immediately set up the surgery date and called Hanger Orthotics to squeezed us in for a fitting even though it was the end of day on a Friday.The following week, our son had his surgery (would have been sooner, but we had to wait for his custom brace to be made). Dr. Shindell met us at the hospital to explain the details of the surgery ahead of time. After the surgery, he met us in the waiting room and explained the recovery plan and what to expect. Shindell again checked on our son the following day to see how he was recovering. Every time, he explained everything fully so that we could understand what was going on.We still see Dr. Shindell regularly to check on the progress of our son's bone graft. Although he seemed very stoic when we first met him, we also have seen how much he personally cares about each patient... and their parents.We are absolutely grateful for Dr. Shindell!
5	I've known dr. Shindell from pch, he is an amazing Dr. No other like him! He cares about every patient! I had not seen him in year and he fit my son in immediately. He is the best ortho Dr. Around!
