1	These apartments in Fort Mill were formerly called The Paddock. It was the most upscale, well managed complex in the Fort Mill, Rock Hill area. Beautiful landscaping, nice pool area, outdoor grills well maintained. No rodents, good pest control. Since the new owners have taken over it has gone down hill and no where near the amenities we had. Everything is broken, pool is closed, trash everywhere. And no answers are given for everything going up. Rent, water, garbage pick up. The response, if you don't like it we have plenty of people looking for a place to live. It doesn't even deserve a one star.
1	We moved into these luxury apartments summer 2013 when it was still called and managed by Paddock; it was a 5 star.  However, ownership and management changed to Century Springfield Meadows and it dropped to a 1 star. The two ladies at the front desk nor the company does NOT care about customer service.  Maintenance enters your unit WITHOUT a 24-48 hrs notice, which is illegal..and many tenants have experienced this.  Someone at the front desk are signing legal documents and does not forward it to the tenants, such as missing escrow check; missing credit cards received in the mail with change in mailing address.  Multiple complaints are ignored and acts of retaliation are threatened.  In summary, as Century Springfield Meadows Apartments, this place is no longer a luxury apartments...which is a real shame.  We will be moving soon.
2	After some consideration and an incident today with the office we're going from a 4 star review to a 2 star review.  Why?  The attitude of the office staff.They obviously have amnesia regarding what you talked with them about and when confronted about what they said to you just two weeks ago, which contradicts what they're telling you now, you get shot back with attitude and, "I talk to lots of people all day I can't remember every conversation."  Nice.  The apartments themselves are really nice and the staff was nice -- until confronted with a situation then the nice facade falls right off.
1	I totally agree with simply R!!! We moved in summer of 2013 also and we loved it! Now it's a different story! When Susan was here anytime you were able to call the office with any concerns or questions and it would immediately  be handled!! Now you call the office and no one ever picks up. I called at 9 this morning and got the automated answering machine telling me to call back during normal business hour! Unfortunately we are not in the position to be able to move right now, so we have to stay put for NOW!  But the minute we can make moves , we are Sooooooo out of here!!! The apartments are nice just wished new management cared more about the tenants.
1	Before you move in here, there are some things you should know and consider.Know what you're getting. Don't leave any question un-asked. I left our consultation believing we were getting a different floor plan that we received and that we would be receiving the move-in incentive. Turns out we were not eligible due to the length of lease, a stipulation that while understandable, was not disclosed.Trash pickup is extra. Be prepared to add $75 dollars a month to your bill for water, sewer and trash removal. The valet trash removal is nice, but it's $25/month and is not optional. For those keeping score, that's two subscriptions to Netflix and a subscription to Spotify. Just for picking up your trash a couple times a week.  At no point was I told that trash pickup was extra. They also use One Point Technologies to serve their water/sewer/trash for which you will be billed $6/month for service fees and $2/month for pest control (approximately 10-12% of the total bill).The grounds are fairly nice, the neighbors seem fine, the pool isn't bad when it's not stuffed to the brim.
5	I am so happy I applied to this apartment complex.  I had been contemplating on doing it for some time and each time I came over to ask questions the assistant manager Tabatha was so patient with me every time.  She gave me the best customer service each and every time and was always very informative.  Thank you Tabitha for making the transition a pleasant and smooth one.
