5	Wow.  I can get fresh produce and everything I need to make awesome Asian noshables--AND fill up my tank at the same time.  I think I'm in love.
4	It is interesting to see the person above me mentioned the female cashier who hardly smiles and throws pen/coins on the counter. I noticed that myself too and so did my husband. Otherwise, this store is a lot cleaner than Midway and it has great selection of vegetable.
4	Yes, this store is very well stocked.  Additionally, it is right next to a very good Chinese restaurant - the Imperial Garden.  Very convenient!
4	This is also one of my favorite go-to places for groceries. They provide a good shopping atmosphere and are well-stocked with asian groceries. My usual go-to asian marts such as JP asian mart, garden asian mart, midway foods and recently A-mart never lack any of the standard asian groceries I need. All offers a large variety of spices, fresh vegetables, frozen foods, sauces etc. What's special about garden asian market is their deli bar. They have a variety of roasted goodies, roast duck, roast BBQ pork (char siew and also the crispy skin pork) and the honey BBQ chicken wings. Other than the roast duck which is sold by half a duck or the whole duck, you can always get the other items by weight. Which is great since sometimes I'm just trying to satisfy my own cravings and other times I would have a group of friends over for dinner. The deli bar also serves hot cooked dishes every weekend. They typically offer a choice of 4 different dishes each time. These are again sold by weight. These are great since some of the dishes involves too much work to make at home while others offer the convenience if you feel lazy to cook over the weekends. Even if I don't need to get groceries I find myself making a stop at garden just to get some awesome items from their deli =)
2	The Garden is definitely an ok place to fill up your gas tank while you munch on some fresh produce, that is if you get a hankering to do so while traveling through Middleton, WI.
