5	As they say here in Montreal, "nouvel administration, nouveau concept."  Totally new management, and now this shop is tight.  Excellent, prompt service, and very decent prices.  They specialize in fixed-gear bikes, but are fully capable of servicing three-speeders, road bikes, touring bikes, etc.  Nice team.  Chill atmosphere.  No pressure tactics.
5	Walking into C&L you'd think they're all about track bikes, expensive Marinonis and Brooks saddles (and they do have some very nice bikes in there if you want that) but don't let that put you off if you're looking to get your run of the mill Peugeot or Raleigh tuned up or repaired. Very friendly and up front service. When getting my bike tuned up, the owner called me several times to discuss what options were for different repairs to check in. Quick turnaround too. It may look fancy, but really it's a great neighborhood bike store.
5	Great service, reasonable prices, and their electronic billing gives a certain amount of transparency which is missing from other bike shops. Bilingual and friendly.
5	Great place to get your bike tuned, modified, or custom built! My roommate went there and loved their service so I decided to try it myself. I loved the experience and the guys were super nice. Most of the guys there can speak English and French. I got my handle bar tape changed and bought the tape from the bike store. They carry higher-end bike parts and gears but it wasn't too ridiculously priced. They offered me a discount for a cafe around the corner so I could go get a coffee and wait to get my bar taped changed. I think they also offer student discounts but I was just so thrilled with the service and my new handlebar tape I forgot to ask for it. I would definitely go back!Montreal Blog also rated them as one of the best bike shops around the city. They were not wrong!! http://www.mtlblog.com/2014/04/best-montreal-bike-shops/
5	I walked in with an old hand-me-down bike from the 80's not having ridden one for at least 7 years and the very welcoming Jean-Michel adjusted the handlebars and put air in my tires for me. I purchased a super reasonably priced rack for the back of my bike and he explained to me how to install it even throwing in a few extra nuts and bolts I was going to need because of the shape of my bike. Really great experience this is where I will go if I need any repairs/parts from now on :) I also really appreciate that a lot of hard work and love went into the decor of the shop.
