4	I picked up a couple of take-and-bake pot pies from here.  They are quite tasty, just the right size for an individual, and easy on the wallet at 6 bucks each.  I haven't been to any of the other locations, but this one is new, clean and cozy inside.  The folks at the register are smiley and friendly.  I'll probably make another trip to try the "cup" portion and see what their coffee is like, but I would definitely return for the chicken pot pie, either in-house or take-and-bake.
4	When this place popped up at McDowell and 4th, I had never heard of it.  Apparently it's a small chain.  I went recently and really liked it.  It's such a more relaxed environment than the Quizno's and pizza joint next door, and that alone makes it a welcome addition to the businesses around the court complex.I just had some coffee when I went, and it didn't disappoint.  They keep a couple different roasts ready to pour behind the counter.While I didn't have food during my visit, I saw what was coming out of the kitchen, and it looked great, especially for the price.  Coworkers have come back from lunch very satisfied, so I'll take their word on it until I get a chance to eat there myself.In addition to all this, their name lends itself to all sorts of rude nicknames, and I guess that's fun too.Welcome to the neighborhood!
4	This cute little place is right across the street from the courthouse, which is a blessing when you're on jury duty and want to eat something that's not from the courthouse cafeteria, or your run of the mill fast food.  One of their specialties is a chicken pot pie, so I ordered that.  I'm not a frequent consumer of pot pies so I don't have a lot of basis for comparison, but this one was good.  The crust was light and flaky and crispy, and the inside had a creamy gravy and nice chunks of chicken breast and some vegetables.   They had it out to me in just minutes, too.
2	NEVER see many people inside.  coffee, ok.  for somewhere within walking distance of court, it'll do.  not sure how they stay in business.  woman working front counter nice.  expresso / late machine perpetually broken.  go with standard cup-of-Joe.  guys in back always seem to be eating McDonalds (no kidding) and doing close to nothing.  frankly the food-prep-while-eating Mickey D's grossed me out.  seems to be a whole lot of doing nothing back there, which makes sense since no one seems to be ordering the food.  they HAVE to be getting discounted rent / special dispensation from the county.  no other business would have survived this long.  i'll drink the hot coffee. won't eat there without Imodium.  Cup, not Cluck thank you.
3	This place has been on my mind for a while, every time I am down town I see and say I have to go in there to see what it's all about.  So last Friday I had some business down town I had to take care of so I decided to finally go into cluck n cup.  The atmosphere is really beatiful it's a nice place really clean, smell good nice people.  I got the pot pie, and I'm use to really super good pot pies, and being that this place is about the chicken I expected that it would live up to all my expectations.  Well let's just say I enjoyed the brownie that I got after I had my pot pie.  The chicken in it was juicy and great, the vegetable part of it tasted like they open up a can of vegetable soup and poured it in the crust and cooked it.  I'm very upset that it did not taste better than I thought it would have but oh well.  I said I wanted to try it and I did, just never again.  I took my mama with me, and she enjoyed her chef salad very much the ranch dressing was homemade so it was very good.  But I will not be going back, but it was nice to get out down town and walk around and try new places.
5	This is for the Southend Drive location. Cute neighborhood atmosphere and friendly staff. Very cozy... you get the 'I'm getting a homecooked meal' sensation right away. The daily specials are amazingly priced. I had the lasagna with garlic bread! It was a daily special around $6 with a drink.Definitly a lunch spot I plan on hitting up again!
5	Validating parking for my court visit has never been so surprisingly enjoyable.  I can only speak for the Chicken white bean tomato-based soup, but it was stellar.  The chicken was lean, cooked right, and had grill marks on it. Why did I only get a cup?  I enjoyed chatting with one of the two owners for about 25 minutes....Sheesh - I wanted to become a business partner.  Seriously - really good people trying to provide a good product at a reasonable price.  The sub shop next store truly has no advantage over this place - Go to Cluck N Cup!
2	Coffee not very hot. Egg sandwich from the microwave with microwaved bacon on a bagel that was really a roll with a hole. You have to boil it first for it to be a bagel.
4	On a visit to Uptown we came across this place while we were very hungry and decided to try it out. The interior is nice and bright with big windows. The menu is simple and not overwhelming, and everything looks delicious. We got breakfast. Justin had an egg, sausage and cheese bagel and I ordered the bagel and lox, but they were out of lox so I just replaced it with ham. It was really good, everything tasted fresh. The prices were stupid reasonable for uptown; maybe because it's a little bit tucked away. Coffee was really good too. The guy at the counter was really nice and accommodating. If I find myself in that part of Uptown again, I'll definitely pop in, at least for a coffee.
4	Quick service, good coffee, good selection of cafe food.Their drink variations aren't as extensive as the bigger names but I enjoyed what I ordered- skinny mocha latte. My husband says the house coffee was a bit watered down, though.
3	Decided to try this place out while on lunch from serving jury duty. I was going to go to Quizno's but the line was too long. The service was pleasant and quick, the barista was really nice and the cook that brought out my food was cool too. I ordered a mocha latte and the spinach artichoke dip with chips. The latte was tasty, though had a slight burnt taste. I didn't mind too much since I needed the latte to wake me up a bit. The spinach artichoke dip was ok, but the chips were good and hot. I was hoping for more of a cheese based dip but it seemed to be more creamy. A bit tangy-sour like mayo, sour cream, or cream cheese, which I'm not a big fan of. Besides all that I'd still give this place another try. The latte was good, but i'd try something different to eat on the menu, maybe the chicken pot pie mmm!
4	I have never been to the location in South End even though I have driven through there plenty of time (on my way to the nail shop in the same complex). But recently I had to be at the Mecklenburg County Courthouse for various things, and since the closest parking garage is the one by this Cluck N Cup, I stopped in to get a quick bite (and to validate my parking ticket).I like it, something about the big glass windows and sun shining in make it very peaceful. My first visit I ended up doing work here (armed with an iPad, free wifi and remote log in). My go to breakfast item is their breakfast sandwish with ham, egg, cheese on toasted croissant ($3.99). FABULOUS! Their regular coffee is good too, not the watery kind but has a good robust taste to it. They also serve lunch and are open on weekends. Quite honestly their price is very reasonable for being uptown. P.S. Remember the parking validation is only good for 90 minutes ($3 worth).
4	I eat here a few times a month.  I really like their salads; they're huge.  Their chicken salad wrap with broccoli cheese casserole on the side is also another favorite.  I'll enjoy the Friday lasagna special only if I've been good all week!  Cluck N Cup is one of the best options when you are near the Courthouse or Government Center.
