5	Located in the new Cystals shopping area of the City Center.Go see Lorenzo if Cartier tickles your pickle. He's professional, has manners, is not pushy or fake, and he has a classy swagger feel. I've been meaning to replace my old wallet from here that I got as a gift a long time ago. I cruised into Cartier with the mindset to just window shop.Lorenzo saw me browsing around and that I had some questions. Without any fuss or rolling of the eyes, he patiently showed me the different products and gave me feedback about each item. This guy really knew his stuff and above all else, he's polite and isn't like one of those rude car salesman. I just couldn't walk out of there without buying some goodies from him.Unlike some Cartiers in LV, this one has more than just jewelry. So if you're in the market for a wallet, some shades or bags, and so on, then stop on by. I had a great experience here and would definitely come back in the future."This is my house and you are my guest." - Lorenzo
1	The most amazingly rude customer service. I was shopping around for a ring for my wife but was treated with such disrespect. We walk in nobody greets us, but we got a security guard get a message in that to be careful because we were minorities that we would steal something...we were so belittled and offended that we stormed out...most embarrassing experience ever
5	I'M WRITING THIS OUT OF GUILTI just made a purchase from Cartier Los Angeles (which branch is unimportant), and while the sales associate there was polite, the interaction was as perfunctory as with a bank teller wearing a practiced smile.  I couldn't help but compare her to a certain SA I met at this Cartier Vegas inside Crystals.  It was a while back, his name I forgot, but he wore glasses and sported a Cartier Love Bracelet...a bit flamboyant, but it would later make sense.Dressed in trash couture, my sweetie and I explained to him we were out-of-towners just passing through.  Clearly, zero commission to be made.  Still, he initiated a warm conversation and encouraged my sweetie to try on various pieces in their collection.  She happily obliged.  He spent a great amount of time passionately describing how the natural wear of metals adds character, the nuances of platinum and white gold, and the history behind various Cartier lines.  With no intent to buy, I felt bad my sweetie kept trying on jewelry, so I began to send him signals like staring at the exit and gasping aloud at the prices.  However, dude just would not stop, and I began to realized what I was witnessing was not a sales pitch, but a crazy f@ck -- a guy obsessed about fine jewelry and the Cartier legacy.  He proudly pulled back his jacket sleeve to show-off his own Love Bracelet, then went on to explain how the gold screws are meant for this iconic piece to be worn without ever being taken off -- symbolic of a promise.  He brought out a shiny Love Bracelet from the back and giddily placed it on my sweetie's wrist with his gloved hands. We didn't buy anything, but thanked him and left the store. I noticed my sweetie had this crazy glazed look.  I knew I was screwed...the new MV Agusta would have to wait.Fast forward to today, I'm glad I eventually bought what my sweetie wanted, but feel slightly guilty it wasn't through this particular guy during our subsequent trips to Vegas.  With all the time he spent with us, helping me accept that jewelry shopping -- like love -- is not a thing of logic, I at least owe him this 5 star review.  Hopefully, Cartier headquarters realizes Mr. Love Bracelet is worth more to their company than three completely sane SA's.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for the weekend and were visiting jewelers to get an idea of what types of wedding rings we like. We were walking around Vegas in our casual clothes and we both look fairly young. Most of the stores we visited were clearly judging us by appearence alone and were less then helpful. When we walked into Cartier, we were greeted promptly and Lorenzo took the time to try to figure out exactly what I was looking for. I never once felt like he was judging me. He allowed us to browse and when I asked him if we could look at a ring for my boyfriend, he rolled out the red carpet for us. He made sure that he provided him with sizes that fit and he thouroughly explained the history behind every piece. My boyfriend is not someone who gets excited about jewelry but when lorenzo explained the history behind the tank ring he decided that he wants that ring badly.I asked Lorenzo if I could have a princess moment and try on the most stunning ring that was half a million dollars. He said absolutley and took us into an office, offered us a beverage and explained all of the cuts and brilliance of that ring. We were so impressed by him. I told him about my previous experiences while in vegas and he explained to me that it is important to that team to treat customers like family and create the best expereince possible. He understood that you can never judge a book by it's cover especially in vegas. I felt his love for his job and it shines through. As of now, it looks like the tank ring will be the winner for him and I will absolutley drive 4 hours back to vegas or have lorenzo process my order over the phone even though I could easily just go to cartier in Beverly Hills. He was THAT impressive!
5	The best location ever!!The sales lady that helped me was super duper nice, I'm sorry I forgot your name! The selection of watches at this location beats any location I've been to in many cities. I walked in not planning to purchase anything because I had already purchased a few items from another cartier weeks before that. But, hellooooo diamond watch. How was I suppose to say no? Wrapped around my wrist looking fitted and all. My early 30th birthday present for myself. I'd have to say cartier has the best sales reps out of a lot of luxury chains. No more watches for me for a while.i digress.
5	This was the first Cartier location I visited and I ended up making a purchase during that visit. Ruben and I were initially checking out their line of LOVE rings since I had admired them on their website. We really liked the option for Ruben, however, I didn't like it on me. After trying several other rings, I had almost given up and was ready to move on to Van Cleef & Arpels or Tiffany. Our fabulous SA says she has a couple more options for me and I end up falling in love with the diamond infinity band, which I hadn't even considered previously! She located my size in their warehouse and one of the managers left the store to pick it up as we relaxed at the store. I put it on and it was just perfect! Our experience was amazing. The service was beyond spectacular and there's just nothing like shopping at Cartier. I absolutely loved the gift wrap with wax seal - what a neat process. I am absolutely coming back for future purchases and already have my eye on a couple items!
