5	Everytime I need to ship something I almost alwasy choose FedEx if it's a slightly larger object and I can ship it ground. I have been going to this specific location for many years and each time my visit is short. Short because I can get what I need done in a timely fashion. There are copiers, computer terminals, office supplies and an entire FedEx shipping area with knowledgable staff.
5	Thanks for all the hard work, especially like Nicole's attitude. Three people here are always working like there is 128 beats per minute electronica pumping through a dance floor here. The price difference between products here and at a nearby large general store is about 30% but there is free wifi, copiers, and computers to rent. And...of course...this is the FedEx connection!
5	I hate, hate, hate errands. With an ardent passion. So much so I delayed printing out and faxing documents for three months - ridiculous, I know.With my printer up in Seattle storage and a pending insurance dispute riding on a fax, I begrudgingly headed over to the nearest FedEx center. Upon arriving, the staff were so friendly and helpful. Pointing me into the right direction, showing me how to use the equipment, and swiftly ringing up my transaction, my three months' procrastination was done in fifteen minutes.I apparently liked it so much that I made my way back half an hour later after forgetting to fax another document. Two errands in one day? Clearly I am in love.
1	Yikes, what a terrible experience at this copy shop. The previous reviews on Yelp from 2011 and 2010 were great, so what happened in 2012?We went in to use the computer and printer (we were on vacation and needed to work on a spreadsheet for a deadline). Things were fine, though the users next to us were arguing with the temp manager about being overcharged. (I should have taken it as a warning sign.)An employee standing around told us to pay at the kiosk. We pay, get our receipt and everything is hunky dory. Then I notice the price on the kiosk for the services we used (PC use) was less than what they charged me. We waved over the guy and he seemed confused. We explain it a few times and then we all walk over to the machine. He says the price listed on the kiosk is for using just the Internet with your laptop. Oh, OK, we say, but we're confused. We go back to the kiosk and look again at the price sheet. Nope, it's clear they overcharged us. The price listed was for the PC use. My husband asks the interim manager about the price posted and she then starts peeling it off the kiosk! She said it's and old price sheet and closes the matter. My husband asked to see the sheet again, but she refuses, balls it up and throws it away. At this point, she could have just said, Sorry we left this on sir, our mistake. Unfortunately, I can't change the prices back, etc. But nope, she gets an attitude.My husband asks to see the manager, she says the manager is out. We ask for a phone number to call. She says that would be inappropriate and can't release the number. We say, we just want her office number, and surely she has one. Nope, she's out on leave for the next few months. So I ask for a regional manager. She gives us a card, finally apologizes after my husband demands an apology for the way she treated us. But she gives us one of those, I'm sorry that you're upset apologies. Ugh. Such terrible customer service. We eventually leave and call the corporate office to file a complaint. We hope they call back so we can recommend some ways to improve their customer service. Sheesh.
5	We heard back from corporate on the terrible treatment we received at this FedEx location in July 2012. I am happy to report he more than made up for it. The person we spoke with listened to us, apologized, refunded our entire bill and said he would speak with the employee. Wow. Thank you FedEx; you've won our business back.
3	This place is located near the outlet center and is easy to access. In the store they provide you with packing tape if you need it. Unlike some other places that require that you purchase it. The customer service members are nice unlike USPS workers.
5	Wow what a great experience with Nicole at this location. She went way beyond my expectations by helping me print some emergency signs for my company. Ups lost an extremely important package and the night before the ces trade show I came in and asked Nicole for some help. She worked for an hour and a half to get my products done and they came out great! Use this location for all your printing needs.
3	This place is conveniently located at the South Premium Outlet.  We came here to get some business cards printed up.  It seemed like they were too busy to help us as they were taking care of everyone else and made us wait even though we were there first.  We had to ask to see samples of card stock and for a break down of pricing.  A good tip is if you want to save some money, you can cut your own cards and save around $19.  They did print out samples so we could compare which was a redeeming quality and is why I am giving 3 stars instead of 2.
4	The fedex was fast and efficient.  I would go back here to mail a package.
5	This location is very central and has the most helpful staff!! The manager in particular has always been quick, efficient, and creative with packaging and shipping all sorts of items! I've been to a few other locations in the Vegas Valley and although this store is fairly small and short on space, it is organized and well-run with great staff who always smile and go the extra mile. I ship a lot of things FedEx and this is my go-to location in town.
2	They just hired a couple REAL dumb females there.  They had attitude with certain customers, ahem, attractive women, flirted waaaay too much with the men and just didn't seem like they fit in with the rest of the professional staff.
