5	Anyone who knows me is aware of the fact that I am a nerd!! I love the arts and every aspect of entertainment that comes along with it. I found this library a couple weeks ago while searching for a new place to study other than my rather Starbucks. This seriously is the best public library in the Las Vegas area!! Book selection is great...nice and clean space!! The very helpful and courteous librarian staff hooked me on the great book readings and concerts they have throughout the week in their theater. I checked it out and my god this theater is great. The biggest theater I have ever seen in a public library!! Great events that are free and intellectually stimulating!!
2	I was disappointed by the small cramped rooms of this library's floorplan, which is more labyrinth than welcoming civic space. The poor layout and arcane catalogue system make it tough to find the sections of books you're looking for.  For a city the size of Vegas, I just expected and hoped for more in a main library.  This claustrophobic pink warehouse does not belong in the same league as any major east coast or California library.  Borders or Barnes and Noble are cleaner and make it easier to find the books you're interested in, while giving you the opportunity to have a coffee and read and not be asked for spare change.
2	This is one of the older libraries in town so its small disorganized and lacking any landscaping. Its right near the college and by the 99 cent store. They have lots of events and movies held here but it is really small.
5	Something happens to us right after we finish college; we never want to go to the library again. We start out our lives at some company and totally forget about how resourceful and useful the library was.I would like to reintroduce you to you local Las Vegas Library. Here you can find books, DVDs (new and old), CDs, tapes (cassette - I know huh), and the Internet.The CCL has a lot of special events for adults and children. There are areas for studying, a kids section, gallery, and performing arts center.CCL uses RFID tags to track check-outs and returns. It's pretty cool.
2	I was on this side of town for an early evening meeting and had a few hours to kill.  I didn't want to drive home and burn the gas and waste time, so I came to this library to get some work done.I enjoy going to the public libraries near my home and had been to this library before, but that was years ago.I was disappointed to discover that this library is nothing like the libraries in my neighborhood.  The furniture is old and they don't have any seats with cushions!  All of the seating was hard wood chairs on community tables where you have to share your space with up to 4 people.  Other libraries that I visit often have individual, padded chairs with more privacy.....this was Strike 1.I settled onto a table with one other person who seemed to be minding his own business and quietly reading....perfect.About 30 minutes later a couple of teenagers sat at the table next to me and began talking a bit loudly......several people including myself gave them a dirty look.  They didn't care.  Then one of them got a call on his cell phone......the phone wasn't on vibrate and was ringing loudly.  Perfect, now the librarian will come over and throw them out......there is a "No Cell Phone Use" policy in the library and I've seen people get evicted for using their phone at the libraries in my neighborhood.....not at this one!  He continued to talk for several minutes.....meanwhile I watched several library employees nearby do nothing.....Strike 2.Now I'm a little pissed.....a few minutes later, he gets another call!  Still no action from the employees.....Strike 3.  By this point, I was too mad to concentrate.....I left immediately and went to a bar/lounge that I knew would be more peaceful than that.Will I return?  Not unless I'm forced to.
4	If I ever need to go to a library, I go to this one, since it's the closest to my house. You can check out books, DVD's & CD's (keep in mind there is a waiting list for popular titles). I haven't had any real trouble here except there was a snag with the late fees- I don't know how it happened but the books I returned didn't register in the system and I incurred late fees; but I got it all sorted out and my account was wiped clean. Lot of people come here to study so please be quiet. I've always liked going to the library, since I was in junior high school. It's literally a wealth of information. There are computers, tables, and chairs in the main section of the library. The books are relatively easy to find, since the subjects are in front of each aisle of books. The convenient drop-boxes are outside, if you want to avoid the long line; also there is a donation drop-box for your unwanted books or magazines. When it's busy, it will be difficult to find a parking space. The self-service checkout comes in handy, when you want to check out new books. The staff is usually nice, but every once in a while, you will get someone in a bad mood. The lobby is usually displaying local art work (different mediums) for a specific amount of time- I like seeing those displays; it's nice to see fresh talent. There is a "discarded books" section in the lower level (use the elevator) of the library where you can books for super cheap, if you don't mind the library stickers (this is where some of your donations end up). There is also a theater section for special events (the calendar, along with other free publications as well as a bulletin board, is located in the lobby, when you walk through the doors).
3	Since having a baby I don't get to the library much anymore but this weekend I was here for the comic fair. This used to be the library I went to back in the day. It's the main one for Clark County. It's ok..but a bit cramped. They do have a nice theater that they show free movies on. This weekend it was Star Wars..loved that!  They also have a great little bookstore where you can score books for super cheap. If your in the area that's worth a look for sure!
4	I've come here several times to see shows or lectures in the theatre section of the library.  The seating is comfortable and all seats have good views of the stage.I was here tonight for the Yelp cosponsored The Law vs the Mob series each Tuesday in January.  The lecture was excellent!
3	This place is certainly not my library of choice. For one thing, it's nowhere near my house. For another, it's just far from being the nicest library in town. However, there are definitely reasons to patronize this location.January has been declared mob month. Every Tuesday, the Clark County Library is hosting a different mob-related talk session. Last week, it was interesting and entertaining to listen to Denny Griffin, the author of The Battle for Las Vegas: The Law vs The Mob. I recently read this book for the Yelp Book Club, so it was a great session to attend. With him on stage was Andrew DiDonato, a former mob member, and Dennis Arnoldy, a former FBI agent who was involved in taking down Anthony Spilotro in the 70s. It was interesting seeing the contrast between DiDonato and Arnoldy.I've also been to this library for other events in the same amphitheater. So I guess as a library, it's pretty run-of-the-mill, but being the "Clark County Library," its status is elevated by the fantastic special events it hosts. I recommend checking their schedule. You might find something that interests you.
3	I like the theater here and the fact that they host free events.  I come here every year for the Reel Rock Tour. However, I've come here to read a few times and I just feel too uncomfortable to hang around.  There are a lot of people sleeping in the cubicles and it's just not the nicest library, especially compared to the ones in Summerlin.  But I definitely appreciate what this library offers the community in terms of free events and other resources. I hope it sticks around.
2	this isnt the library that i visit on a normal basis, but i decided to try it out because it's larger and it had a book that i couldnt find at my library. it is a large facility, but they didnt have as much books as i thought they would have. however, i did find plenty of books that peaked my interest. I unfortunately couldnt find my library card when the time came to check out, and the lady at the help desk was kind enough to offer to look it up for me. my second visit to this library didnt go as well. i had to get another card because mine was M.I.A. the man working the counter was extremely rude to the people he was helping, and when it was my turn, he ignored me completely. i asked him if i could get a replacement card and i stood there for 5 minutes without a word from him. then he looked at me and snapped "well what do you want?" i have a lot of patience, working in retail teaches you that. but what i couldnt understand was why this this man was being so rude. so i took my new card, which took 10 minutes to acquire, which is odd because it only took me all but 2 minutes the first time around. then i proceeded to give him a little taste of what he was feeding to me. lets just say i will NEVER return to that library again. also, it is located near a busy intersection and attracts a lot of bums. it really isnt that big of a deal, its a library, everyone should be allowed to access literature. all im saying is that they febreze would be nice.
4	Reviewing a library? Sure, why not...This library is the largest and most central library of the Clark County Library district. It's also close to UNLV and where I live. So it goes without saying that if I need the library services (which I do, often), this is where I go. But even though it's the biggest and most convenient, I think that I'd probably go here anyway.If you're a visitor to Las Vegas and in need to use the internet, there's plenty of space and bandwidth available. Even on the fullest of days, there's a stable connection that you can easily connect to using your laptop or smart phone. No need for a library card to use the wireless here. No bandwidth restrictions (throttling). And no barista or waitress breathing down your neck to buy something or get out.At this facility, they have a full size auditorium. Here, many jazz ensembles, book signings, and other local performances occur. It's in this auditorium  where you can also watch classic cinema films and a monthly "new" release for free. The new releases are usually movies that just went to DVD. The state-of-the-art sound system give you the opportunity to watch these movies on the big screen one last time. And it doesn't cost you a cent. The only down part is that they do not allow food or drink in the auditorium. So sadly, you won't get the full cinema experience.The library system itself is very adequate. If you have a library card, you can search for DVD movies, music, and books to put on hold where they will deliver to the location of choice. This doesn't matter if it comes from Laughlin or Moapa (both in the library district). If it's in stock and there's no other holds on the item, it'll be there in about two days. If it is not in stock or there are others who have it on hold, you will be put on the list. The DVD and music catalog is usually kept up to date with new releases acquired frequently. With an ample 7 DVD, 20 CD, and 50 overall item limit to checkout this leaves alot of opportunity to check out just about anything you want. High demand or new DVDs are loaned out on a weekly basis with no consecutive renewals. Everything else is a three week loan period. Overdue fees are $.25 per day late My $.02 Cents:5 Stars - Great facility, great selection of books, DVDs, and CDs, free internet, theater.Minus 1 Star -  No food in theater, limit 20 items on holds.
4	Besides from Lied Library at UNLV, this is my next stop as far as book hunting and study time to myself. It's only 5 minutes down the road from UNLV (you could honestly walk there if you wanted to save on gas; walk estimate would probably be about 15-20 minutes). I believe they must have revamped the facility, since it's very modern, organized, and clean. Their WIFI service here has an advantage, since you don't need a card to be able to access it (unlike UNLV for example) and the WIFI service is fairly quick. I actually recommend the WIFI here instead of the one at UNLV for students because there's no hassle of logging onto an account if you don't have one or you can't access the libraries/computer labs at UNLV if there's downtime or they're closed. Even at the busiest times I've came here, there was still room to find a place to sit down and study quietly. The best thing about this location is obviously the auditorium where (for free!) you can watch documentaries, performances, or participate in events. I wish the other locations would have something similar (as far as I'm aware of), since it's very much a great program to get involved into activities and awareness that you didn't think was in Las Vegas.Out of all the libraries in Las Vegas, this one is my absolute favorite, and would highly recommend this location for UNLV students (and really any students) in the area!
4	The close proximity to the university and a few friends working here were the main reason why I came to this library. Never my first choice for libraries, I continued to come here for the programs. The events that are put together are great. The Edible Vegas series were informative and I enjoyed seeing the perspectives of each individual speaker. The care that is put into each event is meticulous and it shows. I appreciate the efforts in putting together activities and lectures for the general public.
4	The theater was awesome! Very impressive for a library. We came to see the Reel Rock Tour which was free and sponsored by the library and well organized. The theater and program gets 5 stars, the rest of the library 4.
5	All the reading devices that are coming out and killing the mere idea of books can EAT IT! There Is nothing like the smell of old pages..ahhh :) Anywho this Library Is great because they always have different community  events and self advancement classes available for the public most of which are for FREE!!! It Is 2 stories of wonderous discoveries and a close walk from UNLV. I came here once for a poetry reading and It was quite entertaining.
3	This library is okay.  Close to work and has the book that I wanted to read where Henderson Public Library do not have.  I guess I am so impress by Paseo Verde Library that this place seems to be sub-par.  When I walked into Paseo Verde Library, I smell the nice coffee aroma.  Here at Clark County, I smell a bad stinky smell that I rather not write about.  On top of that, the lady that I had to go see to sign up for a library card isn't that friendly.Hmmm, it's okay, but I will only come back if the lovely Paseo Verde Library doesn't have the book I want.
4	CCLD is my jam! I love their online request system, and use the hell out of it.  I can almost always find the books I want too.  This location is super convenient for me, and has ample parking.But most impressive is all of the events they host (FOR FREE) every month.  I wish I had time to take advantage of more of them.  I did get to see David Sedaris there a couple years ago; also attended the BANFF film festival.  Nice auditorium!$0.25 daily fines.  I guess that's pretty standard? Open daily.  Lots of special events for kids, especially in the summer!
4	For maybe two years, I was a regular here for their Tuesday evening movies ( free ). This program has since been cancelled, so I only rarely go to this branch since I live some distance from the neighborhood. But, since I have been there sooo many times, and spent sooo much time there, I may know what I am talking about.It's an old building that has been through a major renovation some years ago. It has less book capacity than before, but ample space for two theaters for special events (such as free movies), a used bookstore with a decent selection ( I love used books), and areas filled with other offerings of handy services of which I have yet to discover. The staff always seems friendly considering the bustling traffic this library is burdened (or blessed?) with. Finding seating space on the main floor can be a challenge at times, but the lower level sometimes provides an option. The displays of art have been enhanced, and I love the benefit of the primped-up ambiance this enhancement provides to us patrons. Bravo!
4	I don't frequent this library, since it's on the opposite side of town from me, but if I'm in the area, I always like to check it out. On this occasion, I was renewing my library card and had some questions about their ebooks and the checkout process. The clerk didn't know a lot of details about the process, but told me everything she did know and told me to follow up with the Librarian at the other kiosk if I had any further questions. Service was fast and efficient. The library is huge on top of that. I used to get lost while roaming the aisles when I first started coming here. Great little library on the East side of town.
2	First, the good: Clark County Libraries are up with the times as far as technology and quick check-out (mainly because the technology allows you to do it yourself, because the help desk is a nightmare, but that's another topic). They have a lot of variety and an online search, account maintenance, and renewal service that is very convenient.Now, the rest. What are libraries mostly known for? That's right - SHHHHHH!! I came to work on a project, figuring that the library would be quiet and cool. Heading straight to the back, past all the signs that ask for quiet and insist that no food or liquids are allowed on the premises, I landed in the  near-empty study area. Nice and quiet. Ha. A security guard passed by me and then met up with one of his buddies. They proceeded to have a long,  LOUD conversation - "HEY BUDDY HOW YA DOIN??!!'" - and yammered on and on and on. Meanwhile, someone's totally unsupervised toddler ran screaming back and forth behind me. This was not the kid's section - nowhere near it. With the guard otherwise engaged who do I complain to? I finally gave up, packed my stuff, and went in search of another area.Downstairs - where the wifi doesn't work at all and the smelly weirdos hang out by the magazine racks - was not much better. One annoying guy refused to turn off his rap-song ring tone, which went off every 3 minutes. The guard for that area flatly ignored him, too. Wonder what those guards are getting paid for?Ended up at a Starbucks, where, even with the latte machine blasting away and people coming and going, it was still quieter and the wifi worked better.
2	This review pertains to the main Clark County Library Branch (on East Flamingo Road). It does not touch on the theater, events, or library district.    This Main Library Branch falls short of my expectations for a respectable main library branch. And secondary library branch for that matter.    These days the Main Library Branch appears more like a mental hospital annex than a library. Inside and outside the library, homeless people loiter to the point that some are using it as a Motel 6. The drug and alcohol epidemic is the constant exhibit. The restrooms are repulsive. The incapable security guards are totally dysfunctional. For example, earlier, a mentally ill man was raging at a librarian for waking him up. I am appalled at how slow the security guard handled the disturbance. Ineffective security also creates an intimidating environment to walk outside the building. Libraries, especially the main branch are supposed to be symbols of civic pride; this one is a symbol of the effects of drug use and alcoholism.  Comparable to some of  the Clark County Library branches, the Main Branch instock is the very image of a Border's "Going Out of Business Sale". On account of a new Clark County Library policy, patrons are allowed endless renewals. The consequence is that some of the library patrons bookshelf collection is growing while the library' s collection is becoming bare.  Comparable to all the Clark County Library branches, the hours of operation are absurd, yet better than the Henderson Library District. It is unacceptable to close at 7 P.M. weekdays and 5 P.M. on weekends. Especially when a large percentage of patrons leave work after 4 P.M.  In my most honest opinion, the Main Branch fails to inspire people to develop a reading habit. It will most likely inspire people not to abuse drugs or alcohol.
4	I needed a place to do some work on a Saturday morning, and I wanted to get away from The Strip. Started my search on my Yelp App and found a library! Yes! Quick cab ride later, and I was in my heavenly spot. Worked my way through a brightly lit and clean library, all the way in the back of the library, where, it's quieter than the front end. It looks like they were having a book signing, so the front end was a bit noisy. But no matter, I found the quiet study tables in the back and unpacked my traveling office. It was a nice place to work for a few hours, catching up on emails, writing reports, coordinating projects. One thing about this place is that the AC is working, really working. I should've worn a long-sleeved shirt. The internet is very fast, 71Mbps down, 16Mbps up.One thing I wish I could've had is more private study rooms instead, where I could have at least a cup of coffee and a small snack. That would've been perfect for me.
3	I love the Clark County Library system as a whole, but after having this be my home library for a year and the Windmill location for another year and coming back here I could see a major difference.The good thing is I this is a really convenient location and they offer the same services as every other branch.  However this is a place to find a lot of homeless and weird people hanging around.  The media items are protected by a security guard and anytime I go there I just see a bunch of people not even looking at what movie they are grabbing and getting a stack of 30.I have browsed the micro-phish area before and the staff is always helpful.  I'm just never sure if I'm going to have a normal or strange experience interacting with people when I come here.
3	Came here to see what selections they had while I was waiting for my wifey to find some shoes at the Skechers outlet store next door.First off, this place is bigger than it looks from the outside. As if the main floor wasn't already spacious enough with all the info you need for whatever project you need to finish, I come to find out there is basement!So I check it out with hopes of it being like the one in the movie Ghostbusters where I just might run into an apparition. Instead, more books and literature. If anything, I thought I detected a slight scent of urine. That's right, I said urine. I assume homeless folk have made their way in here one way or another just looking for shelter. I wouldn't blame them cuz during the summer it can get pretty intense with triple digit temps. Plus there was an actual homeless person outside on the steps holding the traditional homeless sign. So after about an hour an a half, my wife calls me saying she's done with her shoe shopping. Darn, just as I was getting into the Guinness Book of World Records. I almost had a thought of checking the book out. Then I realized, why would I ever go here for any reason besides waiting for my wife to get done shopping? Oh well, at least it helped passed the time.
4	Who doesn't like a library??? This one is everything a library should be - lots of computers, big childrens section, large reference area, plenty of homeless people, central location, a few random community events going on in the "theather" area. They also hold a story time every day for little kids, which I really like. On the minus side, the upper floors aren't very well organized, and compared to children's libraries I've been to in LA, NY, and Phoenix, it's kinda run down. Overall, a great place to borrow books or just to take the kids to hang out for an hour.
3	Well let me start, this place has a pretty big collection, service is mediocre depends who you speak too, it has a theatre area, kids area, newpaper/magazine level. Other than that it isn't Paseo Verde Library in Green Valley Henderson Nevada.  Whom ever reads this review, check out Paseo Verde Library.
4	**review is for the Theater only**I came out here to see a show on Saturday night as part of the Las Vegas Bellydance Intensive. The theater is comfortable, and has a huge stage, with good quality lighting and sound.I've seen shows here before, and have really enjoyed every single one.I would love to perform here sometime!!!
4	This library definitely has the charming vintage feel to it.  But it is fairly large with a good diverse collection of books and periodicals for library patrons to read on premise or check out. Besides the expected books & videos checkout service that we have all come to expect of public libraries, there are also meeting and theater space on premise that hosts events throughout the year.The theater is pretty big, about the size of a decent size lecture room with theater style seating. Besides the Used Book Store (my favorite), the theater is the main reason for me to visit here when hosting special events like lecture series, entertaining programming, and informative discussion panels.There are also computers with Internet access available on both a first come first serve basis and those that can be reserved in advance with your library card.  A very nice service for those without access to the computer or Internet at home.The collection of foreign language magazines is also very respectable.  I especially enjoy browsing the Japanese magazines with the glossy food pictures with recipes that I sadly can not read.  But sometimes it is fun and inspiring just to see the pictures.  But there are also additional English language-based publications from the UK and Australia in this collection (located on the basement level, same floor as the theater).Although this library is not located in my neighborhood, I always find time to visit here at least once a month.  There are just a lot of neat reading materials that are not found in some of the other Clark County Library System branches.  If you have never been to this library, I highly recommend paying a visit to this library to see what the other newer libraries may not have.4 stars!
3	This certainly is NOT most fashionable library I've patronized, but what it lacks in exterior beauty it makes up for with a decent selection  of reading materials. And let's not forget you can also check out DVDs as well.  Unfortunately, the library  has it's share of character's who use it as their personal club house.But I've been able to find some good reads and that's what makes me a happy camper.
3	I came to this location with 120 kindergarteners for a field trip. We went directly to the second floor which is all for the kiddos. It was clean and very well organized. Having the area divided up helps with the noise and general chaos of the children's section. I loved all the extra games, comfy chairs, posters, and smiles by all the staff. I did not get to visit any other part of the library but I am thankful for the loving and caring way our students were treated- for many, it was their first experience at a library. It was great to hear some say they couldn't wait to return.
