5	This is the best nail shop on the west side!  Their prices are very reasonable, the chairs are really good massage chairs, and every pedi comes with a hot stone massage! The girls are really good at nails...all of them!
5	Great job on my pedi!
1	This nail salon USED to be the best.  They have gone way down hill.  I never minded the overpriced services because they were nice and clean.  Their service is TERRRIBLE now.  I had an appointment for a mani pedi.  I came in and was ignored for about 4 mins then I was yelled at from one of the nail tables what I wanted. I explained I had an apt. They ushered me to a "massage" chair being filled with water.Water was cold. "massage" chair didn't work.  I attempted to get someone to help me. The manager sat on his phone the entire time (usally hes on his laptop).  Finally my girl came to do my toes and I explained that the chair didn't work and the water was cold.  SHe turns the water to the hottest setting and leaves again. By the time she comes back the water is scolding hot. WTH????Finally she got the manager to fix the chair by plugging it in. Honestly, I can't take their terrible service and high prices. Two thumbs down.
5	I'm a guy, so I don't do the mani-pedi thing too often unless I am on a daddy daughter date and my kid makes me do it.  So, I've done it 3 times.  The first 2 were terrible.  One lady bruised my shins from massaging the bone so hard.  Then I went to Estrella.  I walked out of there feeling like I was walking on air.  I don't know the girl's name who did mine, but I'm going to go in there again and find that same girl.  She was amazing!
5	This is by far my favorite nail salon in town. I have gone to many different nail salons and Estrella nails really blows all the others out of the water. They greet you the moment you walk in. Everyone is very sweet and professional. You really do pay for what you get here. The facility is super clean and the staff is always accommodating. I just had my first pedi here and it was exceptional! It's $24 for the basic pedicure and you get a lengthy massage as well as a free hot stone add on! You really can't beat that. I will continue to come here for both manicures and pedicures!!
5	I love this place! I get the gel manicure here and have never been disappointed. They offer a wide variety of colors. Ive been with a few different girls and they all do an amazing job. You never leave disappointed!
5	This place rocks!  Walked in and was greeted immediately and offered a cold bottle of water. They were super busy so I thought I would be waiting a while but they had a full staff and had me seated for a pedicure before I could even choose a polish color.  I got the deluxe spa pedi (a little pricy, but I wanted the full package with this being my 1st Spring sandal showing). Best $40 full treatment I have ever had--was literally in the chair being pampered for a relaxing hour! I let my attendant pick the "purple" of her choice and although she picked a much lighter shade than I would have, I have received TONS of compliments on it.  Thanks Estrella Lake Pleasant-keep up the great customer service!!
5	I keep trying to find another decent place in my area because this one is always busy, but no others compare. Same prices as any other place, but 10x the service. Everyone I've been to is super friendly, and they actually take time to make sure they do a good job & make you feel like you got your money's worth. Got here at 8:40 this morning (they open at 9) and they were already letting people in, getting them started right away instead of making us wait. Realized today I won't bother trying to find a bargain or shorter wait elsewhere anymore-this place is awesome!
5	love this place, get my nails done by Mike, he always does a beautiful job. I get alot of complements on them. I also treat myself to pedicures, all the girls are so friendly, and suggests fun colors for my toes. great place to go!
4	1st I have never seen so many men at the same time, sitting patiently getting a pedicure.  I walked in and thought I stepped into a Man's Spa!  LOL  Hey, I'm not judging.  I personally think it's cool when men have clean and nicely trimmed toes!  2nd If you want to be pampered and really taken care of, this is the place.  However, if you have a limited time (which I did), be sure you tell them right off.I wanted a pedicure (Deluxe) and a simple manicure while my friend who was getting married that day was next door getting her hair and make-up done.  It took them over an hour to do the deluxe pedicure and had not even started on the manicure.  I'm assuming you need to tell them to do it at the same time as well. However, everyone was friendly.  The pedicure I got still remains chip free and color brite on my toes.  So props for that!  I'd come back here when I'm in the Phoenix area.The price for a deluxe pedicure and simple manicure was $52 before tip.  I think the price is dear, but again the pedicure has lasted a week so far.
4	My regular nail spot.  Great for kids too but get a polish change for them only if your trying to save $.
4	Very pretty and classy place! Very friendly staff but kinda pricy. It was worth it because on just a standard pedi you get a hot stone leg and foot massage!
1	I was excited to go here as there were such great reviews. Unfortunately my experience was not do great. The polish job was do very sloppy. I asked the nail tech  to clean up my nails afterwards but it didn't help. She blamed the issue on the dark color I selected, but the fact is that I've done a better job myself at home with the same color.
5	Went in at 9:15 right after they opened and couldn't believe how packed it was! I was sent here by a friend who loves this place and I see why.  I've had a hard time finding someone who does my nails the way I like but today I finally found my nail whisperer! Lol! Even though it was busy he got me in right away. Brian looked at all of my Pinterest pictures and was patient when I changed the color a few times too! He did my nails just the way I like them, thin stiletto and long. The gel Polish came out beautifully and the price was just right. I will be coming back to this nail shop for all of my nail needs. Can't wait to get a pedicure!
4	My first time there. I enjoyed it. My
1	I can't understand why this place has almost 5 stars...I have given this place FIVE chances!! Five different days, different times just to see if I get any luck. No luck, this place is always packed! I know what you're saying, make an appointment right? I ALWAYS do and yet I have to wait at least 20 minutes. The staff there is extremely unprofessional. I'll just explain my last experience...I make an appointment 3 days prior because it was my day off. The appointment was for 4:00. They close at 7:00 I figured that was ample time for a mani/pedi combo. I walk in, it was not that packed so I had hope. I was told to sit and wait. I waited...and waited...10 minutes go by...then 15 minutes. I am finally shown to a table. OK  getting my mani first, the guy starts with my nails and immediately says, "I don't think I can finish your nails, I have an appointment" to which I replied, "Well I have an appointment too." he asked "then you must be late" I was appalled. "No...my appointment was at 4pm and you guys had me wait..." he didn't repsond so I brushed it off. My nails at this point weren't buffed, the gel polish was scrapped off of my nails, very harshly if I might add. After 10 minutes of that. I was told to sit at a pedicure chair...OK? A very nice young lady helped me with my toes. She was telling me how all of the staff were going to a party afterwork blah blah blah. She was nice and did my toes nicely. I asked her if she was going to do my manicure and she looked at me like she saw a ghost, "Oh no! I can't do that I'm so sorry." Again...OK. So then this very rude women comes by and starts filing my nails. There was no warning when she came by so she startled me and I jumped. I laughed it off but in the most serious tone she says, "What? you don't want me to do your nail??" like almost yelling. I stayed quiet So my pedicure was done (french on toes) it looked great! My nails however, weren't even buffed and they looked horrible. The rude lady left and I didn't know where she went to I was waiting while my toes were drying. After 40 minutes, she walks up to me and says, "You like my nails? I'm going to a party, see ya!" Seriously?!? Aww hell no. I got up left 40 in cash at the front and get the hell outta dodge. They lost my business and hopefully this review will save another person from a horrible experience.
5	Ivy is the best!  I'm Really picky and rarely offer recommendations.  She's done the best gel manicure I've ever had!!
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would I'm so irritated! In all honesty I've been going here for 3 years and it just keeps going downhill but today topped it off I was rushed in because they were so busy did not get a chance to choose my color. Instead of sitting and relaxing getting a pedicure and then my nails done they did both the same time the entire process took less than 20 minutes and I paid $70. Both the ladies were clearly making fun of me talking in a different language because they could not find my color which I knew the brand and number as labeled but they would not let me get up to pick it out. They would not let me leave and they would not fix the color just kept saying this will be fine. They did a terrible job on my gel manicure there's bumps in it and it doesn't go all the way to the end of the nail plus my toes are only one coat and you can see through... it looks like a five year old painted my fingernails. Do not go! Do not waste your money! I I spent plenty of time and money and one experience.... I am so mad I will never be back! Do not go estrella nails off of Lake pleasant parkway! Also, they should be more careful and not insult people in verbally in a different language... Appearances can be deceiving and translation apps are such a great tool.
1	I just left my appointment without having all of my services completed!! I have been going to Joey for years and am shocked by what I just encountered. I had picked out a certain color and disliked it and she yells, "I don't have time for this!" and says "well what color do you want?" rudely!!Are you serious!!?? There was nobody waiting plus I had an appointment that you kept me waiting 20 minutes for.I have had it...There are plenty of places that will take my business.So, I called Tyler, the owner, who has NO clue what is going on there. Nothing!! He says all he does is take the appointments, etc. I tried to explain the situation to him and got nowhere so I just hung up. I have given this place so many chances but it's not worth it. Good luck getting in on time when you make an appointment. That means nothing to them.
