5	I've been coming to this place since it was called Maid Rite. We used to root for its success, because it is such a unique place. It is a little pricey, but the sweet man who owns this restaurant, and the great loose meat burgers make up for it!!!! The huge collection of 50's memorabilia is really cool to be exposed to, not to mention you can rock out to classics like the Monster Mash on his free jukebox! I always get a cheese tasty, onion straws, and a root beer float. For those who want to try something new, or old-timers looking to relive the good old days, try a true phosphate while sitting at the bar. You'll definitely be back, if not only for the charm of this friendly establishment!
4	Classic 50's Diner. Very small & simple menu. Friendly staff and traditional 50's decor. Food is very good. The flavored Coke was delicious. The free jukebox was a nice treat too :). It played real 45's!
2	I'm surprised to read that others thought the staff was friendly. In fact, the rudeness of the owner is the only reason I felt compelled to write this review. The food is good, if you can wait...sometimes 20 minutes before your order is even taken. I'm pretty sure the owner is the only person that works there, as he is the only one I see when I stop there (I practically work right across the street, so it's convenient). Since he is the only one who works there, he takes and order then goes and prepares it himself. This obviously takes FOREVER. And it would be fine if it was a small place, but there's got to be a dozen or more full size booths there plus some tables. Today when I was there during a slight rush of 3 or 4 groups of people trying to buy food, he became visibly flustered and I heard him say things to shaking his head at waiting customers saying things like "when you decide what you want, let me know...I can't just stand here and wait," "Hold on, I can't help you right now" - and he's not saying these with a smile on his face to lighten the mood. He's just plain mean to his customers. When he brought me my food after about 30 minutes of waiting, he put the food down and then walked to the door and stuck his head outside to yell at someone for parking in front of his place and going to Saigon Noodles next door. Granted, he still had people waiting after me for food yet he felt it was necessary to yell at someone for not respecting his parking spaces. When clearly, he can barely handle the customers that where already there. He needs to HIRE SOMEONE, and I pity the person that has to work with him...
4	I had heard there was a Maid-Rite somewhere around Madison, enter Nifty 50s Sandwich Shop.  A total blast from my past!  The sandwiches were just like I remembered eating at Maid-Rite with my grandparents when I was a child.  (The staff kind of reminded me of my grandparents too.) :) The malts and shakes and fountain sodas were just like old school pharmacy style.  To make the experience all that much better, the juke box is free!!!  Overall this place has my vote.  A note-do not go here if you are in a major rush as I think the husband and wife team run the whole place on their own so service is not super-fast, but it's well worth the wait.
4	This used to be a Maid-Rite - but they broke away from the chain. This is a super cool 50's style restaurant with a FREE jukebox and a bunch of cool decorations and 50's candy. \The burgers are extremely flavorful for fast food, and are like sloppy joes without the sloppy.Another cool aspect: their flavored sodas or phosphate sodas. I particularly love getting a chocolate coke.Small restaurant, only 3 people working at a time, tops - usually it is just the owner, so if there is an unexpected rush, you may have to wait.This is a typical small, locally owned restaurant. If you make an effort, so will the employees. I have made a great relationship with the owner over the years, so he treats me like royalty. It seems like they make most of their revenue on loyal customers, so if you are going to be a prima donna, don't expect to have your ass kissed. Most important: the food is reliable - you get the same quality, same taste every time!
