4	I love living here. The first thing you'll notice right from the start is that they have the friendliest and most helpful staff around!  They welcomed me with gifts when I first opened the door to my new residence with things like water, and stuff to cook my first meal!  Very thoughtful. The apts are all very spacious with extra large roman bathtubs in the master bedrooms.  The only thing that is a deal breaker for me is that the rent for existing residents has gone us so much this year that I have to move out.  :/
1	Don't ever more to this place!!!! They have major bug problems! Spider infestation!!! And right by the airport and right by a train so u can always hear both! Also right next to sunset park so there's always a lot of homeless!!!! My apartment got robbed!!! There was like 10 other robberies and they never got security! U think they would! It will be a huge mistake moving to that sht hole.
1	DO NOT RENT HERE!!!While the grounds are well kept, maintenance is great, and the units themselves are nice, the management is an absolute nightmare! These people will bend over backwards to get you to sign, but the moment you get your keys all bets are off. They are not 100% honest or upfront with you when you ask them questions. You'll find random fees posted in your mailbox. The $300+ deposit you pay for your pet goes straight to their pocket - it does not go toward cleaning or anything like that upon moving out. The water/gas/sewage bill is a dynamic monthly cost that is averaged out for your entire building, so you aren't paying just for what you use, you pay for others usage, because apparently that's the most fair. When we signed over a year ago we were told that our monthly rate for rent was 'locked in' and wouldn't increase if/when we decided to resign. BIG FAT LIE! Our rent, were we to resign, would have been $100/month more plus cable, because they made that mandatory, plus sewage/water/gas, and the random little bills they toss at you. This place is SO not worth the money or the headache! We were on the side closest to Warm Springs and you could still hear the train crossing the tracks from the other side of the complex. They have a gate near the mail room  for easy access to the shopping plaza, but there is no lock on it. During the year we were there, I can think of at least 12 robberies off of the top of my head that occurred there. There were black widows in our storage unit when we moved in that we were told to take care of ourselves. Please save yourselves the trouble and just rent elsewhere. Their condescending bitchiness is not worth the Roman tub or the nice appliances. Just... Just don't do it.
5	I feel very lucky to have found Camden Tiara as my residence in Las Vegas. The staff are so friendly and remember your name. The grounds are always clean and your work orders for apartment repairs are very timely. The two bedroom units are spacious and after comparing the prices to the other Camden Properties, their rates are a bit lower. Even though you are close to the airport, the sounds are not bad at all. One of the things I have been very grateful for and wanted to give a special shout out to is to Miss Blair, who is an amazing leasing agent. I have a cat who is terrified of being boarded and if I have to travel, it can be an upsetting experience for me and Miss Peaches. Blair will stop by my apartment to check on Peaches and give her can food so that my cat can stay in her comfy home and I can travel with a sound mind. Not very many apartment complexes would go the extra mile for their residents like that. Thank you Camden Tiara for making me feel like I have a home.
5	Very friendly, and helpful staff. Maintenance is always prompt. The complex is serenity it self. Love it here.
5	These apartments are beautiful and well-maintained. Of all the apartment complexes I've lived in or toured in Southeast Vegas, these are by far my favorite. I also think the grounds are beautiful because there is so much greenery here! Lots of trees and grassy areas. The office staff is amazing. I had an issue with my apartment when I first moved in and everyone in the office was extremely attentive in helping me resolve my issue. The only thing I don't like about the apartment is that cable is included in the rent cost which for me is annoying because I don't watch TV, but that might work for other people. Also, as far as monthly bills, nothing is included in rent so you will have a separate water/sewage/trash bill, electric bill, and gas bill. The maintenance people are awesome too. I needed help with a few things here and there and the issues were resolved within 24 hours. The complex is very quiet too. I have not come across a single noisy or obtrusive neighbor yet! Also, I don't own pets, but I appreciate that they allow big dogs here. Also very cool about Camden Tiara is that we recycle! :)))
