4	It's a chain but they have amazing service and delicious food.  The portions seem to vary depending on how busy they are, but they're never tiny.  Go with an appetite and a friend (or many) so you can share dishes!
3	Ahh, the ubiquitous PF Chang's...The food is good - as American Chinese goes. But don't confuse it with real Chinese food. The ambience is a step above a traditional Chinese place. And the service is very good.The wok seared lamb is excellent, if a little salty.
5	I had the opportunity to eat lunch at P.F. Changs Chinese Bistro yesterday (4/28).  I have been going there for several years and I liked it then, but the changes they have made are just great.  The employees there have always been nice, but it seems they really go out of their way to make you even more comfortable now.  When my waiter came to the table to take my order, he asked me if I wanted egg-drop soup or another kind.  I was so surprised because they have never offered soup as part of your meal beforehand and there was no extra charge for it.  They have also changed the way you get your entre.  They used to bring a bowl of white or brown rice for everyone to share and then your entre would be on another plate.  Now, at least for lunch, they call it a lunch bowl and everything is put on one plate.   You are not having to put each item on another plate yourself, like you used to.  Their food is delicious and I almost always get the Crispy Honey Chicken, which I love.  They have a large menu with many different dishes.  I highly suggest if you are looking for a fabulous Chinese Bistro, that you try P.F. Chang's.
4	We went here for a date night a few weeks back.  One of the reasons we ended up here was because I stumbled across a promotion where everyone in America got a free order of chicken lettuce wraps.  That's all you had to say to get me there...thank you Briny Baird!It was a Friday night and arrived around 5:30p.  Pleasantly surprised that there was no wait and we got seated right away.  Our waitress did not come around for awhile.  It turned out that she was the same waitress that was at the table next to us just chatting away for a bit.  Luckily, she was just as friendly with us and we were treated just as well.  Our order was for the lettuce wraps and the sesame chicken, which we had never had before.  As per usual, the lettuce wraps were quite delicious and we cleaned the plate.  The sesame chicken came shortly after we finished, and I really like it.  Good flavor, nice tasting chicken, no complaints at all.  A big bonus was that it was not deep fried, but pan fried chicken.  My iced tea never reached bottom as well, so they did a good job with that too.Four stars for the good service and good grub.  I'm sure I'll be back to Changs (or Pei Wei).  (Sure it's a chain, but it's a homegrown one, so how could you turn your back on them?).
5	Best Chinese food around. Grom traditional to thai it is by far the best taste there is. I always start with the lettace wraps. The dtringbeans are wonderful. No matter what dish you order, you will love it
5	I'm a little biased because I used to work here a while back. But think of it as an insiders report I suppose. The chefs in back are amazing and they all work extremely hard. They are really great with working with allergies and making sure your food is up to par. I don't know about you but I don't know to may places that offer good gluten free, vegetarian, and meat eater options. The servers are awesome...I met some really great people during my time there. There's a lot more oomph service wise here than other places I've worked. Extensive training on menu items, cocktails, and wines. Just the meal as a whole. Foods good too...and working there i had a lot of experience to kno...a little too much. salt and pepper calamari, chicken noodle soup, spicy eggplant, and chang's spicy chicken were my favs. Ashley( cute momma with short black hair usually with a flower or bow) and Jamie(cute little blond girl) are two of the sweetest girls I know...oooo almost forgot save room for dessert banana spring rolls are ammaaazzing.
2	PF Chang's is usually a great place to go with quality friends and enjoy as delicious meal. The location, as stated by Penny Lane, has the worst service. We ate in the bar, and while waiting 30 minutes for our entrees, we witnessed a BF by the bar tender and four tables come and go around us. Our food was cold and the sauces were congealed. \
2	I love changs but Sean at the bar was too pushy and ruined the experience.We walked in at 9:45 and the first thing he says is "hey kitchen closes in 10 minutes". I said that's odd cause the doors are open until 10.He didn't make our sauce.  He didn't offer an orange for our Blue Moons.   He just wanted to go home.  Work lunch shifts buddy.
4	It was pretty busy but there was no wait for patio seating and the service was awesome! Try the ma po tofu it's da bomb!!!
3	Changs has a good menu but this location still needs to work on their service.  Each time I have been unimpressed by the consistency of service.  Also, when refilling water, please do not slosh it everywhere.  I know you are in a hurry, but points for style are awarded for not slopping water on the table, floor, and customers...(aka my guests).  Gets pretty noisy so I recommend getting there before the dinner crowd for a conversational meal.
3	I went to P F Chang's for happy hour and ordered off the happy hour menu.  The crispy green beans (tempura green beans) were delicious and the dipping sauce was unique and a little addicting.  Then I tried the latest craze sweeping the nation according to the New York Times.  Asian Tacos.  I had the Korean Beef Tacos.  Two tacos per order.  Great tacos.  Very flavorful.  To drink I had the Jasmine Ice Tea which was refreshing.  I had a cocktail too, an Old Fashioned.  It was made really well.  I had to let the ice melt a little, very strong.  Every thing I ordered was off the happy hour menu.  The menu is a pretty good deal.   I will be back for those tacos.P.S.  Our waiter was awesome and cute ; )
4	Alright, first things first, don't even attempt to drop in on a weekend night because you will end up waiting 30-45 minutes for a table, just like every other restaurant in this little 83rd and Bell district.  Having said that, our friends had made reservations the Tuesday night and we only had to wait five minutesNow our server was quite strange, a large, bubbly, bald headed man.  However, still very nice and made sure everything was in order and even though it was packed, he checked on us very often.  I was quite impressed.  The ladies shared a bottle of wine, I had the Manhattan, and my friend had a Bud Light.  The food was delicious and great company always makes for a great meal regardless.For my girlfriend and I, having been our first time, we really enjoyed the atmosphere here, even though it was crowded the lighting makes it personal.  Great staff, and delicious food is always a big plus.I can't wait to come back here!P.S.  Order the Chicken (vegetarian option available) Lettuce Wraps to start, everything will flow from there!!
5	I love this place. I love the dishes and the flavors. Sure...its not China Town like in NYC (which is the best) but it is steady all the time and wonderful. Sure, you can go cheap and get their frozen dishes at Walmart...and they are good... but when you want some really good Chinese, thai food and best lettuce wraps this side of the great wall....go here.
4	The food was like any other PF Chang, but at this one... the service we received was amazing! Very clean and inviting.We were a bit confused with the Japanese decor.
4	This place is amazing!!  Please be sure to join the Warrior program to get 10% off on all meals.  The service is great and the food is delicious.  I go there often and have never had a bad experience.  The manager also comes around and checks on the service.
5	DAVE the bartender/server was amazing if you are lucky to have him serve or make drinks for you he is very funny  and helpful I did not know what to order and I asked him for help he asked what I was in the mood for he helped me choose the perfect dinner only downside is parking and their hot and sour soup but everything else was amazing
4	I've been to this Changs a bazillion times over the years. The food is always the same consistency but the service has been up and down over the years. I went yesterday with my group of girl friends for GNO and we had a blast. Our server, Memo (yes, that's his name) was excellent. He kept our drinks filled, handled all our quirky lady-crazy orders, and was friendly, upbeat, and helpful. The food is the same typical Changs food that you can get anywhere but the difference is the service. I hope that this Changs keeps up the good work because everyone needs a good go-to place. :)
1	Total rip off. Their food cost must be about 15%.. Large prices and small portions..
2	Dinner last night, Changs is always a good place as a fall back when you are outside your area. It has been almost a year since I have had dinner there, It was nice to see the additions to the menu but they should take the old items off. We ate at the bar and both of the bartenders were fantastic. The hostess seemed annoyed when we asked if we could eat at the bar.
1	The food tasted fine, but no veggies, cheap, cheap, cheap with the rice. No sauces with dishes to put on that bland rice. The dinner portions were smaller than a kids meal at pei Wei. We ordered the 4 course and both left hungry. I said something, and the waiter agreed it was a rip off, but nothing happened. I even left the promo behind for a free appetizer next time. I was fuming at the price and skimpy portions, so I called and talked ton a manger, who invalidated the complaint and did not seem to care. So, the ne star is for those cutting back portions but wanting to pay $20. a person for kids meals.
4	I went here for dinner with a friend last Monday night.  As usually, the food was great!  We were pleased to see their new prix-fixe for two menu and took advantage of the $40 price. With the dinner for two we got an appetizer, 2 entrees, soup, and dessert.  We had the lettuce wraps to start and my friend had egg drop soup and i had the hot and sour (the BEST!).  I had beef with broccoli and my friend had the honey chicken.  They were very very good!  To round out the dinners, we had the tiny desserts - mine tiramisu and hers lemon cake - which are just the right amount of dessert!
2	Why?  I am not sure why people over pay for mediocre American Chinese food?  After the $160 tab between 3 couples I was confused as to where I was eating?  Not gourmet food, just a step above Panda express with smaller portions and fancy decor?  Sorry not my first choice to go to dinner.  If you are reading this review find somewhere else to eat.  Yes service is great, but I came for the food....
2	Food was pretty good, obviously better than your normal Panda Express meal. Portions were nice and family-sized and the place was packed like always. Overpriced in my opinion just like Pei Wei which is why I don't go. I would much rather go to Abacus Inn and get more for my money. Why 2 stars? I went with a group of 12 for a birthday celebration. We told the waiter that we would like to pay separate. She told us that was not possible because of the 18% gratuity and there was no such option on the cash register. o.0 "Eh?"We all looked at each other for a minute in silence and told her that it's been done before and we would just split the 18% on all bills. For some reason, she comes back with our whole table's receipt, gives us one pen, and then tells us that we would need to divide it up ourselves and then leave the correct amount for her to pick up not forgetting to include the 18% per person plus tax. "Use the back empty side of the receipt for scratch paper," she said.This became a 30 minute ordeal as half of us scrambled to get our phone calculators out while the other half tried to get in touch with a manager who for some reason did not exist and it was the hostess who came to apologize and then just promptly left to go back to her position. What was supposed to be a birthday celebration became a sudden blast from Pre-Algebra past. Pure laziness or stupidity? Either way, a major Facepalm moment on their part.
3	I met up with a few of my friends for happy hour.  I have to say that I"m a little disappointed that they removed the street tacos from the happy hour menu.  I know it seems odd to expect tacos at a Chinese restaurant, but it's not like it's an authentic chinese restaurant.  So we had the lettuce wraps, which are always good.  Tried the dynamite shrimp and really enjoyed that.  I also had spare ribs, which were really good.  Now, the mojito I didn't like.  I was told it was going to be on the sweeter side...it wasn't, at all.Our server was attentive and courteous.
4	Excellent food and really good happy hour. These locations fills up quick on Friday and Saturday nights so make a reservation or go during the week. Good for takeout also. I like to order my take out, go early and have a drink at the bar waiting for my food. But that's just me.
3	Okay, so I finally went to P.F. Chang's and I'd have to say it was alright.  We went there for a work function so the bill was not something I had to worry about!  Which was uber nice because I tried a few things that I normally wouldn't buy myself. So here is a run down of what I had:Appetizer: Tuna Tataki Crisp $9.95 *****~ This was very good! I am a sushi fanatic, so I really enjoyed this dish. It was Ahi tuna rare on a crispy wonton-topped with ahi, cucumber, and scallions in a citrus sesame soy sauce. It was very fresh! I feel it could have used a tad more on the citrus sesame soy sauce but other than that, fabulous!Appetizer: Lettuce Wraps $7.95 *~  I can honestly say that these wraps were not what I expected.  With all the hype I thought these were gonna blow my taste buds to smithereens! They did no such thing.  They were "okay" at best.  Not a lot of flavor in the meat filling at all. Will not be getting these again.Dinner: Oolong Marinated Chilean Sea Bass $24.95 ****~  This FISH was amazing! It was served in a ginger soy type broth with spinach.  While the fish was extraordinary, I felt there was way too much broth and it just made my spinach way to soggy and a bit on the salty side.  It would have been a 5 star dish with less of the broth.Desert: Mudslide Cocktail $9.00 *****~ This deserved 5 stars! It was very yummy and it's alcohol! Win win! While I enjoy the food, I felt it to be a bit over priced.  The wait staff was super nice and you never had to "search" for anyone.  Would I go here again? If it were another work function, yes.  Otherwise, probably not.
5	I love this PF Changs. I've always liked the food, but the customer service is fantastic! I recently ordered  to-go order and they even mixed up some of their special sauce. they were very courteous and placed the bag in my car for me. I've been blown away at their customer service every time I visit!
4	I took my two nephews here for dinner before heading back to Texas.  I ordered the Oolong Sea Bass, which was stellar, as always.  One of my nephews got it too, and loved it.The lettuce wraps were very good; however, the portions seem to have shrunk, as there wasn't much filling on the plate.  The service was very, very good.
2	Ordered The Kung Pao chicken and it was unlike any kung pao i have had in scores of Chinese restaurants. There was no sauce or vegetables, just rather dry pieces of chicken put on a bed of rice along with a overly generous amount of peanuts which only added to the dryness. Told the waitress and her response was "the kung pao is cooked in sauce but not served in the sauce"  Hot sour soup was very good and the service good but stay away from the kung poa unless you have had it here before. Drink prices for ice tea are rather high.
4	Always great things from a PF Changs.
4	I am not much on chain restaurants but this place is a fave every time I'm on that side of town.  It's dark, cool, and a nice place to while away a hot summer afternoon.  I was there yesterday with one of my besties and was craving the dynamite shrimp.  Holy cow, they are so addictive and are served in a champagne glass!  So cute and tasty.  I was also craving chicken-fried rice, which I haven't had in over 20 years.  OMG, it was just heavenly and gave me plenty of leftovers for lunch on Monday.  Lastly, our server recommended the Lemon-Coconut sour and it was just spot on!  Cool, refreshing, slightly tart.....yummy :)  Chang's, keep doing what you do because it's all good!
1	The food was just meh, and my stomach still hurts. The beef was gristly and salty in the orange beef.  The orange rind was too much in the dish. Truly the dish was straight up awful.  The crispy green beans - normally a favorite were just less than mediocre.I am a fan of PF Changs, but this was terrible.  A true reminder that not all chains are created equal.  Stay away from this store. I was not feeling well at all later. Kudos to staff, attentive great and trying hard.
5	Amazing! What CaN I Say They've Never Let Me Down, Little Pricey But Sooo Worth It!!
5	One of the best expiriances I've had at a restaurant in a very long time! I haven't been to changs in over a year but I plan to be a regular after today's visit. Greated at the host stand by a very friendly manager, had a glass of wine at the bar while waiting for the rest of my party, bartender was efficient friendly and funny. Got to the table and our server I think her name was Ashley was awesome! Food was great! Even saw a sever put his tray down at the side of the bar to assist the busy hostess with seating, great team work! Way to go p.f. Changs!!
5	Food was wonderful, as usual, but what earned the 5 stars was the incredible service from Amber! We felt like we were at a fine dining establishment. She even sent out a dish on the house for us to try. We left feeling spoiled and wanting to come back ASAP.
3	It is a chain. a decent chain but a chain. Decent quality and service. What more do you want.
4	We dined here a few nights ago. I started off with an apple spice martini, it was great! The food was good. We had a 3 yr old and 7 yr old girl with us, they loved their rice and lo mein. They had fun eating with the cheater chopsticks. The best part of the night was the impeccable service we had from Dave (glasses,shaved head) he was great with the kids, even showed them video of his 9 month old. The manager, stopped by the table to check in and we discovered he was from close to where we live in Minnesota. Was a pleasure Dave and Gideon- we will be sure to return next trip. Oh and the caramel apple wontons from the fall menu-- yum!
5	Gave P.F. Chang's the beef and broccoli test.  They passed.  Beef was tender and the brocoli was crisp.  The dish wasn't overly salty and had a rich flavor.  Grabbed the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer.  It was a solid order as well, though a bit salty as the name implies.  Sauces were delicious.  I wouldn't rate the food as better than a local place but it was quite excellent.Chang's is a bit spendy compared to those local places but the service is excellent and I'm fine with paying for the experience.   Our waitress was prompt and friendly and delivered a relaxing experience overall.  The interior is a bit dark but comfortable and relaxing.  Chang's does draw crowds though so it can get a bit noisy.   Highly recommended if you're looking for a more professional experience and want to be taken care of.  Good for dates or adult friend and family outings.  The full service bar is excellent.
1	I ordered the orange shrimp, and got food poisoning. Would not recommend.
1	I wish I could post zero stars but no such luck.  Ordered a curb side order New Year's Eve at 5.40 pm and was told to pick up at 7.15.  It's all good.  Send my daughter to pick up and they are super busy. She waits and waits.  I call at 8.05 And talk with the manager Guermo? Spelling.  He checked into it, called me back, comped the order which was great. Got the order home and the chicken orders were cold and the rice order was GROSS. It literally looked like slop hat was left over. What a disappointment.  Even free is was not with it
1	My wife and I went to PF Changs for lunch today, and I was extremely disappointed to say the least. My wife is allergic to eggs and asked for fried rice without egg, we were told it is all pre-made and the kitchen is too busy to make our fried rice without egg, there was maybe 10 people in the restaurant, even fast food restaurants make make food to order. Our server was also a little rude about it like we should have known they don't make food to order. I was a little angry about his so I asked him what they did for people who had allergies that wanted fried rice, emphatically he said, "we have a separate menu so they know what they can order." He did come back a few minutes later and say the kitchen would prepare our rice the way we requested it. After our food came, the table next to us got up and left. Their server came over and was cleaning their table and sweeping the floor. The manager was in the background staring at her ass. It was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. On the plus side, their food was really good.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  The food is good, but at this location the service is HORRIFIC!!!  The last 2 times it has taken over 90 minutes to get a lunch.  That is insane. This last visit it took 25 minutes to get a Coke and Tea.  Servers are rude and probably cost them a lot of service.  I really like the food, but I will now have to find a new place.  I gave them a 2nd try, but this serve was the same....Pure disappointment!
2	I've eaten here many times, so know what to expect with the food-usually consistent food.  Nothing out of this world, but well prepared and seasoned.Tonight I decided to do the curbside pickup, and only ordered 2 cold appetizers and calamari.  I did the order online at 5:15, was told to pick up at 6pm.  I arrived at 6, called and let them know I was there.  At 6:15, and no sign of anybody, I called again and told the person I was STILL waiting.  After sitting for another 12 minutes, the server finally arrived at my car, unaware that I had been sitting there for almost 30 minutes (lack of communication somewhere?).I can understand that it is a Saturday night and it was likely busy, and so don't mind waiting if the food is good.  However, when I got home (I live approx 3 minutes away), I opened the calamari and it was cold and rubber, as if it had been left sitting for too long.  Very disappointing to have to wait almost 30 minutes for cold food.  With all of the good restaurants around this location, it'll definitely be a long while before I order from here again-unacceptable!!
4	I have always been a fan of Changs.  Lately they mixed up their menu and removed some of the usual suspects.  Szechwan of the Sea is gone (they will still make it though) was a big one for me.  It's still great food though!
4	Always great good, drinks, and service! Chic and relaxing atmosphere and always clean. The kitchen was behind on our last visit and our food took longer than usual, but the manager paid for it and apologized.
3	PF Chang's is the Safety Sam of the restaurant world.  McDonald's serving up lettuce wraps in a warm, chic, urbane setting.Let's be clear, I've yet to experience lettuce wraps anywhere that are even half as good as Chang's.  But like the Trojan horse predominately placed at the entrance of many of their locations, they seem to be a one-trick pony.The menu is safe and bland. The food equally bland.  Complete disclosure, I like my food exciting, flavorful, and very spicy.  It should challenge me with layers of flavor profiles and you won't experience that at Chang's.  This is your Father's Oldsmobile, safe at 55 mph and 25 mpg.  I'm looking for a Roadster four inches off the ground that will make my eyes water and heart race.The service was excellent, very attentive and helpful.  The food was presented nicely although the tables are a little small for family style serving.Overall, nice evening with excellent company and adequate food but there's a reason you can't buy an Oldsmobile anymore.  Just sayin. . .
5	My first time here   . The decor here was great the place was super clean  . I was greeted immediately felt welcome . Food came out fast and hot  the waiter Shane  was the best ever !!!! A ++++
5	I've been going to this location for years! Every anniversary with my ex husband was spent at this location. Such great memories and even better food. If you go, ask to be seated in Memo's section. #1 server in my opinion!!
1	Horrible service. Went in @ 8:00 with a group of 7 people. Multiple groups that came after us get to go in before us. Waited until 9:20 to go in and when we walked in there were many tables open... Made my group very unhappy & we didn't get to enjoy our time there. /:
5	I absolutely LOVE coming here! We have never came here and have been disappointed. Service is always on point as well as the food! I love the environment as well! The two person dinner for $40 is what we always get! It's such a good deal which includes 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert! I never even finish my meal because the banana spring rolls are so worth saving room for! I give this restaurant a full 5 stars!=]
3	We've been weekly/bi-weekly patrons for 7+ years. Over the last several months some of my favorite dishes have been removed from the menu or revised (crab fried rice, New York strip, salt snd pepper calamari). Then about 4 months ago while dining in I ordered another favorite, the Salmon. The Salmon came out raw inside. I returned it only to receive a dry over cooked piece. I returned it as well. The manager came over and was apologetic. Last night while dining in I finally decided to order the salmon again. It too came out raw. I returned it and did not replace it with salmon. The manager visited our table, he and the server were very apologetic. However; this is very disappointing and someone could become seriously ill eating uncooked fish. Plus I wish they'd bring back the other dishes.
5	Food is always delicious! I had the same server a few weeks apart and she remembered me and what I had ordered. Wish I could have remembered her name because she was the best server I have ever had. The service is always good and their menu has a wide selection of things. Never a disappointing choice to eat here.
4	Always great fresh food and friendly service.
3	Their food is consistently good and it's a great atmosphere.  Prices are a bit high, but the dinner for two option is a good deal.  I've had mixed experiences with service at this location.  On my first visit, the bartender was outstanding.  Fast service and super friendly.  Then I went for dinner with my husband last night (Saturday) and the bar waitress was downright surly... But usually it's pretty good.
