5	Really cool concept. The staff was very welcoming, funny, and helpful. I got the leg cup, if that's the appropriate term. I got a lot of people interested in where I got it. The drinks are yummy but as previously mentioned, not strong. I couldn't finish my drink even sharing it with my boyfriend. I don't even know if we got about half way through. We ended up pouring our own Patron in an mixing all our flavors together. It was still delicious. My favorite was the orange one (can't remember the name). And the leg cup makes a damn cool coin holder (which was the main reason we bought the thing lol).Overall, it's a really cool store that will get you some attention, but I don't see myself getting it again. Though, the price wasn't too bad for their stuff. They also are affiliated with Total Rewards so make sure you swipe! Unfortunately, their system wasn't fully set up so we weren't able to redeem and buy with points, but we did add points for the purchase.
3	Good concept. They do have a lot to choose from both with and with out alcohol. Lots of cup options too. You buy the cup of your choice price is based on wether it has alcohol or not. Although you can't taste the alcohol at all. I wish you could add shots. Cool looking little spot I'm sure it will do well on the strip. Not much for candy but then they're not really a candy store anyway.
4	Close to the strip in between harrahs and ballys area in the Linq. Cool new concept, supposely all their slushies have top shelf liquor but I felt it wasn't strong enough, I believe I've gotten more drunk at fat Tuesdays slushies. They have more flavors though and we chose the patron grand mariner because it was sour.The staff is very friendly and cutely dressed, just needs more signs on the cups of drinks. The saxophone cup is seriously amazing! I think its the sexiest and bangest cup there is. ;) Ha ha
4	The inside look nice and clean. The workers where friendly and they had a big selection inside that showed what alcohol the slushies had. The cups and bottles they sell are really cool. They had sports design like football and baseball.They let you sample the flavors and i got the sour patron grand mariner. Fat Tuesday does put more alcohol on their slushies but i love the taste here. The flavor was the reason i chose to get their drink and i got a cool cup. They have cool bottles and a saxophone was really cool. I choose a simple one because i wanted to use it everyday and happy with it. If your looking for taste, come here. If you want something stronger, Fat tuesday is the place.
4	Really cool place! The staff is very friendly! The drinks are awesome. You can mix and match as many flavors as you like. The only reason I am not giving it the fifth star is because I think the drinks could be stronger, but you do have the option to add an extra shot (or however many you want) for an additional charge.
3	Spiffy place, definitely a social setting. I enjoyed the concept of the bar not to mention the staff especially Taylar who was extremely helpful and informative. Taylar made the experience amazing keeping a smile on her face throughout the entire time. I do think the drinks could be a little stronger, I could barely taste the alcohol. Overall it was a cool experience.
4	We stumbled on this gem when looking for the Linq. It's a cute store, the staff is very friendly and helpful, they know the products well. I don't like frozen drinks, alcoholic or non alcoholic. I like my drinks over ice. So I didn't buy anything. I don't want to use the word pushy but the girls were very all over you wanting to know if you want to buy something. I think it's called suggestive selling. I'm sure they have performance goals to meet. Sweet girls but all they have are slushie drinks and I don't care for slushie type drinks. I would still check out their merchandise and candy.
3	Super cute concept: like a self-serve yogurt place for adults! I thought it was really great that they pass out free samples. Prices are a bit insane, but that's what I would expect on the Strip. You cannot taste the alcohol in the drinks at all, and I'm doubtful they include much. Would much prefer you buy a shot and then add the mixes on top (like Coyote Ugly now does at NY NY). I shouldn't have to buy an additional shot. I would come back because this was kinda a fun thing to do with friends, and the decor and experience was fun.
5	You pick a cup and you fill it up with your favorite alcoholic or non-alcoholic frozen beverage!What more is there to say?!  You can mix them and the place is just fun! The staff is very friendly, just FYI though, it is a bit pricey. They do let you sample the flavors as long as you have ID
1	I was so excited to come here, knowing it's a self-serve daiquiri bar and you can get non-alcoholic beverages too if you're with friends who are underage. The daiquiri flavors are very tasteful and sweet that you can't taste the alcohol at all! Which sucks because the prices are insanely pricey and I barely got a buzz going. I would recommend just getting a Fat Tuesday which will give you a better buzz for your buck. The workers there were helpful and nice when I was choosing which flavors to add to my souvenir cup. However, the girl at the main register was extremely RUDE to my boyfriend and I! She would answer our questions like she was annoyed and you can tell she didn't want to help us at all. I wish she had a name tag on, because her customer service is probably the reason why I wouldn't recommend this place. But all I know is that she has short, brown hair. As I've said, I really wanted to like this place. But their prices are too insane for NO BUZZ AT ALL. I guess it's just a cute place to get souvenir cups.
1	Lame....all of the containers are designed for women.  Not much candy as advertised.  Walked out.
3	Super cute store and concept.  The guys working the fountain area were very friendly and helpful.  It was fun picking a cup and flavor.  However, the gnats or "fruit flies," as the employees called them, were way out of control.  I can understand it might happen something because it is a sticky/sweet area due to the slushies' spilling, but still!  It was kind of a turn off and semi gross.  I gave it three stars because if they could fix that I would say to definitely go!
4	THEY SURE KNOW HOW TO CATCH SOMEONE'S EYE!While walking down the Linq, I spotted The Purple Zebra! No... the actual PURPLE ZEBRA from the opening of the door. Oh, and they were also handing out free non-alcoholic beverage samples. =) This is such a cute/cool place to bring/take tourists to! It reminds me of an UPGRADED FAT TUESDAYS! I got to try the pina colada (non-alcoholic of course), and it was wonderful. It'll definitely be a hit this summer, that's for sure!In addition to the daiquiri bar, they have cool trinkets and candy!! So, here you go SWEET TOOTHS!I will be back to try an alcoholic daiquiri though... SOON AND VERY SOON... Lol.Hooray for Daiquiri Bars!
1	Pros:Cute zebra outfits on the female staff membersVariety of large unique cups to choose from (Zebra legs, saxophones, fishnet stocking lady leg etc)Colorful decor Cons:You're pretty much paying $20+ for a cool cup.  Do not expect to feel a buzz at all.If you want a buzz/feel like you drank some alcohol, I recommend Fat Tuesday instead or just go to a regular bar.  The most you will feel is full and you might get a headache because it is loaded with sugar. Cool concept, but I do feel like I payed $25 for a sinus headache and a cool cup.
1	wish I'd read the reviews...Ugh. I was so excited to have my friends try this place because I loved the concept of a candy store with a self serve daiquiri bar! i take full responsibility for this disappointment. I'm drawn to shiny, colorful, kitschy places and with all the cute zebras on the walls and ceiling and the many different drink vessels like cupcakes and footballs and zebra hooves, I was sold. step 1: is to choose your vessel. my friend and I all bought different colored zebra hooves that came to about $23 each for the cup and the drink.step 2: go to the register to pay. the time we went there was a promotion going on that with the second and third refill, they'd take a percentage off and the fourth refill would be free. psshh...no one used this in our group.step 3: filling your vessel. you show the zebra print-clad hostess who lets 6 or less people at a time inside the gate where the machines are.  there are sample cups and many different flavors including a non alcoholic section for the kids.the entire concept is genius! too bad the drinks were a total let down. for goodness sake, I mixed the alleged "Top Shelf Margarita" with another flavor composed mostly of Patron. I didn't get one buzz! neither did the people I was with. So I introduced them to Fat Tuesday's and showed them what a real daquiri tasted like.
1	I went inside this store cause it looked like another cute colorful store and instead of selling candy, they sold drinks. How awesome...yah right. The staff inside were unhelpful and had completely ignored me and two friends of mine. As soon as we walked in, I noticed a lady worker was handing out this tiny booklet that had a list of drink flavors to a couple in front of us. As I took 2 steps toward her to get one she turned around and walked another direction. So we just continued along and noticed a bunch of workers standing behind the rail where the store has a variety of drink flavors. I noticed a different couple trying several samples of the flavors. I stood and waited and not a single worker had asked if any of us would like to try a sample. They just stood around and talked with each other. (Mind you...The store was pretty empty. There were only about 10 people total.) So after a few minutes of waiting to see if they had any customer service skills, I asked one of the lady worker if I could see the tiny booklet with fun flavors written on it. She had no clue what I was talking about so she had to ask another worker (gentleman) and he had to ask a different lady worker to get me the booklet.  Are these people for real?!? Just talk to the customers (me!) about the flavors the store offers!! Sell me something.  I was there to buy a cup and put a yummy drink in it. Did they talk to me?!? NO! I was handed the stupid booklet and was still not asked if I would like to try anything. After the couple finished the samples and left (without buying anything) I stood around AGAIN to see if the worker (gentleman) would ask me if I would like a sample. (Mind you again....There was NO ONE around except me! Well my friends too but they were telling me to leave since we got no friendly worker to help us.) Getting annoyed by now I finally said that I would like to try the strawberry "something" (forgot the full name) and was given the tiniest sample in the world. It was probably one drop of the drink.  I noticed the couple before me getting their tiny sample cup filled to the top.  I was not asked if I liked the flavors or if I was interested in getting a cup....nope.  It was tasty and sugary but not a lot of alcohol.  I walked around and some of the prices were not labeled...well at least not the cup that I liked. I saw the prices for the other cups. I turned to ask any worker the price and suddenly there was no worker to be found who could assist me...So in the end...I just walked out without buying anything.  Oh wells!
1	I decided to check this spot out after seeing some funky shaped containers that were filled with alcohol. The presentation of the store was really cool and looked very inviting. The staff seemed young (at least 21). What makes me give this place such a low rating is how the staff handled multiple customers. There was no organization or communication. I had purchased extra shots for my drink and the associate that brought me into the gates to fill my container was overwhelmed by so many people trying to get in (well they pretty much walked in themselves).  After notifying the associate that I was missing my shots, she then helped out another group and I was left there looking like an idiot. I then went to another associate and asked when and where I would get my shots. Finally the second associate came and filled my drink with the shots. Next thing I know the first associate is filling my drink with more shots as I am asking for the giant straw that wasn't in my drink. I end up paying for another 3 shots. Aside from the miscommunication and crowd control of the staff, the drink itself was pretty good. I know it's a brand new spot and there is room for improvement. I guess I'll just stick to Fat Tuesday for a few more months. Until next time :)Tl;dr poor communication. Long wait.
4	Four stars for taste, but only one star for alcohol content.  Wifey has a foolproof alcohol indicator (she turns red), but even drinking 24oz of this stuff had no effect. The drinks were definitely tasty and it's a fun concept. But next time we're in Vegas we'll probably try Fat Tuesday, based on the reviews we've seen here.
5	I stopped in here with friends, and we were all greeted immediately upon entering, handed a menu and offered samples. We are locals and expected to pay $$ for a fun fru-fru drink. I was pleasantly surprised that I could get a perfectly sized container, with adult beverage for $15. I was even more pleasantly surprised that we were each given several sampler cups to try out different flavors, and the staff even showed us some good combinations of different drinks. The three of us left happy, fun drink in hand (I loved the cherry mixed with margarita)..perfect for Cinco de Mayo. I also love that they offer a punch card rewards system, and offer 30% off refills. As a local who frequently has guests in town, I will definitely be taking advantage of this. After checking in on Yelp, I noticed the poor reviews and all three of us were legitimately shocked at the 1 star ratings after having such a great experience.
1	I truly do not understand how this place can have any *Four Star  reviews.Upon my visit (not greeted) not that it matters but I would have guessed the girl at the cashier who was perfectly able to see us walk in would offer a friendly hello. On several occasions where my boyfriend and I asked her questions she would respond very little and very sarcastic. We almost left if it wasn't for the guys working at the  flavor dispenser who kindly offered us some samples and answered our questions.Would I come here again? No. Lowest price cup is $15 and its very simply printed with different colors and a zebra. The drinks are very tasty but very non-alcoholic even if there is alcohol in it.They also charge more for a tube shot of patron or tequia.I would recommend trying Fat Tuesday. Or heading over to Old DownTown Las Vegas for the bar called "The D"
5	Had a great experience here tonight. Went in with some friends from out of town and we were helped by Lex. She went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect for us. Great drinks, affordable prices and a fun idea! We opted out of the self-serve and let Lex make us a perfectly delicious patriotic drink!
4	I see it as a hybrid of 7-11 wonderland and a Willy Wonka slush fest. I was early for my show, so I said sure. Why not, lets give it a whirl. I walked in enticed by the color and fun and excitement this place exudes. It's ambiance and servicescape is a mimic of Sugar Factory and M&M world. They have a variety of tumblers to choose from. I chose a Zebra print tumbler. I felt it was less like a yard stick (because yardsticks are more likely to be used to hold your loose change or be thrown away), and served more of a purpose in the long term. So, you buy the tumbler and if you want the alcoholic beverage it will total $20 (which they said a tumbler will contain 3 shots in itself). Without the alcohol and just a regular flavored slushie, it would be $16, and then refills with the container is $12. You also get a stamp card in which you get the 5th refill for free. At least they have a nice incentive there for you to go back.FOR THE OUT-OF-TOWNERS: If you are looking to try your first yardstick or first slush experience. I would recommend this place. It's more interactive, and customer driven. Think the 7-11 experience where you pick what flavors and the possiblities are endless, and there are free samples to try in case you're unsure. It's all just a world of choices, and if you're looking to have fun with it. Try it. This place was made for you. If you brought kids with you, of course, they would have fun little cups for kids, and non alcoholic slushies so you and your kids can brain freeze together!Recommended flavors:TASTE LIKE HEAVEN - for all you Fireball Whiskey lovers. MON CHERRY - goes good with Taste Like HeavenPEACHY PASSION - (i think thats what it's called) It has peach and I love me some peach.
4	It's expensive/overpriced, but fun. You can sample as many of the adult slushie flavors as you like. And some are quite tasty. You pick out your container, and then get let in behind the fence to mix and match and fill your container. I got pretty creative with this and wound up with a most tasty and delightful frozen drink. There's also no -alcoholic flavors for the kiddos and non-drinkers. They also have a lunch card where you can earn a free refill. If nothing else, stop by and enjoy some free samples.
3	I am a Vegas local. The Purple Zebra is a haven for tourists. They have a large selection of glasses and containers, and an equally large selection of flavors. I wanted to go down to the Linq for the first time, and do the "touristy" thing. I opted for a medium sized beer bottle shaped container. As expected, the prices were a bit outrageous. 35 dollars for myself and my wife, who got a small cupcake container and the non-alcoholic option.  I ended up getting a strawberry flavored drink, and mixed it with the mojito flavor. Not bad, really sweet, and not strong. The pros- neat idea, lots of flavors, the female employees wear this tu-tu uniform, and you can see half of their back sides. The cons- expensive, did not even get a buzz, gave up drinking after a good 20oz because it was too sweet, and not enough alcohol, you look like a tourist. It was worth a try, but not the type of place that I would try again. I would rather go to Fat Tuesdays next door, and save some money, and get a buzz.
4	The girl at the counter wasn't the brightest, but the guy who helped us choose flavors and fill the giant containers was great! Beverage selection was good for both alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks. It's a little pricey, but for a unique souvenir and 60 ounces of frozen deliciousness, it's definitely worth it. I combined the peach Bellini with the mod-cherry. Yummy!!
1	I came here instead of Fat Tuesday because I was staying at the Flamingo and Purple Zebra was closer.  I regret being lazy like that.The slushies here are WAY overpriced.  Non-alcoholic slushies start at around $12 and alcoholic slushies start at $20 for the small plastic cups that are $9 at Fat Tuesday's.  If you're going to get alcoholic slushies here, I highly recommend adding an extra shot or two because there's so little alcohol content in them - and that's saying a lot coming from a small little Asian girl who can get drunk on almost nothing.  Literally, they're just like regular slushies.  Also, the flavors were mediocre, nothing special, and I thought they were all a bit too sweet.  I did like how you get to serve yourself and can mix and sample all of the different flavors.  The guys who worked there were super nice too.
5	"Z" For Zebra...Who doesn't love a great cocktail in a cute souvenir cup!I enjoyed sampling varies daiquiri flavors without inconveniencing the  traditional bartender! I highly recommend if your interested in creating new experiences!!!I had a three flavor concoction and it was amazing! I'm a local and I will definitely return with my cute cup and stamp card!
4	Sometimes as a local, you have to go a little "tourist" to remind yourself of the fun this city can be.A friend and I stopped in here after work during our visit to the Linq shopping area.  The place is set up like a giant candy store.  Actually, parts of it ARE an actual candy store.  There are plenty of little candies and such that go along with the rows of goofy, oversidzed glasses.  The back wall, however, is the main draw.An entire wall devoted to drinks.  But here's the catch.  One half is alcoholic.  The other half is not.  So it's basically an all ages Icee/Slurpee stand.  And once you buy your selected cup (they do give discounts and punch cards to locals), you are allowed to step inside the gated area.Now here's the kicker: They hand you a small collection of tiny cups to sample the various flavors, which I appreciated.  Nothing like spending a small fortune on one of those ridiculous drinks only to find that it tastes like Windex.  These tend to be more flavorful, despite the quantities of booze involved.  And you can even mix and match, so you can create your own Frankendrink.So I friend and I walked out, giant zebra hooves in hand, and proceeded to have the rest of the night's adventure.  The staff was friendly, and the process was unobtrusive and easy, so it just made our stopover fun.  I've kept my hoof for the next time I decide to make my rounds over to the Purple Zebra.  I can see taking my vacationing friends to the place.
4	Super cute place for slushy drinks. I loved the blueberry lemonade one. I almost got my punch card filled too, almost.
5	Any and every frozen drink you can imagine lives here. This place was a God send. My friend and I walked into this place everyday while on our vacation. The frozen drinks were definitely welcomed since it was extremely hot during our Vegas experience. I can't wait to go back.
4	If you're in Vegas for a few days and want some frozen alcohol to walk around with, definitely visit Purple Zebra on your first day. The initial price is a bit of a shock, but after you purchase a cup and finish your first drink all your refills ate 30% off. They also give you a punch card so your fifth cup-full is free! I think this is a way better value than other places nearby with the same offerings, but make sure you take advantage of the taster cups so you can get the most bang for your buck! Some of the flavors taste really good, but the alcohol content is much lower than some of the others. Great concept, super fun, and the tiny buzz isn't bad either.
4	I've been in here a few times and never had a problem, other than its expensive. Well, I went in tonight and got my usual, the peach flavor and the southern sinner. The southern sinner tasted like pure vodka. And I'm sure I'm the only one down on the strip to complain, but it was disgusting. What were they willing to do to help? Let me pour it out and pay the same price I just did. The ONLY thing that made this right was the manager replying to this original post and fixing the situation and apologizing for the situation and replacing the drink. So to her, Thank you.
3	Overpriced as shit; but it's Vegas, so suck it up (hypocrite here, I walked!). It's a freaking buffet of diabolical alcoholic slushies combining fruity deliciousness with fire water components, which will inevitably grasp out-of town future Strip stumblers by their little necks and lead them down what can only be described as the "Walk of Shame".  I'd describe it as go big or go home; some original slushie transportation devices (w/drink) can range well over $50. While alcoholic slushies aren't typically my bag, I think they're original take on a slushie-eria will keep even the manliest Jersey Shore-Vegas transplant douche-bags sucking drink out of tiny little straws til their unavoidable mind-numbing brain freeze assaults their appalling blow-outs.
1	I wish I could honestly get my money back spend $56 on a 100 oz drink that I swear had no alchohol in it. Most expensive slushie I have ever bought!!
1	This place tricks you with the large variety of "alcoholic" frozen mixes, but do not waste your time and money!!! Go to Fat Tuesday if you want a real frozen alcoholic beverage. Pros:-Nice decor. -Great variety of souvenir cups to choose from.-Very Clean.-Nice selection of frozen mixes.And it stops right there!Cons:-There is absolutely no alcohol in the frozen mixes. They taste JUST like the non-alcoholic mixes on the other side of the wall.-They bring your extra shot to you. You never see the bottle!!!!-The workers were so busy having a conversation amongst themselves that we had to wait around for service.When you enter the store there's a wall full of shelves with souvenir cups. First you pick a cup and pay before you're directed to the wall of frozen mixes. I purchased the champagne bottle souvenir cup and decided to pay for 2 additional shots of grey goose. Once they checked my receipt I was allowed into the area to sample & pour my desired mix. Cool. Now once I had my cup full one of the workers checked to see which shot I ordered and went to the back to retrieve it. He came back with a test tube full of clear liquid which I was to beeline was  grey goose. Now this is when I became leery. Why aren't the bottles of liquor sitting on a shelf so customers can see you pouring their requested brand?! Fishy! After sipping a good portion of my drink I noticed that it was really sugary and I didn't taste a bit liquor, even with the 2 shots of "vodka". Halfway through I just trashed it and walked over to Fat Tuesday inside The Quad. I would not waste another $35 on this place when I only paid $12 at Fat Tuesday with only 1 extra shot and had a nice buzz within 10mins!
5	Samantha rocks!  Fun place to take shots, I love the crazy colors here, its like an adult smoothie eutopia;)
4	I got a non alcoholic drink . I already had a drink earlier in the week so I decided I will go with non alcoholic.  I think the non alcoholic drink could be less sweeter.  I liked the fact that it's self serve. The lady who helped me ( don't remember her name) was really helpful. I liked that they had all sorts of unique cups here. I wanted the saxophone  but it was too big and 100oz.  I'm not going to finish that. I wished they had a smaller saxophone cup around a 30-50oz. I got the zebra hoof which is just as cool. Other than that, I would be back here. This time to try an alcoholic drink in a another unique cup.
1	Just spent $30 on a drink and the staff was rude and not helpful. They acted like we were bothering them. Go to fat Tuesdays this place is a total rip off
5	This place is incredible!!! I love buying yard long drinks on the strip but now you can customize the cup that it comes in!! Even better that they have non-alcoholic options. Everything from zebra print, saxophones, twisted cups, footballs, even just the regular ones. One of the new additions to The Linq and it was so cool!
5	This place is super fun! 18 delicious flavors and two for one deals on Tuesdays! They have a frequent drinker card to earn free refills and they have extra shots available as well. It's a neat atmosphere and everyone there is friendly!
5	Everyone is super nice the shots are only 3 and it's a huge shot !!!! And they give you a free chaser as well so good !!!! Kevin and heather were really nice ! Will def come again :)
4	I loved everything about this store. The cute cups, the variety of liquor choices and most of all the candy. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great place for tourist.
5	We always take friends and family here when they come to visit us! More expenaive than Fat Tuesday but FAR BETTER QUALITY ALCOHOL. My favorite is the Black Cherry Rum one. If you are a local invest in one of the two flavor twisty cups and make sure to get a punch card!! It is reusabke, cheaper for your guests, and you get your 5th refill for free!!
4	Pick a Cup and fill up....you can taste test and get extra shots added. I hit this place each time I passed it which was like 6 times. They even have punch cards! I like the decor and the concept plenty of choices to mix up and once you find your mix it will be your get drunk go-to for sure! Mine was Guava, Top Shelf Margarita and the one with the Fireball in it!
1	It's not okay that I've been a frequent customer and the worker working decided to hold the door shut at 11:56pm to signal that their closed. You close at midnight! That's not okay and put a bad taste in my mouth for a place I used to love.
3	Tourist paradise. Sometimes you just need an alcoholic slush in a cheesy cup. Prices are expensive, but what do you expect for this location. Worth a visits and they have lots of fun drink cups to choose from.
1	Even with a 20% off coupon from Caesars this place is a joke!An over hyped 7/11 style self serve slushy with barely any alcohol. Supposedly I paid extra for 2 patron shots but I never saw patron bottles anywhere. The tequila was brought out from the back in vials. Can you say scam? I never even got a buzz...on an empty stomach.Save your $20 on your 18oz slur pie & go to the liquor stores on the strip.
4	Love this place!!Purple Zebra is a spot to get chilled adult drinks in funky containers!! We had to try every flavor, and our server was extra sweet and helpful!We bought a couple of Jell-O shots and filled zebra-printed chillers with the yummy Peach flavored frozen concoction!A must see if you're near the Linq in Vegas!
