5	We've been taking our cars to Catskill for years. The is truly the last of the honest Mechanics. The owner and crew are professional and very skilled in their craft. Pleace call and make an appointment, they are often booked solid, but should be able to take you in ASAP. Worth the wait! 5 STARS!!!
5	The last HONEST mechanics anywhere in Vegas!!! They are awesome.  I found them after another mechanic told me my transmission was bad and I might as well replace my car (they offered to buy it from me by the way). I wanted a second opinion and found Tom and his crew through a family friend. I called and they had me come in the next morning, had the transmission shop next door run a scope through my transmission, and low and behold there is nothing wrong with it!! He gave me an oil change, which he said was all I needed, and didn't charge me for the shop next doors services.  Have been taking my car to them for 2 years now and will continue to do so even when I get a new car. Worth the drive from anywhere!
5	Google map shows the arrow on Sunpac street, the location is actualy at the end of the the street on Silver Wolf near the cul de sac. Get your car fixed right! Call Tom today!
5	Tom at Catskill is really the best. We have taken our cars here for several years now and have never had an issue with the quality of service or the price. As a woman, I have had situations where I have been demeaned or treated like an idiot by male mechanics - seriously. When I call Tom, that is never the case - I don't have to worry about being treated unfairly. He is a professional and knows what he is doing!
5	I live pretty close to these guy's and they are breath of fresh air after you have to deal with a stealership. His prices were the best in town, especially since he wouldn't lie to me about the problem. I have three vehicles and get all my work done here now.
5	Even though these guys are super busy, Tom squeezed me in for an assessment of "creaking" that had me worried about my front end suspension. They took a good half hour with my truck, including lifting it to check the suspension and then giving it a drive test to try to diagnose the problem. They assured me my suspension was fine and refused to accept payment for their time. I really appreciated their courtesy and service, and when the time does come for repairs, I know I'll be coming to Catskill!
5	I would give this place ten stars if I could! They are absolutely amazing, and tom is so honest and trust worthy which is hard to find. I was going to have to pay over 2000 dollars for what the dealership told me which was completely off. My car is old and I don't have that kind of money or I'd be driving a better car! Lol He fixed my car up so good I feel like I have a brand new car! :) I would always recommend calling to make a time rather than walking in though, as he does get busy as you can imagine.  :)
5	Top Notch all the way. The most honest, reasonable and helpful place in the city. The owner is Tom Hart, and he takes care of you like you are family. The only place to go!
