5	I know it seems like an oxymoron but check out the pics that I have uploaded and you will see what I mean. Wendy's is my favorite fast food among it's peers, McDonald's, BK, Arby's, Taco Bell and the like.  Here in AZ Wendy's has a pretty tasty breakfast menu and who can beat the Frosty's? So this location has recently gotten an extreme make over and my favorite addition is they now have 3 Coke Free Style machines. I love Peach Sprite so I know this will be my spot when I have a craving. They have free WiFi with comfy lounging chairs in the dining area near the fireplace, a flat screen TV above the fireplace and modern seating no more booths at this location. This location has also added fresh baked goods for your sweet tooth. All of this plus a 24 hour drive thru; this is a whole new Wendy's.
5	This Wendy's is right by Paradise Valley Mall.  It has a completely revamped look, which is awesome.  I would recommend trying the Cheesey Chedderburgers on the dollar menu.  They are so great.  Plus, they're on the dollar menu....Hello?!?!  They are really fast and friendly there.  They also have those cool looking soda machines, if you like that kind of thing, which I do.  You get to choose different flavors of coke you would like.  It's just really cool.
5	Best Wendys ever!! So new looking. This wendys even has a coffee house menu with fresh baked goods, tea and coffee. Place is so clean, has a fake fire place area with cute seating. Free wifi as well as those all in one soda machines. I would go here for a coffee break and a meal, the dollar menu is amazing 5 piece nuggets for a dollar each! Lots of parking right by paradise valley mall.
3	My husband and I were at the Paradise Valley Mall yesterday, and instead of eating at the food court; we chose Wendy's. This Wendy's is gorgeous aesthetically, all the way down to the couch and fake fireplace! It really gives you that warm and cozy feeling!The food offerings are great too! Not only does it offer all your Wendy's favorites, but they also have fresh baked goods. This includes cookies brownies, pieces of pie, and rolls. Want to spice up the taste of your soft drink? This is the place to do it! They offer coke products, but you can choose a variety of flavors to add, like cherry, peach, orange, raspberry or vanilla. I chose to have my usual ice tea with Splenda while my husband picked Raspberry Coke. It was enjoyed immensely!Both of us ordered our favorite burgers, the baconator. He likes to add  tomato and extra cheese. I prefer mine with mustard, ketchup and pickle only. What happens at this point determined the three star rating. His burger did not have extra cheese which of course costs extra. We take the receipt up to the counter and are immediately told that it does have extra cheese. By looking at my burger, we can tell this is not true. My husband goes up to the counter again, and this time he is handed a cold  piece of cheese on a disposable tray. He decides to help me eat before returning a third time!This time the manager asks what the problem is. We explain that he added tomato and extra cheese. She says, "did they not add tomato?" If you looked at the sandwich with tomato and the slice of unmelted cheese, the tomato was obviously not the issue. Finally, she put two and two together and remade his sandwich. She also reminded the employees that they cook the burgers to order and gave me a free chocolate frosty for the inconvenience!The bottom line is this Wendy's is classy, but needs to remember the customer is always right!
5	Wow....can't believe I done it again. What you ask? Forget to review a place I have been to tons of times and right near my home. Well let me start with the infamous COKE FREESTYLE MACHINES......they are totally awesome. I mean imagine hundreds of different drink combinations to satisfy your thirst. My personal favorite is the PEACH Sprite and Strawberry Lemonade flavors......simply delicious. This location has been totally renovated and it has a superb modern look to it now. It is very clean....well lit..... and has an electric fireplace which adds a nice ambiance to the place. The staff is friendly and the service is great.....I Always receive my food very fast. If your in the neighborhood.....stop in and give this restaurant a try. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	This Wendy's is one of the newly remodeled editions here in the Valley. Like at least one other that I've visited, the new decor inside is pretty impressive. If you've ever been to a Wendy's, you know that the decor really hasn't changed much over the decades. Those days, however, are officially over.The most prominent of all of the changes is the faux fireplace with the lounge seating area. There are four lowboy lounge chairs surrounding two small tables seating in front of the fireplace, with a nice HD television mounted on the wall above. It LOOKS really nice. But, as I stayed a little while, I noticed how uncomfortable these chairs appeared to be for every patron who sat in them. Being that the chairs are low, and clearly built for relaxation rather than function, there doesn't appear to be any comfortable way to sit in them while eating your food. The seat portion is quite deep, allowing you to appear like you're reclining. However, that particular position is not conducive to comfortable eating. Every time a patron wanted to take a bite, they had to awkwardly make their way back to the edge of the chair to get back to their food. From there, the customers didn't have any back support. Plus, if you're a tall person, your knees are guaranteed to be up in your chest while you're leaning forward to get to your food. If you're a child or a smaller person, your legs are going to dangle off of the edge, as the cushion is so deep. It's truly a Catch 22 sitting in these seats to dine. As a lounge, though, it's quite nice.My family and I managed to get a much more comfortable seat at one of the bar-style high tops located around the many floor-to-ceiling windows. It gave us a great opportunity to see what a train wreck the parking lot at this particular location can be. This day happened to be particularly crowded, it seemed. Every time somebody tried to pull out of their parking spot, they had to wait for what seemed like five minutes before there was a clearing. The way this parking lot is designed, if you take a left out of the drive-thru and go back around the building, you're pretty much screwed. You'll end up fighting people trying to get INTO the drive-thru, as well as the people trying to leave the parking lot to get out altogether. So, a word to the wise, turn right out of the drive-thru.At its core, it's still a Wendy's. There are a few new additions to the menu, but it's pretty much the same old same old. If you do visit this remodeled version of Wendy's, try to go during an off-peak time. That way, you can avoid the general chaos that ensues when this place is at capacity.
3	Again it's a fast food joint.  Recently remodeled and looks nice, but the line to the counter is short and due to the screens on the way, narrow.  Kind of makes you feel like cattle heading to slaughter.  Maybe they could rework that aspect and makes it not quite so cozy.Otherwise, they food was as we expect it to be from a global chain, nothing really special, just quick
3	After reviewing the Starship McDonald's up in Flag last week, I noticed I forgot to post my review of this Next Generation fast food place from three months ago. D'oh!Wow!  You have to give Wendy's credit for thinking outside the box.  This fast food restaurant is like no other I've been to. As some of my photos can attest, this is more of a comfy chair club with a lot of eye distractions than fast food chain with plastic chairs. For instance, it has a huge flat screen HDTV blasting ESPN's Sports Center that is situated above a faux fireplace. "A" for effort!This Wendy's also has a coffee/barista station.  Though the "Joe" tastes more like a water down Seattle Best. Too bad they couldn't get a Tim Horton's contract, eh!  Also new, is the Coca-Cola brand soda dispensers that tends to make everything taste like Dr Pepper.  So if you are from Texas, this might be a good thing. LOLAs for the food, Wendy's continues to let the corporate kitchen rethink their menu items.  The food is very good and it will be interesting to see where they go with it after a couple of years.So, in line with my thinking about most fast food places, Three Stars "A-OK". But I'll throw in a 1/2 Star for effort and originality.  Enjoy!
5	As far as Wendy's go, this is a nice location.  It offers a fireplace and all menus are updated on LCD screens.  The whole place has a nice feel to it and even offers the new coke machines where you have a ton of options to choose from.  I will be visiting this location again.
3	Came here few times before and after they remodel the place.  Now they have a fireplace and it's usually always on during winter time.  Okay location.  First thought they might open 24/7 but later they close rather early.  We need a place here that opens up 24 hours a day.  The only food I like getting here is the frosty.  The portion of their burgers are so tiny and the meat feels like it has been frozen before, not good.
1	I ordered 3 Chicken Caesar Wraps to go and guess what??  The 3 sandwiches contained a half leaf of lettuce...BETWEEN THE 3 OF THEM.  When you sell a chicken caesar wrap you are selling a chicken caesar SALAD wrapped in some sort of pita.
1	Drive thru experience left much to be desired. The young "adults" working here were more interested in cracking jokes and smack talking and didn't care to get the order correct. My visit was on 12-11-14 @ 8pm. I was told I had everything in my bags then was stopped and told my bags were missing nuggets. When the woman at the window asked a man in the background how long on the nuggets, she was told 10 minutes. She started laughing and they continued to laugh and joke with each other for the next 60 seconds (with the drive thru window open) while I waited on the 4 nuggets. Awesome, professional way to act in front of customers right?! Ridiculous. So I pull off into the parking lot to check the bags as they made it obvious that they don't give a crap. I was missing several utensils and sour cream and margarine for a potato. I'm not sure who forgot to babysit the drive thru today but it was obvious no management was around. For the price, I'll just go to Chik Fil A in the future, at least they know how to treat customers with respect.
2	Wendy's restaurants are usually excellent, in terms of food and service. This particular restaurant however lacks that quality in its service. I was shortchanged during my visit there. Figured that out later in the day and called for a refund of the difference or some kind of compensation. They said the tills had the right amount of money and that I should have said something while I was in the restaurant. Either the manager was lying or the girl at the register pocketed some of my change. The manager said she would call me back after speaking with the employee and never did.Don't take the risk; go to the In 'n' Out across the street. The Wendy's isn't as crowded for a reason, as I learned the hard way.
