3	Hidden within Overstreet Mall, this Caribou location is a good place to stop when you're desperately in need of a white mocha before heading back to the office. It's somewhat smaller than, say, the East Boulevard location, but there are some tables, and I see business meetings going on here all the time. Like many things in Overstreet Mall, I always just happen upon the Caribou while I'm wondering around kind of lost. But it's always a pleasant surprise because I'm a big fan of the chain.
5	Oh, Caribou Coffee - I knew you had decadent coffees but have to say your White Chocolate Lavender Mocha is where it is! In Charlotte this week for work & happily discovered a poster for a chilled White Choc Lavender mocha & I immediately thought....hot would be yummy too ... & I was right Hot, chocolaty & just enough lavender to give it a flowery taste w/out being soapy & we all know there's a fine line when doing things like rose or lavender But these guys got it right! And did I mention they use Guittard Chocolate!!!!I knew from trips to Des Moines that Caribou offered yummy, albeit calorie-laden coffees....but that's what makes them SO GOOD & I'm stoked to find you here in Charlotte
4	Im sitting in Caribou right now as I write this review!!  I enjoy this much better than any Starbucks in the city.  Nice staff, leather chairs, and super fast wifi.  The coffee is good too.  Im not the biggest coffee connesieur but it tastes good.  It is kinda hidden in the Bank of America Plaza so just keep on walking passed Sbarro and the other shops an
3	For some reason it's really difficult for me to write a review about a place I have visited almost every week for the past 5 years. Coffee: Flavorful. If I were to compare it to Starbucks I would say that the flavor is more profound. Starbucks is a much darker coffee.  I do love Starbucks but Caribou wins with the flavor. Specialty drinks: Caribou, you disappoint me here. I have never been happy with your specialty drinks... for some reason Starbucks has always had the better White Chocolate Mocha. Service: Not a huge amount of turnover here. I usually see the same people every week for about 2 years and then it's a new bunch of faces. Very friendly. A few years ago they we're OBSESSED with selling their pastries and it almost turned me away completely from Caribou. Ambiance: In the morning it's like a heard of cattle lining up to get their caffeine fix. The rest of the day it's kind of slow.
5	These Caribou associates KNOW how to treat customers.  They call me by my name promptly, they remembered my order by the third visit, and are able to laugh and have fun with the customers while providing stellar service. I used to stop by Starbucks located feet away but  I will continue to visit Caribou where I am treated like a valued customer EVERY time I walk in.
2	The service is great, the atmosphere good. The coffee is bad, while the food...(Oh, the food...)The food makes your waistExplode to the nines.Causing this YelperTo write in bad rhymes!
