3	This is your grandpa's Chinese restaurant.  Don't take that the wrong way.  It's just that the decor feels to me like it is out of the 60's or 70's.  Like maybe the restaurant could have been used as a set in the movie Dirty Dancing.  You know, when Baby and her Beau sneak off to town for some chow mien.The food varied, overall it was decent, not great.  The prices were reasonable and the service was kind of slow.We had crab puffs and an egg roll for starters.  They fall at about 2.00 stars.  The entrees we had:  lobster with black bean sauce, emperor's beef, Chinese fried chicken and pork fried rice.  The lobster meat was tender.  I didn't care for the sauce.   It looked and tasted like egg drop soup with some black beans stirred in.  1.5 stars.  The beef was in a mild brown sauce over assorted vegetables.  It was tasty but needed heat to set it off.  2.5 stars.  I did not like the Chinese fried chicken as it was overdone and tasted strongly of the frying oil.  2 stars.  You should know that my wife did like it despite pointing out that it was a little chewy.  The pork fried rice was very good, with BBQ pork in good quantity.  3.75 stars.  Take the 5 ratings listed above, total them up, divide by five and you have the true rating: 2.35 stars.  Just below average.
1	I agree with the other review about the decor.  He said it well. Have you ever walked into a Chinese restaurant and it had that smell to it?  I mean, not a good kinda smell like oh, smell that food!  It's more like ewww, what's that odor?  According to my nose, anyway.This is not the kind of Chinese food that I'm used to.  The fried rice tasted like smoke from burnt oil.  Some people might like that smoky flavor, I don't know.  First couple of bites of the main dish, I couldn't really identify what I was eating... it was not a good taste.  It was blah, oily, too much thickening agent, not enough soy sauce.  Is this chicken or what?Their food is different.  The waiter explained that it was east coast Chinese food.  For example the chicken chow mien is with bean sprouts and not noodles.  They call the one with noodles something else.  Which is fine and they were more than willing to give me the other dish.The price was good with the coupon, but I would not eat there again.
4	yes, teh decor is a massive throw back and the bar is a cave, but we found many dishes to be quite good.  the pork chow mein and pork fried rice are really good, the bbq pork slices (char siu) on the appetizers is very good too.  have not tried many of the mroe eccentric dishes, but we have tried many of the normal staples and found them quite tasty.  this is not PF CH#$%'s, just a neighborhood joint.  once you get used to it, the very very very dated decor kind of grows on you.
4	Decor aside.. this place is a staple in north mesa. Yes the interior is dated, well so is my grandmothers home but I sure love her dinners as well. :)The portions are huge! Despite my 160lb walking carcass I eat like a hungry hippo and can hang with the best of them.  Appetite aside I have something to take home each and every time and it makes for a nice snack when reheated.The service is a little slower, however they are polite and accommodating. By slower I am not implying you are waiting for ever, just that this is no panda express nor would I ever want them to try to emulate such a thing.  It is a place where you can take you time, settle back with some conversation, your laptop or friends and just take your time. The place is large, but that also left me feeling I was not at all rushed or taking a table like other places.If you are wanting to try this place maybe stop in for lunch, the price and portion cant be beat. I also hope to come down and check out their bar sometime. Having this place in north mesa is another nice dinner option and they deliver too!
4	Kwans is close to home and work and I find myself there often. Portion sizes are good. The quality of food and service can be dramatically different. One day ill head in there and everything is delicious and service is great. A few days later and they really drop the ball. Its a gamble but even when its bad, I can always sit back and enjoy as much hot tea as I can drink.Oh yeah try the general tso's chicken!
1	I will never, I repeat NEVER visit this establishment again. After receiving a gift card for discounted dining offers, I confirmed on the internet that this place would honor the card.  I decided to take my son there to eat. They advised me that they would NOT honor the card AFTER they served us soup and our drinks. The total for that nonsense was 3.62. I was told that I needed cash and they wouldn't run my credit card for under 5.00. I promptly advised the woman that if she wanted to get paid for the bill, she would run my card for the 3.62 they were charging me, I would NOT be purchasing anything else from them to make up the difference. RUDE! I also contacted the Entertainment card customer service department as to find out why the discount wasn't accepted and to let them know that I am hesitant to try to use the card again. I will go to Panda Express next time. At least I can understand the people who work there while they are trying to screw me.
5	Yes. Four stars for this Chinese restaurant that time forgot! Actually 5. yes, FIVE STARS. Why 5 stars? Kwan's serves old school Chinese cuisine that I haven't encountered in years. This isn't the place I'd suggest going for some kind of seafood delight, but if you want Chicken Chow Mein with big huge red ribs, and everything else golden fried in classic deliciousness, THIS is the place to go! When I was just a pup back in Cleveland, this was the type of Chinese food that made every Friday night the best night of the week. Keep in mind that some of the names here are a little different.. For Chow Mein is bean sprouts, water chestnuts, celery, sauce and Chicken over crunchy noodles. My dad has been on the lookout for such Chow Mein since the 90's or something. I'm a big fan of their fried stuff. Their egg foo young has that amazing gravy that inspired me to try my hand at cooking in the first place, way back when I was 9. Finally, the pricesGET STUFFED for less than $10 a person.. more like $7 if you're there for the lunch special. The service is fantastic too. It may look dated, it may smell like your grandma's friend's house but whatever, this is classic Chinese American food at prices that Panda Express can't touch.
4	Went here for lunch and was happy with the food and service.  The wait staff was pleasant and prompt, and the food came in a timely manner.  Their lunch prices are great; starting at $5.95 and you get a soup, eggroll, and crab puff along with your meal and rice.  The portions were just what I would want for a lunch portion.  Not huge (in other words, I didn't need a to-go box) but enough food that you leave with a full belly.  I was impressed with the quality of the fried foods (eggroll, cream puff, orange chicken) - everything was golden brown and crispy without being too heavy.  I also got the potstickers, and while they were not what I would call "amazing" they are so far the best potstickers I have found in NE Mesa.  Like the other reviewers say, the decor is not modern, but the place feels clean and they have a nice open dining area with plenty of seating.
4	Do not let the 60s decor fool you.  This is an excellent Chinese food restaurant. It specializes in Cantonese, which isn't as trendy Sichuan and Hunan, but the dishes are quality and have generous portions. The Hot and Sour soup and General Tzu's chicken are standout items.
4	Other reviews seem to be all over the place.  My daughter and I went to Kwan's last week, on a Thursday night.  They weren't busy, but the people who were there seemed to be enjoying their dinners.  We ordered the house special lo mien, house special fried rice, mu shu pork, and shrimp with snow peas.  Daughter also ordered won ton soup and fried won ton, and I ordered hot and sour soup, and of course we got the usual white rice.We didn't touch the white rice at all.  The won ton soup went down quickly, the hot and sour was quite sour and quite hot and had the surprise of some rather large pieces of chicken in it - a first for me.The dishes came out one at a time but close enough together that we didn't finish one before the next one.  The lo mien and fried rice were good; the shrimp with snow peas was excellent, and the mu shu pork came already wrapped in the pancakes - four fat pancakes full of excellent mu shu pork and lots of plum sauce.  We ate until we were satisfied and brought home enough food for one more meal each and one more round of rice and lo mien.  It was pretty yummy.I agree that the decor is straight out of the 60s, and this is the kind of Chinese food that I learned to like when I was 20--that's a lot of years ago.  Good stuff.I'll go back whenever I'm in Mesa,  Hubby doesn't like Oriental food so I have to get my fill whenever and wherever I can---Kwan's did its job this time.Prices are moderate, parking is at the door, the wait staff is friendly and not intrusive.  I like this place,
2	It would be a one star review if the waitress wasn't trying exceptionally hard to be friendly.We came to this restaraunt with about 10 people for a birthday party (which seems to be a trend these days... birthdays. Cut it out already, people! Every year!?) and we were quickly seated to a large table. We came here on a recommendation from a couple of friends that are vegetarian, as defined by eating cheese and rice dishes. Not your "tofu" or "tempeh" kind of vegetarian. We were going out on a limb already.We got our orderd quickly taken away, and the tea was incredibly hot, but tasty and served in tiny little cups. The water took a lot longer than I had expected to be refilled, but it was a large table. Then came the food. Bleh. I saw a review saying that "this is your grandfather's chinese place" and that couldn't be more right. It was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting. Everything was overcooked and slimy, the bamboo shoots were clear and weird, the sprouts smelled a little strange. The crab puffs had NO crab in them, weren't really all that puffy, and contained the sick moist  nothing-but-cream-cheese filling I've learned to hate over the years. You can't really eat them without the cakey dough like texture getting all in your mouth and tainting your next bite.Boyfriend got a Bao Po platter (something like Pu Pu, I'm assuming?) and I couldn't really eat any of it. The "Egg roll" had chicken and pork, so that was out of the question. I ate some sticky rice just to get by.The sweet and sour sauce ended up being gelatenous -- as in, we poked a fork or a wonton in it multiple times and NOTHING came out. Jello sauce. The deep fried shrimp looked like a deep fried seahorse. It was HUGE and in the shape of a horseshoe. We affectionately called it the shoe-horse all night. I had a really good time here because I have friends with a good sense of humour, but this place tried very very hard to get me to have a bad time. Wouldn't go back unless I had already eaten.
4	I have to say that this is my favorite chinese restaurant and probably a very underappreciated one.  This place is definitely a bit of a hole in the wall- outdated on the inside, not so great decor.  The staff, however is very friendly and I have always enjoyed everything I order here.  The restaurant is quiet and relaxing and they have some fun drinks to order from the bar.  I especially appreciate the Scorpian Bowl for Two...which comes out flaming.  The prices are good too and they deliver.
4	Yes we do have a takeout/delivery place that isn't pizza!  We have eaten here a couple times and it is true that the decor is a bit old.  However, the thing I love the most is ordering takeout.  When I am tired and I want a meal and I don't want fast food this is our go to place.  We usually order the pot stickers, egg rolls, and lemon chicken with fried rice and beef chow mein.  The potions are HUGE and the first time I was shocked at the quality and size of the meats.   My husband and I could split one of the meals if we wanted.  Much of the food is fried but done the right way.  Sure I will admit, it is no P.F. Changs but then P.F doesn't deliver.
2	We no longer go to the Sampan. We had guests for dinner and ordered take out from the Sampan. The lady that took the order said NO MSG in their food. When we arrived to pick up the take out order the cashier told us that MSG was in three of the dishes we had ordered.It may have been understandable, but she was not polite about it either. She says "NO MSG FOR YOU, HA" - I said we prefer no MSG in our food. We decided, they had given us bad information then the young cashier was somewhat smart mouth about it.  Who needs bad information and  poor customer service, we decided no more.
1	Yuck!! It would have to be a 1 for this review here's why, when I went there a couple of months ago and the waiter didn't even speak English. He asked if we wanted soder? meaning soda and we didn't even know what that meant. Also, The place was not fancy at all? The walls were painted crazy colors and the tables were crappy looking. It's also weird how you can't see in the restaurants so you don't know what your getting into. We also though the food was terrible so we had to act like we liked it. So in conclusion I don't know how long this place has been there, but go in at your own risk!!! I'm not going back S- TO THE S-CARY
2	We've gotten their food a few times now and it's not bad. My review is based more on the fact that it's basically just "American Chinese" - Cantonese style Americanised Chinese food. I expected something better from such a big restaurant with an enticing name. this is nothing more that overpriced takeout. I do like that the people who own it are actually Chinese instead of a bunch of Mexicans making "Chinese" food. If you like run of the mill American-style Asian food then this is a great place, the food IS good. If you want real Chinese food, go to California because the only place in Arizona closed last year until I find another hidden somewhere.
4	I have had take it from here several times and each time the food has been really good.  I keep meaning to stop in to check out the bar but just have not had the time. I would have to say this is one of my favorite Chinese food places and its convenient.  ** call ahead for take out.
4	I have eaten at Kwan's 4-5 times since I moved to AZ from Cali and have been more than satisfied with the food, portions, staff, and location (2 min drive away) also the bar area is really nice. I have read some of the reviews on the out of date decor but personally i don't mind it at all but that is coming from someone who thinks 90's hiphop kills all that crap that is on  the radio these days :)If I have to complain about something i would mention that the low-mein is very greasy/oily. I have avoided ordering it my last 3 times although it is normally my favorite thing to eat. I have a feeling the cooks in the kitchen aren't Chinese (dated a girl for 3 years that worked at a Chinese restaurant) anyway, my complaints are not big enough to keep me away form this place, i am eating BBQ pork fried rice and walnut shrimp right now that i picked up earlier and it is delicious. the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, i enjoy the oldschool look. PS.. people with a negative outlook on life will leave overly negative feedback on anything they can so give this place a chance. dont let a bad review stop you from checking this place out, try it for yourself because i am definitely a fan and i am a pretty picky eater. (would have rated 5 stars if low mein was not so oily)
1	We were here about 6 months ago.  The first impression when you walk in is a funny smell.  Then you proceed to walk in and you feel like you are in a third world country Chinese place, this place shows it's age.  The lady server, was not that nice, and to top it off, my wife and the one other party on a Saturday night saw a cockroach crawling on the wall that is towards the kitchen, we were probably not 5 minutes into our meal, and asked for the check.  The chef or cook, came out with a broom and reach out to it and started smacking it. The waiter came to apologize and gave us a 20% discount on our meal for experiencing that.  They gave the other party a 30% discount, which I presume is because they were closer to the cockroach.  And there you have it, the closer you are to the critters the bigger discount you get.  They should promote that!
1	Eww. Just eww. Based on the previous Yelp reviews I was expecting mediocre, at best. However the food at this place was just gross. Add that to the horrible service- we wont be back. There was 4 of us in our party, we were seated right away. I ordered iced tea to drink and it was so gross- clearly old and had gone bad. It was all downhill from there. Our four orders were taken correctly but 3/4 orders came out after about 45 mins. The 4th order took almost an entire hour to come to the table. Now, to be fair- if the restaurant was busy or the food was amazingly good- Im okay with the wait. However, the restaurant was not busy at all- and yes, the other reviews are correct- it looks like heaven's waiting room in there. Apparently the elderly like gross food. The servers brought out items and placed each plate, without any communication, at the center of the table. So, we were left guessing what items belonged to which order. There was never a refill on drinks, never a check back to the table to see if we liked the food, nothing. The only time we saw our server again was when she tossed the check on the table and walked away.
1	I knew I was in trouble when I ordered online and there was a box to add a tip for food to go.  I worked for tips for 20 years and know you work for them.  Ordering food online and picking it up never gets a tip from me.  Like a tip jar on the counter of Dunkin Donuts.  For why?    Pass on this place.  I asked for extra green onions in my Mongolian Beef. Didn't see it. However, beef was very tender, but not impressed.  Next dish was Moo Goo Gai Pan to which the sauce is the secret.  The vegetables were ok, chicken was overcooked according to person eating it.  Again, sauce too mild.
4	I can't speak for the dine in service but we have taken out a few times and it's always been good. Nothing special, but Chinese food can be pretty scary.
1	I stopped for lunch on Wednesday of this past week and ordered Crispy Noodle Chicken Chow Mein.  The chicken in the chicken chow mein was not chicken.  It was long pieces of light and dark meat with connective tissue that made it very, very strange looking and nothing like any chicken meat I've ever seen.  The owner came out and I asked him what is this.  I said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners.I will never go back there again.
3	Not the best Chinese food that I have had but by far the best that I have found in Arizona!!!!
5	So far, everything I have tried on the menu has been delicious.  Their Pepper Steak is good and they have great fried shrimp.  I also like their lunch combos.  A great place to eat and it is nice on the inside.
1	Ordered the bo-bo platter for an appetizer The beef was grey and smelled funny, the bbq was vinegar with ketchup and the egg rolls were rock hard. All of it was like leftovers from other plates. Definitely will not go back and will never recommend this dive.Wish there was a negative star.
1	Very disappointed with the 1 hour delivery on a Wednesday evening when we live across the street and we only ordered 2 things.  The food for tge price is not worth it.. I will never order from this place again!
1	Panda Express is fine cuisine compared to Kwan's Sampan.  Their Kung Pao chicken was soggy.  Every dish was flavorless.  We tried it twice to be sure we weren't mistaken or ordered on a bad day because a couple of locals recommended it.  It was just as awful the second time we ordered.
