3	Charlotte's really improved in the last couple of years. They've cleaned up the airport. They've gotten a couple of new parking decks and the cost for parking is very competitive with other airports (St. Louis is $13 a day for their parking deck) and the shuttles run often (not often enough, but often).For people getting layovers, there are good food options in the terminals and in the atrium area. Dozens of rocking chairs are scattered throughout the terminals and with the free wif-fi, power outlets are plentiful.They've opened the third parallel runway, which means way more flights and more destinations. They've also opened a dozen or so more gates in the "warehouse" style E terminal. I hear that a new terminal might be in the works that will be built where the rental car stuff is today. That will be great!Does the Airport Authority do a good job? Yes. Could the airport be improved? Yes. Easily? Not really.I'd really like to see a light rail into uptown, but that's a multi-billion dollar program that probably won't happen for a very long time. In the meanwhile, there are always lots of taxis. It should be only $25 flat rate into uptown.
4	If you are ever going to get stuck in an airport this is a great one to do it in. Lots of options to eat (and drink) and shop if you are so inclined.
2	Not a fan...seems dark and dingy. You can tell this is a US airways hub as its just like Philly, like an old shopping mall that is past its prime.
4	I transited Charlotte 10 days ago.  I can't comment on the security check points since I was on the inside.I get the sense that Charlotte is an airport that wants to actually make the all the passengers comfortable, not just the swells in the airline lounges.Bravo for the rocking chairs and the lovely market area in the space in the main terminal. Hooray for super clean restrooms.Boo for an Einstein's Bagels that is a disappointing outlier among a generally reliable chain.Note to airport manager:  time to add more electrical outlets and recharging stations.  I am sure they were adequate for the year the terminal was built.  While like every airport in the world, Charlotte has more outlets per traveler than Phoenix, they are insufficient for today's smartphone, iPad, laptop wielding crowd.
2	Why am I always sprinting through this long, logistically-horrible airport?  They never schedule enough time in between flights to allow you to trek the loooooooooooooooooooong concourses and connecting shopping hallways!!  And for the record this is coming from a fast walker with long ass legs...Not to mention if you make it on time your flight is always held for people trying to make it.  Too bad I never get the time to sit down in the cool, white rocking chairs I am always sprinting by because I am rushing to my connecting flight...What a mess.
1	I'm currently on crutches and landed in CLT at 9:30pm, in need of a cart to take me from gate C11 or 13 (cant remember) to gate B10.  I have exactly 1 hour between flights.  I'm told that my cart is on the way, and 20 minutes later I decide I cant wait anymore and end up having to walk on crutches for what seems like at least half a mile.  No less than 4 carts passed right by me without asking if I needed help.Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service.  Unfortunately, Charlotte is my home and I have to deal with the lackadasical nature of CLT's employees on a weekly basis.I've always known it was bad, particularly the gate agents, but being injured and in need of assistance has really hammerred home the point.If you don't live here, do whatever you can to avoid this airport.
5	Thank you for what you do for this airport. I believe the Charlotte Douglas Airport is one of the finest in the country. All the things you have put in the choice of services the music in the lobby the rocking chairs the works. Thank you so much. Sincerely
3	Could do a better job guys. managing the arrivals passenger pickup
