3	I came here yesterday after lounging at Nikki Beach. The place is part of the South Beach Marketplace and it has both Gelato and self serve frozen yogurt. They charge 49 cents per oz. which is quite pricey, but then again, it IS inside a casino. I ended up getting Dulce de Leche, Cheesecake, Peach Mango, and Plain. My favorite was definitely the Peach Mango because it was the closest to a tart flavor. The Dulce de Leche was also good, but I'm more of a tart person. Don't be fooled by the plain flavor. I guess I just assumed it was going to be "plain tart," but I was wrong. The plain flavor is exactly as titled, PLAIN. It literally tastes like nothing, so I would suggest not getting it. Even though their toppings selection isn't very big, the fruits were very fresh. You could tell they have them delivered fresh as opposed to getting frozen fruits to thaw and serve. I tried to limit myself on the froyo since I saw that it was 49 cents per ounce, but it still came up to $5.17. Since it adds up so fast, I think I'll just stick to Gelato next time because it'll probably be cheaper.
3	Great place to go after the pool when you need to cool off but probably wouldn't have come here for any other reason. I had the Peach Mango and the coconut and topped them with the mango slices. Definitely a pricier place but no worse than the other frozen yogurt places in the casinos. The yogurt was pretty good and I totally agree with Jadira, the fruits seemed really fresh.
2	I came here a couple of times while staying at the Tropicana this week. Overall, it's everything you would expect from an in-resort snack bar, but I still found it to be a bit overpriced. A couple of small scoops of gelato will run you $7, and the gelato is only okay. You can actually get more for less over at the Bellagio.The self-serve frozen yogurt is a better deal, at $0.49 an ounce, and there are some interesting flavors to try (coconut to peanut butter to cake batter). I guess I never really understood the fro-yo craze. Everytime I eat  it, I just wish I was eating ice cream instead.
5	Me and a friend tried the naked spoon located in the Tropicana hotel while chilling by the pool. The self-serve frozen yogurt for $0.49 an ounce was amazing. You had your choice of a few choices and I had the Peach Mango, cake batter, strawberry and Dulce de leche. I had some toppings of strawberry, bananas and chocolate bits which sealed my sweet tooth craving. It was very delicious and affordable.  You do have an option to taste each of the froyo before you purchase. I would definitely return.
3	Tried out this 24hr fro yo self serve place since I was staying at the Tropicana. It's a nice dessert addition to this end of the strip and definitely a good (or maybe not so good) thing it never closes.There were about 12 flavors available, mostly sweet, like red velvet, cake batter, vanilla, cookies n cream... The yogurt was hard to serve bc the handles were quite stiff but all in all it was decent, if a little sticky. Not too watery.also had the standard toppings, and it was nice that the fruit was fresh. It was pretty expensive for froyo overall, but compared to the gelato and the rest of the food here, altogether reasonable.
4	This place was a bit more expensive in comparison to the other yogurt joints in town, but it is on the the strip.  I came here prior to watching a show, figuring a little tasty treat would hold my appetite over.  Eh, it did the job!Pros:  *  I had no complaints about my yogurt.    *  their Cheesecake and selection in toppings was impressive  *  Although I came here during the cold season, I noticed it was near Nikki Beach (perfect for those hot summer days).Cons:  *  A tad more pricey than your typical Self-Serve Yogurt  *  The cashier didn't seem too talkative, but hey at least he thanked me.Overall:  This place isn't bad.  It certainly wouldn't be my first choice, but if I was cruising the strip and had the urge for some yogurt, I could definitely see myself coming here.  There wasn't a surplus of flavors available, but they had what I wanted.  Having the main flavors of yogurt available is almost better than having way to much and making the choice an even more difficult task. Tips:  *  Try the little cheese cake cubes for a topper.. .mmmm!  *  If you are inside Tropicana and can't find it.  Just follow the signs to Nikki Beach.
5	Hidden little gem off the beaten track.  I love their gelato, especially dark chocolate, coconut, mango and mixed berries.  It is unusually great taste for such a small place.  Go check it out.
