4	This is the new 2nd location located in Boca Park.  This is the same location that Phil's Cigar was at.  Was excited to have a close cigar lounge again.The staff is knowledgeable and always friendly, coffee or water is always offered.  The cigar selection is above average and stock is getting better every time I go in.  The usual selection from Altadis, General, and Fuente is plentiful.  In addition, a nice premium selection of Tatuaje, Ashton, Padron, Illusione, and other smaller manufacturers.  Having just opened up, new things are being added every day. The last time I was in they had just received some Tatuaje El Triumfador Lanceros! The lounge is still being updated, cigar lockers are being planned, and the humidor expansion was recently done.  The place has been expanded and ventilation has been added from the original layout back when it was Phil's. A front lounge area has been added with leather love seat and chair, along with an flat panel TV.
5	I am new to cigars so I learning and searching. The BF used to smoke often since his best friend is avid into it, but hasn't picked it up until our new love for spirits which go amazing with a cigar. We asked the lady for recommendations and she really took her time showing us some of her go-to smokes and a few things she thought fit the smoother, non spicy, medium bodied smokes we tend to favor. I do understand quality and rarity sometimes cost, but I appreciate that the selection here seems well rounded with some cheaper cigars as well as the top shelf ones. We ended up with 3 cigars and a humidor bag. One of the smokes she highly wanted us to try was sold out, but she wanted to show it to us and took it out of her personal humidor. Then she goes off and gives it to us which was really sweet since I seemed very interested after smelling it and how it fits the types of things that seem appealing. She sent us off with some cedar and matches too (and most places we've gone do not ask if we need any). I like that the humidor isn't overly crowded and seems very well kept. From the way she was talking, it sounds like the types of cigars get rotated out fairly often and come in fresh since they don't have stacks of it sitting around.We have been looking for a go-to shop with approachable and knowledgeable staff. It was nice to see a female, though not necessary for me to feel comfortable. However, once in a while I go into a shop and feel intimidated and most men will talk to the BF and his friends and I'm treated more like a "tag along" even though I am looking at cigars. This place is easy going and friendly which is a absolute must when we're talking about a hobby that can be overwhelming for a newbie. I feel comfortable asking questions here and know they have some well rounded experience in smoking the stock themselves.  We're in the Boca Park area and definitely will come back to this place first for our cigar needs.
5	Being someone who enjoys cigars, it is important for me to find the perfect cigar lounge--one that boasts an array of cigars at fair prices, offers a comfortable lounge with a good environment, and has knowledgeable and friendly staff. These are the key components to any cigar lounge and are all attributes of Tobacco Town. Now, I have been to a few cigar shops and lounges across Las Vegas, but this one is by far my favorite. To begin, they indeed do boast an array of cigars at fair prices. They have cigars for the first time cigar smoker--such as CAO Flavours, Baccarat, Tatiana, and other mild flavored, medium bodied cigars--as well as top shelf cigars--such as Cohiba, Fuente, Montecristo, Romeo y Julieta, Drew Estate, Padron, etc...--for the seasoned cigar smoker, all at very fair prices. Tobacco Town carries a great selection of cigars which grows every month. Not only does this shop offer cigars and cigar accessories, they also offer a large selection of pipes, over 75 flavors of pipe tobacco, (The Rainbow Location), and pipe accessories. Every pipe I own, I have purchased from Tobacco Town. Next is the comfortable lounge, one of my favorite attributes of the shop. The two locations have similar lounges; I am reviewing the Boca Park location. Inside, there are two lounges, one in the front and one in the back. In the back lounge there are two leather seats and a leather sofa facing a large LCD flat screen TV with cable. In the front lounge is the same thing minus one chair. They also offer outdoor seating with a fold out table and chairs for when you choose to enjoy a cigar outside on a beautiful day.  Finally is the knowledgeable and friendly staff. Now, the staff is different, of course, in both lounges; however, every staff member at either lounge will be friendly, personable, and knowledgeable. Because I live closer to the Boca Park location, I am more familiar with the staff there and am reviewing the staff at this location. From the first day that I purchased a cigar at Tobacco Town, I realized how valuable the staff members are to the lounge experience. Many of you whom have been to several other lounges may agree that some cigar shops and lounges have staff that are either unfriendly, unknowledgeable, or both. This is absolutely not the case with the staff here. I have been a regular at this lounge for only about six months, and I have already made very good friendships with those whom work there, even to the point where I have met their families and been invited to their homes. It is extremely rare to find such a wonderful group of people at any kind of place, and is indeed a pleasure to be a part of such an amazing business. In business it is a basic principal that customer service is a key element to any company, and boy does this lounge have it. In all, whether you are looking for your first cigar, finding a place to smoke your next cigar, or simply searching for the perfect cigar shop and smoking lounge, Tobacco Town is the perfect place to go.
4	OK , so I am not a smoker but i find cigars interesting. I spent some time at Tobacco Town on Saturday afternoon. I got educated. I, like most women find the atmosphere a little intimidating at first. Than along comes Harriett, she takes the mystery away enough to ease you into the intimate world of Las Vegas cigar lounges. Follow her into the humidor and ask all about what is in there or go in by yourself and pick out something. She will walk you through humidors, lighters, cutters all the nuances of enjoying cigars.  She makes it very sexy in a way... visit and you will see what I am talking about. I have much more to learn. Ill be back to see Harriett pick out a cigar and enjoy it in the lounge as there is no smoking in my house
5	Really enjoyed this place.Knowledgable staff ready to give strong recommendations.
5	Shopping for a gift for my brother-Inlaw, knowing nothing about cigars and was very intimidated. So glad I came here, they were so friendly and helpful. Even gift wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper for me. Wonderful experience.
4	The 1st cigar shop I have attended in Vegas and I have to say I'm impressed. The staff is super cool and the selection is very nice. The price points are right in line with some of the better deals on cigars. After chatting with the guys here I returned one Sunday with a fresh brew from Starbucks and purchased a La Fleur Airbender. The place is a little tight on space but they have a great atmosphere and really cool customers. A bigger more private lounge would be nice but overall this place is tops and I will definitely make this my occasional Sunday stop to drink a cup and enjoy a smoke!
4	Located in Fashion Village, this place is great! It's a tiny little shop filled with friendly customer service and a great variety of goods. We stopped in to check out their pipe tobacco and left 2 ounces later - spending only $8.50!
4	This is the new 2nd location located in Boca Park.  This is the same location that Phil's Cigar was at.  Was excited to have a close cigar lounge again.The staff is knowledgeable and always friendly, coffee or water is always offered.  The cigar selection is above average and stock is getting better every time I go in.  The usual selection from Altadis, General, and Fuente is plentiful.  In addition, a nice premium selection of Tatuaje, Ashton, Padron, Illusione, and other smaller manufacturers.  Having just opened up, new things are being added every day. The last time I was in they had just received some Tatuaje El Triunfador Lanceros! The lounge is still being updated, cigar lockers are being planned, and the humidor expansion was recently done.  The place has been expanded and ventilation has been added from the original layout back when it was Phil's. A front lounge area has been added with leather love seat and chair, along with an flat panel TV.
5	I'm new to buying cigars and I stopped in here to pick up something different or special. My first visit two weeks ago I left with a cigar recommended that was terrific. This last week J.C was working and was very helpful with asking about my tastes and what brands I've smoked before. The first cigar he recommended was the "My Fathers" cigar I had tried the week before. He talked me through a few different brands and I left with a few different cigars to help me learn what I like. He even printed me out an itemized receipt so that I had a "list" of the cigars I had tried. This kind of customer service was exactly why I went here instead of a liquor store to buy my cigars.
4	Great cigar shop.  Very similar to the store on S. Rainbow, but it did seem that the prices were a little higher at this location.  Over all another great location that I'll definitely will visit again!
5	After bouncing back and fourth between different cigar shops in town, I'm certain that this location is my favorite. They always seem to be better stocked than everyone else, and the staff is very helpful.
5	One of my favorite B&Ms in Vegas. Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Nice lounge in back and some seating up front with big screens in both areas. Prices are reasonable.
5	I have been coming here for a couple of years now. The prices are fair, the selection is excellent. If you have a favorite stick that they don't carry just ask and they may be able to order it for you. I did that with a cigar that another shop turned me on to. Now this is the only place in town to carry the Oja line. The staff is very knowledgeable and the customers are friendly, just say hi and introduce yourself. This is a very relaxed shop with two small lounge areas. There is a small selection of drinks for sale, but if you want something special bring it with you (they don't mind). My only constructive criticism is that the TVs could be bigger. Come by and check it out!
5	Great shop... Good selection... Nice layout... I will definitely be stopping by this place again when I'm in need of some more stogies.
2	Some good cigars. The selection of excellent cigars is limited.   The humidor is a little cold for storage. It's freezing.   We'll see what else is in Las Vegas.
