2	Well,I was hoping for better.I was pretty excited about this place opening up in my 'hood, and I met some friends here for happy hour.The service started out on a bad note.  When we entered, there were four or five employees congregated around the front entrance, and all greeted us with a friendly hello.  However, once we sat down, our table wasn't approached for approx 5 minutes.  But, this place just opened, and I know new restaurants have kinks to work out, so I'll let that slide.Onto the happy hour menu.  Happy hour only has discounted drinks, which disappointed all of us as we do enjoy discounted apps, etc.We ordered a few drinks, two appetizers and one salad entree.  For appetizers we ordered the Tuscan plate and the green chili cheese dip.  The Tuscan plate was alright, though we would have preferred a mix of different meats and different cheeses maybe (it comes with a goat cheese, salami, roasted red peppers, olives and crostini)The green chili cheese dip comes with crostini and tortilla chips.  The cheese dip tasted very similar to velveeta cheese dip... which, luckily, I love.  Well, we all love.  But it's not exactly what I expect to be served at a restaurant I guess.  Camille H ordered the Mexican salad, and it was good- but overly dressed.  Now, the atmosphere.  Like many other places in this part of Ahwatukee, this place seems to be geared towards older clientele.  We all ended up commenting on the music situation, as it seemed..... well.... not very hip I guess? I assume that the kinks with the service and food will be worked out with time.  However, I won't be returning unless the happy hour is revamped and the music selection is changed!
4	Great service, decor, and fun menu.This new little Bistro is a foodies heaven. Their 1st day had to be crazy but they got our order out in timely fashion and got the order correct. For me: a Tino's Salad with their lick-the-bowl cider dressing. This comes with beets, goat cheese and bacon. All of which are delicious, but the tiny shred of beets would be so much better left BiGGER and the bacon was too hard to enjoy. Still, I'd order it again. My friend: Chop Salad with their Greens Blend lettuce. Love the fact you can choose from Spring Mix or their Kale, arugula Greens Blend! We shared: Olives with Goat Cheese & Pesto which was very tasty on crostini. Lots of olives come in a bowl topped with a delicious blend of tasty spread.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our first  visit to the Perfect Pear on Thursday night.  We ordered a variety of the offerings and were quite pleased.  We had everything from apps, to salads, to sandwiches, to entrees.  Everything tasted very fresh and the quality of ingredients utilized were impressive.  We did suggest a balsamic glaze for the original bruschetta, but otherwise, the cuisine was spot on.  We always order our salad dressings on the side, so there's never room for overdressing.  The food presentation was very nice.  We were happy with the wines-by-the-glass and the beer selections.  There was a robust crowd and it was clear everyone was enjoying their experience.  The music selection was also fine for us.  They have to try to please everyone, and that is a difficult task when you have a wide age range of patrons.  We liked the ambiance, and the wait staff and owners were very attentive to our needs.  The prices were reasonable, and we will definitely be returning again.  For it being their first week in business, we were quite impressed with the restaurant overall.
3	Pretty good food and value.  A couple of things that need to happen:  they serve pasta dishes but don't provide bread.  They have no dessert options at this time.  I will be back when these are corrected.
4	Decided to give this a try today.  Not disappointed at all.  The Signature and Perfectly Peared Bruschetta was very fresh and a great blending of flavors.  The Perfectly Grilled Cheese Sandwich was delicious with the spiced pear bread.  The staff was very friendly and attentive as was Chris, the owner.  Will definitely be back.
5	This is a great addition to the neighborhood!!  Staff is friendly and well organized (unlike some other local establishments).  It would be nice if the location was a bit bigger, I expect that it will be very busy on weekends.I have had a couple of the appetizers, three different salads, and one if the sandwiches. All of them were tasty and a little unusual (in good ways). They have a decent selection of beers including my favorite Kiltlifter.The only slight negative is the lack of dessert options, but I know they are working on that...
2	We REALLY wanted to like this place because it's right down the street from us. It's a cute place, but the menu is very limited and the items we ordered were just ok. We tried the Philly Goat and Tuscan bruschetta. My husband enjoyed the Philly Goat, I felt like it should have been served hot (though I realize traditional bruschetta has a cold topping). The Tuscan was just ok. Each of us ordered a salad as our entree. He the Strawberry Fields and I the Tino's. Both were underwhelming. We each opted for the "perfect green blend" which was mostly spinach. The salads were average at best; I've thrown together far better myself and the dressing on the Tino had an odd flavor that I couldn't place, maybe from the cider.I would suggest that the "Choose the Perfect Pear" menu item allow for a 1/2 sandwich option, not just 1/2 pasta.Because we want to support neighborhood establishments, we will try it again. I'll try the Grilled Cheese next time. Hopefully it will improve with time.
4	Wow, what great addition to Ahwatukee. The the service and food was very good. I enjoyed a Pesto Chicken Sandwich, my wife had a fantastic salad. They extended the patio which is very nice at this time of the year. We will definitely go back...
5	I love this place!! Super healthy food with lots of options.  The owner, Chris, is dedicated to quality ingredients and it shows.  Im vegetarian and highly recommend the "harvest" sandwich. The thai hummus is the bomb!!  Im told this place just opened 4 weeks ago.. Going great so far!.. Ill be back for sure!
4	My friend and I walked to the Perfect Pear today.  We both had salads which were perfect.  This is a family business and NOT a chain.  Ahwatukee needs more places with some character and this fits the bill.  Great experience.
5	Nice decor, friendly staff
4	We saw these guys going up for a few months but hadn't been until this evening. To begin, let me say that the bad reviews I saw are most likely complainers wherever they go because we had zero issues except for the fact they had only one desert and I'm not a peach fan. Maybe they could get something light and cool befitting their AZ location. Anyway, the food was delicious, both salads and sandwiches of which there are several options for both. There is also quite a selection of appetizers, all of which were tempting but I didn't want to kill my appetite. They have a few wines one of which my wife had, a red blend which we were both fans of. My choice of a Kilt lifter was a good one. Our server was very nice and most attentive. There are two nice little patios with shading and a pleasant looking interior. We dine al fresco when the opportunity presents itself so we didn't venture inside but it was visible via the large windows. The weather was great and it looked like most people had chosen the patio. From the way I saw people eating it appears everyone was happy. Good people, good food, good drink, nice ambiance. Had they a desert selection I wanted this would have been a 5 Star review. We will most definitely be returning on a regular basis.
5	Went to the Perfect Pear on date night.  I felt like I was going to pass out the food was so good.  We had the black bean dip, Pear cobb and Pesto chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  To start the black bean dip was great perfect amount of cheese the gauc was chunky and a perfect flavor.  The pear cobb was excellent all the flavors matched perfect.  Pesto chicken was amazing the texture and flavor was a great match.  Last the sweet potato fries...  Well they were probably the best sweet potato fries I' ve ever had.   Drinks were very reasonable priced.  We will definitely be back.  Service was excellent and friendly.  Decorated nicely.  Great place!!
4	"Healthy and delicious!" This is our new favorite restaurant in awhatukee!  Loved all the appetizers, drinks, and entrees we have had so far!!
5	This place is great!  We have been here many times since it opened and have loved everything that we tried.  Tip~ the perfectly grilled cheese is the best you will ever have!  The bread is special and sweet and the cheese is brie........with other great stuff on it too.The salads are great and most items are very healthy.  Great for lunch or a casual dinner.  Perfect Pear is perfect!
2	We tried this restaurant because we are new to the neighborhood and love trying new places.  A few observations, wine prices were terribly exorbitant.  At $10 for a glass of no-name Riesling, I just can't seeing myself doing that again.  My family ordered 2 kids meals with grilled cheese, I had the Perfectly grilled cheese (reminded me of a Monte Cristo sans the meat) and my husband had a plate of Alfredo, for what we ordered  $65 including tip just seemed over the top.  I think this place wants to have a high end feel, but the lack of a formal bar (bottles were huddled together on the serving line) and the male owner walking around in FLIP FLOPS, detracts from the high-end feel (think Postino's) that this restaurant wants to achieve.  A few suggestions for the owners (who I recognized from their picture in the paper): DRESS PROFESSIONALLY, and introduce yourselves as the owners so you can get constructive feedback from your patrons.  You'd think that the owners are embarrassed for anyone to know the place is theirs.  Next, move the alcohol behind the counter so you can at least PRETEND you have an actual bar, and please offer wine specials, most people (like me) like to enjoy a glass of wine with dinner and if that part of my dining experience is cost prohibitive, then I won't go to that restaurant for the food.  Next, turn the music down.  Dining is a social experience and if I can't hear people at my table, I'd rather just go somewhere else.  Finally, improve the customer service, your waitresses (and the female owner) dropped things on the table then ran off before we could ask for things like napkins, condiments, etc.  I thought this type of service was very unprofessional and makes me hesitant to return.  Overall, this place has excellent food.  I hope they can make some minor tweaks to their establishment so that they can hang around for the long haul and be a place people can go to in Ahwahtukee for a great meal!
4	Great place for healthier food and great ambiance and service. We have gone twice and both experiences were wonderful. They have a great variety of salads, which the perfect salad blend is an excellent choice. The salads are larger and have the right amount of toppings w/option of chicken of salmon on them. We also tried the bruschetta, which was ok. We were expecting them to be toastier or warm, but still fresh toppings. I hope they do well, cause this will be a regular place for us.
5	A must try!!  if you like fresh food. I too rushed home to write a review but with a totally different take from earlier reviewer.  This place is great!  Love love loved it!  I will definitely be a regular here. There were 5 of us that stopped in for lunch but told them that we were really short on time.  Top quality service. Great servers who know what they are doing.  The food was outstanding and I'm a picky foodie.  Loved the French onion soup with 1/2 strawberry salad.  The iced tea was so refreshing!They even willingly split our checks 5 ways and they even performed well on time.  We left just 25 minutes later, full and satisfied.  We hope this new restaurant does well. Support your local small business:)
5	If you're looking for a local amazing restaurant to support- you need to check out the Perfect Pear Bistro.  The minute you step into the quaint establishment you are greeted with friendly people, soft music and an atmosphere that invites conversation and great fresh food.  Whether you're looking for a sandwich or salad or pasta, the food is fresh and good.  No TV's at this establishment- you actually get to converse with the person you're sharing a meal with.  The owner stopped by the table and genuinely wanting to know about our experience.  Even if you don't like in ahwatukee- it's worth the drive.  Let them know Debbie sent you.
3	First off, I love this place and the owners are super sweet and it's awesome to have something different besides loco and native. The food seems more consistent for eat in than carry out. Ordered take out again and for the 2nd time, my order was messed up by the kitchen and I had no dressing for my salad. With a four month old at home, going back for a corrected order is just too much trouble. If the kitchen could slow down and read the orders, it would make a huge difference as the person taking the order read it back and it was correct. The food is yummy and it is a new place so there are kinks to be worked out. If they could get my order right, I'd bump this review to four stars. In this day and age of customer service being near non-existent, a little attention to detail and service would set this restaurant above the rest in our little neighborhood! Hoping for good things for this place!
4	My husband and I stopped in yesterday to get food to go.  The bread on the perfect grilled cheese is fantastic.  We also tried two salads and both were great.
4	Dropped by for spinach dip and a drink. Good service and excellent food.  We have eaten here 4-5 times.  It is always really good.  I wish they would add just a sole burger to the menu. That would round out their offering.   Don't miss this place.
5	Fresh, healthy, delicious food! The staff is very friendly and the owners are awesome. Everything on the menu is delicious but there are a few things you must try if you come here- Creamy Mushroom Marsala Pasta, Perfectly Grilled Cheese,Wild Chop Salad,and theTuscan Bruschetta! Great selection of wine and beer.
5	Visited the Perfect Pear for the first time today -- can't wait to return and try something else on the menu.  I order the strawberry salad -- very good.  Love that, when ordering a salad, you're given a choice of greens.  And the Mushroom Marsala pasta -- AMAZING!  The peach-pear cobbler (made in-house) -- AMAZING!  Taste of the pear bread used to make one of the grilled cheese sandwich selections -- AMAZING.!  Somone in the group said the Tomato Bisque was the best they'd ever had.........  You really MUST try!
4	First time here.  It is great to have a restaurant close to home that serves fresh tasting food with great flavor.  Server was friendly and efficient.  Could not have asked for a better first experience.Nice variety of Salad/Sandwich/Pasta. I had the  Amatriciana with Chicken.  Pasta was perfect and the bacon sauce had just the right amount of spice. I wish I could have finished the bowl.  Wife had the Creamy Mushroom Marsala.  Another excellent dish that delivers the savory/sweet of any good Marsla dish. Again, pasta was cooked perfect. I would recommend either of these and look forward to trying the other dishes.  I will definitely be back and pray locals recognize a good restaurant and help support it.
5	Finally! A good, healthy bistro in the neighborhood that's not a sports bar!We had a late lunch for the first time there recently. I was pleasantly surprised....great service and the food was really, really good. Creative, fresh menu with lots of light options. Perfect for lunch or weekend brunch!
1	First off , my husband I and decided to try something new since this restaurant is close proximity to our home. We ordered dinner and wine. The chardonnay tasted like it was purchased t from CVS. Yet, we we charges as though it was a $50.00 bottle of wine..Absolutely, terrible. In fact,  it was recommend by the waitress.In addition every table had a candle and was lite, However, ours was not.. Ummmm Maybe, because we were African American.. Not to mention,the pasta dish with chicken was overcooked and bland...Then to top it off,!!!  Our car was KEYED BY SOME Redneck raciest  bastard!!!! Who does that in this day and age??!! Really, just some jealous idiot!! go get a job and by your own BMW... As for the dinner and drinks it sucked! We should have went  to the Livingroom in Chandler where there are classy people... Instead it costed us $550.00 for dinner!!
4	I liked this place.  Went with a group of friends on a Friday night for Happy Hour.  Got Michelob Ultra for $2.50.  Wine is $6 a glass.  No discount on mixed drinks.  I enjoyed the olives with goat cheese and crustini.  Great serving size and flavor for only $4.  Also had the 1/2 salad with 1/2 pasta.  Got the strawberry salad and forgot to ask for no bacon so I couldn't eat it.  The waitress did not offer to remake it so I just brought it home for hubby.  Tried the mushroom marsala pasta and it was the best part of the night..  Seriously YUM!The worst part was that there is only one bathroom so we often had to wait for someone to come out of the ladies room to be able to go in.
5	one of Ahwatukee's best Love this place - try the BLTa
5	From the moment we entered the staff was very nice opening the door for me & my friend. Our server was so friendly and answered all our questions. I ordered the green tea which was so tasty & refreshing. For lunch I ordered the grilled cheese which was so delicious on the pear bread.
5	Came in from Calgary during the Christmas Holidays...Perfect Pear was recommended by my husband's dad...We had lunch with the kids the afternoon we arrived, and couldn't have had a better start to our trip.Best lunch, wine/beer & atmosphere!The owners came over to chat with us...very nice people and made us feel completely at home, especially with 2 little ones.We went back for another lunch before we came back to Calgary, and same experience.I'll be going there first thing when I arrive in May!A definite favorite!
4	Arrived on a Weds evening and there were still a few 4-top tables available - yay!  There were only 2 of us but I need a little elbow room when I'm trying a place for the first time.Service was excellent.  Our server was polite, attentive, able to provide insight on several dishes and even had some personal favorites which is always helpful.  She also laughed at our jokes which made her even more charming (haha).Starter: Thai Hummous plate LOTS of veggies I would get this for HH next time with my chick friends who want to be healthy but also "happy".Salad: Perfect Pear Classic was lightly dressed, very fresh, tasty.Main Dishes:  I would prefer Shrimp with my Roasted Garlic Alfredo but I settled for chicken and it was moist and tasty and a good sized portion.  The sauce was light and flavorful not greasy or heavy.  Nicely done, would order again as it did not weigh me down!My companion carnivore was a little disappointed not to see more "meat" entrees to sink his teeth into (in his world its not a "face" that make it meat - its a Hoof)  the owner allowed us to make a plea and appeared to take it under consideration.  Stay tuned for our next visit!WOULD RETURN.  WILL RETURN.  Think Local, Eat Local, Spend Local.
5	I'm in love with this little place!  I would eat more salads if they all tasted this good. And they're bigger than big. The pear cobb salad is my salad of choice- check out the huge real bacon "bits" in my photo!  Small family bistro with friendly friendly staff- and who doesn't love a small family shop??!!  The owner, Chris, always says hi and cares. Eat here & feel good!PS.... Their grilled cheese is fantastic.
2	Just ok. I had the Italian Rigatoni. It was very bland. Could have used some salt but, apparently, having salt on the table is beneath them. Also, the rigatoni was supposed to have Italian sausage in it but I didn't see any.
1	So, disappointing, I can't tell you. I live in walking distance and wanted for months to stop in. I finally walked in yesterday (Sunday) at around 4:00pm. Sat outside on the patio overlooking the parking lot and road. Ever since My Big Fat Greek Restaurant closed near by, I've been desperate for a consistent "go to" for noshing and drinks. Perfect Pear is a faux bistro with no bar, no charm and zero ambience. The restaurant smelled like smelly cheese - maybe cheap grated romano - so the patio was the escape. The menu offers typical easy-to-make, low risk, but high profit dishes. The drink menu is pedestrian and boring. No buttery chards and warm room temp reds. The waitress thought Pinot Gris was a misprint and apologized !?! So, the foodie in me already knows the pasta selections are embarrassingly ill conceived, so think American corporate like Chili's or Carraba's. So, what to do? Well, order something that few restaurants can screw up --- bruschetta!!  Trendy, high profit, easy with fresh ingredients. The Classic came on soggy focaccia, hardly toasted, with tasteless, off-red tomatoes with red onion and julienne'd basil (not torn). Then, (get this) topped with cheap-of-the-cheap romano cheese (see above). Any shot at being edible was ruined by the grated romano. The Chef must have zero culinary instincts or just doesn't care because there is no real competition in the area. Unforgiveable. The Lolita was actually worse. Please don't say "avocado" when you really mean a brown guac spread. We ordered the olives and pesto goat cheese. Why ruin pesto with goat cheese? The crostini with the olives was the best part of the meal. My partner reconstructed the bruschetta using the crostini and the edible parts of what was served. I marvel at new owners who seemingly don't avail themselves of the basic "how to's" and "do's and dont's" of culinary. Please -- owner and chef -- do a dine around in Phoenix, take the entire week and then re-vamp your concept and menu. I'll be back in (3) months because I refuse to go to Native New Yorker. I'm serious. Much luck.   D
4	I have eaten here several times.  The service has always been prompt and efficient.  If something is wrong, it is quickly corrected.  It is nice to be able to choose from 2 greens mixes for the salads.  All items are fresh and well prepared.
1	Sorry very inconsistent salmon was once under cooked and then over cookedTake out orders lost and wait staff had poor attitude.  On good days food is goodThey need to be more consistent and change attitude when they make mistakes
2	A fun place to go to try something new. The restaurant itself is cute and an experience in itself. The flavors were a little bland for my taste though.
1	Not so perfect portions.Ordered soup to go last night, the same as I have done 2 previous times, at $5 a pop you would expect a full container as per the previous visits, but no, under half the usual amount, it was clear from the mess down the side of the to go container that soup had been poured out.....If portion sizes are being reduced and they are still charging the same price, we will not be backSoup by the way, was excellent, what a shame.April 2014 update : photo of half empty soup container was deleted by Yelp.
5	Went for happy hour, great food and wine! Nice and relaxing setting as well. Will be back!
5	Visiting from California and decided to stop off here!!! OMGGGG WHAT A GREAT CHOICE! Friendly staff, clean restaurant inside and out, DELICIOUS/HEALTHY/GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS.... Needless to say, I LOVED IT! I would highly recommend this place!
5	Super food, great family friendly environment which works for those with kids, those on dates or those just chillin'! Macaroni was great, and the grilled cheese  was super good. Owner was nice and introduced himself - servers paid extra attention to our kids. Overall great place and great addition to Tukee!
5	This is an excellent place with a different menu of salads and sandwiches reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is great and the staff strives to make you feel like an honored guest.  I highly recommend this place to get away from the usual Phoenix fare of chain restaurants.
1	We ate there several times and THE food was very good. Three weeks ago we went back and ordered the Bruschetta specifically Bat a Bing.....They removed the garlic and it was soggy.....we departed very disappointed.How or why would anyone remove garlic form a Bruschetta..........I'm done
5	The great thing about Perfect Pear is that there are a bunch of great options to choose from! I got the 1/2 pasta 1/2 salad dinner and it was awesome! Even though it says half, the portions are still pretty generous. Cam and I shared the Classic and the Tuscan Bruschetta and it was pretty good! I liked the change up of the bread from the normal sliced baguette style. The Chipotle Tomato cream sauce pasta was pretty good but I loved the Wild Chop Salad! I obviously recommend this place and can't wait to go try more of the menu!
4	Came here for breakfast and ti was wonderful, I enjoyed a mimosa and some incredible pear French toast.  Service was very good, I will definitely come here again
4	Great location in the foothills, good food and service. Management is very attentive and professional. Will be back!
3	Almost. This place is an almost. It's almost really good. We have been there a couple of times. The menu looks good but the food never lives up to my expectation. They have been out of things several times. The service is ok and my toddler liked the sweet potato fries a lot so there's that. I'll give it another chance.
3	I would have liked to give Perfect Pear more stars, but just felt like I could not do so. My friend and I went to lunch on Friday.   We arrive around 12:30 pm and did not get lunch until around 1:20 pm.  Yet the table next to us came in around 1:10 pm and got all their meals around 1:30 pm.   The food was great, but to wait almost an hour is just not acceptable.  I think I will return for lunch, but would hope management, knowing someone waited so long (Owner stopped by our table and apologize telling us we came in at the tail end of lunch) would have at least compensated the ice tea. Also, the dining room is too dark and needs more natural light.
5	Lets see it would be easier to list what I don't like about this place. Not open for all meals and 24 hrs. That's it. No really, the place is cute, well thought out, not over committed to menu, delivers repeatedly to your expectations, fresh, healthy ok I will stop. I like the owners to. Go to this place.
5	Brunch was PEARFECT!  The paradise in Tukee was awesome!!!!!!   Best place for brunch!!!!!!!
5	Brunch at perfect pear was awesome!!  I loved the pancake that tasted like cinnamon YOU WILL LOVE IT!!
5	Just moved into this area from not too far away and was looking for a great local place and I found it. Great food, excellent selection of wine and beer. Love to support local business.
5	Great service, comfortable ambiance, a wonderful place to meet up with friends for a long "catching up" lunch.  The Curry Chicken soup is "to die for!"
1	I just don't get this place.  I know some people like it and I've given it more than 1 try but it's pretty simple.  the food is not that good.  Specifically, the pasta is cooked with a LOT of butter and cream sauces, which makes the meal fatty and filling.  In addition, the service is just not good.  We waited and waited.  We split a meal and they charged us to do it. SOME Redneck raciest bastard!!!!I don't recommend this place and I won't be going back.
4	Boulder is an awesome chef. This place serves wonderful dishes that are flavorful, fresh, and not over-the-top-trying-to-impress-and-be-different. We had a lovely meal!
1	Let me start by saying the good is very good, almost fantastic. We were greeted right away by the manager she even open the door for us then seated and waited 10 minutes for menus another 10 minutes for drinks and 30 minutes or incomplete orders. everything would be fantastic at this restaurant minus the service.  the teenage kids cooking in the kitchen do not pay enough attention to the tickets and food was consistently wrong it's unfortunate because it would be a fantastic restaurant.
5	I was referred by a co-worker, we work just around the corner and always looking for new lunch spots. We went to their new location on Ray and Priest.I ordered the bacon & jalapeno grilled cheese to-go and it was so delicious. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new and flavorful.
5	I've had apps, soups, sandwiches, salads, and pasta and have yet to find something I didn't love. Healthy, fresh and flavorful food served up in an open, airy dining room. Crispy grilled cheese sandwiches with bacon are pretty awesome. The salads are creative and seasonal, quesadillas are delish, and the green chile mac & cheese is the bomb!
2	I'm happy to see that a business seems to finally be making it in this location after so many have failed. Ahwatukee, the Foothills in particular, is in dire need of more dining options that aren't pizza or a chain.  As a rule, I avoid new restaurants until they've had a couple of months to iron out the kinks, but I'd been hearing good things about Perfect Pear for a while, so last night, my daughter and I went for dinner. I really wish that I could say that I'm excited to return, but in truth, I probably won't dine there again.We encountered the first glitch of the evening as soon as we entered. No one was at the front to greet us, nor was there a sign indicating that we should seat ourselves. So for five minutes, we stood there by the entrance feeling a bit foolish. I passed the time by looking at the laminated menu (which gave me pause--I understand the practical aspects of lamination, but, gosh, they really evoke places like Dennys, not a restaurant that clearly is trying to be much more than that). While we waited for someone to direct us, I made eye contact with someone working in the partially open kitchen, but he just ignored us. I told the young lady who eventually seated us that it was our first visit, and that I had no idea whether or not we were supposed to seat ourselves.  I don't think she took my point.To my relief, our server arrived almost immediately to take our drink orders. Yay!The menu is limited to starters, salads, pasta and sandwiches, which seems perfectly in line for a bistro, and each category has good variety of offerings. On our server's recommendation, I ordered the Tukee Pear quesadilla to begin the meal.  It came out to the table fairly quickly and was really big. And delicious looking--the tortilla was perfectly crisped and puffed up and contained just the right amount of its filling of pear, bacon, arugula and pepper jack. It was so good, I even convinced my ultra-picky child to try it. The spicy dipping sauce (sour cream-based, I believe) complemented it nicely.  So our meal was off to a really good start.For my dinner, again on the server's recommendation, I ordered the Wild Chop salad made with their baby green blend (kale, spinach, arugula) with salmon added. I should add here that I LOVE salad. In fact, it's kind of my litmus test for restaurants. I don't care how good the rest of the meal is, if the salad--even just a house side--is some depressing affair thrown together like an afterthought, then whoever is running the kitchen isn't paying attention to the details. That never bodes well.  When the salad *is* the meal, you should expect that just as much care goes into it as any other dish.This salad landed with an absolute thud. Sadly, the two smallish pieces of salmon were so overcooked, desiccated and hard. This poor fish had been done a grave injustice. Still, I decided to give the rest of the salad a try before throwing in the towel.I suspect that whoever made my salad doesn't much care for them. What a mess. The greens on top were dry, making me wonder if someone forgot to dress them. There also appeared to be no thought put into the composition of the dish--the greens were randomly topped with a tablespoon or two of plain quinoa, a few long pieces of soggy cucumber and roasted bell pepper, a sad lump of crumbled feta... I took a bite of the greens and couldn't taste any pesto dressing. When I dug down, though, I realized that it hadn't been left off after all--it was all just at the bottom, alas. So some of the salad was under-dressed and rest was drenched. At that point, I just put my fork down and said, "This is pitiful."Meanwhile, my daughter was pigging out on the huge side of seriously good crinkle-cut sweet potato fries that came with her (not) Perfectly Grilled Cheese, which, like my salmon, was terribly overcooked. We could both see that one side of it was pretty charred, but, hey, charred bread can still be tasty. Just not this time. I don't know if the spiced pear bread was a little stale to begin with or if it just suffered during cooking, but the sandwich was really tough and dry. None of the ooey gooey lusciousness I'd expected. My daughter had gamely eaten one half, but abandoned it for the fries. It wasn't until I tried a bite that I realized how bad the sandwich actually was. I let her open up the remaining half and eat the cheese and bacon. I ate some of the bread, anyway, because I was hungry.To the restaurant's credit, our server handled the salad problem gracefully, apologizing and removing it from the bill. I had a bowl of okay tomato soup instead. I didn't bother complaining about the sandwich, since most of it was eaten. I'd hoped that the Perfect Pear would become my go-to neighborhood place for dinner. But I just don't have faith that the kitchen is paying attention to everything that comes out of it. That's a shame.
5	Very delicious & healthy. I came here for lunch with a group. We all had salads and sandwiches. Everything was very good and healthy. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and would definitely recommend it.
4	Sometimes I like eat healthy for lunch,  but its not easy for me to find something healthy and at the same time agreeable with my tastes. Perfect Pear Bistro perfectly corresponds my preferences on healthy food.A lot of tasty salads,sandwiches. Pasta isn't that healthy, it seemed kind of fatty and did not taste very well. So i just do not order it anymore.   Another benefit of this place is that you don't have to waste a lot of money here and still get a high quality food and experience pretty good service. Definitely recommend it to everyone. You will enjoy it, maybe even the pasta, i am not just a big fan of it.
5	Just finishing my leftovers from last night's delicious dinner and felt moved to send out some virtual praise. Yes, the extras were that good. Here's the deal: for the price, the best pasta and salad place in town. Yes, there are more upscale restaurants, but for $11 total, I had a bowl of the following amazing salad--spinach, baby kale, arugula, with hazelnuts, diced pears, blue cheese, dried cranberries, and red onion, all lightly dressed and nicely balanced...AND a bowl of creamy mushroom Marsala pasta, which was rich but not overly heavy. The house wine was ok, about what you'd expect for five bucks. The service was cheerful and attentive. Overall, a nice local place, not pretentious, and very good at what they do. And yes, plenty of good vegetarian options. Hurrah!
5	What an amazing restaurant. Great food! Not to mention the owners and staff are so friendly. Its the perfect little gem for the Ahwatukee Foothills.
4	My wife and I had great expectations of Daniel. .after reviewing it, we waited until the exact 30 days prior to book online. It did not disappoint..on the contrary, one of the best dinner we have had so far.
