3	Ran in here to check for office supplies of a specific nature, didn't find it all, note cards, for $1 but nothing else on my list, it's a hit or miss kinda place for what I needed.  Found was really nice holiday decorations to add to the office mix, so wasn't a full waste of time.  The store was clean, seemed well stocked, and items stacked neatly on shelves.  Not like some stores, there seems to be certain times of the day it's kept up.
3	It's a Dollar Tree. Pretty alright i suppose.
4	Shop til you drop!! LOL!Sooo my son and I love to go here because theres sooo many treasures you can find for a buck! His favorites are the cheap, gonna break in 2 days, toys! They have a wide variety of children's toys and BOOKS! What I love is that they have a lot of educational flash cards, coloring books, and materials teachers can use!!In addition to toys, books, and personal hygiene crap they also have plate-ware! I dig the clear bowls and square plates and they have them here for one 1$ each!! SCORE!! I bought like 5 of each and they are still going strong!! They have other plates and cups with designs which is rad! I also hit up the cutlery, although not the best itll do for a dollar!!We also just sometimes come here to spend 5$ and just buy fun things, my son enjoys the outing with me : )The cashier is a Lakers fan(Go Nuggets!!) and whenever I go in we talk about basketball! Hes a sweet and very friendly dude (night one) The store is always clean and very quiet!!
4	This is where I go to get a nice birthday card for fifty cents - and wind up spending $15 bucks!  What an array of things you never thought you needed, don't really need at all, but end up buying because, hey, it's just a dollar.Why pay Walmart's exorbitant prices :) for things like flashcards, kindergarten alphabet and math practice books, manila mailing envelopes, candle holders, no-name food, and holiday junk?  Confession:  I just sold a bud vase on EBay I bought a couple of years ago at Dollar Tree, and reaped a 100% profit.While you can find pretty much the same stock at all Dollar Tree branches coast to coast, some are better than others.  Example: a few that take credit cards don't accept MasterCard, just Visa.  Why?  I have no clue.  All DTs are corporate-owned, so it makes no sense.  And I've just noticed that the greeting cards now have two price points:  there's a new collection of classier cards that cost a buck each.  My main gripe with Dollar Tree is that 99.999% of all merchandise is Made in China.  I think it used to be 100%, until the toothpaste scandal hit.  Now toothpaste may be the ONLY thing that isn't.  But I think it's made in Canada ;)
3	I frequent a lot of Dollar Tree stores around Vegas and this one is the road less traveled, despite being only minutes from home. It's pretty cool. The upkeep of the store is pretty good. Never messy and very organized. The only downside to this location is that it seems they never get anything new. When I visit other locations, I always come across something new and different. When I come here, it's the same stuff. I tend to come to this one if I am on a mission, know exactly what I want and remember seeing it there once upon a time. But, in it's defense, I can say that I went today for a picture frame, walked out with about $15 worth of stuff!
5	Surprisingly, the Dollar Tree has some nifty little finds... especially around the holiday season.  Cute coffee mugs, wrapping paper, ornaments.  The employees are usually pretty nice, although the only interaction I've ever had with them is through the checkout line.
3	Wow, a dollar store that sells things for a dollar. Not 1.99 or 10.00 like other so-called dollar stores. Being a snob I never frequented dollar stores in the past, but the recession will change a person. These days I'm shocked at what a dollar can buy. While the name-brand traditionalist in me prefers Pine Sol, I can do a little $1 Pine Glo or Fabuloso on occasion. This go-around I bought some dinner plates, household odds and ends and cleaning supplies. I only buy things that are simply made- no mechanical parts that can break and no knock-off batteries- ever.
5	Love their dishes and cups!
4	I've found some great deals here.. I have my staple products that I buy from the dollar store, far as cleaning products and cheap seasonal decorative items , but I've actually found a few things here that I didn't expect to find and for a dollar!!! Yippee!
4	Wow, I've never been to such a friendly dollar store before! They actually greet you on the way in!After stopping at the dollar tree in the shopping center off S Rainbow, and the 99 cent store there as well, my girlfriend and I were desperate for a better place. Those two were just disgusting, like gross enough to not want to shop there. This one on the other hand, was bigger than the other dollar tree, and a heck of a lot cleaner and more organized. It was easy to see why too! There were tons of employees, and every single one was super friendly and offering help. The selection was also fantastic. We found everything we wanted and even some more (inevitable when things cost a dollar). The kicker was that when we got to the line, there were about 4 people that were lined up at the one open register... They immediately opened a second register, and took us right away. This place is run really well, has great employees, and has all the selection I could want from a dollar store. Only one I'm going to from now on!
4	I love this place! I often forget to check in, but I can say I go here several times a month.Everything in the store is $1.00 or less. So it's a very affordable place to buy things for many occasions!They carry a wide variety of products. It's a great place for college kids or bachelors to shop. Because they have gardening items, dishes, silverware, glassware, kitchen gadgets, holiday decorations for all seasons, greeting cards, wrapping material, tools, toys, cleaning material, food, herbs and spices, canned products, and anything else you're looking for! I buy a lot of my herbs and spices there, and I also stop by for things I need for work. The staff is always very helpful, and friendly. They make the shopping experience much more enjoyable.The store is always very clean and organized! I can spend an hour walking through the store! I definitely would recommend this place to anyone.
5	What can I say? I love this place! Everything is for a $1. Very friendly staff. Always greeted while walking through the doors. Lots of fun crafty item for the kids.Today I noticed they have a new stock of nail polish. Couldn't help but to grab a few. Nice organized in it's own little section by color. My kids love coming here.
4	I love Dollar Tree and this is a particularly good location with plenty of selection and organized shelves.On this particular shopping trip, I was looking for decorations and other items for a baby shower I am hosting for a friend.I was able to find all sorts of paper plates, plastic silverware, decorations, gift bags, prizes, candy and serving platters. They have all the same stuff you'd find at any other Dollar Tree, but I found the inventory and cleanliness to make my shopping trip more enjoyable and conclave owner than usual.
