5	I'll admit upfront that my review is probably a little biased simply due to the excitement of discovering a newly opened bar and grill practically in my back yard. That being said, it was great to go to lunch today and discover that Lucky Lou's is good! Very good!If you're from the East Valley, you may already be familiar with Lucky Lou's, this was my first experience though and I am excited to have such a good place near by.The first thing to hit me walking was the layout and decor. Usually, I'm not the kind of person who really cares one way or another. As long as the place is clean, I'm good. With Lou's though, I was really impressed with the fun atmosphere, theme and design. The bar has a glass top, with different gambling table mats arranged underneath, complete with cards and chips. It's a great touch.The food was good too. They're on the lower end of the $$ scale. A burger and Guiness cost me about $14. I don't recall seeing anything on the menu more than $15 or $17, but I did notice that everything was offered in a generous portion.The service was fantastic. Attentive and friendly staff complimented by the manager who gave me a basket of fries on the house to go with my burger and side of pasta salad.They have happy hour M - F from 3 -6 and Sat,Sun from 12 - 6. In addition, they have $3 drink specials from 9 - close. I'm sure my excitement has come through clearly for Lucky Lou's. Not just because it's close, but it's a fun atmosphere with good food and good service. Looking forward to many more visits in the future.
5	I have been here twice within a week. It is just a short walk away but I am so glad there is a place close by that offers real food instead of just sandwiches. The atmosphere was really nice, it is dark inside but the tables are still well lit. When there isn't a sports game playing they usually play nice upbeat music.The food was very yummy, and surprisingly good, admittedly I was expecting mostly bar food but they have a really nice spread for very little money. The drinks there were also very good and on the cheap.The wait staff was friendly both times we went, the first time the manager came by and gave us $10 in gift chips for mentioning a 21st birthday coming up (poker chip gift cards). The turn around time for your food is a bit of a wait but they definitely seem to make their food to order, the have enough happening so you are not bored waiting.This place will definitely be a new hang out joint, can't wait to go back again.
2	The food was better than average.. Service was fine.. Beer was very overpriced and domestic beers like Sam Adams Boston Lager were included in the "Imports" menu for a premium price.  I mean a CAN of Tecate was $4.25. The bar takes up WAY too much space and the weird hostess kept walking around staring at everyone. I found the layout to be awkward and the place lacked the "fun" vibe. We ate our meal and left, having no desire to hang out for another round of overpriced drinks.
2	I , like Chris R, am excited for the new watering hole next door,but I am not as impressed. The service is average, so is the food and the patrons, because they all seem to know each other already, lack that friendly enthusiasm-more like watching TV at your uncles. I had a chicken sandwich and a couple beers on a Sunday and it was just that-a chicken sandwich and a couple beers on a Sunday! However; I am going back to give it another chance because I can WALK home! ;)
4	I've been here twice, great decor, cute & really friendly staff, and lots of really nice people to shoot the bull with. I've heard the food is really good too, but haven't tried much of it yet. I did try the french fry basket, it was nice and huge, and the hot wings are good, they use Franks, so if you like reg hot, get the hot. Happy hour specials are a good value too. Will return often.
4	We were looking for something different after a quick stop off at Chandler Mall and found this place.  Despite being tempted by the Spicy Pickle next door, we went ahead with Lucky Lou's.  The place wasn't very crowded and the waitress told us to sear ourselves and she quickly brought menus and got our drinks.  They had Coke instead of Pepsi, so I was happy.We started with this cajun shrimp app.  It was basically jambalaya without the rice.  It came with some toasted bread and was really amazing.  I would have rather just had jambalaya but this was a good starter.  I would order it again in a heartbeat.  It was about $12 though, which seems high for an app but it had about 8 very large shrimp in it so I guess I feel like I got my money's worth.Then I had a burger that was actually topped with pulled pork and cheese.  This was one of the stranger things on the menu so I had to try it.  The burger, by itself, wasn't very good.  It was cooked more medium-well than medium and was pretty flavorless.  The pork, however, was excellent.  There wasn't nearly enough bbq sauce to make the whole thing work though.This place has quite a menu.  Full of sandwiches, burgers, salads, and a few random Louisiana-style meals.  There seems to be something for everyone here but I feel like you may need to micromanage the preparation of the meals.  Everything is just ALMOST there.  If they had added rice to the app it would be been perfect.  If they had spiced up the burger, it would have been perfect.  I just feel like they are almost there.  I might go back, but I think I'll try the pickle place before I go here again.
3	Based off of the burger that I ordered, I would have given this place a 2 star review, however, the saving grace was the cajun shrimp app, which was more like a 4 star dish.  We were starting to get really hungry while making some runs around the Chandler area and we wanted to keep with our trend of always trying something new over the weekend.  That led us here, to Lucky Lou's.It was pretty empty when we came in, but people trickled in a little bit more as time passed, but still, pretty empty.  Our waitress was friendly and gave us some monstrous Diet Cokes, so she didn't really need to come back often for refills.  We ordered our meal, the Cajun Shrimp app and a burger of some sort for each of us.  The shrimp app, like I said earlier, was quite good.  Like Glenn, I feel like this dish would be much better and more well received if it were labeled as an entree and served with rice.  The sauce was flavorful and slightly spicy and the toast served with it was buttery and yummy.  The burger was a big fail though.  It was tough, overcooked, and lacked any sort of discernible flavor.  The fries were pretty good though!Eh, I probably won't come back, but mostly due to the location.  I would however, be willing to give them another shot if we were out and about in this area and couldn't find anything else new to try.
3	Came here after a day of wild flower hunting in the Superstitions- it was a Wed. so all of us ordered the baby back bbq rib special.  Not especially memorable.  What I did like was the cole slaw made from purple cabbage and vinegar with some black pepper.  No mayo, extremely light, healthy and delicious.  The cole slaw was the saving grace.  This place was so unmemorable to me that I forgot the name of the restaurant and had to do a search for bbq in Chandler.  When I can't remember the name of a restaurant, that tells it all
4	Great food...blackened chicken sandwich and philly cheesesteak are both great...oh and they have tater tots :)
3	Needs some fine tuning.I was impressed with the attentiveness of the service, as I ate a meal here and then moved to another table outside to drink a beer and catch the Suns game on another one of the flatscreens. The person I ordered from even found me and asked if I needed another beer... perfect. Paying up was a little awkward since I couldn't remember who my server was (although the person who took my order was doing double-duty as the bartender and was apparently indisposed when I went to pay). Either way, I got the impression that the staff here really cares and even covers for one another without hesitation to make sure the customers stay happy.Seems like a decent enough place to go to watch sports on the tube as the bar has several monitors all over the place (including outside on the patio, as I mentioned). The clientele seemed pretty friendly. I wasn't impressed with the food, however. I ordered a western burger, which should've been straightforward enough. The cook brought out the onion rings that were supposed to be on the burger separately, after realizing his mistake in omitting them. I'm glad he followed up and corrected the oversight, but the burger just wasn't tasty. Perhaps some seasoning issues need to be addressed to get the basic burger plate up to par.I'll probably stop by again and catch a game and a beer here sometime. But I'm not ordering the burger again. Hopefully, the rest of the menu fares better.
1	food poisoning from a medium rare hamburger. 'nuff said.excuse me while i go visit the porcelain god again. ugh.
4	Good place to have a beer, duck fart, or whatever you may fancy.  I am absolutely in love with their fried pickles. They are so far my favorite in the valley. Long sandwich style slices with a crispy light beer-esque batter.They also have some wonderful perogies on the menu. If you order a burger... you must try the red cabbage slaw as a side.I like going here to just have a low key night. Good place to watch sports too- that's just not really my scene.
4	Maybe it's because it's convenient and easy, but I am going to give Lucky Lou's four stars. Would I drive more than a 10 minutes to eat there? Probably not. However, the service is always good and the food is better than average. I especially enjoy their hamburgers, the caesar salad, and the buffalo chicken sandwich. I have also tried their fried pickles and they are worth the calories. However, I would not bother with the other appetizers unless it is happy hour because they are overpriced and underwhelming.
5	Everything is from local bakeries and butchers. Great staff and owners.  The ribs are greats and the steak sandwich is the best thing on the menu.
4	This is a great little sports bar and restaraunt. The food is excellent and the prices very fair. The service is also fabulous.
4	My Stepson brought us here, 'cause of the decent food, great value, very friendly staff, fast service, many TVs, pool tables & good friends ... what more could you ask.Try the grilled Chicken breast with 2 sides (I get double broccoli)... not fancy, just a great value and healthy alternative to the typical bar food found at other places.We drive from SE Gilbert to go here. As Mikey's brother always said... "Try it you'll like it!"
3	Checked out Lucky Lou's for happy hour last night.  I can't say that they have the best happy hour I've seen.  The good beer wasn't on special at all, and their "domestic" beers were all pretty much the crap I won't drink.  They also don't have a beer list to offer, so you had to try and remember everything the waiter said. The service was good, and friendly, and the food was decent, and not too expensive.One way I judge a happy hour is by how long we are there for, and this never turned in to happy hours.I'd need a special or something really compelling to go back.
4	So ever since moving here to AZ from CA I was hoping to find a local place where the servers/bartenders would know us, and the food and drinks would be legit... DING DING!!! Lucky Lous is awesome... I haven't had anything I wouldn't try again.  Usually share the wings and have some drinks.  Everything is fair priced and the staff cracks me up and is super friendly.  They have a good happy hour from 3-6 and then a drink special every night fro 9-closing.  Oh and they have fried pickles... I like to call them frickles but that's just me.  They are super tasty.  Hot as hell though, make sure you cut them before you get second degree burns on your tongue and lips.  On the wing side of things the Honey Hot ones are delicious but you won't be able to feel your lips after 2 or 3.  My fav is spicy bbq... mmmm
1	Decided to try it as it's close by and an alternative to my normal place Zipps right around the corner.  Walked in to a customer yelling at the top of his lungs threatening to beat another bar customer up in front of his mother who was ordering food from the bar.  The staff decided that looking at the floor and bussing tables was more important than controlling the atmosphere so we looked around for a few minutes and decided Zipps was a much more mature alternative.  Can't speak to the food, drinks, or service since we left but if you're looking for a place where a bar fight doesn't seem to concern the staff or the customer's too much...this is your place.
1	Customers are good. That's all.
4	Staff was friendly. I had their chicken tenders, asked them if they can make them hot buffalo chicken tenders. They were great! Nice and spicy. Their fries are really good too. Large portion sizes.  I will definitely be going back.
2	Waitress. the turkey burger is cold. Can you recook? We brought another. Ah, look, it's pink and uncooked. Sorry, we are learning the grill. That's my review. I hope it's better for you. Food is not a priority.
5	Ok so i had to update my previous rating on this place. Lou thanks for responding to my last post really means a lot that you read these and take action so with that in mind here is my update. I love this place Kyle and Lora are by far my favorite bartenders but you can't forget about Erin love her up beat and always fun attitude. Lou you have a great local bar here and thank you for the ice cold beer and great environment. By the way please bring back or let me know the days you have the potato soup it's freaking amazing.
4	The food was good, the drinks were ok and the service was adequate. Loved the atmosphere, good place for a few beers and hanging out for a game. I recommend to all my friends.
5	I'm a big fan. I was here last Saturday and had the best Bloody Mary I've had in a long time. I always forget about this place since it's kind of out of the way and not part of a large corner or strip mall area.  It's a nice, well put together sports bar that is clean, and not over the top.  The bartender (I think it was Kesha) and servers have always been friendly and on top of things. The fried pickles are super yummy and the salads are HUGE.  Our food has always come out timely without any issues.  Decor matches which is always nice since most places are hodgepodged together.  I haven't found anything wrong with this place really. Turkey cheese steak is awesome and so is the Pit Boss.  I recommend it as a nice neighborhood sports bar.
5	Went to Lucky Lou's this Saturday, and it was surprisingly quiet. For a non-steak place, we had a good prime rib dinner with fast and pleasant service. They even welcomed and brought out water for our 120lb dog. We will definitely go back again!
2	Tonight I had the special - pulled pork quesadilla.  It's the tortilla, pulled pork, green chiles and chess with a garnish of shredded lettuce and chopped tomatoes.It was okay, but I think I prefer chicken or beef over the smokey flavor of pulled pork.The french fries here are not good.And the burger apparently tasted like one of those patties you purchase in bulk at Costco.  Server wasn't bad.Beer options were okay.I understand the cocktail selection was pretty good because they had some of the most current liquors needed to make one of the latest cocktails.
5	Very nice staff and always a good time.  My husband and I stop in about once a month and are always happy with the food, drinks, and service.  Hopefully they will start carrying Malbec, and we'd be in a little more  ;)
1	I've gone here for months now and had acceptable service, although it was not busy.  Bartender Erin is very nice and a great employee.  Not a good place to watch football. They only had the cardinals game on a handful of tvs. I asked the manager to change a big tv to the cardinals game in an area not being used. He wanted the vikings game on despite no objections from any surrounding fans. In fact, he started to blame me by saying he told me the game would be on 2 bar tvs! Sorry, but my group grew and wasn't going to be able to sit at the bar.  They were not able to accommodate my group of 5 near a TV bigger than 20" with the cards game on it! Poor customer service, this is phoenix guys, you gotta support the cardinals!  This was a major disappointment for this bar and I will take my patronage elsewhere!
1	Gave this place another shot with my wife.  Food was ok, good wings.  The crowd herr is very strange.  There is a very clear group of older aged regulars that make this bar uncomfortable.  My wife and I almost felt unwelcomed and witness people  being asked to move (and leave!) to make room for them. The layout is also strange and isnt very good for large groups.  Theres many other better options within a mile...
5	This is our new favorite place for game watching. The food is fantastic and there is a wide variety. Love the buffalo chicken sandwich! Prices are reasonable and value is fantastic. I would recommend to anyone.
3	The service is good. The wings remind me of when I attempted to make wings at home and failed terribly and the burgers defiantly have that taste of low quality frozen meat. Other items on the menu aren't so bad. All in all it's an "ok" place. One other thing "like most restaurants" they have adapted to charging $2.50 for a soft drink. It usually cost restaurants 12 cents for a fountain drink.
1	Food is not very good and they never change up their menu or soup selection. Employees seem like they don't want to be there and there's a ton of gossip behind the bar for us to hear. Don't think I will ever step foot in there again. my experience wasn't so LUCKY
4	Good food. Decent portions.  Somewhat slow for not being that busy.  I love the huge soda cups so we don't have to get a refill every five minutes.  Had great special happy hour prices.
3	wuings seemed to have been frozen for a while the flavor was off, the burgers were good and great happy hour pricing
5	Friends suggested this casual dining experience, recommending the Veggie Philly sandwich. Super yummy. We've been back several times. Friendly service, always good food.
4	A friend recommended this little neighborhood bar down the street from where we live. Russ was our server and he was excellent, recommended customer and personal favorites and provided excellent customer service. Their menu is quite extensive so lots to choose from. I got the steak kabobs and a salad and my boyfriend got the Philly Cheese Steak, both were tasty and hot. They also serve coke products which is always a thumbs up! The was another gal there also assisting Russ and she was really friendly and filled drinks, etc. The place was clean and laid back and at 9pm at night had quite a few people there which was nice to see. Zipps is probably the closest bar similar to this place without the obnoxious staff or loud crowd...needless to say we don't frequent there but we  I will absolutely be going back to LUCKY LOU's... and would recommend this place.
1	Staff was proud to not acknowledge us. We sat at a table in the bar( a dirty one at that) and waited for close to 10 min before walking out.  When we were leaving we asked the bartender " Are you proud we are leaving?"  She smiled and said "yes".  I guess if you are not a regular, you are not welcome. If I could have given it zero  stars if that were an option.
4	Took the family here for the first time. It's in our neighborhood. The service was slow at first but our server was awesome in the long run. My wife had a good Philly cheese steak, I had the fried cod which was good, and the kids had the pasta from the kids menu. We had boneless buffalo wings and they were amazing. We will return, next time without the kids, for a couple cold beers and some more of those delicious wings.
3	Went here with the fiance because its in our neighborhood and wanted to go somewhere other than Zipps.Seat yourself deal which is fine. All the tables in the place had Blue Moon condiment holders but no Blue Moon. .LAME. Fiance liked that there was PBR and selections from our local favorite Four peaks so I settled for a Shock Top.Service was decent and I imagine wouldve been beter had there not been an NFL playoff game on.Food was great. The batter they use for onion rings is freaking delicious. Wings were yummy and my burger was huge! The jalapeno coins and mozzarella sticls were also good. I'd definitely come back more often if they had Blue Moon on tap!
2	Was going their on and off to try the place out  kinda liked the place at first.  Until we got Flat beer and I told the waitress to check the keg.   She ignored me and left us with the flat beer.I asked her again to check the keg,  Me and my wife know our beer.   She mocked me with one of the bartender saying this guy keeps telling us to check the keg.We drank 1/2 of our flat beer and left.  Also some of the regulars are a little over the top. Haven't been back since, that was 5 months ago.  We have many places to go to that would have changed our beer out right away and apologized for the flat beer.So I wonder how many customers they have lost being arrogant,  and not trying to help a customer with a little service.  I will do the waitress a favor and not mention her name.  I would be surprised if she is still their,  I'll never know.
2	A second try.  The place was empty.  The beer selection is weak.  Bud and four peaks.  Nothing special.   It could be great with the patio and the layout.   I wish them better luck.
5	We love Lucky Lou's! Especially the Chicken Fried Chicken on Thursdays!This place has great beer and a dog friendly patio which is a great place to hang out and watch a game.Great place in Chandler
3	I went here last night with a group of friends.  We all agreed that while the food was very good the service was definitely lacking.  I found that the waitress was sarcastic and not accommodating.  We had to ask several times for extra water and she was abrupt about us paying our bill because she wanted to end her shift.  I am undecided as to not I will go back again.  The food was good but not anything I can't get anywhere else.
2	I've only been to Lou's twice. After the first time, I was excited to have experienced this sports bar. It's nicer than, say, Zipps, nicer food, more comfortable, and smaller. The service was nothing to write home about, though. On my second visit, the service was TERRIBLE!!! I've never been so ignored at a restaurant! Nobody had a smile on their face, nobody asked how we were, and it was like pulling teeth to get another drink. After we received our food, nobody came around for a half an hour, when the busser came to clean the plates, from whom we had to get the check from. We will, however, be returning for a third time, getting a different server, to get a better idea of this place. I'm hoping the short bald guy, with hands in his pockets, walking around the place shuffling his feet will NOT be there next time. I'm sure my visit will be more pleasant and I will update my review then. For now, I feel disappointed.
3	Went to Lucky Lou's for the first time last night. It was just okay. I am not sure if I would return here in the future. To be honest I just feel like there are so many other good sports bar options in the area that this would not be my first pick. My fiance and I shared a chicken spring roll appetizer which was the best part of the meal. If I were to come back for anything, it would be just beer and apps. They also have perogies on the appetizer menu so that might be enough to bring me back in the future as well.The entrees were not as great. My fiance had the jalapeno and cheddar burger with fries. The burger was not bad but the flavor of the beef was just okay. I had the Diablo chicken sandwich blackened which was again just okay. The chicken was really kind of bland which I would not have expected for a blackened chicken sandwich.Overall it really was just an okay experience. Service was good. Prices were a little high for what you get. Meh.
3	You seat yourself & hope that someone sees you... Service was so-so and bartender kept flirting with my husband (he is good looking) which I thought was pretty rude. Food is good though.
2	I know they are going to be busy, why don't they? This has been our neighborhood  "go to" place for years. The food had always consistently good and the service friendly. The last few times we have been here though  it has been severely understaffed,0 affecting the service. Tonight I felt bad asking my waitress for a water and my daughter had to wait more than 10 minutes for her Sprite plus  we had to ask the waitress srveral times to bring it. To top it off,  we were charged  for the Sprite! Who does that? It is doubtful we will return  for more than a drink.
2	I generally love Lucky Lous but they have been really hit or miss lately. Just got 3 chicken tenders the size of my thumb and they dont appear to be hand battered like normal... whats going on? Used to be amazed by how good these tenders were but this is pretty disappointing.
5	We love this place. You can't go wrong with a good burger with guacamole, bacon, and a fried egg! The hard eight. On top of that you won't ever miss a game on all the TVs  they have. Great place!
1	OK strip mall bar but I could not get past the I am better than you attitude of the manager/ bar tender. Ownership should look into some sort if oversight. Will not be back without visible changes.
4	Great sports bar with great food. The food is not your typical bar good. Pierogis are not some thing you will not find is a sports bar. All the food is homemade on site. There are daily specials which range from prime rib sandwich to chicken fryer chicken. Portion are good. The staff are very friendly. This is a "Cheers" type bar.  Visit a few times and everyone will know your name.
4	Sunday Mornings / Football / Breakfast / Lunch..Been here a few times now,1. Great Service2. Great (not my #1) wings, but still great.3. TV's Many Many Tv's with Every game on... 4. Atmosphere, great Patrons each time we have been there.Only down side, Is I probably should go more often...
5	Great food, very clean bar and AWESOME emoployees!!! My boyfriend and I love to come here for a cold beer and delicious food. Yes its bar food but its always delicious and cooked just the way we order it. The stafff is always friendly and fast with service and make you feel right at home. There are so many bars out there these days that dont take pride in their food and only focus on the alcohol side of the business but Lucky Lou's cares about it all!Love this place, we are regulars and will continue to be!!
2	Gave this place another chance and again it was severely understaffed (on the biggest AZ Cardinals game of the year). Major disappointment with horrible service. Hire more staff, Lou and quit being so cheap.
