5	After walking around the city for the day, dodging spontaneous rainstorms, starving and sweaty we decided to head back to our family's apartment.  The thought of something tasty danced in my mind without the trouble of dealing with a true sit-down establishment.  But where to eat?We were heading back from the Jarry metro station and we knew that another rainstorm was just over the horizon as the hunger pangs started to roar like a Hemi engine...not roaring, more like laughing in the face of all those hybrid engines like the star football player laughed at the nerdy drama freaks in high school.  Yes, that was the sound of the struggle in my stomach as the roaring grew louder and like a junkie I was almost ready to eat anything within arms reach just to satiate the urge.We passed a Deli...nope...not feeling it.Passed an Italian place...no grazie.Almost to the street where the non-A/C apartment lay, we saw it with a bright blue background and reddish-orange letters, "Ogo Sushi".  OMG...S f'ing Ushi!!!  "YES YES YEEEEEEES!!" were the words in my head in that loud resounding Meg Ryan faking an orgasm voice...Yes, it had to be sushi.From the street, Ogo Sushi looked like a small little room with just four tables and a counter.  Despite the small humble demeanor we headed inside to check out the offerings.  The staff happily greeted us and soon brought us a menu and some water for us as we pondered on what tasty seafood treats would be part of well deserved dinner choices.Everything on the Ala Carter menu was in French and I used the larger menu as a guide with the few English words describing the various offerings.  I ordered the following items:Oh hell, I have no idea as they were all in French and all I remember in between the ear splitting roars of hunger were, "Thank sounds tasty, check the check box FAT BOY!!"Upon turning over our order to one of the very happy servers, the sushi chef started busily working on fulfilling my dreams of a great sushi dinner.  All the time various people came in and out placing orders to go or picking up orders placed earlier.  It seemed as if this little sushi joint had its loyal fans that knew exactly what to order and from the steady number of people, I knew the food was tasty enough to keep them coming back.Our food arrived and we dove into food like a pack of wild hyenas.  Fish, roe, rice and dried seaweed flew from the sides our mouths as we stuffed our faces via chopstick power until the beautiful sushi plate before us was completely gone.  Some of the rolls ordered had an amazing blend of flavor and texture with unexpectedly fabulous crunchiness courtesy of toasted panko bread crumbs.The most overwhelming thing about everything we ate; freshness.  Everything tasted incredibly fresh, from the fish, to the rice to the veggies.  Our entire meal was top top top, truly the highest quality with flavor that was surprising for such an unassuming Montreal neighborhood.Once the plate of sushi before us was gone, with little more than trace pieces of pickled ginger hanging on the side of the serving dish, we did the unbelievable....we ordered another round of the exact SAME thing!The girl at the counter happily took my order and the chef nodded in approval when I told him, "Everything was AMAZING!  We loved every single item and I want more!"  The chef was honored and thanked me and soon got to work on my gluttonous 2nd order.Five minutes later and the 2nd order was ready.  The waitress happily pointed out that the chef had provided us with a complimentary veggie roll and said, "he hopes you enjoy it."Wow!  I felt like a special client and I guess the kind words before revealing my glutenous self truly made him happy.  The complimentary roll was delicious and was made up of a blend of finely julienned veggies with a crunchy tempura zucchini in the middle.  SO tasty!!I was so happy at all of the choices and when I went to pay the bill, was ASTOUNDED that the two platoons of sushi we had just destroyed only cost us $68 Canadian dollars.  Even better!I'm sure I'll be able to talk the family into trying out Ogo Sushi again before we have to head back south to our humble abode....ummm Ogo Sushi!FINAL NOTE:  Sadly, Ogo Sushi doesn't serve alcohol...but you won't miss out with such great sushi.  Trust me...although I was dying to have a beer with my incredible sushi.  Wonder if I can take the owner back with us to DC?  :-)
1	I eat there a few times until I realize that they wash there hands ONLY WITH WATER NO SOAP!!!  BEWARE
