2	From my one time visit......Person who took my order spoke less English than a Swahili immigrant. It was annoying.Food was luke warm and the string beans were very wilted.Only good part was the awesome Mt. Dew they had on tap.  I would advise a different Panda Express.
2	Still sucks, and YELP is still biased!Why do I bother.
1	Service sucks, tiny portions, WAY OVER PRICED! Will not return.
1	One hour till closing and the teenagers they have running this place are shutting down the line and leaving the nastiest looking food on display --- and 8 customers walked in expecting something professional.I'm heading over to Signal Butte next time.
1	I usually like panda but this one is not one that I will go offten. Mika the girl that rang us out wasn't very pleasant and didn't even smile a smile can make a diffrence. .I work in cust. Service and if u want people to come back u need to let them fill good. And on top the portions are very small they take to long to help people the rather make them wait. So to say the least not a pleasant vist
1	It's been a long time since I've been to this location and now I know why.  The food is crap!  The service is ok.  They don't clean out of the trash bins.  This time it wasn't crowded or at least have some people in the restaurant when I first got there.  It was 1:00 p.m. and I was the only one in the restaurant.  They didn't have any trays to carry your food.  I had to ask, which is odd to me.  When I got to where the plastic ware was, there were plenty of forks but no knives!  How could I cut up my Teriyaki chicken without a knife!  This totally sucked!  Everyone that came in...carried out food.  I hope someone from the Panda Express franchise sees this and changes this location!  I'm sure this is not what they want from their store!  Thank you!
1	Don't waste your time! Worst  Panda I've ever been to. Got there at 6:00 pm, the peak dinner time, and I counted 7 entrees empty! When she asked me what I wanted, I asked her when everything else was coming up and in a very snooty attitude she said in three minutes. So I said I wanted two different entrees, and she asked if I wanted to pay for it now? Ummm no idiot, I'll pay for it when it's ready!
1	Pretty classic corporate franchise, 6 ppl in line, 1 person serving and 2 employees taking a break during peak time. Enough time for me to write this review while I'm standing in line.
1	Guess I will add my review to the other 1-star accounts of this horrid place. However, I'm sure nothing will change because this place has been getting consistent complaints for years with no change or acknowledgment by management. They are always out of food at peak hours leaving many customers standing waiting for fresh food.  Of course, they always try to offer remnants of the afternoons dishes that are all crusted over and dry. Staff is far from interested in customer service and is usually seen standing around. The other Panda Express locations don't seem to have this problem. Such a shame.
