1	The staff were condescending and outright rude. The place smells of a dentist's office, they don't have that much variety in their product, and the prices are subpar.After getting snapped at by one of the workers when I asked if they had any 52mm lens caps (the place they're normally kept was out), I decided to wander around and observe their interactions with other customers. It was much of the same. I watched them deal out the same condescending attitude and impatience with other people who came in. I'm impressed they can stay in business, honestly. My recommendation: just go online...
4	Sooo looks like I'm the odd man out. But I won't go extreme and I won't go easy on this place either. Definitely not a 5 star experience but certainly worthy of 4.I really liked this shop. Now that I finally made it in to see what they're all about I was impressed with their selection. Being closed on Sundays is a bit of a downside for me because it's one of the only days I can usually make it down this way. The selection was awesome and they had everything you could expect as a professional or hobbyist photographer and then some. They're the only place I've seen in the area with Ilford film for example.There were at least 4 guys working here when I went in. Of them only ONE came and asked me if I needed help and was even nice about it. He was an older gentleman named George. He was extremely helpful and even insistent on helping me find what I was looking for to accessorize my old 35mm Pentax K1000. But when I went to check out and pick out some film on the other side it seemed like the only thing the other guys could even muster up was some kind of stupid inside joke amongst themselves. It's unfortunate that a place with such great potential has a majority inconsiderate staff.In my interactions as a photographer and assistant working with other photographers I have found that many of them really are inconsiderate, pretentious and down-right pompous. It's one of the things that has really turned me off to being a photographer. I'll stick to being a hobbyist.
4	My experiences at Biggs have been quite different than many of the reviews posted here. For a small store, they carry an impressive array of goods, new and used, and the staff, mostly, seems to know their stuff. While I have had to wait to be helped, it's always been because the staff was busy helping other customers. One of the first items I purchased there we my digital SLR and the salesman who helped me was patient and answered all my questions. I've been a repeat customer, have purchased cameras, filters, a bag, cables, film, and have had film processed and images printed at Biggs. As for their prices, they seem competitive when it comes to cameras and lenses but their film and smaller items are quite pricey. In this day and age, when privately owned stores with knowledgeable staffs are few and far between, it's nice to have Biggs there when I need them.
3	I went to Biggs to rent a lens for my Canon XSi. Biggs is in a nice area--although it's sort of on the fringe of leaving it. It's a camera store, so who cares. The inside of the store is old, but clean, with a equipment wall to wall. I was greeted by a warm gentleman who gave me the lens, and had us on or way in 10 minutes. We rented a Canon 100-400 lens. The lens was a mess. It was old and it showed. The lens was squeaky, and it decided to stop zooming and make crunching noises until it worked again 5 minutes later. The whole lens was just a disappointment. I would return to Biggs only if I needed a lens rental and was in desperation.
5	Biggs is awesome!  I live north of the city so it's a hike to get here but anytime I'm close, I stop by and it's absolutely my go-to place when I need equipment. This is a busy store. I'm pretty sure it's the only (viable) camera store in the greater Charlotte metropolitan area.  They've survived because they're good. They know their stuff!  Whether you're a beginner or a long time pro, Biggs is great. If you have a problem with crowds, go during the week and avoid the lunch hour traffic. Once you have an associate, they will help you through everything.  These people know about photography. If you want someone warm and perky, go to Best Buy. If you want to deal with serious, photography professionals, then Biggs it is!
3	So, I grew up a 35mm junkie and gradually had to work myself up to a digital SLR. Though I lament the fact that I can't sustain a hobby of shooting 35mm or medium format film and developing anymore, it's nice that Biggs is in town with plenty of supplies. I've been a customer for a few years now and have always been pleased with the selection of gear, resources and used/rental equipment. They've got all of the necessaries for Canon, Nikon, Pentax, Sony, and other brand loyalists. I'm a Canon guy and have always been able to find what I'm in the market for. I most recently found a lens hood for my 50mm 1.4 that was pretty hard to track down even on the internet. Also, recently sold an old Pentax K1000 and some old darkroom gear here. For the shape that some of it was in, I got a pretty good deal. Where I think Biggs has some serious shortcomings is their customer service. Here's the deal, if you're not a professional photographer, (I personally am not. Just a hobby I've had for years) then you don't need to be condescending. I've had a few instances where a few of the staff members seemed to act a little more than inconvenienced to work with me. Not that it's a huge deal, but when I'm interested in checking out a lens from behind the counter, I don't need to hear a diatribe on WHY I shouldn't purchase that particular lens. It's what I'm in the market for. I do Just a bit of a flaw for the hobbyists on the customer service side of the coin. In a pinch, these guys have always come through. Glad to have em in town. Clean up the attitude a bit and I think it'll spit-shine up to 4 stars no problem!
1	Rude staff, almost made me feel like it was a bourden to them for me being in thier store.... thumbs down all around
4	Biggs has been a landmark in Charlotte photography for years. I'm glad they exist, I'm glad they have staff that knows what they are doing, and I'm glad they support my photog needs.Need a long lens for a gig, you can rent it. Need to do some bargain hunting, there's bins for that. Looking at an array of bags for that next trek across Katmandu, plenty to look at.I also enjoy talking to their staff, they shoot, they know whats current and coming up and try and steer you in a safe harbor of a direction. These days thats important since the diversity that exists out there is not getting any simpler to parse. While I do enjoy everyone at Biggs I always enjoy talking to Scott. He's like a walking wikipedia of digital and film. He shares his knowledge with a smile and he's not pushy at all when it comes to getting you geared up.The landscape in Charlottes camera shops has changed radically over the last few decades and Biggs is still here. That tells you something. Now get out there and support a local who supports local photogs.
5	Great small camera shop. I bought my first camera here. I had shopped at best buy and other big name places, but finally purchased here because of the one on one service I received. The employee was great. He was extremely knowledgable and informative.
5	I was thinking about a particular camera, and Edward walked me through every feature of that camera as well as the highlights of similar models.  He also told me to come back in a week with all my questions.  Biggs is not only a retailer, but they give crash courses in photography for novices like me!
4	I shoot almost exclusively film, and this is the only place in Charlotte, that I'm aware of, that still sells most supplies needed for traditional darkroom work:  paper, fixer, film, developer, et cetera.  On the analog side, they don't have a huge selection, and it's more expensive than mail order...but that's to be expected.  If you're surprised by that...well...bless your heart, I just don't know what to tell you.  We're in the twilight of film...really.From my experience, the staff isn't overly friendly...but that really isn't the right word....they won't bother you unless you ask, generally.  To me, this is a good thing...I can't stand me an overly clingy salesman.   Some other reviewers have said their staff is rude, but I've never seen anything like that in all my years of going here.
1	I had an emergency on the morning I was leaving for Europe.  I literally said to myself, "I could go to Best Buy, but I'm going to go to Bigg's because I can't take a risk."  They sold me an accessory that didn't work for my camera!  I even questioned it because I said it didn't look right.  I expect that at Best Buy but not at Bigg's.
5	The low reviews I've seen just don't jive with what I have experienced in person, both my own shopping experience and seeing how the staff interacts with other customers.  Their business comes in waves.  20 minutes it's packed.  Then slow for half an hour and then packed again.  If you stop by when it;s busy, you might have to wait a few minutes.  But you're going to be talking face to face with an industry expert.  Someone who shoots professionally or at least semi-professionally themselves.  If they cannot answer a question you have they can usually find the answer and usually i seconds by checking with a peer.  Moreover, everyone there loves what they do and love helping people.  They do hate when people come in and take an hour of their time getting educated and then those folks go and buy mail order.  Biggs often cannot match prices or deals from unscrupulous mail order dealers for several reasons.  Canon, Nikon and Sony all have fixed minimum prices.  If they drop below that they risk losing the line.  They do NOT sell gray market imports (which is another way some dealers sell of cheaper but there is no US warranty).  Lastly, they don't come up wit cheesy cheap bundles with inferior flashes, tripods etc. bundled in to get you to purchase stuff you don't need.  They sell US products with all accessories and the full warranty.  They stock an amazing supply of used equipment which they stand behind.  They keep a good suppy of new gear on hand from amateur Point and Shoot cameras, to professional SLR bodies and lenses and everything in between.  They stock studio supplies, film, lighting equipment, printers, darkroom equipment, paper and developing supplies, bags, etc.  In short, they carry everything you need. They guys there from Steve (Biggs) to Troy, Jamie, Franklin, Edward and the rest all care about their customers.  Give them a fair shake and you will be a lifetime customer.
5	I had the an emergency question about a fancy camera that I did not know a thing about. So I was not buying anything and they still helped me figure out the problem and had the expertise to tell me everything thing that I needed to know about the camera. I thought they were very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	Im a professional photographer from Colorado, and over Christmas I found myself in a jam while visiting family. I had a lady minute job and no lighting equipment. I was able to rent what I needed from here at an excellent price. The service was out of this world. On an extremely busy day I had friendly attentive service from multiple employees from the minute I entered the door. I was able to spend Christmas completing my assignment, and the return after Christmas went equally as well. My only minor complaint is that I had to find the manual online, luckily that wasn't too too tough though. I had a chance to browse before I rented, and as a professional I can say they had an excellent inventory at reasonable prices plus knowledgeable staff.
