2	Pit stop along the strip to get passion fruit bubble green tea. My favorite flavor from a so-so vendor.If you are a SMART water fan, you can get them here by the bottle. CVS across the street does not stock SMART water.
3	If your going to make the mistake of walking the strip in the middle of the afternoon and subject yourself to the dry desert heat and the occasional biblical gusts of windy dust, then this  may be the only place to park your camel and get yourself some healthy, affordable fair.  A cheese crepes and a smoothie, comes in two waves and the crepes, while certainly not rivaling any Paris street corner, does its job well.
4	I booked a trip to Vegas because of an airfare sale.  When time came, it turned out to be one of the hottest weekends in Vegas history.  The days before we arrived were record-breaking hot days.  So when I was there, it was still hot.Having grown up in LA and now living in SF, I'm accustomed to good bubble tea and other assorted Asian beverages.I like lemons. I like lemonade. I especially like fresh squeezed lemonade.  So I ordered the lemon smoothie.  Not enough lemon, too much yogurt.  They apparently make their own yogurt there, so at first I thought it was kind of cool.  But what about my lemon?The place gets four stars because it's still the only place I was able to find that even served these kind of drinks.  And by "these kind" I mean Asian drinks, not so much lemon smoothies like I got.  But really now, I wouldn't expect people here to get it as good as back in California, where the fierce competition makes for better drinks.So it's the utter lack of choice that brings this four stars: I'll come back because I wouldn't know where else I can go for Asian drinks.
4	Food: I was craving boba in Vegas...and found one! I tried a strawberry banana smoothie with boba. Not bad, it was nice and sweet. Also they serve their boba drinks in those tall Vegas souvineir cups! They also have ice cream and crepes...Price: Not too bad, my drink was around 4 or so. The tall drinks are around $10 each.Atmosphere: It was empty when we came here. Theres indoor and outdoor seating though.Location: Its located in this outdoor shopping area (looks completely out of place considering its the Vegas strip!) but is near Planet Hollywood and Paris, I think.Service: There was only one guy working here but our drinks were made fast!
1	There is no such place anymore and no one around the Hawaiian Marketplace had heard of it. :(
