5	During the recent hard freeze, our heating system didn't seem to be working properly. We called this company and they were slammed because of the weather.  They promised to come out - and they did.  It was in the evening and well past their normal hours, but the owner showed up and took care of the issue.  He had the house warming up in no time.  Excellent customer service.
5	I've used this company several times for maintenance at my home and they've always done a great job! Last week I came home and my A/C was out so I called to see if they could send someone out to look at it and sure enough an hour later Ian came out and had it diagnosed. Unfortunately for us it was that we needed a new unit (our unit was very old and we knew it was going out). Ian and Bridgette were on the phone first thing in the morning to order a new one and were able to get it in within days. This is a great company with fast response time and always gives fair prices. I will NEVER have another company work on my new A/C or other appliances!!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this company.  2 weeks ago they fixed my mom in laws capacitor.  Not only were they timely but professional and polite.  Everyone from the receptionist to the technician are friendly and knowledgeable.  Then ironically my air conditioning went out due to a shorted out controller.  Again the same individuals were awesome.  Bridgette is so kind and Patrick is A+ --everyone does a superb job and so friendly.  Not only are they the best but I would refer them to family--anytime.
5	I cannot begin to describe how great the service experience was with this company...our microwave quite working on Saturday morning and of course the following week is Thanksgiving...after filing a claim with my home warranty company I was contacted first thing Monday morning and even though they were overbooked for the day they managed to squeeze us in...the microwave could be repaired but due to the fact that parts needed to be ordered I did not expect to have it for Thanksgiving day dinner preparation...imagine my shock and surprise when the technician was able to locate the part needed to make the repair and even made the extra effort to come back Monday afternoon and make the repair...the microwave is working great and I am a lifetime customer of American Air & Appliance...customer service that earns all 5 Stars PLUS!!!!
