3	Full disclosure:  I am not a musician.  I couldn't carry a tune if John Lennon came back to life and told me that to bring world peace, all I had to do was hum the notes to Imagine on key.  I can't tell you the difference between a GIbson and a Les Paul, but I can tell you that Steve's carries both and can school you on the musical advantages of each guitar. Patchwork flooring that is definitely original to the building adds to the worn in comfort of the place, even if you might worry about falling through if you take one wrong step.  The walls are lined floor to ceiling with beautiful instruments. An almost weird  grouping of rooms keeps the instruments organized from electric, acoustic, and other, so there is some kind of organization amidst the beautiful chaos. If you're looking for something special for the musician in your life, this is definitely the place to check out.  It is full of history, and also full with musicians on both sides of the counter willing to give you a bit of advice.  The only thing is, the staff was a little intimidating from a non-musician's perspective.  They were nice enough when you looked past the flannel sweaters, ripped jeans, and heavy metal band t-shirts, but I couldn't help but feel a little judged as I tentatively browsed the aisles.  I definitely felt out of place, like an intruder stumbling into some secret club's ritual ground.  Steve's is so full of musical history that it just might be.
5	I've heard mixed opinions about Steve's in Montreal.  I have heard that they are snobby, service isn't great, if you don't wave money in front of their face they ignore you.  Through all of this I decided to go anyways, mostly because I know they have a great selection to try out.I was very pleasantly surprised when I was greeted in the acoustic guitar area, then the guy just made sure I knew where to look and what my options were, (based on a couple questions he asked).  He checked in on me as I tried a few, but for the most part left me alone to mess around a bit in private, which was what I wanted.What I was even more impressed with was that when my decision came down to two guitars, and a fairly substantial price difference between the two, he did not push the more expensive one.  He simply told me why it was more, pointed out the differences, and then also made sure to point out that in the price range I was initially going for, the one I picked is the best option and assured me that I'd be happy with it.  I ended up going home, thinking, came back the next day and bought the more expensive one based on the facts he gave me, not the pressure.  To me, a great sales person.He even went to get a second one of the same so I can play them both and decide which one I like better.  He could have easily told me that was the last one, or just not bothered offering the choice.  The store was quite busy that day.All in all I am giving it 5 stars for service, selection, and even price.   I shopped this guitar around on line and he even beat the price from a US distributor that is generally the cheapest out there.
4	I needed to buy a new acoustic guitar and my friend just wanted a some kind of guitar, so I knew about Steve's Music Store down near the Old Port.  We make our way down there.  From the outside you wouldn't expect much on the inside based upon looks, wrought iron windows, etc.Anyway, once inside they have the store broken up into different areas.  One area for acoustic guitars, one for electric, others for other instruments.  Each section has a dedicated staff member who is supposed to be an expert on the goods.  We first stopped in the electric guitar section because my friend wasn't sure which guitar to get.  The staff member was knowledgeable about the different types of guitars and what kinds of sounds each produced.  We decided to check out the acoustic section next.Again, same sort of service was provided by the staff there.  In the end we both ended up with acoustic guitars, with the help from the staff members who didn't exude a pretentious attitude.Check it out if you are looking at getting either acoustic or electric guitars.
4	Big store like Italemelodie. Free parking in the back if you buy something. Price are competitive. I had bad experiences when I was young but now no problem with the services. If you need help avoid Saturdays. It is closed on Sunday (Competition is not).
