5	Located in the food court in the Paradise Valley Mall surrounded by fried food, junk food, and fast food, you will literally find your healthy oasis. Moga Crepes offers fresh fair with a healthy alternative. You can choose from crepes, rice bowls or garden bowls.  From there, you pick your protein, add some fresh cut vegetable choices, sauce and boom: excellent fresh fair at a value price. Options include spinach, spring greens, peppers, etc. amongst many others. I had a garden bowl with chicken, quinoa, spinach, red and banana peppers and mushrooms sauteed in pesto sauce served on a bed of greens and topped with feta cheese. AMAZINGLY delicious. I predict this establishment is going to go far and will soon be in many more locations. The dessert crepes look great too.
4	I enjoyed the pick-your-own-healthy-toppings crepes.  There were lots of toppings to choose from both lunch and desert choices you can place within the crepe.  It felt good to eat healthy fresh veggies and lean meats crepe complimented with hummus, feta cheese, rice, falafel and quinoa.   It tasted even better eating my own little secret wholesome creation amongst the other greasy joints in the PV mall's food court.  Even though I don't really go the mall often at all, I will be sure to return to Moga Crepes for eats if I return.
2	Crepes?! Really?! My savory "crepe" was more like a burrito... Chipotle size and evrything. The photos here are exactly what one would expect, but NO, its a big burrito stuffed. I had high hopes and was extremely disappointed. I gave two stars beause taste was ok, but not a crepe (you couldnt even taste the crepe dough itself). If I were the owner I would definitely teach my employees what a crepe should look/taste like... Or change the name and pictures shown here.
5	Great food!! Many different options, there is something to eat for vegans and gluten free dieters too. Great service, friendly staff! My rice/quinoa bowl was very good- I got it because I'm gluten free and I was pleasantly surprised especially for it being a restaurant in a mall. I highly recommend it!
5	I got a dessert Nutella crepe with strawberries. It was delicious!  It looked really nice too. On top of all of this the person working behind the counter was really friendly and nice! I would go there again just because of how nice he was. Since the food was good too, I'll definitely be going there again.
5	Totally blown away... this is head and shoulders above anything else served in a mall. Delicious food and friendly, helpful service! I loved the pesto/falafel combo and the fruited (but unsweetened) green tea, but I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more!
5	Amazing find for a mall food court. A little slow perhaps, but worth the wait. A little expensive perhaps, but it is a mall and it's a refreshing change from the mall norm. Stick to the specials and it's a pretty good value. We enjoyed a chicken crepe and then shared a Nutella dessert crepe with strawberries with others in our party. The five year old with me was shocked. "What is she doing?!?!" was the reaction when our server poured batter and made our crepe on the spot. The most difficult part of the transaction was the spirited banana versus strawberry debate between the five year old and her four year old sister. The Moga Crepe employee intervened and resolved the disagreement with a game. Very nice! Very unexpected! If I were to lodge an actual complaint it would be that the food, as delicious as it was, did not resemble the professional photographs posted on Yelp by Moga. It's a food court! I'm not expecting to be served on China like the photographs, but it did create a little disappointment when the dessert crepe was presented to us (photograph posted). Then we tasted the crepe and all was forgotten. I'd delete those photos and let Yelpers replace them with real meals over time if I were Moga. I'd volunteer to take a few more photos if it meant having to eat more Moga crepes.
