4	I've been a fan of theirs on Facebook and Instagram for awhile and they are always posting cute workout wear and accessories.  Being that it's Christmas and I am looking for something for my BF that is a little nicer then your typical workout wear, I decided to finally check them out.  It's a fairly small store but well merchandised making it easy to find what you're looking for.Unfortunately, the items I was interested in they didn't have in the size that I needed but the associate offered to find out if she could get it.  And she pointed out other items that were perfect for gift giving and was very helpful determining size needs just based on the description I gave her.  This store has jewelry, scarves, gloves, sunglasses for women along with what you would expect, workout clothing.  Of course, it's a step above what you would find anywhere else.  Unique T's, bottoms, and cover ups.  I love the T shirts they had for the men.  So soft!  I may be gifting a couple of those.The only negative, and it could just be that I chose to check out the store in between seasons, is not a lot of sizes in what I was looking at.  Prices were very reasonable for specialty work out gear.
5	I'm just starting to get in shape after a loooooong time of feeling really pudgy so I joined LVAC at Flamingo and 215. I found the Sweat Store recently when I went to Greens and Proteins for lunch (they're right next door). The workout clothes are the cutest I've ever seen and prices were pretty good. I even found some shirts for my boyfriend. Whoever does the buying for the men's section has just as good of taste as the women's section. Outstanding stuff.Oh, the first day I shopped there Coco, (from Ice Loves Coco), was just going in as I was leaving! (Sorry, I loved that show)Anyway, if you are looking for workout gear that you won't see on every other woman at LVAC or wherever, that is cute enough to wear outside the gym, I highly recommend this place. Nice people work there too.
5	Premium quality workout clothes that you cannot buy anywhere else in Las Vegas. Their stuff is so much more unique than your typical under armour or nike brands!They are always getting new stuff in, too! I'm hooked for life.
5	Lots of variety, lots of different prices, nice styles, convenient location!
5	Great quality and selection of workout, yoga and athletic apparel.  Not your typical, lame stuff you find at the generic sports stores. The owners & staff are very friendly, courteous and helpful.
5	Love everything about this store!  I can't personally comment on its "work-out" capabilities, but as someone who physically needs comfortable clothing, a really friendly staff (that has never seemed to judge me for not working out!) and amazingly fun cute clothes it's a fantastic place!  5 stars!
5	I love this little shop! They have super cute workout clothes, mostly seems like yoga to me, but I love the variety. The sales associates I have spoken with/been helped by have all been very friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. Prices are average for good workout wear IMO but if you're not used to Lululemon-like prices (meaning, you think they are expensive?) then you may think this stuff is expensive, too. But they do have a good selection of pretty low-priced workout stuff, too, and they have a sale rack with good deals, if that's what you're looking for.
