5	I love, love, love this place. They have an amazing selection of tea and the staff is very knowledgeable. Plus, the food is yummy. The ambiance really sets this place apart. They have beautiful wood work and gorgeous tea accouterments. If you're looking for a tasty snack and some interesting tea, this is the place for you. (Keep in mind, though, the menu is small. So, don't come here if you're super hungry or have a bunch of people).
5	The hustle and bustle of sight seeing can take a lot out of a traveller. Recharge at this lovely Chinese tea house. After a hectic day of walking all over old Montreal I stopped by this little shop and was transported to ancient China. The tea is sublime, the cookies were delicious and tasted homemade, the ambiance of the tea house was second to none.After half an hour of drinking and eating I noticed that I could barely hear the outside traffic of pedestrians. If you are in old Montreal and plan on seeing the Notre Dame Basilica, stop by this tea house, it is a block away from it. Refresh and enjoy!
5	Preamble: I've never been to a Tea House before.*Service (5/5)*: I'd give the guy a 6 if it made sense. The service was the definition of amazing. He was more than willing to talk about the different teas, their history and their characteristics. Making sure he got the order and giving suggestions.Then the tea came.For every order he'd prepare the tea set up in front of you and then walk you through the preparation. Though he would say the same directions to each one of us (4), it completely felt as if he was talking to you individually and teaching you this personal tea ritual. Very personable, knowledgeable, helpful and inviting. He made the experience.*Food/Tea (4/5)*: I'm no tea connoisseur, just see the preamble. I almost went to a Starbucks for a Grande Dirty Chai (Tazo Chai latte with soy and a shot of expresso) before walking in this place on a whim. None the less, I really enjoyed my Taiwan GABA Dragon Tea and Vegetable "Bun", like a wonton bun thing filled with soy and veggies. Oh and it was delicious. I left wishing I hadn't shared. I'm not a huge believer on the medicinal properties of tea, but I definitely felt calmer when I left the place.But that could have some thing to do with the...*Atmosphere (4/5)*: Beautiful. Light oriental themed harmonies in the back ground. A bunch of Buddha's smiling at you. A million interesting tea pots and tea paraphernalia to browse. Divider like show pieces between tables for a relatively private setting. Very nice.*Verdict?*: I'd be here regularly if I lived in old Montreal.
5	Love, love this place! Excellent service, tea, and all kinds of beautiful pottery.  Very knowledgeable staff, so relaxing to go there
4	Very nice!A very relaxing experience here! The people are very nice too. They aren't going to walk you through everything, at least not by default. Maybe if you engage them earlier they might give you recommendations, otherwise read through the extensive menu. I spent about an hour and a half here, had a great time too. The tea we selected was pretty good, not awesome, but decent none-the-less!A large selection of tea, lots of background on it as well, but no "special" or real "premium quality" stuff it seemed.
5	I loved this tea house. it was warm and charming the menu and options were vast and the tea was delicious and graciously given. I ended up purchasing a few items from here as gifts and I do plan to come back again and would recommend it to anyone visiting the area. It was a true treat!
4	After an extremely relaxing day of some much needed R&R at Spa Scandinave I decided to take a nice walk around Old Montreal and came across a cute little Tea House on Rue Saint Suplice called Ming Tao Xuan.With an air of Buddhist serenity, it feels like you are stepping into a tea house somewhere in a Chinese village and not off the street in old Montreal.  Ming Tao Xuan means "a comfortable and welcoming salon where fine teas can be enjoyed in earthenware teapots".  What that actually means--not to sure--but the tea selection is phenomenal.  There were so many choices I couldn't keep up.  The menu reminds me of a Sun Tzu novel!
5	Needed to kill some time while waiting for a dinner reservation and found this little place on Yelp.  Located on a corner in a lovely historic part of Montreal, the owners of this little tea house make you feel like you are part of an ancient personal tea ceremony. The tea selections are described in detail in their tea "menu". Each tea has it's own special presentation and tea pot. It was a wonderful way to spend a chilly late afternoon talking with friends and we were never made to feel rushed. It only has 4 tables so I would recommend going at "off" hours to make sure you get a seat and are truly able to enjoy the experience. I wish it was closer to home I would be there every week.
5	One of my quiet spots in Old Montreal to take a relaxing tea with friends. The decor is quite exquisite, and you just want to be quiet when you sip your cup while looking outside. There is a wide array of tea selections, from white to red to dark teas, and they are quite reasonable in their price. There's not a lot to eat as a snack to accompany your tea, but it's ok: you don't go there for the food, but for the tea!
5	This place is in such a quaint looking area of the old port.  Cobblestone and all.  Inside, you are treated to a very tea house like atmosphere.  Teas everywhere.  They also have a small menu to pair your tea with light appetizer type food.  It's nice to sit down, relax, and pretend you are a little snobbier than you really are.The service is nice and they will chat with you about the different types of teas.  We got one of the blossom teas which are always fun to watch as they steep in the glass tea pot.There is definitely a zen like feel to this place.  I like it a lot.
1	The shop has beautiful tea pots. I splurged and got a sweet-looking and not inexpensive set, something I'd wanted for a long time. After a month of use, the made in China pot started leaking from the bottom. I called to ask if I could get a refund. The owner said he could not do that because he would lose money. He offered an exchange, but with me paying postage both ways (I live in Vermont). I felt this was poor customer service and feel cheated. I don't want to pay double postage for a poor quality item that might leak again. The owner basically said too bad.
4	U can buy their beautiful tea sets and/or enjoy their Chinese tea at the shop using the beautiful pottery
4	On a freezing Saturday afternoon, walking in Old Montreal, and as we were really just looking for a place to get in and warm up, we ended up here, and we were never happier to stumble upon a place we probably would not have entered otherwise. The staff is absolutely welcoming and friendly, giving you time and advice to choose from their long tea menu. The tea presentation and explanation on how to drink it the proper way was definitely appreciated as well. These people really know teas and they're happy to share it. The atmosphere set by the place with all their teas, teapots and Chinese decorations puts you in some kind of tea trance and you leave in a tea zenitude you never thought possible (yes I believe my body reacts to tea as if some kind of drug and I'm now in the aftermath of wanting more more more!)
5	I am a regular at this teahouse, and I wouldn't go anywhere else for good tea.They serve your tea in a yixing teapot and walk you through the gongfu cha ceremony.The tea is top notch. They have a wide selection of oolongs and pu'erhs. Definitely try the Golden Leaf, and the premium Pouchong. Excellent Tiegwanyin King too, if you're willing to pay the price.They have very good greens as well - I recommend Yun wu, yun ya, and mao feng.The owners are very friendly and helpful in choosing a tea for every occasion.The shop itself is also worth a visit just to see the beautiful woodwork and all the teapots.Great place to sit down after a long walk around old port, unwind after a work day, or wrap up a meal on a night out.
3	Enjoyed the lychee tea. Love that each teapot is unique and their cookies were delicious.
