5	The Dent Guys couldn't be any friendlier!  My car bumper looks amazing, and they did it for almost half the price of my Toyota dealer!  I brought my car in and they transported me to get a rental car and met me there with my car when it was finished!  Hopefully I won't need them again, but I definitely recommend them to all of you!
5	After researching a few dent repair places, I was beginning to give up on finding a reputable business where I didn't have to drop my car off for an entire day and shell out a few hundred bucks. I was even told by one place that I would have to pay to have someone come out just to look at my car! I called Dent Guys and Steve told me he could be out to my place of business within a few hours and take a look at the damage at no charge. He was super-friendly and told me he would be able to fix my dent while I waited! 15 minutes later my Subaru was looking like a champ and Steve even charged me a fair and modest price! I am so happy that the job was done to my satisfaction and better yet by a Las Vegas native! We gotta look out for each other. Thanks Dent Guys!
5	Steve did an awesome job fixing the dent on my Mercedes this morning, it came out perfect! he also came within a half hour of calling him, me and my husband will definitely use him again if needed.
5	This is one of the best dent shops I've ever dealt with. Called in on a Monday afternoon close to closing time, they took me in and got me taken care of right when I arrived. Five minutes later, no ding in the door. Extremely professional and they are excellent at what they do. Thanks Dent Guys!
5	I have used the Dent Guys several times now and I am always extremely impressed.  They are fair, honest and they do not over-represent what they can do.  They have helped fix several "uh-oh" s on several vehicles, including a very nice Ford Truck, a Lexus and my Acura on the latest trip.  Steve and his company restore my faith in Las Vegas human kind every time I use them.Thanks!
5	Steve showed up on time. Steve said it wouldn't be a problem for my dents. for reasonable price one other Dent shop said I would have to take to the body shop wasn't necessarily true. Thank you Steve job well done!!
5	I took my Subaru to Dent Guys to get a few minor dings removed. All I can say is WOW. Steve did an amazing job removing all of them. It looks like they were never even there. I would absolutely recommend the Dent Guys.
5	My daughter took the car to Lifetime when home from college, had a great workout but came home with a "modified" trunk lid. "It wasn't me" she pleads..... CCTV proves nothing and the car is due to be returned to the lease company imminently.I get an estimate from a Body Shop that I have used prior, $600 ouch.... its a tiny dent but needs to be fixed according to my lease contract.Search Yelp, find "The Dent Guys". Call and they can come to my home the very same day. Good service. Steve arrives early, takes a quick look and tells me it will be $100. That is a better price! Thirty minutes later the job is done, the dent was on a body line which creates a little more of a challenge but it looks great.Thanks Steve, I will certainly recommend you to anyone looking to save some money and get a top notch dent repair.
5	All I can say is outstanding service. Called late in the afternoon and Steve stopped on his way home to fix two (2) dents on the hood of my brand new 2014 Dodge Durango caused when I fell from a ladder and dropped a box on it. Very professional and my hood looks better than new. Very pleasant experience and I recommend them highly.
5	I needed a very good dent repair person. I found Steve!! He did a great job repairing the dent my daughter put I my SUV. I could not believe how good it looks... And how little it cost! I definitely recommend Dent Guys to anyone with small dent repairs! Great service!!
5	We took our SUV to Steve, just hoping for the crinkle-like dent in passenger door to look somewhat better! What we got instead was 100 times better. You can't even tell there was a dent in the door. I am amazed at the great job Steve did! We will be using Dent Guys for all our minor dents (and not so minor) and dings!!
5	I hadn't even made a payment on my brand new car and someone didn't hold onto their car door durning he heavy winds.  I had a deep dent in my passenger door.   I left a message and Steve called me right back.  We arranged for him to come to my job the next day and repair my car.  He called to tell me he was on his way and when he arrived.  He got to work immediately and my car was fixed within an hour.  What a fantastic job, it was a nasty dent, but it looks like new.  Price was so reasonable. Thanks so much Steve!
5	Steve took great care of my BMW M5.  He repaired a golf ball sized dent my wife was kind enough to leave the hood of my car the last time she borrowed it.  He was also able to get out a door dent on my passenger side that had been there for years.  He is an extremely professional guy who does great work.  I would highly recommend his shop.
5	Spoke to Steve yesterday and he sent two awesome guys from his company today!  Fantastic, fantastic service - the owner of the car was quite impressed!  Will highly recommend this shop!!
5	This honestly completely blew me away. It's really awesome how they can come directly to you for an immediate quote and even fix it right then and there! I'm completely amazed with the service Steve provided and will definitely be back if I ever need a dent removed. Words can not express how thankful I am to him.
5	Steve's communication and professionalism is exceptional. I had a dent that the dealer and Dent Pros said could not fixed but Steve was able to do it. Steve was good at setting expectations and estimating price. If I ever get another dent this will be where I go.
5	Used These guys . All I have to say is wow just wow . Great work if you have a dent then plz use Them  you cant get better. My car looks like nothing has ever hit it . Saved me thousands. call them you will be happy u did.
5	Had them repair 2 different cars with door dings on short notice.  Honest assessment's and very good attention to detail.  They are looking for perfection when repairing your car.
5	Got a dent at 10am, called Steve and his guys came to my work and had it fixed by 11:30.  Fair price and the results were flawless.  The Dent Guys have customer service covered from all angles.  I could not have been happier..
5	After reading the reviews on yelp, I decided to call Steve. I'm glad I did, he called me in a timely manner and setup an appointment for the following day. The work that was done came out great, you would never now that I had two back to back dents on my fender. If you ever need your dent removed, look no further Steve is your dent guy!
5	Steve and the guys were great! I had two dents in the car that were really bugging me, but not enough to pay body shop prices.  So I gave these guys a shot. Boy am I glad I did. The dents are gone. Service was fast and friendly. I would highly recommend their services.
5	Awesome! Ask them to come by and check out a dent on one of the neighbors car. Steve shows up and told us that certain part was plastic and majority of all that model will have that kind of damage because of the heat warping it . Would have ended up wasting money at some repair shop for nothing. These guys are honest and professional. I highly recommend them and will be using their services in the future for all my dnets.
5	Steve, great job today on my wife's Prius! I pulled into the garage and my first thought, you're a magician. Thank you for making her new car new again! I will definitely let my friends know about you.
5	Fast and easy! Steve did a great job with my new car after someone carelessly opened their door into mine. He came to me at my work, charged a fair price, and got the job done quick and right. I highly recommend.
