5	Ideal Energy is AMAZING!!! I had the company come out and bid the work for my AC, duct work, and insulation. They were extremely professional, competitively priced, clean, on time, and did QUALITY work. I wish I could post pics to show my SRP scorecards and the quality of the work, but I'll summarize. In July 2012, before installation of the new AC (Trane) and duct work, my home had a scorecard rating of 10 (least efficient), and in August I had dropped to a 4 (in 1 month), and now consistently receive scores of 2-3. My home is 2 stories and approximately 2000 sq ft w/ no pool. My bills in 2012 went from $380 (July) to $215 (August) to $190 (September), and in 2011 my bills were $395 (July) to $470 (August) to $505 (September). The owners of Ideal Energy LLC also took their time to research all of the government/energy credits and assisted me in making the process simple to receive my credits/refunds. Wouldn't choose another company in the valley! Cheers!
5	My experience with Ideal Energy was exceptional. I would highly recommend any home/condo owner to contact IdealEnergy for a $99 home energy audit and then to follow through with IdealEnergy to conduct repairs.  Here my story:My home was initially evaluated by a 'certified' contractor for the APS/SRP home energy program and rebates. The resulting data/report/estimate that was presented to me was confusing, and the proposal for repairs and service was limited in detail and difficult to understand...even though I consider myself an intelligent consumer, especially as it relates to energy conservation and being 'green-aware.'As I did not have 100% confidence in my initial contractor - I contacted Foundation for Senior Living (the group that oversees the SRP & APS rebate program) and asked for three other 'certified' contractors.I asked each contractor to review the existing data collected, inspect my home, and submit a bid for repair. Based on the three new bids and again interviewing each contractor, I learned there are big differences between contractors' knowledge of A/C, air handling, insulation and what it takes to repair and maximize efficiency under a roof. IdealEnergy provided the most thorough assessment of A/C and air-handling efficiency and then identified and explained in simple terms the best way to maximize efficiency and minimize A/C cooling loss. Their proposal included pictures of MY home (not another person's home/attic) and explained how each repair would contribute toward efficiency- energy wise. Further - Alex - was easy to reach when I called to ask any question...I ask a lot of questions - I called Alex at least 3 times after getting the IdealEnergy proposal and each time he was patient and answered questions thoroughly.I even price-checked Alex's estimate with another contractor friend - IdealEnergy's pricing was in range. I asked Alex for a discount as I had a referral in my back pocket....Alex did not waiver - he stated that he gives his best price the first time and that his margin is slim, mostly because he pays his crew a good wage on account of the difficult work they perform. Seriously after 3 minutes in any attic during summer months in Phoenix (crew members spent 2 hours at a time in the attic)- they deserve a just wage.After all this research and knowing that my home desperately needed efficiency attic/duct work, I chose IdealEnergy. FYI, my home is 1990s build - part of a larger community of 1,2,3 bedroom units. Back then, the builder installed the SAME split unit (handler/coil) into each unit...of course the builder skimped on the A/C and air handler quality ...the duct work was pretty shoddy too...needless to say - nearly every unit in my development could benefit from IdealEnergy's assessment.In my case, the most important lesson, was understanding the air handler needs to 'breathe' and, as is often the case in older buildings, the A/C air return is too small or impeded (by small grill), or both. Thus, there is the need to open more return vent space for A/C air return is needed (plus they have the test numbers to prove it).  If , for example, you neglect increasing the A/C air return - you will find that despite resealing all duct work to keep out 'attic air' it will cause the air handler work harder and will ultimately create additional/more leaks in the duct system - and you're back to an inefficient unit in no time.Prior to having the work completed - I met each of the crew members who worked on my home...they were attentive to my concerns as they prepared to come into my home.  They clearly stated the work they would perform and why....everything matched up with the proposal. The work took 2-full days (6 am - 2 pm) and was a bit messy, but the crew did their best to partition off the area where they worked and cleaned up before they left each day. It has been 2 weeks since about  1/2 of attic insulation was removed, duct & A/C handling repairs were performed, another energy audit showed the duct work is delivering cool air (and not attic air) and new cellulose blown in over the top of duct repairs and ceiling.During the past week (115, 113, 112 and expected 110+), the weather has really tested the improvements of my A/C system. The temperature in my home is balanced - there are areas that remain cooler than others - but there is not the extreme change in temperature as was the case before IdealEnergy did their work. Overall - I am very satisfied with IdealEnergy and would highly recommend Alex and his crew to address energy efficiency within your home or business. Final FYI - I am a social worker - I do not make a lot of $$ - and I rely on others' recommendation for goods and services...and I will be a personal reference for anyone who needs more information about Ideal - simply ask Alex for my contact info.  The only problem I have with Alex is that he is ASU alum....GO WILDCATS!!
5	First off I would like to thank Ideal Energy for all their expert advice and professionalism. Alex came out to visit with us and did the audit on our house which was built in 1978. It's a block style home and getting older so it's not very efficient. Alex spent a good 2 to 2.5hrs doing the audit. During the audit I asked if I could follow him around to see what they were doing and ask questions and he strongly advised I do that. He certainly educated me along the way about several questions I had. He explained what upducts are which I had no clue as there are 4 of them installed through out my house. Here for the past few years I would open all the windows in our home when we ran our swamp cooler. It was annoying having to always open/close the windows and it would also let a lot of dust in the house plus it's a security risk where a burglar could easily open the window and come in our house. Alex explained the upduct and how it works and no longer do we have to open our windows when running our evap cooler. After the audit was done Alex crunched some numbers and came back out to visit with us going over the results. He had several options for us, breaking down several quotes from all the work to be completed and others being just the major/most cost affective. We opted to do 3 of the 4 recommendations. They were to seal all the duct work in our attic and all the registers in our house. Add more insulation in the attic to move us from an R22 to R38 value and lastly to get rid of our money hungry 1hp pool pump and install a variable speed pump. Once we signed the contract Alex and his crew came back out to complete the agreed work.It took them 2 half days to finish the work as it June when they were doing the work and very hot outside. The crew was very professional, knocked on doors when needing to enter the house. Cleaned up very well after themselves etc. They allowed me to ask all the questions I wanted and they even pointed a few things out that were changed. I felt confident they were doing a great job. Once the work was completed they ran another blower test on our house to verify the results. Everything came back PERFECT. Our house is much much more efficient and comfortable to be in. We had several hot spots in our home including the master bedroom which was always a good 5-7 degrees hotter than the rest of the house. The new/additional insulation really made a huge impact with how our home feels on the inside. The duct work sealing also made a huge difference. Sitting on the couch in our living room I could never feel the air conditioner blow on me through the vent. Now I can easily feel it and i'm sometimes in search of a blanket even though its July right now. Alex explained how leaky our ducts were, he said if we were to imagine a 17" hole in our duct work, thats how big of a hole we had if you add up all the leaks we had. AS you can see by fixing the leaks, we now have a much larger volume of cold air coming into the house instead of our attic. In return this will and should save us significant amounts of money. I know for a fact the comfort of being in our home has changed a lot. It always felt hot in here and never the temp our thermostat showed. now it feels perfect and we enjoy being in the house.I highly recommend Alex and Ideal Energy if you are considering getting an energy audit done and wanting to make your home more efficient. They returned phone calls and emails promptly during pre-sales, construction and post sales.
5	these guys came HIGHLY recomended from SRP board members to preform a home energy audit.  they were very professional, timly, honest, and nice.  Alex and his team did a great job and were a pleqasure to deal with.  i would recomend them to anyone looking at a home auditin addtion my AC actually went out and they were there at the drop of a hat to get it fixed.  i really like the team there and will be working with them in the future.
5	We were very happy with the price and service.  Our summer electric bill has been $300.00 to $400.00 dollars cheaper.  We recommend these folks and have to family members.
5	We had an excellent experience with Ideal Energy. Alex and his team are very professional, timely, and did a fantastic job improving our home's energy efficiency. Also, their prices were very reasonable and competitive. Can't believe how hard the AC blows now. Should have done it a long time ago! Thanks Alex!
5	I have to start by saying that Alex and Elena are great people. It is very rare that you find people these days that put people and quality of work first.If you have any heating or cooling needs and want to make sure it gets done right the first time with people you can trust this is the business to go to, hands down.
5	Ideal Energy LLC sets the standard for a customer oriented business.  Forget those adds you see on TV Elena, Alex and thier crew are the real deal.  On time, fairly priced, and thorough.  They found things previous installers never even made us aware of.  The work this company performed was neat and clean and they went out of their way to explain every step of the process.  I also appreciate them coming all the way out towards Casa Grande to complete this work.I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone looking for a home energy audit and the followup work to follow.
5	We had this business come out to replace out old poorly installed air conditioner. They did an amazing job. Alex was awesome did a very thorough inspection of my home and gave me the perfect size unit and estimate for the job. If you ever need to have your Air Conditioner replaced I highly recommend this company
5	Alex and Cris (project manager) were outstanding.  From the energy review to installing attic insulation,  and new AC unit.   This company not only thought of changing our old,  inefficient (24 year) unit.   These guys did an energy review (scientific, state of the art tools) and recommended a smaller energy efficient unit (3.5 ton Vs. 4 ton) that combined with the new insulation would save us money now and later - we have seen a savings in our monthly compared to last year already in the summer months!  Lastly, they took care of all the rebates that arrived very promptly.   No mud slinging but we are so happy to not have gone with the big orange store.
5	While my husband and I love our new home, it is definitely not energy efficient so one of the first things we did when we moved in was research companies to conduct an energy audit through SRP's discounted audits. Ideal Energy stood out to us so we gave them a call and are so glad we did. Our attic is very poorly insulated and there are holes in the duct work so they will replace the duct work and install new insulation; their assessment was thorough and they provided us with detailed information about the work that was needed. In addition, they promptly responded to my call regarding one of our air conditioning units, which stopped working after receiving some water damage from the excessive rains we recently had. They were very honest about what needed to be fixed instead of trying to sell additional work that did not need to be done. Very professional and courteous and I definitely recommend them!
5	This company was professional, quick to respond, and was able to fix my AC after storm damage on the same day that I called. In addition, the price was reasonable and they did not try to sell me anything I did not need.
5	Ben, Chris and his crew were great! They sealed up all the ductwork with approved mastic and tape. Arranged all the batts and blown in cellulose to an R38. They were all good guys and very professional. Cleaned up afterwards which was great! I know there are other companies that could do this but if you do your research, you will find this company is by far the best in AZ!ps: they arrived at exactly 6am as promised
5	Five Stars and more!  From first phone call to final billing, this experience was exceptional.  Alex and Elena were fantastic during the initial consult and home energy review.  They answered all of my many questions from efficiency to implementation.  Chris and his crew were prompt, professional, and efficient.  They even finished a day earlier than estimated and left my home exactly as they found it!  Ideal Energy has earned a lifetime customer from me for all of my HVAC and energy efficiency needs.  I could not give them a high enough recommendation!
5	I had an energy audit done on my home. I'm sorry to say it wasn't done by Ideal.  I did call them to give me an estimate on the repairs that were needed. Alex came to my home and was very professional and informative about what should be done and why.  His estimate was very reasonable and contained far more information than the original company I had called. I had a new Ac unit installed and blown in insulation in the attic. Chris and his crew were on time and did a great job on the install and clean up. Ideal is a company you can trust. I highly recommend them.
