3	Two key points:1) It's new, so, it's still mostly clean and the grease traps haven't reached critical mass yet.2) If you're headed toward Tucson on I-10 east, this is really the last convenient place to get off before you get to Casa Grande exit 195 which is like a billion miles away. So if you're hungry GET OFF NOW.That is all.
1	This McDonald's can kiss it. And there servers. I only been here 3 times since its right around the corner form my work. I'd rather drive 10 miles to a good service and better food place then this. The service always sucks. The Piss inside lack communication and brains. As well as emotions. I think a robot could do better. And the food is always stale. Like its been under a heat lamp all day. Nasty fools.
1	horrible old buns,.food cold first.mcdonalds that really messed up a simple burger###yeah fellow yelpers stay away from this one!
3	I come here occasionally as it is close to work and cheap eats.  I can't say I've really had some of the issues others have.  Food's been generally fine and seemed fresh within reason for fast food, the staff usually is cool and the wait time varies from eh to good.The only thing that bugs me is you have to remember to ask for ketchup because they rarely if ever ask and I've yet to have them just give it to me.  I *LIKE* ketchup with my fries, dang it!
3	Run of the mill McDonald's which is one convenient exit & about two blocks off the freeway.  Appears to be a newer building with two ordering lanes.  There's a HUGE cactus for you to stare at while waiting for your order to come up.
1	I had no choice, but to choose a star. Over the years this Mc Donalds continues to disappoint.  I truly believe this franchise owner really does not care. This morning will be last time I go there. The people at my job have had similar dissapointing experiences with the same place. It is close and convenient for us. But they would rather go to another location nearby or somewhere close to their home, when commuting to work. This morning I ordered strawberry cream pie and was told again that they had none and asked if can be I would like apple pies instead. About fifteen minutes later at work. The apple pie was hard as a rock. More like a apple biscuit. This is the final straw. This place is horrible. The list of things that I have ordered over time is too long to list. Mc Donald Corp should pull their licensing away from owner. I have took time from my day to write this, rather than spending it on something else more productive.
1	The most disgusting experience. The people working sucked, and weirdly enough, I got served by a tranny at the window which really scared me. I don't have anything against people like that, but the terrible customer service didn't help at all. The last at the first window charged me for 2 ranch packets and I asked her to take one off, and she sarcastically agreed and didn't do it. I mean, all these people who work in fast food want 15 an hour but their work quality is at about 3 dollars an hour. This reminds why I don't usually ever eat at McDonalds.
4	Looks like most people are unhappy with this location.It's right off I 10 but bushes and trees actually hide it.There's just enough parking.It's clean but the lady who wipes the tables and cleans the floors seems mentally unstable.No kids area.The service is really the reason I'm giving 4 stars.There's multiple electrical outlets but only the ones in the wall work, the ones in the dividers do not.The Wifi signal doesn't drop too often
