5	Awesome fades, great prices and friendly service. Will be one of the top spots in town. I've definitely found my barber, thanks shorty!
5	This shop gives the best fades in town.Been following Shorty all around town. Glad to see he can finally call a shop his own. Prices are great and the staff is very friendly.
5	Swung by hear for a haircut and shave after seeing it on Groupon earlier today. I came in at about 630 and was greeted by Keelah. She did a great job with my fade was talkative the whole time. She took her time and got it right unlike some barber shops you go to. After my haircut came the shave and it was great. Keelah gave me a nice pre shave oil and rub down and a hot fowl then took her time with the razor. Perfect technique using short small passes and getting every single hair. My new go to place for a hair cut and maybe a weekly shave.
5	I found this spot on yelp with very high ratings. This shop backed up its ratings. The store owner (Michael J) took his time and made sure my line up/fade was on point! My son was with me as well and received a combover taper fade. His came out VERY clean. I'll definitely be back, the next time I visit LV.
3	I got a haircut and a shave for $30. The haircut was pretty good but the shave wasn't that great. I ended up with 5-6 cuts around my neck and face and she didn't even shave the bottom half of my neck. Maybe if she wouldn't have been responding to texts and answering a call on her cell I would have gotten better service. I probably won't go back.
5	Keelah!!!! Shout out to that girl! Rockabilly cut with a hardline! Did a great job and even hooked it up with some Lay Rite!
4	walked in 10 minutes to closing with someone already in the chair and someone else waiting and I was still allowed to get cut. I came here after another chain haircut place did a cut but they did not line me up right. This place did a good job and i would return. The lady with the dreads cut my hair. I forgot her name.
4	I finally decided to give this shop a chance after driving by it all the time.  Keelah gave me a great haircut and she was nice and friendly.  5 Star is not that far from my house, so I will continue to go to Keelah.  Plus, she gave me the razor line up and took her time doing it.  Please stop by and give her your business.  Thank you.
3	This review is only for one of the barbers and not the entire barber shop staff.I normally cut my hair at Mario's Classic Barber Shop on Losee and Ann, but this day they we're very busy, so I decided to give 5 Star Barber Shop a try. I was referred by my sister, who is friends with the wife of the owner of the shop. Up until the point she referred me to this shop, I had no idea they we're even there, and I pass through there on my way to and from work. I would definitely recommend putting a sign right by the street because even though the ALL black sign that's outside looks cool, it is not that noticeable, and they are missing out on some business.I went in and I was greeted by a younger African American girl but she then told me that it was the other ladies turn. I forgot her name but she looked to be in her 30's, maybe 40's, and also African American. I told her I wanted a taper with a 1 1/2 on top, and since my beard is kinda big, I told her I didn't want anything done with it. She proceeded with the cut and was looking very good. All of a sudden when my cut was almost done, she went to work on my beard. Since she had already cut into it, I didn't say anything hoping she won't mess up those lines I work so hard at. By the end of the cut, she gave me the mirror, and the haircut was great, but the beard was cut all wrong. My neck line was very crooked and she totally changed the look of it. I didn't get mad but I was hoping the simple trimming that she did on my beard was free, but it wasn't! She charged me for my cut and the trimming of my beard, after I told her I didn't want her to touch it. She charged me $30+ and me being me, I still tipped her.Overall it wasn't that bad of an experience. I just know that next time I come in, I won't cut my hair with her, and instead I'll have someone else in the shop cut my hair. I just hope they don't touch my beard when I tell them not to and if they do end up touching it, to cut it right at least.I really wanted to rate it 2 stars, but since it's not reflecting the entire establishment, I chose 3 so it won't effect the overall rating of the shop.Just my .02.
5	After I posted my review on Yelp, I was contacted by the owner of the shop. He addressed my concerns, and informed me that the barber who cut me up was not with the shop anymore, and that he wanted to make it right for me. So he offered to cut my hair for FREE! Just by acknowledging my concern was already great but by offering to make it right, just goes to show you that the owner of this shop stands by the name that he gave it "5 Star Barbershop"I scheduled my appointment and went to get my haircut. I got what I normally get, a taper with a 1 1/2 on top, with an edge up. He hooked me up and he's the type of barbers that I like and those are the ones that take their time with their craft and make sure the cut is perfect.I want to the thank the owner of this shop again and I respect the way he literally took ownership of my concern, when he could have just left it the way it was. I will definitely be thinking about making this shop my go to spot.For that, I have updated my rating to the name of this shop!
5	I've been bringing my son to the owner Michael Joyner and everytime we come in we are greeted and never have to wait long no matter what day we come in. Even if he is busy he always makes time to fit us in especially with my crazy schedule. Great location, customer service and professionalism. I always refer 5 Star to anyone looking for an excellent barber!!!!!! Thanks Mike
5	We were thrilled the day we saw a Barbershop opening so close to our house, we checked it out once and have been going back ever since. Prices are extremely reasonable and the shop is always clean with sports playing on all the TV's. Staff is friendly and my kids are always happy leaving with fresh cuts! Keelah and Michael are awesome and I definitely recommend using them!
3	Great at what they do, absolutely horrible customer service. Have to be a regular/favorite to get your hair cut on time even if you have an "appointment".
