3	My flatmate's and I ate in Tony's Fish Bar once when walking back from our friends' flat one cold November night.  From the outside is appears to be your standard chippy but specialising in fish.  The man behind the counter (presumably Tony) was pleasant and seemed to value our custom.  What's more the the place was clean and the interior decoration gave it a welcoming atmosphere particularly after coming in from the cold outside.  The menu consisted of the usual battered sausages, savaloys, haggis and, of course, fish and chips.  I had a battered sausage and chips whilst my flatmates had fish and chips.  Mine tasted pretty good and seemed to be up to the standards of any other chip shop.  My flatmates agreed claiming that the fish and chips were decent but nothing to write home about.Tony's Fish Bar is an inviting chip shop with good service.  Although perhaps not worth going out of your way for, it's definitely worthy of your custom if you're feeling peckish on the long walk up Ratcliffe Terrace!
3	Tony's fish bar is your standard fish and chip shop in a city centre.It covers all the based - fish, chips (of course), but also a veriaty of battered and deep fried things to help clog up your arteries when you just cant face cooking.The guy who served me was pleasent, but that might have just been due to me buying four peoples food - at quite a hefty price tag I felt, but so be it. The food was pretty standard, but I dont think I would go out of my way to get here again.
4	Everyone loves a good chippy, and while Tony's doesn't set the world on fire with fried fish and chipped potatoes of stratospheric quality, it's perfectly good. Having only had a regular fish supper, I can't comment on the more exotic choices, but crispy batter, not too flaky fish, and chips that didn't taste like cardboard were more than enough to make me feel confident that a repeat visit would reap rewardsBest eaten inebriated, stinking of vinegar, and on drug addict-filled public transport for the true Scottish chippy experience.
