3	If your short on funds, this is a good place to go.  If your not short on funds this is a good place to go.  For those that are dog enthusiasts put BHDS on you list.  Get a dog  done your way...chili, cheese, onions and the usual condiments.   Suggest you get the fries, too.  Yum!  The can have cheese and chili on top, too.
5	since im from New Brighton (home of HDS) I was the happiest girl alive when I heard of one in Pittsburgh, since I call Pgh home now. The food is amazing, absolutely  amazing! My mom said that while pregnant with me she lived off of HDS so I think that's why I'm a little addicted :)
4	Being a fan of the location in Rochester, I decided to give this location a try since it's close to my work. I was (once again) impressed! Not only by the prices, but the quality of food. I got two burgers and fries all for less than $10. Both of the employees were lovely as well. The decor inside is a little old fashioned, but it gives the place that character/charm. It makes you feel comfortable.
4	A nice break from the fast food reality of hamburgers.  The wedding soup is surprisingly delicious, hotdogs fall somewhere between gas station and the ball park, and the price is very reasonable.  Food is very consistent.  Staff is friendly.
5	This is my kind of place. The people there are incredibly nice, the food is delicious, the coffee is hot and made to perfection, they serve breakfast and dinner and the prices are as low as I have seen...anywhere (including fast food joints). What more could you ask for?
4	They have hot dogs, hamburgers, and fries....they do a few small things and they do them well.   It's no 5 guys but if you want a hot dog and some fresh cut fries it is worthwhile to hit the place up and grab a bite to eat.    The biggest bonus to this place is they have plastic cups that will pile up in your cupboard until you eventually have to donate them.
4	Roll up, roll up for the Brighton Hot Dog Shoppe experience! There are quite a few locations to choose from, but the one on Noblestown Road is my regular stop. Now, if you know Pittsburgh, you know its residents have a love for the hot dog. All sorts of hot dog eateries have come and gone, but Brighton Hot Dogs (as I like to refer to them) has been a mainstay, and rightly so.The hot dogs have their own unique taste, and that's key to any successful hot dog joint. Hot dogs you get at restaurants shouldn't remind you of ones you can make at home. To me, they should be better than that. When I think of great hot dogs, I think of cheese Coneys from Skyline in Cincinnati, or Yocco's hot dogs with their funky chili sauce out in Allentown, PA. Brighton fits this bill as well. The flavor of the hot dogs they use is unique on its own. They certainly don't taste like any of the supermarket majors I've had, which is a plus.Like Yocco's, Brighton Hot Dogs' chili is a thinner type of chili sauce than a full-blown meat and beans type of chili. It's there to complement the hot dog, not overwhelm it. The consistency is spot on. Add some mustard to it and you have one terrific chili dog. I usually get a pair of them.The hamburgers are also good. Now, these remind me of the types of burgers I would grill up myself, and that's just fine. It's a basic burger and you can get whatever myriad toppings you'd like on it. I usually just go for mustard and ketchup and some lettuce. It's not a huge gourmet burger, but it's tons better than anything McDonald's or Wendy's are serving just up the street. The homemade taste is what counts.Of course, it wouldn't be a Pittsburgh eatery if there weren't fresh cut fries. Lo and behold, Brighton has those, too. It's funny, when I moved from Pittsburgh for a few years, the one thing I seriously missed was fresh cut fries everywhere. You just start to take them for granted after a while. And when you move to a place where everyone uses frozen fries mainly, you really start missing them. Anyway, Brighton's fries are tasty and as often is the case around here, go great with some vinegar on top.I've also enjoyed the breakfast here, and this place definitely gets crowded on weekend mornings. Heck, you can't beat the prices for all the food you get. The pancakes are awesome, as are the eggs and sausage. It's a basic breakfast menu and it satisfies greatly. Brighton Hot Dogs is really about getting good food at a sweet price to its customers and not about bells and whistles and all the sort of things that jack up the price of a meal for no real reason.One of my favorite things at this location is the wacky drive thru speaker box they have inside the restaurant. It looks like some sort of relic and always seems to be turned up to 11. It adds to the low key and charming atmosphere.The staff is always super friendly and the food is always served at a decent pace. The prices are perfect (the combo number one is two hot dogs or a hamburger however you like plus fries and a drink for six bucks) and the food is really good. So if you like hot dogs or groovy breakfasts at a nifty price, Brighton Hot Dog Shoppe is the place for you. Sometimes the classics need not be improved upon.
3	Pretty average place.  Disappointed that they weren't casing franks.  Surprised a hot dog place would serve a generic hot dog.  The chili was pretty flavorless and the onions were almost ground rather than chopped.  The only thing that got them to three stars were the fresh cut fries.
