5	The Morningside Spice is a fantastic Indian restaurant on Morningside Road. It has recently undergone a refurbishment and now the interior looks classy and modern; I went for a meal there this evening and there were fresh tulips on the tables, it was a nice touch. The staff are wonderful; whenever I visit I am greeted like an old friend, it's one of the reasons I keep going back. Tonight I ordered the lamb tikka, it is a relatively simple dish but a lot depends on the quality of the lamb; needless to say, the quality of the meat was excellent and I enjoyed my dinner immensely. I finished off with the pistachio kulfi which the waiter informed me was homemade, it was delicious and my mum declared it 'magnificent'. I can't wait for my next visit.
4	Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway in the Morningside area of Edinburgh - in an ideal location for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner. They offer a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine which is cooked with fresh spices and is always full of flavour. I ordered the Chili Garlic Chicken which was completely delicious but really spicy and it felt like my mouth was on fire by the end of the meal. The rice is excellently cooked and the naan breaks are massive - yum! Morningside Spice also had wide selection of vegetarian meals and I had the vegetable pakoras to start which were amazing. The waiters in the restaurant were warm and welcoming and incredibly efficient in their service. They also offer a takeaway service which was really popular was I was dining in the restaurant and having tasted their food I can see why. The only downside which I could see was that the people who were ordering takeaways were waiting a long time for their food, but it was a busy Friday night so it is probably to be expected.I will definitely be back at Morningside Spice for another curry soon, I loved it.
3	I found the food to be way too greasy compared to what I know from other indian places. Very tasty though. Service was slow but that may be due to the bigger groups that were there at the time I ordered.
3	We had a takeaway from Morningside Spice which was ok.  The poppadoms were very tasty and the dips very nice however the main courses were a little bland.  My husband had chicken Bhuna and I had Kashmiri chicken.  However it did come very quickly and the staff were friendly.
