4	Gyros, Big and Very Tasty. $7.00 for a Traditional Gyro. It might seem like a high price for one gyro, but try eating more than one of these awesome meat filled Greek favorites. They have Salads, Soup, and an assortment of side orders. I'm looking forward to returning.  Six locations in and around the Pittsburgh area, they must be doing something right. :-)
3	Decent food but a little on the high side.  A Gyro for $7, Fries for $3.25 and a drink for $2 makes for an expensive $12.25 lunch.  Went there today for the first time. The Gyro was huge but couldn't finish it. I was debating how to rank the place since the food is decent (if I ignore the bland undercooked fries).   This place does a ton of business and can't figure out how to handle the lunchtime crowd. I ordered at 1:07PM and got my meal at 1:25.  The average person doesn't have that much time during lunch.  Last week we walked by and the line was out the door.  If it took 18 minutes today and there was no line, I can't imagine how long people waited last week for their meals.  I won't be back just because of the length of time to receive my meal.  I got tired of watching the workers get drink refills.  They need to tell Customers how long meals are taking to be filled.  They need help in getting their orders turned around.
5	loved it very good got the traditional gyro bigger than i expected
2	Meh.I ordered a Greek Salad expecting one as delicious as I'd had in Columbus at the Pitabilities food truck.  Silly me for thinking you could replicate such magic!  This salad... totally el boro.  Translation= BORING!Iceberg lettuce (bleck), some kalamata olives thrown in and a bland yogurt cucumber dressing.  Big let down.  I also ordered the grape leaves because I couldn't resist.  They weren't bad, I do like a lot of lemon taste to my leaves.  Not the best I've had, but definitely not the worst.  Just underwhelmed all across the board.
2	I was exceedingly in need of nourishment so I willingly shelled out $10 for a mediocre gyro salad. The gyro meat was of a sizeable serving, but much too salty, and placed atop a pathetic pile of iceberg. The pita bread was over-charred and crunchy. My Mediterranean ancestors would not have been pleased.
3	For convenience factor if you want to eat outside in Market Square and the staff being pretty friendly, I'll go with three instead of two stars. Mike & Tony's is clearly a better option.I've gotten the gyro salad. Large quantity of gyro meat which is a huge plus because the salad is just okey dokey. I am however quite disappointed with the yogurt dressing... is there anything in it besides yogurt? No? Ok. MBFGG is a decent addition to the Market Square staple but it has room to improve.
5	Gyros were real good! They're big and have lots of meat
4	I had been meaning to try this place for awhile, but with so many other awesome options in market square, it had fallen to the bottom of the list. M and I were attempting to eat at another very well-reviewed restaurant today for lunch (whose name will remain a mystery until I get to go back), but after taking our order, they never came back with our food.  After 45 minutes and our lunch hour dwindling, we told them we had to leave and headed instead to My Big Fat Greek Gyro - and I couldn't have been happier.  I love gyros, but am watching calories, so I decided to go with the chicken gyro today.  The chicken was grilled perfectly.  And there was a ton of it on the soft and flavorful pita.  They piled lettuce, oregano, onions and a very surprisingly lemony tzatziki sauce on the meat.  It was a little pricey, but all in all a very good substitute meal. I will be back for the grape leaves and baklava soon!
4	I will say this: they do have big, fat Greek Gyros. Personally I wouldn't be ordering anything else off the menu. The gyros are filling and delicious. Some of you may be asking, "But are they authentic?!" Who cares! They're massive! The service could be a little quicker, but in their defense it was quite busy on a Saturday afternoon. Also, one of the plants was dead, which just confirms that this shop is run by a bunch of guys. Conclusion: Eat a gyro. Enjoy.
2	I would like a Jyro. LOL, I love Pittsburgh. Authentic: No. (thats Mike & Tony's)Best handheld food in MS: NO. (thats Winghart's)Nothing really wrong with this place, its just that if I am going to fair to restaurants that deserve 4 and 5 ratings this is a 2.
2	Not impressed.  I try to venture to a new place each week for lunch since I work downtown (dahntahn).  Some coworkers kept saying you HAVE to go get a Gyro or salad at My Big Fat.  I finally gave in and wished I hadn't.  Most places downtown at lunch are packed, so this wasn't a downside, but the staff was rushed to a point of being frantic.  This made the already tight space evenmore uninviting and stressful.  I ordered the lamb gyro platter and got it about 10-12 minutes later, not sure why it took so long, but whatever.  I returned to my office and was pretty pissed when I opened the styrofoam container and found that they really skimped on the lamb and didn't even give me a pita!!!  The olives were not pitted and sadly I bit into one almost breaking a tooth....Some of the veggies were starting to oxidize and were quite limp.  Not going to say it needs condemned, but I won't be going back.
3	I've become quite the Greek food fanatic in recent months and this place had me excited when I was downtown recently. The inside is cute, clean, and spacey, but the food was a total miss. Here's my breakdown..Service: It's a bunch of guys running the joint, kind of bro-ish. This is fine, but they seemed bored or annoyed that I wanted to order.Food: I got an order of hummus and pita and meat grape leaves. The hummus tasted like it came from a store-bought pack, and while it wasn't bad, it did nothing to have me wanting more and did not have much flavor. It also came in a small, Styrofoam bowl, and was like $3-4, I believe. The grape leaves were OK, but again, nothing special. I was overall, pretty disappointed in the lack of creativity, but it wasn't something that I couldn't stomach.I'd go back if I was in a hurry and walking through Market Square and craving something that resembled Greek food, but it will not be a destination and most likely not recommend.
3	OK I've been back because I felt like a Gyro.  Prices are still high. They over a student discount.  Service is a little faster but avoid busy times.
2	I give bonus points for generous portions, so it should be a warning sign that despite these gyro's indeed being big and fat, they were only a big fat disappointment.  They are very bland and tasteless,.  The service is off too, they gave me number 55 and didn't call my order up until they had already gotten to number 83.  I got a side of fried mushrooms so that may have thrown off the timing, except that the fried mushrooms were still frozen in the middle when they served them to me.  It was a hot day, so I could have used them to cool down my drink, but I would have cracked a tooth if I tried to eat them.  I do give them bonus points for the outdoor seating with a great view in Market Square, but that's true of every restaurant in the area, so you can enjoy the view and better food elsewhere.If you like massive portions of bland food, the prices and portions here are good, but unfortunately, the food, service, and preparation are not.
4	While the food never disappoints (with Gyros, Gryo Salads/Platters, Chicken Gyros being winners), the attitude of the cashiers can suck --- even for downtown Pittsburgh.
1	I was walking through downtown quite a bit and passed by My Big Fat Greek Gyro several times in one day. Being famished, I decided to stop in and grab a gyro. I ordered the traditional gyro without lettuce or onion.The place looks fairly clean and the associates were nice and expedient. I didn't waste any time in trying my gyro once it was handed to me. I am well aware of the process of making the gyro meat and am always surprised at the difference in recipes between different establishments. The biggest mistake many gyro places make is not balancing the spices with the base ingredients.MBFGG misses the mark with that balance. They have over seasoned both the tzatziki and the meat. Not only was the meat over seasoned, it had an extra helping of filler added; I could no longer taste the flavor of the meat in any of it. If you can't taste the meat, what is the point of getting a traditional gyro?
4	Sure, it's not the most authentic joint, but the food is great, reasonably priced, and the employees are always super speedy and super friendly.
1	Looking for a hot downtown spot to grab a quick lunch we came across My Big Fat Greek Gyro. Well "hot" it was not. Both spinach pies were cold in the center and the salad dressing was off. Gyro meat was also bland. If looking for great Greek food, I would skip this place.
4	I've been here a couple times lately, and probably a dozen times in the last year or so.First, the staff is always friendly despite sometimes big crowds in the market square for lunchtime on a busy spring/summer day. This wasn't always the case, and in a previous review, I said that I was unhappy with the cashiers.  Since they've got the girl on the register (yes, only girl in the building) things have improved!!There's something wrong with their ticket printer in the kitchen, so not all orders make it back there. While I'm in agreement that the customer shouldn't have to worry about this --- realizing they are calling orders in the 140's, and you are ticket number 132 -- don't be afraid to bug them about it.  I do!The food is generally good across the board.  An order a Gyro and French Fries should satisfy just about anyone (and their appetite.)The chicken, gyro, and greek salads are good.  While tasty, they do have a tendency to be inconsistent with the generosity of key ingredients.  The chicken salad I got today was light on the chicken, and light on the feta.  A salad ordered a couple days ago had a decent amount of each.Prices have gone up at multiple locations including Downtown and McMurray.
2	Dry food. I ordered the pork souvlaki, and it was awful! The bread was burned. No alcohol served. Pretty lame...
5	Best gyro in Pittsburgh! it's one of my favorite places to go for lunch in Market Sq.The taste is great and the portions are really big. Definitely recommend it.
2	The service here was good, the food came out fairly quickly, but I don't see myself going back here anytime soon. First of all, the prices are all about $1 more in the store than their online menu. Not a big deal, but for the price we paid, I would expect better quality food! My friend and I ordered a bunch of different things off the menu to split and I was not blown away by any of it.A steak "platter" was $11.50. I thought it was a good deal until it showed up. It came with about 5 tiny pieces of steak and the rest of the plate was covered with lettuce, tomato, a few pieces of pita, a huge serving of dressing and a side of fries. It sounds like a lot of food, but what it turned out to be was barely any meat and a bunch of cheap fillers taking up all of the space on the platter! Those platters are extremely overpriced.The rice in the grape leaves was still kinda hard and the baklava seemed like it was a few days old...a little soggy and not flaky at all! The cheddar balls were ok, but it is difficult to mess up deep friend cheese!They have a prime location right in market square, so I was quite shocked at how disappointing their food was!
2	Prime location in Market Square means it gets quite packed during lunch.  I visited and ordered the hummus and gyro.  The gyro had too much filling and the meat was overseasoned.   Not a bad place to go for a fast lunch but I'm not sure I would seek it out in a city with a lot of food options.
2	I've gone here a few times as it's close to my work, and this time has finally forced me to write a review.  For this visit, I ordered the grilled chicken platter which is grilled chicken (obviously), fries, lettuce, tomato, pita, a side salad, and tzatziki.  First off, I can't stand their tzatziki.  It's runny and bland.  There's none of the fresh yogurt/cucumber  feeling that I usually get from tzatziki.  If you can pour tzatziki like it's liquid, there is a problem. I could go on about this forever because I love tzatziki, but moving on.    The chicken was dry and bland, the fries were overcooked, and generally it was so unimpressive that it forced me to write this review.  The side salad was decent though, so it's got that going for it, which is nice.
