4	Tramps like us, baby we were born to run!*Ok, so the Boss is from Jersey but this race makes tramps like us (or just me) want to run and would make Bruce wish he was from Pittsburgh!This is the 4th year I've run the half marathon and the race keeps getting better every year.  For example, it didn't rain this year.  Also, they change the course a little each year and that makes it nice when you run it year after year.  I liked the course a lot this year.The organization is excellent.  I run a lot of races all over the US (and in Canada) and this is one of the best organized.  It rivals those put on by New York Road Runners, in my opinion.  Expo is great, starting corrals are very well monitored.  Volunteers are awesome, finish line is managed very well.Biggest shout out goes to the people of Pittsburgh who come out in force and cheer on the runners.  Without a doubt, this race gets more crowd support than 99% of the races I run.  There are people all along the course clapping, cheering, ringing cow bells, blowing those annoying vuvuzelas... And the music!  I've run a couple of Rock n Roll races and I think there are more bands on this course than on the RnR I've run. Love this race and I will definitely be back._______________________________*here he is.  he still rocks at 60+ http://youtu.be/IxuThNgl3YA
3	Part 2 Mile 21-23The water stations are now all filled with warm water, not exactly my cup of tea unless I am craving hot tea of course. Apparently the Pittsburgh Marathon had not thought to address the recently occurring situation with the Sun and it's keyed car. Oh and I peed myself again. Mile 24Rita's!!!!!  Bless you child!! Actual ice..why is the whole race not just Rita stations??? Fantastic! Mile 25Conjuring any strength I have left I make my way into the city. I don't care about the finish anymore..all I care about is appeasing the girlfriend as she works the medal's section of the volunteering.  I figure, what's worse than full body pain? the wrath of a female due to you not showing up, that's what.  Mile 26I am hovering within my own body at this point. My legs feel anything but attached but I figure as long as they are working, might as well let them do their thing. Friends are cheering me on as I approach the finish line but all I can think about though is how soaked my left foot is and how dry my right one is. I can finally see it... the end... The FinishI cross the line...barely..head bobbing, knees giving out and arms dragging...and I make it...right into the arms of two kind gentleman that have decided that I am probably not 100%. The Medical TentNext thing I know, I am being thrown into a wheelchair pushed by my medal giving girlfriend to the nearest medical tent. Apparently..I was a bit dehydrated. Volunteers rush to grab me and throw me on table and jab some sort of IV in my arm. I being just happy not running and completely okay with just about anything they throw at me. In hindsight, this was not the best mentality since the next thing I remember is them prodding me with a probe as to take my temperature. Typically I had envisioned my finish to be full of glory as I crossed the finish line...instead I was now surrounded by nurses being probed up my rear....how dreamy. The TAfter about 30 minutes of this procedure they decided I was fit enough to get home from there so I grab my medal and shame covered pride and proceed to walk to the nearest T station to get home. Well next thing I know, I am not feeling too good. Despite all the medical care, they had neglected to feed me any food so I could feel my body giving out as if a black hole had decided to make camp inside me. Tons of people cram in on the T, it was rather unexpected. I originally had been excited as this was my first time on the T so I figured it would be a memorable experience. Sadly I only remember about a minute of it before passing out mid ride due to the heat and lack of nourishment. A few passengers carry me off the T and lay me down while one other person calls 911 for an ambulance. I was barely coherent but even a barely coherent me doesn't want to pay unneeded medical bills. After much pleading and some bites from a stolen cliff bar (compliments of the girlfriend) I manage to get them let me go. From there is was a short trek back full of recovery and a shower of course.. All in all it was quite the experience. Can't say it was awful but I will say it was unique. Pittsburgh handled a lot of different runners that day most of which I am sure had quite a wonderful time.
3	Disclaimer: The following review will be rather detailed and rather extensive. The Short: It was decent.The Long: ....Part 14:00 amAlarm blaring at 4:00 am. Normally this would be a sick joke to me but because it was the day of the Marathon...it was my current reality. You see about 12 months prior I had this crazy idea, I figured, 13ish miles was fun..how bad could twice that amount be? I was about to find out.So there I am, in the dark, rolling out of bed slowly. This was going to be a long day I figured, not to mention this was something I had been training for, for quite some time..race jitters were there aplenty only to be stifled briefly by the amount of water I was guzzling. Morning stretches were a must as to hopefully help my now war torn body cope with the beating it was about to take, one step on the pavement at a time. 7:00 amIt was a bit before 7:00 am now, time to begin walking down. (Luckily for me, I live close to downtown so I wouldn't have to brave the horrid traffic that the out of town race enthusiasts had created)7:20 amI arrive at the scene. A giant mob of people are around me. I make my way into my corral. Originally it had been my idea to try and sneak into a better corral closer to the start line but this year they checked your race bib at each corral entrance. Nice job Pittsburgh Marathon Volunteers, you kept my sneakiness at bay...this time...this time!  I make my way to the front of my corral because you figure the less energy used to run around 1000's of people, the more energy you will have later. 7:30 amPost anthem and announcement, the roar of the gun goes off and the race begins...for the 1st corral's that is. The anxiety is building up at this point. Hopping in place, doesn't seem to be helping the matter. The line of volunteers dividing the corrals begins to direct us to move forward, I honestly can say I had never felt more like cattle in all my life. Anyways, we moo-ve to the start line.7:40ish amAnd were are off. I press the play button on my shuffle for music...this is going to be a long trip. I being me, try and stay ahead of the mob behind me, feeling pumped from the song by the band Blur blaring through my headphones I unknowingly am running at a sub 5:30 pace...this is not good...not good at all. I figure at this point, I better actually use my pace watch and not just use it as a paper weight on my wrist, so I do. Mile 1 So many people, still in awe at the turnout and the fact that I am about to run my body into the ground like an idiot.Mile 2-6I finally have my pace going steady which is great. I had a nice chat with a friend of mine along the way. He luckily was running the relay, I should have taken notes...but I didn't and instead am running the full. Running through my stomping ground is quite motivational. Normally I run not to get mugged on the North Side, this time it's a bit different...I don't have my wallet. Mile 6-11I am able to cross into West End Village and start heading down East Carson St. I chug water like it's my job at every station just to make sure I don't regret not doing later. I see friends yelling my name along the way, it's rather nice. As I run down East Carson St. something occurs to me...I have been drinking a lot of water. In a typical situation one would just use the restroom, but seeing that I had made a couple bets on my finishing time, any delays would have me paying people in cases of beer..and this was not acceptable. (Did I mention that I am idiot?) So as to your guess, I do what one would not want, I pee down my leg. Mile 12Holy Mother of Mary.....Oakland apparently has a hill...and it's a big one not to mention the Sun decides that today is the day it will scorch the earth with it's unrelenting rays as if it had just had it's car keyed. That's when it hits me. Why the crap don't I have a better hobby? Maybe collecting stamps would be better?Mile 13Peed myself again.Mile 14-20I am somewhere in Shadyside I think. Personally I don't care anymore. Location is not important, I have been running for miles up a damn hill and I can't still quite justify why this was a good idea. The sun has been make me it's female dog for quite some time now. I flash back in my head to a statement my girlfriend had made saying that this would be over before I knew it and it would go oh so quick. This is also the point where I realized she apparently enjoys sitting in a throne of lies....this sucks... Mile 20.5At this point I am thinking, oh wow..this is awful, the only motivation keeping me going is the bad music along the way. I need to get away from them..that's all I know. I only stop running briefly to then have someone yell to me, "IT'S ALL DOWNHILL AT MILE 21!"..... I remember thinking...I don't care if mile 21 is a cliff we all drop off...I don't want to keep going... but alas..somehow I do.To be continued....
5	I couldn't have asked for a better first marathon experience! As someone who loves Pittsburgh and loves exploring all of our distinctly different and sometimes quirky neighborhoods, I was bound to have a good time.Got the day started by driving downtown at 5:30 am, finding parking relatively quickly and close to the starting line.  Traffic wasn't too bad. Had plenty of time to use the bathroom, get my gear situated, and mentally prepare myself for the 26.2 miles I was about to take on.I thought the corrals were about as organized as could be, with plenty of volunteers around to check bibs and make sure everyone was where they were supposed to be.  The race got started right on time, and before I knew it, I was running down Liberty and on my way!The crowd support was awesome, saw plenty of funny signs ("Worst. parade. ever."), people giving high fives, and yelling encouragement to the runners. TIP: Make sure your name is visible on your bib or shirt, spectators will yell out your name for a little extra encouragement!  Plenty of bands and entertainment along the course. This is one race when you should definitely take out your earbuds and enjoy the sights and sounds around you.The water and gel stations were very well-manned and are also very clear about whether they're giving out water or gatorade.  I never had a hard time getting fluid when I needed it.  The volunteers handing out gels were also awesome and were yelling out the flavors they were holding.  Pretty great on their part.The course itself took us through the Strip, across the 16th St Bridge, through the North Side and West End (also crossing over the 9th and 7th St. Bridges), down to Carson Street, across the Birmingham Bridge (half and full marathons split off at this point).  It was then we tackled the killer hill up Forbes into Oakland.  I believe they have pacers who run up and down the hill and will help you out if you're struggling.Spectator support was a little spottier for the full, but there are a few spots in Shadyside, Highland Park, and Bloomfield that make up for it. The part of the course that goes through Point Breeze, Homewood, and East Lib was a little tough. More specifically, miles 17, 18, 19.  Fatigue was setting in, there isn't as much to look at, a few rolling hills...I definitely really appreciated everyone who came out for that part of the course!The rest of the race was pretty uneventful...saw spectators handing out beer (Church Brew Works?) but I was feeling pretty sick at that point and just wanted some water.  Toward the finish, spectator support was up, pretzels were being handed out, and I was heading back into the city. Running down Blvd of the Allies, with the huge crowd and finish line in sight, was a huge adrenaline rush.  My only complaint about the finish line was the lack of food...no bagels, no bananas, only fruit cups and chips...not very appealing after finishing a marathon.  Oh well.  We were on our way to a Grand Concourse buffet brunch soon (which I would highly recommend), so no worries here.  Overall, this was a fabulous first marathon...very well run and organized, with a challenging but fun course.  I had a great time and plan on running Pittsburgh again next year!- Just realized I forgot to mention the Expo, which was a huge, frustrating mess. I don't even want to think about it.
4	I love it! I love the cheer groups and neighborhoods. The only bad spot is trying to get through the masses in point state park to the family meet n greet:)
5	The course sucked.  It just sucked.  There were so many hills, even a slight one right at the last 0.2 stretch which made this run an absolute nightmare.  I'm from Pittsburgh and I've ran a few of these, but it felt especially hard this year. Do A LOT of hill training before running this course.I would have given a 4 star, but that would not be fair to all the best volunteers and spectators that I have encounteredCons:This is a really hilly course.  It was extremely challenging.  You're easiest part is only gonna be that mile on East Carson Street.  Watch out for that hill(s) going up Forbes towards Oakland.  There's a slight hill which goes on forever, followed immediately by a giant one.  Pros:-AWESOME volunteers and spectators.  Hands down, they are the best out of the 13 or so different marathons I have ran.  There was so much positive energy.  The spectators would use their own money to support the runners like buying pretzels, oranges, fun size water bottles, and even watermelon and pineapple.  Definitely a special shout out to those who came out for the moral support.  Lots and lots of little kids out wanting to give the runners high fives - very sweet and cute-non-diluted gatorade at hydration stations-fresh oranges along the course-really well equipped with porta potties.-post marathon snacks?  WOW. Bananas, chips, pretzels, Eat-n-Park smiley cookies, flavor and flavors of Panera Bread mini bagels, fruit cups, water, gatorade....AMAZING. Leave it to the yinzers to show you other marathons how it's done. ;)-Expo bag is really nice.  It's not all cheap and plastic.  It's actual windbreaker fabric - whatever that material is called.  Polyester?  With 8.4 oz red bull silver? YUMM.
5	I have run the Pittsburgh Marathon 5 times now with the most recent one being a couple of Sundays ago.  While this may be some hometown bias on my part, every year I find the Pittsburgh Marathon to be one of the best and most entertaining marathons that I have run.  This comes even after having run 35+ marathons now everywhere from NYC to Chicago to Las Vegas and Napa and in a number of different Rock N Roll marathons.  There are always a number of bands on the course and they easily outnumber the number that are on the Rock N Roll courses which I find funny since those races bill themselves as having a ton of live entertainment.  The crowds in Pittsburgh are also always great.  From the volunteers at the water stations to the locals handing out water on their own there is almost always a smiling face encouraging you onward.The Pittsburgh course will never be a PR race course as it is hilly like the city itself.  As a native Pittsburgher I find that they have actually done a good job in making the course as "flat" as it is as nothing in Pittsburgh is really flat.  I also love how we cross each of the Three Rivers that Pittsburgh is known for and also visit a number of the different neighborhoods in the city.  My only real issue with the marathon is the cluster that is the finishing area.  Granted it is signifcantly better than somewhere like NYC, it is not as good as Chicago and I think they have an opportunity to make it better by actually extending the finishing chute into Point State Park.  Then you wouldn't have to fight through the crowds to get to the Family Reunion area.The bottom line for me is that I will continue running the Pittsburgh Marathon in the foreseeable future.  It's such a great race that not only supports US running with the Ameican Development Program but also positively sheds light on Pittsburgh itself.
