3	I'm sure the bartenders at the Carousel Bar inside the Circus Circus see it dozens of times a day: Wisecracking smartasses stepping into the painfully slow rotation (the bar's main attraction) a la Johnny Depp in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.  Surely this bar was popularized by the movie, but it's been around since before I could legally get a drink in it.  Definitely not a destination for an evening out (especially since its odd hours lend to it being closed when it really should be open), it suits itself more to a weekend afternoon cocktail in between rounds of getting your money stolen at the Midway.  The drinks are cheaper than most places on the Strip, but it IS the Circus Circus and they're not pouring the most stellar of wells, so this is hardly a surprise.  You have a bird's eye view of the circus acts, although you might have to change seats if the rotation creates a sight impediment.  You also have a pretty spectacular view of the dust bunnies clinging comfortably to the plaster busts emerging from the walls surrounding the casino below.  Ahh, class!One point of note:  Getting drunk to the point of belligerency and writhing on the floor will not get you forcibly removed from the premises.  Circus Circus' tolerance for such shenanigans is much higher than my own.Update:  As of 3/25/07, the bar ain't spinnin'!  We asked the bartender why and they said it hadn't for 3 weeks and they had no idea why.  Hopefully it'll be up and running again.
3	Great view of the trapeeze artists but the carousel doesn't spin any more. Technically, the name of this bar has changed to the "Horse Around" bar too.I bought a round of drinks for 7 people and it cost me $30. It's a place where the parents can have a drink while the kids are running around playing arcade games and winning toys. The bar is out in the open so you have a 360 view of what's just outside the bar too.This is not a big place which makes it good to have as a meeting point for groups.
5	What's with the lack of reviews!  This place is BALLS OUT AWESOME!!!Why?  Well, sure, it's annoying to battle all the children running around.  And sure, the music and the incredibly loud popping balloon game are really alarming.  And sure, it's Circus Circus.  But I mean, COME ON!!We made a special trip to the Circus Circus just to check this place out.  I am so glad we did!I was there on 9/21/09 and the bar was rotating in full swing.  The bartender was charming and generous.  The view of the circus is good, until you rotate out of view, but wait. . . there it is again!  This place is a stone cold trip.  Live out your "Fear and Loathing. . ." fantasies here.  Take a date and test their mettle.  Marvel at the sea of humanity rotating around you.  There aren't enough stars to communicate the joy I felt while sitting in the Horse A Round bar.
2	The bar was spinning, but no one was home to serve me a drink. I was so broken-hearted!! This tiny little bar tucked inside of the Midway was to be the feather in the cap of my Fear & Loathing weekend. But alas, no love for me.
3	Very sad to find out that the Bar is now a .......SNACK Bar!  Nice to see it is otherwise pretty much untouched other than the addtion of Gelato, slushie machines, nachos and other G-Rated snacks!  3 Stars for the original Decor. It is great to see that it wasnlt ripped out! Sad, because I would have loved to have a drink there tonight.
2	Okay, I admit it.  I only came over to this place because of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.  and it's not a bar anymore.  There's no gorilla, and even ether won't make it better.   But sometimes you have to pay homage even if there's nothing left except a slow, sad rotation.  And it's not like you're hurting if you want to drink in Circus^2.
5	When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. When your role models shoot their heads off and the best dives become stationary snack bars, BYOB -- or hallucinogen of your choice -- sit back and enjoy the free circus acts.
5	Good place to relax and have a snack.  They sell slushies, gelato, churros, nachos, and more.  I bought 21oz cherry slushy in a souvenir cup for $6.  Refills are $3 for slushies and $2 for sodas.  Not bad.  Slushy was just ok. Liked that it rotated around and around.  It's a free ride and was not crowded at all!
1	You want to know why locals always make fun of these idiot casino executives? Take a look at this place, it was a kitschy rotating bar famous for almost 5 decades and a fun spot for people to live out Fear and Loathing in LV moments or just experience one of the few things in this town that was authentic to "the old days". Another plus for the casino is it was a draw for the non "bargin hunters" and general jackassery normally found in the Circus Circus. Instead the bone they promoted to some post wanted to make his mark by callously tearing the bar out for an uberlame snack/ice cream thing. Now if you want to say its about the bottom line and the current incarnation makes more, fine but id say your wrong but fine. There's still plenty of real estate to put a crappy snack thing and still keep a bar. Anyhow Im super annoyed so I'll stop now.
1	A very sad visit when last night I found out they have removed it from Circus Circus. One of the best bars for a good look back as LV history. Also a Fear and Loathing must visit spot is gone. For those who make the homage to this area the gorilla is also gone.
