3	I dropped by this afternoon. The service guy that greeted me without any expression, "What car wash are you getting?" I answered. Then he said, "OK, would you like to have your car detailed?", I answered. Then he walked away turning his back to get the receipt. Walked back and handed me the receipt. I was standing there like OK? After 45 seconds, he said you are good to go. Just a weird dude. The car wash and wipe down was very quick, clean, and nice. Nothing special. Later I spotted several small bird poop spots that did not come off. I had to wipe down the car again when I got home.
4	After the HORRIBLE experience I had down the street at Full Circle, David and his crew at Superstar Car Wash did a FANTASTIC job of "making things right". (See my review on Full Circle for the whole story. Right now, I'm tired of typing.)I will ALWAYS take my trucks to this location from now on. Thanks David!
3	Finally got a chance to use my GC from last Christmas - 2010.  Liked that the service guy did not try to up-sale me on other products.  The wait was less than 20 mins for my car.  NICE!  I had to wipe down a few stops when I got home.
1	Just as the review stated, there are so e thieves employed by this car wash. Who cars about the service when your kids' gadgets come up missing. Will not visit again. If you do, as the sign says, management is not responsible for the customer's belongings.
4	I've experience excellent customer service every time I have had my cars washed here.  This location by far has much expedited times versus the one east and west of this one.  I understand that you can have either a good or very bad experience at a full service car wash.  Knock on wood I haven't had a bad one yet.  My trip today I asked the service writer Mario T(forgot his last name) about a wax on my car and and he provides me an excellent price on the wax and my wash at no cost along with an additional wash for a future date. This store also has a convenience store and a Dunkin Donuts.  They have three flat screens in their sitting area with different feeds, a PC/video game console to keep the kids occupied along and another PC with Internet access.
1	These guys do not want to detail your car after selling you the detail package. After being told 3 previous times they couldn't do the job that day I'm finally getting it done... And am currently waiting well into my 3rd hour for them to finish. No one started on it for the first hour. It should be the most immaculate detail job ever performed, but I highly doubt that will be the case as I'm watching the employee smoke while he performs his duty.
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
1	cant say much about the product!!! used them 2 times not too picky about car washes because anyone can do a better job by themselves. I was just being lazy and it cost me!! I'm writing this review because they offered me a deal that cost 20 bucks for 1 month and i could take my car there as many times as i wanted ... this was true but i realized after the 3rd month these guys were charging me $31.95 every month after and i didnt sign up for that. so i called my banker Bud!! and he told me they were keying in the transactions every month.. This means that it was not set up on a direct pay and they have my CC number floating around... so they were committing fraud.So a quick call to the bank got back the 5 months of fraud charges back into my account no problem.
4	This is my go to carwash most of the time. Their check-in guys are nice and most of the time do not pressure you into upgrading too hard. They offer several coupons. The crews that actually do the work are diligent and attentive, even when I've asked them to reclean or dry an area on my vehicle they so it without a problem. While there aren't many good carwash stores on the westside, this is one of the better ones. I keep going back.
3	They do a really good job of thoroughly cleaning the car but be prepared to be relentlessly pressured to buy any number of other cleaning services or having your windshield repaired during the check in process.  It borders on annoying and it happens every time.   A polite no thank you should be enough to get a service tech to back off but doesn't always work here
