1	I recently took my car in for an alignment & AC system diagnosis to find out why my AC wasn't working. The next morning I get in my car to drive to work only to find I have no dash or real tail lights. My husband investigated the issue and discovered all the fuses in the fuse box were rearranged in the wrong places and two were missing all together! leaving me with NO TAIL LIGHTS!! I find this terribly unacceptable for a facility to have technicians that are so incompetent they can't even put a fuse box back together properly. When I look back at my experience I recall them as not fully listening to my issues with my car just shrugging me off saying they will see all that and take care of it, but how can they fix it if I can't fully explain what was happening? While everyone was friendly enough the end result of my car being given back to me with a mistake that could have resulted in injury should I be driving at night and someone not see me because I had no rear lights and rear end me make it to where I will never take my car there again.
5	I came in w/ a coupon for the works (oil change, fluids check/filled/tires rotated) for $39.99.  They weren't busy at all and they got me right in.  They didn't try to up - sell the coupon, which I was expecting.  They didn't charge extra for this oil or that oil.  They didn't charge extra because I had a larger engine than a smaller vehicle.   They didn't charge extra to take off "the plate" (whatever that is....but I hear that a lot w/my oil changes, lol!)  They were super nice.  I know NOTHING about cars and I dread oil changes because they always ask questions where I go....."there's my vehicle" and point......and I get "the look." I am happy to say that they were super cool and just asked for my keys.  I didn't even have to drive my car around to the bay.  Once everything was done, they explained everything they did. I was really impressed. This is how these coupons should work.  :)  I will definitely use this company again.
5	I have used this place for all my vehicles since 2005. They are honest, friendly and do good work. They always show me what is going on with my vehicles explaining what is important and what can wait. They will beat anyone's prices on tires, brakes or service. No need to worry going here. Ed and Matt are awesome!
