5	Mon Ami just opened yesterday.  Ordered some fried chicken, spicy pork stir fry and steamed dumplings to go.  Fried chicken was amazing. Light, not greasy at all, extra crispy and very high quality pieces of meat.  Spicy pork stir fry was outstanding, nice and spicy, and the steamed dumplings were extremely fresh and delicious.  Waitstaff were friendly and prices were very reasonable.  This place is a gem!  I really hope it sticks around.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times now- taking food to eat at home. I never associated Korean restaurants and fried chicken, but theirs is amazing- I haven't had such good chicken in years. The meat is high quality, the fry is crisp and not greasy, and the portions are generous. I also had a pork and kim chee stew- it also included mushrooms, tofu, and some vegetables. It was nice and spicy and loaded with ingredients. Definitely a favorite now. I haven't tried the lunch specials but they look good and super cheap. The counter staff have been friendly and helpful (they talked me out of ordering ramen as takeout because they felt the noodles wouldn't hold up). The menu has some more exotic offerings as well- looking forward to trying more. This area of Somerled hasn't had a Korean restaurant - so this is a perfect addition to the neighborhood.
4	Wonderful food and that delicious crispy chicken with a hint of heat is just fantastic. So were the Korean ribs. The decor is minimal (this ain't the place for a romantic meal) and the seating was awful. But the food.... was divine!
5	Got a chance to check out fried chicken here and hubby and I slightly prefer this place over Dawa a few blocks away. At first the prices here seemed a bit steep as there aren't many "single" size boneless portions that you can get compared with Dawa. So we got a full-chicken sized boneless order ($20) and were surprised at how much bigger the portion here seemed compared with a full-chicken sized order at Dawa. Flavour-wise we also slightly preferred here. But you really can't go wrong with either place. Bottom line for me is that if I'm eating solo I would likely go to Dawa so that I can get some boneless chicken for about $12. But if I'm dining as a couple or a group I would recommend this place as there is also a greater variety of dishes in case someone in the group does not want fried chicken. Atmosphere is a little bit nicer here as well...
5	I saw the reviews on Yelp and wanted to try this restaurant for a while now. Had the chance to go there the other day. We were greeted by a very friendly gentlemen who told us we could sit anywhere since there was no one in the place.  When I first try out a restaurant and there's no one when I get there I always prepare for the worst, especially when the restaurant is only a couple of tables with some chairs and doesn't even really look like a restaurant. Still we sat down and took a look at the menu, the waiter came and helped us since there was a lot if Korean items to choose from. There is about 50 items on the menu but we came there for the chicken so that's what we settled for.  We took a the boneless spicy chicken with some rice and it came with pickled raddish and a salad. Now at first the raddish and salad didn't look really good but I still tried them out and let me tell you it was delicious, I ate the whole thing. After a few minutes the chicken came and I have to say this has to be some of the best chicken I ever ate.  It was cut to perfection no nerves or anything nasty in the chicken, the meat was perfectly cooked and super crispy, as for the sauce it was simply amazing, so hot and so sweet at the same time that every bite would leave your mouth burning but you couldn't resist going for another one.  At the end there was nothing left in the plate.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE WORTH THE DRIVE EVEN IF YOU DON'T LIVE CLOSEBY!
5	Not much more to add than what was already said. I also preferred Mon Ami to Dawa. The fried chicken is so crispy, it's off the hook yum. I also had Bibimbap and the amount of beef in it was the most generous out of all the Korean places I've visited in Montreal (Chez Bong, Ganadara, Kantapia, a place near Decarie, and several others, the names of which escape me). The flavoring is really on the spot and the staff is super sweet. At first glance, the prices of some plates (such as the specialties and the fried chicken) look expensive, but then you see the huge portions. Pur small order of chicken for $10.99 was actually 7 pieces of medium sized meat. Very generous. Love this place!
1	I guess fried chicken is the only way to go at this place. My friend and I tried two of their noodle dishes and both were so disappointing. His was the spicy octopus dish - the octopus was tough and practically inedible. I had the black bean noodles - a gloopy and tasteless mess of a plate. So sad. I really wanted to like this place.
3	It was overall a great experience. This is not the kind of place for a fancy nor romantic dinner, more suitable for a quick bite. The fried chicken is definitely a plate to try especially fried food lovers, a bit too plain when no dipping but you can add a sauce for an extra 1$. Not the best korean place so if u live far from this place not worth the travel effort otherwise is worth giving a try :)
