5	On February 11, I experienced the Amargosa Trail between the Hidden Falls Park and Shaded Canyon trailheads. The entrance marker asserts that the distance is 2.4 miles between the two trail heads, with an elevation change of 578 feet, and maximum gradient of 44%.  Based on my experience, I regard this as a moderate hike. The trail surface is rocky and gravelly. I address caution immediately after the alternate trail junction, where there is a short and hilly stretch that requires be in the moment focus to avoid slipping on loose gravel and rock. After the alternate trail rejoins the primary trail, there are switchbacks that descend to a lower elevation. Climbing up the switchbacks could be a work out.  The Amargosa Trail celebrates Black Mountain (Henderson). Before stepping onto the trail head, the Horizon Drive approach to the trail head faces a captivating vista of Black Mountain. The leading segment of Amargosa Trail leads toward Black Mountain. There is an entry marker warning of switchbacks. Contrary to my expectations, Armogasa Trail does not carry hikers up Black Mountain. In the shadow of Black Mountain, Armogasa Trail abruptly changes direction. It roughly travels through a desert landscape bordered by Black Mountain and hills tucked behind the subdivisions off Horizon Ridge Parkway. When Armogasa Trail returns into suburbia, the captivating vistas of Black Mountain still abound. Amargosa Trail also affords postcard views of the Las Vegas Valley, and southeast Henderson framed by the River Mountains. The Las Vegas views are nearer the Shaded Canyon trailhead where the southeast Henderson views are nearer the Hidden Falls Park Trailhead.  My recommendation is to park at Hidden Falls Park, hike to Shaded Canyon Trailhead, maybe have a picnic there, and spend time at Hidden Falls Park.
4	Shaded Canyon Trailhead part of Amargosa Trail has a few picnic benches and bike racks to park your bicycles.  Nice view of the Strip too from here.  Just heed the warning signs.  Gravel can be slippery and there are some dips and sharp twists along this trail ...and most importantly please bring water with you.  It's crazy how I've run into people w/o bottled water along the way.
5	This is my favorite place for a good morning workout. You will work up a good sweat here! I like to take the trail towards black mt and then wind back down the mt once i see the view of the city. Takes about half an hour.
5	Today was my first time on Amargosa Trail.  We parked at Hidden Falls Park and started off with our dog who, admittedly, is a much better hiker than I am.  That being said, we didn't make it to the next trailhead but got up high enough to enjoy spectacular views of the valley.  I'd say this could be a pretty good workout if you make it one, or a leisurely hike that offers breathtaking sights of Black Mountain and incredible views.  Also, from Hidden Falls there's a nice little walking trail that loops back and forth, takes only 10 minutes or so to get to the "end", and gives views of the park and valley below.  What a great place for a hike on a nice day - I feel lucky to live so close to it!  Can't wait to go farther next time.
4	I like that these trails are near a park and neighborhood, just in case you forget water you can buy some right down the street.Short drive or walk up a hill past the Hidden Falls Park. We only explored the trails a bit since it was hot and sunny that day. I didn't find any shade on the trail so keep that in mind when venturing out. There are multiple routes you can take that aren't too difficult, loose rocks can be slippery, so be careful. You can make it a short hike or longer hike.Be safe and hydrate!
5	GREAT SHADE in the evening for a good portion of the trail i was on. BRING WATER!!!!!
4	MAGH...I should have brought a second water bottle.First time on this trail today, and I couldn't wait for it to be over. ( I put on a tough face and didn't whine.)I am not super athletic like my MIL, who does marathons (st. george this weekend), and my guy, who does TRI events and what not.We parked off of Horizon, and were alone, except for this young couple in their white car, making out and getting "it" on..They either didn't see my SUV pull up (which I doubt), or they didn't care.......Awkward.Other than that, we did not see anyone else on the trail the two hours that we were out there. The "switchbacks" on it can be quite steep, and the gravel, sand and rock(s) are quite loose. You must be very careful with your footing.....and watching out for snakes, and wild life..... (duh)Through the steepness, and elements of the walk, I sucked it up and made it through. I prefer Bootleg over this trail... but maybe I will get used to it.The kids in the white car where gone when we returned.
5	This place is perfect if you live in Henderson and don't feel like going all the way to Red Rock or Mt. Charleston for a good hike. The trailhead begins at Hidden Falls Park and if you can, make sure to drive all the way down to the end of it, where there is a decent amount of parking for Amargosa Trail. Immediately, you are greeted with a trail sign, showing not only Amargosa Trail, but other trails in Henderson that you may enjoy. And so, you start your adventure, feeling triumphant and adventurous, until you come to a fork in the road. Do you go left or right? This time, we opted for left, towards the condos that I wish I could afford. The trail itself is fairly easy and there are A LOT of branch offs for people who feel extra adventurous. My husband I were those people. We got to the end of it, seen a branch to a higher area and went for it. Our total adventure was about 1.3 miles and burned around 515 calories. Not bad for an hour! The view is amazing and you can see all of Boulder City and the surrounding mountains. If you go up far enough, like we did, you hear this wonder think called silence. It's always fun to find places like this. Looking off into the distance to see the busy streets, yet not being able to hear anything but the wind at your back. I will be going back a lot. Just be sure to wear appropriate shoes if you opt on some of the harder trails. :) There are a lot of different side trails to take, so this place is only not acceptable if you are a "one trick pony" type of person, but who is?
5	A few months ago, I stumble upon this trail not knowing that it was actually a trail not just some master planned community with nice paved sidewalks/street. I would definitely recommend everyone to check this trail out.
