5	Yum!!! The chocolate cookies here are so amazingly delicious that I really wish I bought more than one. The cookie was perfectly crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside. Also tried the brownie with walnuts and the little apple cinnamon loaf. Both were very good, but the cookie stole the show!This shop is located right behind Le Westin, where we stayed, which was very convenient. I just wish we had discovered it earlier in our stay so I could have eaten more cookies :)
5	Excellent Gluten Free place! Grilled cheese with bacon and onion was amazing! Muffins and the carrot cake are very tasty! A must try if your in Montreal!
5	I don't normally eat sweets but I had the chocolate mini cupcake and I ate the whole thing in probably a minute.  It was that good.
5	Having celiac disease, I absolutely love this place. It's fantastic!The brownies are great, along with the carrot cake, muffins, and the coffee isn't bad either.  Perfect for anyone suffering from celiac disease or is gluten intolerant.  The price point is perfect.  Did I mention they have grilled cheese sandwiches?  Fantastic!
4	after sharing many cakes and pastries at work and knowing that my supervisor has celiac disease and can't enjoy what we're having (you could tell there was a little tear in the corner of her eye every time), i end up at this gluten free shop to test drive some items before deciding if its worth plunging in and get some cake and cookies for work.well, it is that good! got a mix bag of 6 mini cookies (no tax): lemon/ginger, maple/chocolate, chocolate and chai. load with flavor, those cookies are packing quite a punch and lovely scent. the chai and lemon/ginger ones will make your taste buds as well as your nose quite happy! *happy dance*i did looked at their cake selection (before going with the cookies) and the reine elizabeth looks mighty mouth watering.their opening hours fucking suck though. they operated during the 8 to 5 work day and saturday only. and the fact that they are in old montreal makes this quite a trip to get there..anyway, treat yourself to some really delicious cookies and probably cake too
