5	We are new to the Madison area, and the move across the country stressed our cat out terribly.  He was having bladder issues, and behaving extremely aggressively when we would try to take him to a local vet clinic.  We figured we would try a mobile vet to see if staying at home would keep him calmer.Luckily this idea worked out wonderfully.  Dr. Lisa came into our apartment and took her time in letting our cat sniff her out and relax.  She was extremely kind and patient, played with him and gave him treats...it was easy to see she truly loved animals and wanted to help.  Our cat was so much more calm and comfortable with this situation rather than being in a strange room at a clinic.  I've had pets my whole life, but this was my first time using a mobile vet.  I must say, going this route far exceeds having to deal with the stressful process of going to the vet!Dr. Lisa is wonderful, and we will certainly be using her as our veterinarian going forward.
5	I have had pets of various sorts for over 50 years and lived in over 5 states.  When I moved to the Madison area I was down to one elderly cat and adjusting to a new area and life style.  Of all the vets that I have dealt with, I have never admired and trusted any of them more than Dr. Lisa.  A mobile service was a god-send to me and to my cat.  No more having to shove him in a cage and struggle to carry him and eject him onto a cold, metal table.  The stress factor is so much less with this service.  And Dr. Lisa's gentle, patient, and caring approach was so welcome for both my Kitty and for me. A caring pet owner appreciates to no end the obvious love that Dr. Lisa has for our pets.In short, Dr. Lisa's service and her compassionate bed-side manner  is nothing short of a blessing.  I cannot imagine making any other choice.
5	Dr. Lisa is an excellent vet.  Her mobile clinic makes it much easier for our cat (who hates car rides!).  She has cared for our cat for several years, and her rates are very reasonable.  She is very knowledgeable and has a clean, well equipped mobile clinic.  She not only does standard annual check-ups, but will also perform most other types of testing right in her lab, with quick results.  She also never pressures us into expensive, possibly unnecessary testing like some other vets.  She has a great bedside manner, and we couldn't recommend her more highly.  I rarely write on-line reviews, but really wanted to spread the word about Dr. Lisa!
5	As a senior citizen for whom transporting a "portly" kitty to a vet's office is a chore both for me and my kitty,  Dr. Lisa is a blessing.  A mobile vet makes life easier for the owner and the pet.  I moved to Madison over 4 years ago with an elderly kitty to whom Dr. Lisa gave wonderful care and now currently have another senior citizen kitty who also appreciates that she doesn't have to be subjected to the trauma of vet office visits  In the over 60 years that I have owned pets, I have never had a vet that I have had more respect for or admired more.  I can't imagine why anyone would even consider lugging their pets to an office when Paws & Claws Mobile Service is available!If you want to make your pets happy as well as yourself, give Dr.Lisa a call.
