4	The BF and I went here tonight after getting a Groupon for this store (40$ for 80$..pretty sweet). We got there about 10 minutes before closing, which was very rude of us, but the people who were working there didn't seem to mind and still gave us outstanding service! So much so that the woman who worked there offered to gift wrap a pair of shoes for us...even when we kept them late. The place has a good selection of comfortable and specialty shoes and I like supporting a local business. Give this place a shot the next time you need a nice pair of shoes!
5	Best select of men & women's sandals. Very helpful and friendly staff. I highly recommend!
1	If you are not past 70, or a yuppy hippy this store is not for you. Completely overpriced, most sandals for women were over $100 and looked like something my granny donated to goodwill. They carry all sorts of birkenstockesque kinda shoes.They boast "comfort" shoes, but who cares where you are walking when your feet look that ugly. I'll sacrifice a bit of comfort for a hot pair of wedges any day.
4	I have come to this store many times because it's a pillar of Mill Ave.. they've been here as long as I can remember and I've always known it for comfort, quality (note, not hip, sexy, and cheap) made shoes... so, for those looking for hip, sexy, cheap shoes.. not for you.They do have some cute shoes that aren't 'granny' looking, but then again 'granny' may be all in the eye of the beholder.. at least for me, I have frequently seen cute shoes here that are usually over $80, so it's not like I buy gobs of them.  BUT, when my mother in law needed quality, comfortable, long-lasting shoes for her job, I found her the perfect pair here... not cheap, but I'm pretty confident her shoes will last her a long time considering the manufacturer and quality of the sole and leather.Expensive, non stiletto-sexy girl shoes, but comfortable, quality-made shoes and personal customer service from this pillar of Mill Ave.. I'm a fan!
5	Very knowledgable and friendly staff, they know their products well. Trail runners, dress shoes, clogs, sandals, Vibram five fingers, burks. It's worth a visit.
5	The salespeople here are so patient. Finding shoes that fit me is a looong project and the salespeople here never complain when I am there for an hour or more, trying things on, walking around, asking for different sizes, etc. They are helpful and knowledgable. and leave me alone when I need to think about what I want. I have easily returned shoes that don't turn out to fit. Yes, their shoes are expensive, but the service is excellent and the shoes last forever.
4	Awesome shoe store on Mill Avenue. Traveling in AZ with really uncomfortable walking shoes. Popped in and tried on super comfortable shoes from Wolky, Ecco and Birkenstock. Walked around on a Wolky cloud for the rest of the trip.
5	Amazing store!  Privately owned - I love buying shoes from a private owner, they always try harder and have great customer service like this little shop.  I tried on a million shoes but the clerk was so friendly and cheerful through it all.  I ended up buying two pair of shoes - both on sale which was a bonus - one was Josef Seibel and was was something else but both VERY comfortable.  I have bunions and flat feet, so this is definitely the place to go if you have foot problems.  Worth the drive from Green Valley, Arizona!
5	Shoe Mill has the most comfortable shoes for men and women. Great atmosphere with knowledgable staff. Amazing selection of shoes. I would recommend to a friend.
5	Very scary place with a lot of room on your credit card. Staff friendly and knowledgeable . Many brands and great sales tax for this Cali girl with a slight shoe addiction !
5	I have been to the shoe mill twice, and both times walked out not only with great shoes, but with exceptional customer service.  I had surgery on my foot in October and had to completely revamp my shoe collection, as the flats/sandals with no support weren't an option for me anymore.  I searched high and low at Dillard's, Nordstrom, Macy's, (and every other department store) to find shoes that I could wear and also that weren't hideous.  I had very little luck and was feeling pretty defeated until I stumbled upon the Shoe Mill.  I probably spent over an hour the first time I went, trying on various shoes to determine what would best suit my needs (and in styles I liked).  The sales woman was incredibly patient, and had no problem continuing to bring me shoes until I found some I liked.  I went back last week to search for a pair of flip flops/sandals that could support my feet through the summer and I was met again with the same wonderful customer service (from two different sales women).  They never pressure you to buy anything, and they seem just as committed to you finding shoes that fit and that you like as you are.  I am going back next week to get a pair of shoes that is coming in with their latest shipment and will definitely be back anytime I need good shoes.  Note to prospective shoe buyers: Yes, the shoes are expensive, but when you're buying shoes that are well made and are meant to last, you can't expect to spend $20/pair.  The Shoe Mill also has frequent shoe styles on sale, and the prices you pay are on par (if not cheaper) than other retailers for the brands you're getting.
5	We were visiting Phoenix area and I wanted a new pair of Birkenstock's. I checked Yelp for the best store in the area.  As previously mentioned, the store is pricey but Birkenstock are any way. Helen assisted us immediately upon entering and got me fitted and setup with new sandals immediately with several options. I then wanted my wife to get something and for the next 30 mins my wife tried on atleast 20 different shoes. Helen was fabulous and kept the shoes coming so my wife could make a good choice.  Yes I did spend a lot of money and I normally dont like to spend a lot, but after the excellent customer service and hospitality I didnt mind. The store sells quality merchandise which is pricey, but you get what you pay for. If I ever come back to the area and need shoes or sandals, I will be back to see Helen. Great store and service!!!
1	Walked in with my mom so she could buy some shoes.  The girls working there must have been having a bad day because my mom wasn't treated well at all.  Tall /red head in a green dress threw a box of shoes on the ground so close to my mom because my mom didn't like the style that was brought to her.   What a shame- we would have bought every pair that fit and had a good style.Bad service.  Bad attitude. For no solid reason.
