4	My family and I have dinner here at least 4 times a month.  They have excellent pizza and terrific wings.  Sometimes, I'll stop and order from their lunch menu which includes an assortment of pizza and a salad bar. I recommend if you're looking for great chicago style pizza!
5	This is the best tasting pizza ever! We love to order the one topping extra large with just mushrooms. Yummmm. They slice their mushrooms extra thin so when they are cooked under the hot oven, they don't get all mushy but instead become full of flavor. My mouth is watering just thinking about them...We have always requested delivery and it has always come on time and in the best possible condition. Very fast and friendly service.
4	When we are too tired to cook, and want a guaranteed yummy pizza, this is the place to go. OR when we meet  up with other friends that  have  kids under five, we meet up here. Favorite pizzas are the combo or  all meat pizza. They have all  the standard toppings and their crust is semi-thick. For those from the SF Bay Area, this place reminds me of Round Table.  The kids spaghetti and meatballs is so  yummy, and  the prices are right.There's a place for little kids to play in the dining  room.  I think it must be an annoying place to eat if you do not have kids.  One  time, a man  yelled at me because all the loud kids in the place were annoying him -  I thought it was funny because I was only responsible for one of the ten running around. Bottom line, this place caters to families  -  so if you are a kid-less couple looking for a quiet romantic pizza dinner, order take out!
3	Barros' pizza is fucking bomb.but i was very annoyed by paying for ranch dipping sauce, and the "buffalo" dipping sauce...i'm sorry people..but hot wing sauce isn't thick like dressing. it's ok tho. but for like 50 cents....please.
3	Pizza is one of the few things in life that even when it is bad, it is good. I would like to give them 5 stars because we have seen this place at its best and they rock. However, there are times they make Pizza Hut seem like an upgrade. McDonald's makes millions not by making a great hamburger, but by making a consistently bad burger. You know what to expect, and the expectation is consistently met. Our family and friends incorporated this restaurant into our routine and have been there many times. Occasionally we'll have them deliver, but usually we hang out there. They make a good pizza at a fair price. Place is generally well kept and service is friendly and courteous. You can watch the Diamondbacks AND Suns while the kids watch Nick on the big screen. It's a family restaurant and you are likely to experience someone testing boundaries. If you can't stand being exposed to the process of child rearing they deliver. You are reading this because you should be forewarned: When they are busy they are not very good. The timing is off, the food quality is poor... ok, they're bad. Yogi Berra once said of a popular restaurant: "Nobody goes there no more, it's too crowded!" If you can walk up to the counter and order, then easily find a table - you'll enjoy the experience. If there is a line and no tables - it's a gamble. If you've been and left without joy, give them a try when they're not weeded. Recommend light sauce and extra cheese with whatever toppings appeal to you. Gluten free unlikely to affect you appetite, tastes good enough to add a pant size.
3	3 Stars...so far. I must preface this by letting you know I've yet to step into the restaurant. This review is purely based on my deliveries. Great place for a topping-friendly, good crust, cooking substitute.  Crust is not too thin, and like I said...topping friendly. The Barro's classic is pretty nice and despite the amount of toppings the sauce still rides in every chew. My one and only semi-gripe so far, is their wings were DRENCHED in sauce. Now, I love a good wing sauce and can appreciate it...but it makes you feel like they just have buckets of this stuff in the back. blugh. Didn't care to finish them.Other than that....their consistency is attractive.
3	Everyone I know in the Celiac world in Phoenix has been raving about Barro's gluten free pizza so I decided to give it a try. My whole immediate family avoids wheat and gluten; mom, dad, daughter and I, so taking my dad there for an early father's day lunch worked out perfectly.We visited the one in Ahwatukee on Chandler Blvd, which I think may have been one of the first they opened in Phoenix. A friend of mine worked there in high school when it was just a tiny take out place, and on her first day of work she set accidentally pushed the button that silently alerts the police in case of a robbery. They showed up with guns drawn and I don't think I've let her live that down in the 15 or so years I've known her. I was surprised to see that they have expanded into a full restaurant with a bar - I guess it's been a while since I was last there.We ordered 2 gluten free pizza's - one white pizza at my mom's request and the second a cheese and salami as dad's choice. With a couple of drinks it came out to about $25...comparable to other places that sell gluten free pizza, but they only offer small gf crusts so you get a bit less for the price. It took about 20 minutes or so for the food to come out and we were all really excited to dig in when it came out. Their gluten free crust is more of a thin style than some of the others I've tried, and while it was pretty tasty, the edges came out burnt and it was a little greasy for my taste.Overall I'd say their gluten free pizza is good, but not great. I think I preferred the white pizza since there was just something about the tomato sauce that I wasn't a huge fan of. I think I was so impressed by Spinato's amazing pizza sauce that this just couldn't compare.Barro's is very clean, comfy and perfect for dining with kids. Not my favorite gluten free pizza joint in the valley, but certainly worth trying again sometime. http://wp.me/pQ3DR-1L
4	So Barro's inside...awesome! Pizza fresh out of the oven...pretty awesome as well. (They have a gluten-free option too, didn't know that). But the interior has sold me and I've been probably a dozen times with the kiddos. My daughter simply knows it as "the pizza place". They have a cool little play area for kids with an activity table, toys, and a couple smaller tables for them to eat if they'd like. They do have Nick blaring on the big screen TV (which plays Spongebob more than any of us care for) but other than that, the play area sold me. There are plenty of TVs all over the place too, so catching some sports is never a problem, either.Pizza...still really good although not amazing...great value though. Chicken Strips are more like chicken nuggets, and they give you a few packs of ketchup and a bag of chips...soooo...ehh. Wings are decent at the place. Teeny weeny bit fatty (but enough to make em flavorful). Oh and PS...Shock Top on Draft. si. All in all...I give them an A-. Awesome atmosphere, great setup...just minor details that would make it amazing. Given the fact I've never seen the actual place at even 60% full...I see why the focus is on their delivery and pies. Great Job Barros in the Tukes!
1	The place is practically run by teenagers. So-so service, and food is okay.You order at the cashier, they give you a number, and then they deliver the food to you. Problem is, they bring it as it's done, not as you'll want it. Ordered Wings and Pizza with another couple. They got their wings we got nothing so we got to watch them eat. We then got our wings... they got to watch us, then they got their pizza, and we got our pizza. Woulda been nice to get them all at the same time.Great place if you're dropping off a bunch a kids after a baseball game for just some pizza. other than that... I'd stay away.
3	I like to order the cheesy bread with toppings.  Huge and cheaper then a pizza plus I like the flavor better.Love that it is large and has a place for the kids to play.  They offer gluten free pizza and beer for my husband so that is a huge bonus.  $2.50 for a glass of wine!We drive around the mountain to get here.
5	Barro's Pizza is awesome. I came here for dinner Saturday night and loved it.  Please was quiet, but pizza was good none the less.  The girl who took my order was friendly, even for late on a Saturday night.Barro's pizza is the bomb, and I will be back, thats for sure.
2	Barro's has been our Go-To take-out for years. Last night we got a large cheese and noticed the crust has changed and not for the better. I hope it was a fluke, maybe someone forgot a key ingredient.
3	Food is good, but the service is slow. Each time I've been to Barro's Pizza they've taken over an hour to get the order out to the table. The food is good so I don't mind going back for slow service.
3	Pizza is great, but ever since they moved the service sucks. Been here  numerous times and they never enough people working to provide good service.... C'mon Barros you're bigger and busier now, fix this.
4	Please note this location has moved to 48th St and Ray.  It's in the strip center by The Roomstore.  I think their pizza and wings are good.   The food is reasonably priced too.
