4	These guys always treat me like a man!  I get to watch the game (whatever game is on) while being treated like royalty.  I always do the MVP which includes a cut, wash, shoulder massage and hot towel on my face.  I get a good cut and a discount card that gives me a free cut every once in awhile.  I would recommend this place for any "man"!!
5	Great place!  All associates are great here!
2	Sports Clips is supposed to be a "guys" haircut place. They have TV's with sports etc. Despite being a "guys" haircut place it doesn't stop the women that work there from yapping non-stop to each other while they cut hair which is extremely obnoxious. Non-stop giggling and pointless banter. Worse yet, some of them will try and engage you while they cut your hair "What do you do for a living? Any plans today" Seriously? STFU, I am trying to relax. If you work here and are thinking "some guys talk back so they must not mind". Trust me, they are just being polite. No guy wants to engage in this type of conversation. In fact, most guys probably went to get a haircut to get away from the annoying pointless conversation you are trying to engage him in.
4	Ask for Stephie or Monica!
4	I go here sometimes when I am busy and it is solid.  Cutters have the basics down and are nice.  Plus, there is a game on the TV.
2	Very nice lady. Bad haircut, I shaved it off and went bald after I went home. Hot towel and shampoo was pretty good though
4	i come here today because i wanted to try something different. i have been to other places and other sports clips. i like this one the lady who did my hair was very fast, quick and understood what i want. a high fade, #2 on top and everything else shaved. too easy. i was done in 10 minutes at most. after the cut i got the shampoo and massage thingy i dont know why its the first time ive ever had this at a sports clips, the other places offer it but they will tell you its more pricey. she then had me go back to the chair and finely trim some spots the razors missed... the lady did an amazing job. most places will mess up my hair or the blend will be too high. she was on point i will come back again... not 5 stars because some of our conversation to me seemed different. why would i be asked if im married, single, what am i doing in vegas ?? just... different i guess... i would come back yes because they got my hair done right.
4	They have later hours compared to most barbers that close at 5 p.m. so right away that won me over since I work late at the office. I have two boys. One has very thick, unruly hair, so if he goes a few weeks without a hair cut, he looks very unkempt. As a mother, I was desperate for my child to get a hair cut. It was a bit past 6 so I called first to make sure it would be okay for my son and I to walk in (they close at 7). The girl on the phone was very polite and said yes. My son has been going to the same barber since he was 2, so I was expecting men, loud rowdy barbers and customers, speaking over each other, discussing and watching the games being played on TV. There was none of that here so I felt more relaxed, being a solo woman at an all men barber shop can feel a bit uncomfortable at times. The barbers here are women. They are all very polite and good at what they do. I will stick to my sons barber, but if I'm ever in a dilly again, I'd bring my son in for another cut.
3	Place is ok. Been to one Sport Clips you been to them all. Not great and certainly not sub standard.
5	Place is awesome.. !! guys complaining.. then go to ULTA for your haircuts.. ! Maria at this location is the best.. !! she's the wife you wish you had... courteous and great haircut for the price.. !
5	Always great service at the sport clips on rampart. Staff is friendly. Love the hot towels and massage with the MVP. I always get the double. Love Stephie
