4	This place is one of the best places to go if you want great happy hour specials. Food is always great, beer is always tasty and the service is very friendly and always at your service.
4	In another city, this would be a 3 star bar, in Mesa - it gets the boring-as-hell-city one-star bump. Definitely not the best sports bar, but there is enough going for it that it's definitely worth checking out....Pros:Decent specials during the weekAwesome, awesome, awesome wings!Cute waitresses (especially Ashley, who I might dare call hot)Clint, the usual night manager, is the manPretty good food (especially the mac and cheese and aforementioned wings)Tons of TVsNice outdoor patioMonday Night Football BingoFree Poker ThursdayCons:Bad weekend music (and in general the weekends are lame, but that's East Mesa for you)Octogenassholes during the specialsNo sun-blocking screen for some of the outdoor TVsNo wing special for football and no pitchersAnnoying and terrible trivia and trivia hostLike I said, not perfect, but if you want a nice place to watch a game or grab some after-work drinks, Sunday Funday, etc, it's about as good as East Mesa has....(Oh, and in the purpose of full-disclosure, Ashley is my girlfriend....so yeah maybe I'm a little biased, even though she'd probably yell at me if she saw the cons in my review)Update 8/24: She did yell at me
4	If you remember and like the television series Cheers, this place is for you. Stumbled upon the place while looking for a new neighborhood watering hole. Something different than the chain restaurants and bars popping up like shopping malls.This is the kind of place where everyone knows your name, the bar was filled with regulars who knew each other, and on the afternoon I visited, the staff took the time to make me feel welcomed. Good selection of national and premium drafts. Excellent happy hour price. Plenty of televisions to watch your favorite sports. I ordered teh wings, nacho plate, and two pints of Four Peaks Kilt Lifter Beer.I'll be back!
3	We were looking for a spot to grab a bite to eat after checking into our hotel the other night and since this was close by we decided to check it out. It's kind of a combination of Irish pub, sports bar, and nightclub. More of a place where the locals go and the people staying at the nearby hotels hit up for a drink. Decent selection of beers on tap, bottles, and daily drink specials. $2.50 Harp bottles all the time! Really good happy hour deals too.Lots of screens to watch the games, and even an outside patio area to hang out on. Then night we went there was a DJ spinning tunes and a wedding party was occupying the small dance floor area. Yeah, this was kind of strange but it looked like they were having a good time.Tasty selection of bar food here. Chicken fingers and fries were actually pretty decent. Nice and juicy chicken and crispy fries.Staff here is really friendly and attentive. We might hit it up again before we leave.
3	An Irish pub that plays club music.  Interesting.  Fun enough!
4	Great for watching sports! Had the Club Sandwich which was very good. Big enough to share. On the breakfast menu the corn beef hash is nice chunks of chopped brisket - very good!  Service has always been good and there are daily specials and happy hour prices.
4	Really cool hangout.  It looks a bit dingy, but it is great food, fantastic service, and $2.50 bottles of Harp all the time.Oh, and it's not on the buzz time (NTN) website, but they have it.
4	Just stopped in by chance, it was close to the hotel.  Great sports bar, lots of tv's, even outside.  Good service, fish and chips were Awesome! Very large place, easy to get seated, people very friendly....
1	I had never been to RT O'Sullivan's but assumed by the name that this was in Irish Pub.  When we arrived it even looked as if it were an Irish Pub but the second our feet hit the threshold we could not have been more wrong.  The very first thing we noticed was the music that the DJ was playing.  It was vulgar, disgusting and degrading rap music.  Don't think me a prude....I like some rap music myself but every other word was the "F" word with explicit sexual content and I mean every single song the DJ played.  The clientele on the dance floor all looked like thugs (me thinks I'm going to see a throw-down on the dance floor any minute).  The place was dirty and it stunk.  I couldn't figure out what the smell was......We didn't order any food (the stink and atmosphere prevented me from doing that) and although my friends ordered a drink I did not.  I felt so uncomfortable there I couldn't wait to leave.  We stayed about 45 mins. which was 45 mins. too long.  If you are looking for an Irish Pub this is NOT THE PLACE!  It is so far removed from Irish (beyond the Irish decor) that you can get.  Not only do I not recommend this place I recommend you stay far, far away!
4	We've driven past RT O'Sullivan's a zillion times and always said we should eat there some time, but would always end up a BJ's instead.  We finally forced ourselves to stop and were we pleasantly surprised.  It's not much from the outside, looks like a dive bar.  The inside is dark as you would expect a sports bar to look, but it was very clean and had lots of TV's and seating options, including a large outdoor patio.  They had both Guiness and Four Peaks on tap and a wide selection of food.I ordered the hot corned beef sandwich with a side salad and it was delicious.  The corned beef was lean and included melted cheese and Boar's Head deli mustard.Just beware of the Leprechaun on the way to the restrooms, I'm sure I've seen him on some horror movies.We will definitely go back and it might even become out new haunt.
2	Weird little establishment put together with a weird crowd.  Maybe it was just this Friday night but everything about it was pretty obnoxious down to the server, clientele, and DJ blasting music. It seemed like the employees were doing the bare minimum and didn't really wanna help anyone.
3	First time here, but will be back
4	R.T.'s is a hidden gem of a watering hole right in the heart of "snowbird land".  I mention "snowbird land" because after going four times I can make a generalization that the bulk of their income comes from people over the age of 65.  The food is very reasonably priced and the service is some of the best in the area.
3	My husband and I went for a glass of wine, late Sunday afternoon.  The waitress was extremely pleasant, but obviously had way too many tables, as it took almost a half an hour to be served our wine.  The place had a good crowd, but I only counted three waitpersons for the large restaurant.  It obviously was not enough wait people for the football crowd.  I would suggest to the manager that he needs more wait people.  I am not sure that we will return.
1	The Wednesday night trivia guy is HORRIBLE.
4	Great food beer and wine.This is a great place to have fish & chips & watch the games!
5	Love this place, everything about it!
1	R.T. O'Sullivans and places like it are the reason people pretty much just stay home.  Terrible service, overpriced drinks and an atmoshere that makes watching paint dry seem exciting. Three dollars for a 14 oz draft? And thats when you can get the bar wench to acknowledge your existance. Oh, and you will need to go to the bar for a drink because the high school mentality wait staff are too engrossed in each others dialog to realize they actually work there.  Short of a pool table this place has nothing to offer.
1	you definitely lost me as a customer. my friend and i went in on a Sunday afternoon  specifically for the veggie tray. We sat outside considering it was a beautiful day. We waited 15 minutes, while flagging down  the waitress. she completely ignored us. the people at the table next to us noticed her ignoring us and said they would ask her to come over to us when she returned to their table with their drinks. Still, she continued to ignore us. Then I proceeded to tell the hostess and she did not seem very concerned and said she would send someone over. We waited another five minutes, still no service. So, we left. that is SO ridiculous! never again will i return to this place. That was the absolute worst customer service and made us feel very unwelcome.
1	The patio was nice,  but don't expect to get good service when you sit there. Took over 15 mins before we got our drinks even ordered.  Everyone finished our drinks before our lunch order was take.  An hour later the food finally came out. It wasn't really hot and looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The server said they had a large party come in. So she was spending her time with them and forgot out the people outside. There was 4 tables outside and we all complained.  The food was not worth the wait
3	Nice layout. Plenty of TV's and almost any sport you can think of.Service is just ok. I usually only go around lunch and happy hour so I don't know what the night time is like. The food is ok. Some items are better than others. The fish and chips can be really good at times and then not so much other times. The pizza was surprisingly good. I'm usually skeptical about pizza on the menu at an Irish bar but it was pretty good.
5	One of the best places around for sports.  It reminds me of a good ol Midwest sports bar.
4	Great place to watch sports, cover charges on boxing matches are to high especially with never any drink specials.  Food is mediocre.  Service is decent overall not a bad spot, but there are better options close by.
2	.
4	I use to go here once or twice a month with my buddy.  There cheese stick are delicious and there dorky trivia games are fun.  The drinks are alright and I like that it's never crowded.  At least where I've sat it's never been crowded.They seem pretty good at keeping the noisy crowd away from those who would rather eat, maybe have a drink or two, and just hang out with their friends and talk.The bathrooms are you typical bar bathroom.  Ya know the kind that even when you scrub it for 2 hours straight it still looks dirty.  You splash a coat of paint and someone will still write on the walls like they are 12 years old and not grown women.I suggest checking there website to see what events are going on before heading there.  My friend and I made the mistake of going there one night to talk and catch up and it turned out there a live band that night.  The band was so loud that even across the entire room they were able to drown out my conversation with my friend.  We ended up ordering food and waiting them out figuring they couldn't play forever and eventually they'll go away.  Which they did and it got better.The place is pretty cheap too so I'll always go back here.
4	I have been coming here for years.  The happy hour is always a good deal.  The loaded potato skins with chicken are the best appetizer.  The restaurant features live trivia on Wednesday nights with Moses at 7 where you can win gift cards.  The fish and chips are excellent.  The service is usually good.
3	There is nothing amazing about R.T.'s. In fact, in a lot of ways its pretty sub-par. It's kind of dingy, the food is pretty unhealthy (but what would you expect?), I've gotten food poisoning, there is a huge turnover with waitstaff, and at least 50% of the time my order comes out wrong or incomplete. Why do I return? A quality beer selection and Wednesday night trivia with Moses. My fiance and I are trivia buffs and we think this is one of the best trivia nights in the valley. Moses is funny and the format is really good- much better than Team Trivia that has taken over at most bars.So, if you're looking for something to do on a Wednesday night definitely check out RT's. Otherwise, keep driving. You can do better.
3	Service is VERY slow! We came at 3:30 hoping that we would be in and out but that was not the case. Apparently the managers feel it's okay to only have one cook on during this time. So instead of a reasonable ten to 15 minute ticket time we waited 25 minutes for the appetizer, 2 minutes after that the food came out. We ordered dessert and waited 20 minutes for that. We ended up leaving instead of continuing to wait but the dessert she offered us was pitiful.  The food was okay and we will probably be back but not unless we have a lot of time to wait.
5	RTO is a great place to hang out - especially on Tuesday nights at 7pm when they have deliciiys BOGO Burger meals and Trivia with Moses. Sit in MELISSA'S section - she is fun and sometimes gives ya Trivia hints !!
