5	OK...so there were some things I left out of my first review. Mostly because I didn't want to portray myself as the obnoxious loud mouth that I am. The first time I came here I noticed they had a sign on the door that said "We're open on Thanksgiving". I marched up the counter and told the guy "Open on Thanksgiving? What a bunch of bullshit. People can go one day without their precious bagels." Soooo wouldn't you know it....Thanksgiving rolls around and guess who just has to have a salt bagel? That's right - the woman who announced how despicable it was that a bagel shop would be open for 4 hours on this most sacred of feeding frenzy days. I hung my head in shame and walked in a few minutes before they closed. Of course, the guy mopping the floor was the same one I'd told only days before how I'd never go into a business on Thanksgiving. I avoided eye contact and ordered my bagels. They only had 2 salt left, so I got a couple of jalapeno and asiago cheese. The gentleman at the counter who I'm assuming was Hector (of Hector's Bagel Nosh) was awesome and gave me a couple extra asiago bagels so I ended up walking out with 9 bagels instead of 6! Now THAT is something to be thankful for!!! Of course the bagel quality was amazing and we noshed on them until we weren't even hungry for turkey. Seriously, I'll take Hector's Bagel Nosh Bagels over stuffing and mashed potatoes any day of the year.
4	A few weeks ago I was in the Phoenix area and found Bagel Nosh on Yelp.  Their bagels are chewy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside-just how you want a bagel.  They have bagels ready to go, as well as an assortment of bagel sandwiches.  The person who helped me was very nice and put together my bagel quickly and it tasted great.  The only possible downside was the coffee was a little cold, but then again I came after the breakfast rush.  Try the Bagel Nosh and I don't think you will be disappointed.
4	i've been wanting to check this place out for some time now especially since i always see some of the ladies at work ordering lunch from this place. on mondays they have this sweet daily special with their lunch sandwiches....you get a free fountain drink and a side included with your sandwich. awesome. i was a bit overwhelmed by the menu when i first walked in. being the only one there i was feeling the pressure to quickly order something. i went with the turkey avocado club on a wheat bagel...can't go wrong with avocados or anything with bacon. =P definitely a good choice. had the pasta salad side which was tasty for the most part and i decided to try the passion fruit ice tea which was alright. super yummy food. i really hope i don't start getting cravings for this place.
1	Like watching a train wreck in slow motion will definitely be going somewhere else for bagels from now on disappointing have been going there for years.  The eight day old cream cheese was a nice touch (yuck!)
1	This place used to be good when Hector owned and operated it.  At that time they also had competent staff.  It has recently with the past few years turned over many many times.  It seems to get worse each time I give it another try.  Their bagels are pretty good when they have them but often the service experience and the lack of inventory makes you want to jump through the glass window.  By the time my church lets out on Sunday they are usually down to the weird bagels and no sesame or poppy.  If there are more than two people in front of you when ordering, just run like hell.
4	I was drawn to this place because of the photos they have on their windows of their bagel sandwiches.  I finally found the time to stop by for breakfast and wasn't disappointed.  The lady working the counter was super sweet and patient with me while I debated a nova lox or egg, ham and cheese... the latter won.  I wasn't disappointed.  The sandwich was moist and delish... a lot better than Einstiens.
5	5 stars for an Arizona bagel. 3.5 for NYC.
5	The best bagel shop I have been too. Cream cheese is the best you will ever try, and their bagels are delicious with many flavors to choose from . I love the breakfast and lunch sandwiches! Their coffee is also better than Starbucks and cheaper too :-) If you are in the area i would recommend trying them out. Everyone is very friendly with a big smile on their faces .
2	It is a bad sign when you walk into a place and instantly have an uncontrollable desire to clean something...anything...It would behoove them to maybe wipe a few things down, or brew their tea fresh in the morning, or possibly even bake their goods before opening, instead of the day before.
5	I am surprised at some of the low reviews for this place. Since moving to Gilbert, I rave about Bagel Nosh :) It is probably the best place for bagels and the service is fantastic! Recently, I took my boyfriend there and he quickly understood why this is my new addiction. The staff is friendly and the Honey Walnut on French Toast- to DIE for!! Love this place!
3	I love this place and the service is always first rate and I invariably throw a buck into the tip jar. But I confess that I was put off this morning by their new tablet payment system that confronts you with whether or not to tip before you can sign for your purchase. I have absolutely no problem with tipping for table service, but when I go directly to the counter and buy something to go, the idea of being hit up with tip suggestions is disconcerting to me. Maybe this will be happening soon at gas stations and Home Depot, but I hope not.
4	It was Sat morning and I was with my friend and we were headed to the dog park and said hey lets grab a bite to eat, so we stopped at Bagel Nosh. I love bagels, so why not!This was my 1st time at a bagel nosh and I have to say, what a nice selection of bagels they have to offer. I picked out a jalapeno & cheese bagel that was still warm from the oven and jalapeno cream cheese. Like I said the bagel was still warm and the cream cheese really surprised me, they have whole slices of jalapenos in the cream cheese, that right there was the bomb!  Delish I tell you!  Fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together!
4	What a great find. I haven't found many breakfast joints that give off the "mom and pop" "been here forever" vibe that you find in other big cities. Bagel Nosh fills that void. Meal was fresh and affordable. The lox and cream cheese bagel I order was much better than the one I had for twice the price at a reputable/hip restaurant the week before. Well worth it.
3	Is the best bagel place I've been to? No. I came here for a "to go" breakfast with my man. As we were waiting for our food, he whispered to me "this place is filthy". The vent above the bagel rack was so dusty! The counters, floors and tables looked like they hadn't been wiped down either. We had already paid so we just decided to get our food and go. The guy who helped us was very sweet but incredibly slow. We spent almost 20 minutes waiting for 2 bagel sandwiches and a chocolate chip muffin. The bagel sandwiches tasted good (I tried a tomato basil bagel) and liked it. I also thought the variety in bagels was nice. The muffin wasn't my favorite but was edible. Prices were reasonable but nothing great. Just like my review says, A-OK.
1	I'm not a bagel expert but I am from New York and know bagels. I used to love this place when Hector owned it. Then, another owner had it, and now I am unsure who owns it but the bagels have gotten very sad.Formerly chewy and remarkable, they have deteriorated to grocery store quality that doesn't satisfy. They are so swollen and breadlike, often there are no holes. I had the last dozen presliced and each one has a 1/4 inch bottom and large top that now won't fit in my wide slot toaster.Goodbye Bagelnosh. Whimper.
4	Best bagels in town. The texture of the bagels is perfect, they are dense and not a chewy as other bagels. I also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well. My favorite is the Honey walnut. You will not be disappointed.
5	I am from Philadelphia and finding a quality bagel here in Arizona is impossible! We came across Bagel Nosh one morning and decided to give it a shot.  We were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels!  It really reminded me so much of what we had available back east.  This place is awesome!
5	I had the owner take my order today. He's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich. He was making jokes- very personable. I got the Ruben pastrami.. YUM!!! So good!!  I like local own businesses and recommend this for breakfast and lunch :)
3	Came here with my parents while they were in town. Had driven past this place countless times in my neighborhood but never stopped in. Everything was ok. Nothing less and nothing more. Obviously family owned, which can be good and it can be bad. I had a toasted onion w/light cream cheese and it did the job. Better than the mcdonalds it's next to!...
2	The price for a single bagel is .92 cents, add tax and its a buck.  If you buy six bagels they charge you $6.54.  That's $1.00 each plus tax.  I explained this to the clerk who kept saying, "that's just what the button charges..."  Are you serious?  I asked for the difference back and she refused saying again, that it's just what the button charges.  Either list the increased half dozen price so that I have a chance to agree to the price or fix the button.  I'm forced to dispute the charge.
1	I typically only leave reviews if my experience is positive.  Had to make an exception here. Went to this spot on the weekend and the bagels were awful.  The two varieties i got tasted the same, like they been frozen at some point. I ordered an asiago bagel with egg and cheese.  The egg was pre made and reheated in the microwave with the cheese on top. When I got home to eat my much anticipated breakfast, I was immediately disappoited. Even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down. The cream cheese tasted sour.  I had a stomach ache all day. I'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here. Won't be returning, unfortunately.
3	Bagel alone, this place is a solid 4 stars. Entire experience not so much. Girl behind the counter put gloves on but then touched her hair, her face, scratched her ear, pulled up her pants... Then she realized that I was staring at her and changed her gloves. During that 45 seconds she asked me three times if I wanted the bagel toasted. The place could definitely use a good cleaning. Windows are foggy looking with streaks and dirt, dust behind the fridge area is very obviously not a concern, menu board looks neglected. If I wasn't such a sucker for bagels I would probably drive else where to get breakfast on my way to work. Too bad there isn't any where else to get a bagel between my house and work :/
4	Bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place. The service is generally very good. The bagels are very good, my wife loves the French toast bagel and we have not seen these anywhere else. The jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites. Yes it's small, but never too crowded like some mainstream bagel places become. The decor could use a lot of updating, but if you can see past that then you will truly enjoy your breakfast or lunch. Prices are low, a plus as well.
5	I give them five stars especially because the counter girl Rachel remembers my sandwich every time I come in and it's  reasonably priced and unlike Einstein's  bagels this place will make your sandwich exactly how you want it. "to order". Love it
3	Amazing service and good bagels! Had a breakfast bagel and got a cinnamon bun. The cinnamon bun wasn't very sweet and the sausage was a bit strange but overall decent. I will definitely be back for a bagel sandwich and a smoothie!
5	Support your local business, 'zonies! Fast, friendly service, reasonable prices. A baker's dozen bagels and two tubs of fresh cream cheese for $15.00 - try paying that at the Mensa bagels chain! The variety of flavors / choices is excellent: try the Hawaiian, the 'everything' with cheese, and the French Toast bagels - you won't be disappointed. Arrive early on a weekend morning for fresh, hot bagels served with a smile.
5	I visited this place 2 years ago and never wanted to come back. Just recently I stopped by and noticed the owners changed. They are so polite and the bagels are great for the price! I went back for the 2nd time today and they've re-did the inside there is much more room. I had a bagel sandwich and an ice mocha coffee that is easily comparable to Dutch Brothers but half the price. If you haven't been to Bagel Nosh in a while I recommend trying them again!
3	Would rate the food, for a bagel shop, a 4-5, but their PRICES are sooooo inconsistent. For price issues along I wanted to give them a ONE STAR, but their service and food is usually okay, so I rated them a 3 to be fair.  I have eaten here probably 15+ times in the past year and I continue to be charged inconsistently. I don't know if it is from the high turnover of staff or that the owners keep changing the prices. As of today though, I think I am done. While I like supporting a local business, and their food is good, I would rather go to a chain bagel shop where their prices are visible, I will get a receipt showing what I purchased, and know I am always going to be charged what the menu says. It is WORSE now that they just remodeled the place - they now have a new menu, which does look better but one huge oversight, ummmmm....where are the prices? They have a giant board of selections but seriously, you want people to blindly order, blindly pay, and have the ability to increase prices without your customers knowledge? This is not a five star restaurant where it would be distasteful to show your prices. People want consistency, people want to know how much their food is going to cost. Nothing eats at me more than feeling like I was overcharged for something but I have no room to question it since their prices are listed nowhere. This morning I got one plan bagel sandwich which I believe used to be around $4.80? And I got one small sized soft drink (sodas don't cost much) and one plain bagel with nothing on it (which used to be $0.92 and my total was over $10? What?!I don't know if the cashier charged me wrong or they decided to charge more for drinks than their food but I am so over this place. You are conveniently located to me, have pretty tasty bagels, but the food is no better than what I could get from an Einstein Bagels. Sorry Bagel Nosh, if you start listing your prices again and stop being so shady about the cost of a bagel, maybe I will consider coming back.
4	This place hand changed hands many times over the years but remains open! It had been YEARS since I had been here and I was pleasantly surprised at the remodel and with the now owners. The food was good (had a breakfast sandwich and my kids had a bagel with cream cheese). The only complaint that I have is that they do not display their prices on the menu board and I didn't get a receipt when I paid so I don't know how much everything was.  Because this place holds a special place in my heart (my wife and my first date, 10 years ago) we will be back!
4	The bagels are actually very good, but it seemed awfully expensive... We had two bagels toasted with cream cheese and it was $7! Like other reviewers mentioned, they don't show their prices so who knows what the heck I actually got charged for.  I'd like to come back, but seriously...add prices to your menu!!
5	I LOVE this place.  It has the best bagels at a great price.  The flavors are amazing and if you get there when the bagels are fresh out of the oven, you will be in heaven.  The owner and his daughter are wonderful.  The coffee is exceptional.  What more could I want?  I will return again and again.  You need to try Bagel Nosh on Warner.  You won't be disappointed.  YUM...
5	Yay- thank you Bagel Nosh for adding prices to your menu for us! Food is great and love that this place is family owned. I am back to visiting all the time! Yum Yum!
5	Haven't been here in a couple months.  They remodeled!!! It looks great!! Same great service and food!! Stop by here if ur in the area.
5	My wife and I love bagel nosh, we go every week at least once and haven't had anything less than great.  We typically get a toasted bagel with cream cheese but their other pastries like fruit tarts are amazing too.  The bagels themselves are so fluffy, they're like no other bagels we've ever had. On top of this, their entire staff is very friendly and helpful.  The place might not look like much but it's so good
5	Do you love bagels?? What kind? Nova Lox? A delicious two scramble eggs with your choice of meat of bacon, ham, or sausage with cheese on a toasted bagel? (Sounds delicious doesn't it?) Then this is the place to be.  It is a simple and small bagel shop, but the staff is lovely as ever and everything is homemade and fantastic!!! Their freshly squeezed OJ is superb and obviously FRESH!  Their choices of bagels are excellent and over 20 choices.  They also have these yummy fruit tarts that are so cute and yummyyyy!~ Come check them out soon!~
5	This place is fantastic. I stopped in for a quick breakfast on the way to work, and the service was super quick and all employees were very friendly. Got a cinnamon sugar bagel with cream cheese, and it was nice and warm. Perfect! I'll definitely be coming back for breakfast when I'm in the area!
1	I'm not one to usually leave reviews  but after the condescending response I got  from the owner, I felt  a public response was deemed fit. As I was leaving, I was asked how my cream cheese was. I responded by informing them that I felt the quality has gone down over the last several years and that it was not good today. Now I know, some of you probably love this place. I have tasted many a bagel in other states, including NY and here in the Valley. Bottom line, you have some better choices out there. What irked me was the response by the owner that they have been in the business 45 years and they are a  5 star establishment. There is no way this is a 5 star bagel place. If they ever want to become that, I would recommend they travel around town, tasting other bagels and up the ante. Oh by the way - $11.29 for three bagels with cream cheese. Prices are in small print on a piece of paper. Now, I have better things to do on a Saturday then write a review, but bottom line, the bagels are smaller, they don't taste good, the cream cheese was runny, no flavor or consistency. You want a great bagel place - take a drive to Hot Bagel at 59th and the 101. Line out the door every day. The drive is almost worth it. Oh, the cream cheese is piled on thick high! You want onions? No extra charge.
5	I love this place! I go here for breakfast 3 times a week and I'm never disappointed. Get their breakfast sandwhich with a latte to go ..yum!!! Cute family business with a friendly atmosphere. Even though they are always busy, their service is very fast.  I don't know about the review on 11/29 but the bagels are always fresh and out of the oven when i come. Their cream cheese is home made and delicious!! Definitely a 5 star restaurant.
5	Had the opportunity to try the Ranchero Breakfast Sandwich this AM and let me tell you, it was fresh, delicious and one of the best Breakfast Sandwiches I have ever had. If you live in the area - you need to stop by and try it.  Everything is made fresh: From the bagels, to the cream cheese!  Looking forward to getting back soon!
3	I would have given this place four stars, but the employee serving me was inconvenienced by my business. The bagel was delicious, although the cream cheese was could have been thicker in texture. I ordered the asiago bagel with Nova Lox spread.The iced coffee is surprisingly good. I usually don't think places will have great iced coffee if the main focus is elsewhere (like bagels). Give this place a shot!
