4	Mmmmmm, Mmmmm so good. Went here for dinner and was very impressed by this Restaurant. We walked in and the inside is pretty dated. What you'll see here is a throwback to an old Vegas buffet looking Restaurant. I mean they have high back booths covered with turquoise vinyl. Mirrored walls, look around and see plastic plants and flowers, but wonderful art framed on the walls. On this night there wasn't too many people dinning there, which I was surprised from how good the food was. Our waiter was super friendly and very outgoing. We decided to get the egg drop soup for an app. Oh wow, was that some good stuff. We got a nice size bowl of this thick and well seasoned bowl of yumminess. Inside the bowl they had other veggies in there, with some chicken chunks also. I had never had egg drop soup with such flavor. We went on to order our meal. I ordered the dish called something like wonderful chicken, lol"just cause of the name", I thought you really can't go wrong with a name like that, it has to live up to it's reputation. My husband stuck with the orange chicken plate. Our wait staff came by numerous times checking on us and making sure our drinks were full, and took away the already eaten plates promptly. We received our meals, and Wow!! The size was wonderful for the price they charge. I believe both our dishes were under $9 each. I looked at my wonderful chicken and took a bite. It was wonderful, the chicken was of the good white meat really tender, and it had a nice helping of veggies all around. And I'm not talking the huge chucks of broccoli other Chinese restaurants try to fill the plate with, these were all bite size veggies, the good ones I like to eat. The sauce was plentiful and made everything melt in my mouth. Since we were having Chinese both my husband and I shared our dishes. His orange chicken was really good also. The chicken had a lighter crust layering the chicken that made the chicken stand out more then some other orange chicken dishes we've had. The sauce again was super, you could really taste the orange flavor, in the orange chicken. After our meal was over our waiter came over to check on us with the check. I congratulated them on the food and service. Our waiter was very nice and asked us if it was our first time eating there, we said yes. I told him we would differently eat here again. He said they also do take out, and said they have been in business for 25 years. I was amazed and told him they should be here another 25 more years. He also said there busy day is for lunch on Sundays. My overall experience was very nice, I will go back here!
4	By far the best Chinese restaurant in the valley. I'm from the east coast and you really wouldn't think that Chinese food would be regional in the US...with that said, the food out here is different than the east coast. I have been on the quest for a decent General Tso's chicken and this place has it. It is as close to what I am used to that I have been able to find. The service is reliable and friendly. I really don't have anything bad to say. I took a star away because a couple times they messed up my Carry out order. Just check it before you leave the parking lot and it wont be an issue ;-)
4	Ordered takeout Thursday night, yummy.. I noticed the portion size from eat-in/take out was different. When you eat in, it seems like you get twice as much food, so note taken.. Food was awesome.. oh, and the chicken I ordered last time wasn't called Wonderful chicken, but " Amazing Chicken", hehe.. either way said, it was good...
5	This is an "old school" style Chinese restaurant.I've only been here for lunch, but the food is GREAT!  There is always a generous lunch special, but anything you order will be delicious.  I started going here in 1990, and the food is as good today as it was back then.The service is efficient and fast.  The flavors are fresh, and the food is fresh.  This is one of the most consistent restaurants out there.  They have the real freshly made tempura shrimp that almost no one serves anymore.
3	My partner and I stopped in for the first time tonight. The food was wonderful!The service on the other hand was a bit spotty. Server forgot my beer. Our entrees took quite awhile to arrive. A couple who were seated after us (by just a couple minutes) received their entrees well before us. They were almost finished by the time ours arrived.
2	I went here once a few years ago and then again about two months ago. YUCK! They're expensive and the food is gross! They're fried rice is bland and dry. Lemon chicken sauce was gummy, so was the sweet & sour pork. Soup was bland and nasty smelling. I don't know what people like about this place, maybe they've never had good Chinese food and think this is what it's supposed to taste like. Go up the street to 43rd and Cactus and get Chung Ming, then you will know what REAL Chinese food is supposed to taste like.
4	My family has been eating here for years.  We dine in at one of the big tables and order family style or sometimes just call in for a pick up.  Either way the staff is always friendly.  They have a few items on the menu that I measure all other Chinese restaurants Stop in and order your favorite dish and see how they measure up.
4	I have lived next to this place for  just bout my whole life and I had never been here. My folks went last night and I hapen to try some of the left overs. I liked it so much me and my girlfriend went today for lunch.   All lunch specials come with soup, egg roll, and choice of white or fried rice. She was very happpy wit the egg drop soup but did need pepper and a touch of salt.. It had pieces of chicken, corn, eas, and onion in it. I totall like it myself and wanted a second bowl. She ordered the sweet & sour chicken. It was tempura battered the chicken and it was so crispy and the sauce was excellent. I ordered the same dish my folks got the night before which was Avacado chicken. Chicken, avacado, broccolini, bean sprouts, and a very delicious brown sauce. I was not expecting the food here to be as good as it was but if they have been in buisiness as long as they have they must b doing  something right. Ill be back , my dish was a dinner dish and it was $8.95 and the GF dish was a lunch special for $6.50. Cant beat that.
5	3 Things; The service, price & quality of the food, Shangri-La manages to juggle all three with great finesse! They have the BEST egg drop soup! It's a thick flavorful chicken stock with egg (of coarse!) corn, peas, Chinese cabbage and chicken meat seasoned perfectly. The crunchy noodles compliment the soup nicely. I've been a loyal fan of this place since the '80's and I can tell you it is CONSISTENTLY good. All of the entrees are wonderfully flavorful and served hot from the wok. They will gladly spice up or down per your request any dish like the kung pow chicken. The sauce served with the almond chicken is lovely and tuned perfectly for the dish. I have long since moved to Northern AZ but Shangri-La is a must do whenever I'm visiting Phoenix looking for great Chinese cuisine in a casual atmosphere.
4	I went here for lunch today with a friend. I had the chicken teriyaki lunch meal. It came with soup and an egg roll and two crab puffs. Overall the sauce, vegetables, and egg roll was great. The egg drop soup was a bit bland so I added some pepper. My chicken was good but I had quite a few fatty pieces. There was so much food so it evened out. My friend had the sesame chicken lunch special and her food was great. The meal was only $6.50 for all of that food in a sit own restaurant. The server was curteous and fast.
5	This is an Old School Chinese restaurant for sure. It has remained the same for over 20 years! The Moo Shu Pork is Awesome. I like it without the plum sauce. I always crack up when I hear about the "Flaming Platter" but it very good. This is not the best Chinese Restaurant out there I am sure, but it is very dam good. The service is always very good, and the price is very affordable.
4	They don't call it Amazing Chicken for nothing. This place was an excellent Yelp find and I would have to agree with many of the reviewers. I have eaten here quite a few times since finding it on Yelp and they have yet to disappoint. The sweet and sour chicken, kung pao chicken and amazing chicken are excellent.
4	For those of you who want something delicious and authentic, I highly recommend you try out Shangri'La.  This place has been around as long as I have (ok, I am only 26, but still!).  For as old as it has been around, the quality still remains the same.  On my last visit, I ordered the seared dumplings, sizzling soup, and some kind of sizzling peppered steak.The soup arrived promptly.  Nothing better then hearing that spppplash of rice in the hot soup.  This soup needed no additional seasonings (with the exception of pepper, which I add to everything).  It was perfectly salted, perfectly heated, and filled with hearty vegetables and meats.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the shrimp in the soup.  It did not have any fishy taste to it what so ever.The dumplings were equally as delicious.  They were fried to a nice consistency on each side and the accompanying sauce could be drank on its own.The final treat was our steak meal.  I loved the fact that they provide you with a HUGE bowl of white rice on the side.  It definitely proved to leave plenty for our take out...which speaking of takeout, my fiance and I shared everything that night.  We ended up with an extra cup of soup, 2 extra dumplings, rice, and peppered steak.  Our meal came to around 25 for both of us, plus the remaining leftovers for the next day.In either case, I recommend giving this place a try.  With age comes wisdom, and it is wise to go with what is known.
2	You most likely will not agree with us on this one but that's OK and I say that because of the Yelp Rating and the crowd I saw while dining here my Yelp is being based on two lunches .As soon as we were seated we received a bowl of chip crumbs that were dripping with oil and a small dish of what I think was sweet and sour sauce the color was  red .Next came our cup of soup and we both picked Egg Drop the soup was actually very good and fresh and  that made me think our meals would be great !Soon our meals came and they were VERY LARGE and also came with egg rolls and fried wantons both were fried to a cigar color I didn't eat them and steamed white rice (the rice was good) But my meal called Amazing Chicken had this sauce on it that tasted like sweet and sour sauce mixed with wing sauce and I tried to eat it but after a few pieces I lost my appetite and it is a shame because the vegetables were fresh and nice , the chicken was tender juicy not spongy it was cooked nice but that sauce killed the dish for me .My husband didn't care for the sauce that came on his lotus dish but I think he didn't care for the fried rice even more because he thought it was rice with basically just soy sauce . Nobody checked on us .When the busboy noticed our pushed away plates he didn't even ask if I wanted to take it with me...guess he knew I didn't
3	Went here for lunch with some coworkers.  The place was pretty busy because of the lunch rush but we were seated promptly because we called ahead.  They have friendly, fast service and reasonable prices.  The food is just ok and pretty typical of the Chinese food in AZ.  Just some protein and veggies in some sauce.  Noting great.  Just blah.
4	Chinese....yuuummmm! I have been going here for as long as I can remember. They opened in 1982 and I remember my Grandma taking me here regularly. I am 31 now so....I have been going there...FOREVER. I now take my girls there and it's one of there fav places to go. Their is a reason a privately owned 80's decorated chinese restaurant that is located in the most not busy area of phoenix  has been able to stay open for almost 30 years. It's the food! I honestly have always ordered the same thing so I will tell you what that is  and a little insight on what my other family members think of other things. The lunch special is the best deal. You get soup, 1 item such as house ckn or sweet and sour ckn etc, giant egg roll, 2 fried wontons and fried rice. Egg Drop Soup - Yummy. This is the only place that I will get it. I have tried other places but no go. Sweet and Sour - My Mom and Step-Dad get that and absolutely rave about it. Beef Skewers - TO DIE FOR! That is all that needs to be said.House special Chicken. So freaking good! It's original and delicious. I recommend it highly. My husband gets the Orange chicken and loves it. He is the pickiest person I know and he loves the place. I have never ordered anything other than the Hot Tea to drink. It is one of my fav things about going. I remember as a kid putting one ice cube and 3 packets of sugar in my little bitty cup. Now it's one ice cube and no sugar and I love it.  The portions are large so you will have left overs and nothing is better than left over chinese!
4	Great lunch menu very friendly people.  I always get the sesame chicken lunch special with fried rice.  Always a great experience!!!
5	We have been going here for about 3 years now .. Everything from the food to the service is great every time.  Our favorites are the orange beef, sesame chicken, generals chicken, and their potstickers are amazing!  The employees build a relationship with their customers and it's nice knowing we can walk into a restaurant and they know what we want and we know we'll be treated well.
4	Love this place, especially the kinda cheesy oriental decor and how dark it is.  Lived near here as a kid and my brother worked as a waiter here in high school.Most of the food I have had here is decent, some things I didn't like but they did not taste bad, I just didn't like it.However, the hot and sour soup is the best in town, hands down.  Used to be a little place in Goodyear (Bamboo Inn) did, but they closed a while back.  Any time I am sick I get the hot and sour soup to go, and go snuggle up in a blanket watching a movie and sip/eat the soup.  Mmmmmm, just spicy enough to help with the sinuses but full of yummy tofu and shrimp.
5	Our "go to" Chinese place. Always great food and service!
5	My wife and I had a carryout order of orange beef and general's chicken with white rice. All were good and fresh. The chicken was thick and juicy, not thin and tough slathered with sauce to cover the poor quality of the meat. The sauces were very good. Polite service over the phone and in person.
4	My hubby and I stumbled across this place five years ago because we lived in the apartments across the street. We were locals new to the area looking for a good spot to eat.  This space is perfect for lunch or dinner. We usually go there for lunch because of their lunch specials. The lunch prices are reasonable, the portions are on point, and the food is satisfying. They offer a lunch special that includes your choice of two soups, an entree, rice, a bangin' crunchy eggroll, and two crispy wontons. I was pleasantly shocked at how much you get, and the price you pay for it. Another great option is the "Combination Plate Special". It's placed on a whiteboard at the entrance, you can't miss it. The combo plate includes a chicken salad with a ginger dressing, an entree with rice, and a chicken wing instead of an egg roll.   Don't miss out on this spot! Support our local independent businesses. If you are staying at the Holiday Inn across the street from this restaurant, and you are reading this review debating whether or not you should go, I'm telling you now....Go to Shango for lunch!!! If you are a local, stop dragging your feet and make your way over to one of the best lunch spots in town.Recommendations:Moo Goo Gai Pan:  This is a light white meat chicken dish cooked in a light sauce and with sauteed veggies.Lotus Delight: This dish is a little heavier and includes bacon and shrimp cooked in a darker sauce with sauteed veggies.
3	Food was good, decor is a bit old.. is a good place to stop if you are in the area but would not go out of my way for it.
4	Ummmm bacon fried rice? Need I say more?
4	Great Chinese restaurant.  Ate in Friday night.  We always start with the sizzling rice soup.  Excellent.Followed with Sweet and Sour Chicken and the Neptune's Platter which is brought sizzling to the table side.  Food tasted fresh and well prepared.  Delicious.Service is prompt, attentive and friendly.  Highly recommended.
5	great, and the staff is wonderful.  try the shredded pork with garlic sauce.
5	My most favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.Was introduced to this restaurant when visiting here in 1981 and when moving here a few years later just had to return for their excellent cuisine.  So many restaurants do not serve the crispy chow mein noodles which I prefer.They have a quite extensive menu and there are still dishes that I need to return there to try.  I have never been disappointed with anything hereThe decor is attractive. There are separate rooms so a group can be seated in the rear room.  There is a small bar inside the front door adjacent to a dining area.
4	I moved to Phoenix from New York about two years ago and have been looking for a decent Chinese place ever since - I just tried Shangri-La today, and I think I've finally found one!The food: I ordered way more than I needed for just myself because I wanted to try as much as possible. After eating a significant portion (I'm a big guy) I still had enough to pack lunch for the next two days, plus a few assorted items to snack on later.The Shangri-La Flaming Platter:Egg Rolls: The Egg Rolls were great! Definitely the best I've gotten since I've lived in Arizona! They were perfectly fried. The cabbage is tasty, not like the mush you find in egg rolls other places.BBQ Ribs: Tasty Chinese style ribs. The meat is tough, but that's what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant.Beef Skewers: My wife says they looked disgusting, but they tasted pretty good! Probably not going to order these again, but not disappointed by any means.Honey Chicken Wings: I was surprised by how good these were. These wings are breaded. I'm not usually a fan of breaded chicken wings, but the honey sauce was awesome. Will definitely be wanting these again.Fried Shrimp: Pretty standard Chinese fried shrimp (Standard for NY, I mean. For this area, they're ahead of the curve). Probably won't be getting these again, but not bad.Crab Puffs: These were the biggest let down of the whole meal. The outside was tasty and fried to perfection, but the inside tasted like straight cream cheese. I'm pretty sure there was no crab in these at all. I'm guessing it was just a one-time type mistake or something.Egg Drop Soup: Pretty good. It's a nice, light soup.Bacon Fried Rice: This was excellent! The rice itself was fairly light, not heavy like the fried rice at some places. There are big chunks of egg, which I like - usually when there's egg in fried rice it's over cooked, but these were light and fluffy! And the bacon - we're not talking about little pea sized chunks, we're talking big inch and a half long strips of bacon, perfectly cooked. Yum.Amazing Chicken: I'm torn on this one. On the one hand, I'm not crazy about the sauce. On the other hand, the chicken and vegetables were all awesome. Like everything else I've mentioned, the food is all cooked right and I could tell from eating this that I won't be disappointed if I order something else from here. Don't get me wrong, I don't dislike this dish or even the sauce, it's just that I'll probably go with something else next time.Overall, the food is easily the best Chinese I've had in Arizona. There are a couple items which border on "It's okay" but there's also a few items that were flat out excellent. The one real complaint I have is the Crab Puffs, but I'm sure that's not usual, and I can tell that they probably usually taste good.The service was actually pretty good. The woman was friendly and made a bit of small talk with me. She asked if I had ever eaten there before, that kind of thing. As far as the location, it turns out I live under a mile away from this place. I pass it all the time, but never realized it was a Chinese place. There is a sign on the building, but it faces away from Cactus Ave. If the building was more clearly marked, I would surely have started eating here long ago.If I could give half stars, I'd be giving 4.5, but because of the few hiccups, I'm giving it a four. Would definitely recommend this place!
5	Love this place!!!! I go there all the time and Lisa, the manager is amazing. She knows me already and we both have a good time a chat every time I go in. Lol but we both like to pick on my boyfriend when he comes with me too. ;D love this place. Love the food. Love the people.
3	We took my parents here for dinner and ordered the family dinner special.  $13.50 per person gets you a cup of won ton soup, an egg roll, crab Rangoon, egg fried rice, almond chicken, sweet and sour pork, and then, if you have more people you get more items.  We got broccoli beef and the house special chicken since we had 4 people.  Won ton soup - a bit bland.  I like that it had lots of BBQ pork in it, but it could use some more flavor.Egg roll - nice and crunchy, but it tastes like it has cinnamon in it.  Not a fan of that.Egg fried rice - great flavor but I wish it wasn't so full of onions.Sweet and Sour Pork - very good.Almond chicken - ok.Broccoli beef - the broccoli part was great, but I wouldn't eat the beef.  My husband said it had a weird consistency like maybe it wasn't actually beef.House special chicken - this dish has potential but would be SO much better if they used white meat.  All of the chicken in this dish is thigh meat so it's extremely fatty.  They don't appear to make any effort to remove the fat before breading and cooking this chicken.Overall I would eat here again but not sure I would do the family dinner.  I would prefer to be able to pick the dishes I get in a family dinner instead of having them chosen for me.
5	Tried this place based on a recommendation from a fellow foodie.... I love high end restaurants, but to find a mom and pop gem is so much better! And that's exactly what this place is... A gem. We arrived good and famished and left painfully stuffed as we just couldn't stop! Pan fried dumplings with a sesame soy dipping sauce.... I was just shy of pouring the sauce into a martini glass. The Sizzling Rice Soup.... slurp... mmmm... slurp, juicy pieces  of chicken and shrimp bobbing around in a wonderfully flavorful broth, fresh crisp veggies, chewy rice... slurp. Shrimp Fried Rice.... devine. Large fresh perfectly cooked shrimp. In between delicious bites we talked about what we'll get next time because we'll definitely be back.  Great service too... friendly, personable,  prompt and efficient.
5	this place has THE BEST, the staff is wonderful .  It is the GREATEST PLACE.
4	Food was alright,  great place for families the  portions were great,  $9-10 for the chicken or beef plate $12-14 for seafood dishes, they also have a bar in which they serve amazing cocktails
5	Absolutely amazing food. I love placing a to go order. Staff is always so friendly and I will continue to order from here!
1	It's pointless to post photos of your menu in lieu oftyping out the full menu, when the pics are blurry and unreadable. I wanted to order some food in my New neighborhood but I can't see your menu:(
2	I would say that the food here is basic Chinese that tastes like any other Chinese restaurant.  It wasn't bad but also not memorable or special.  Our waitress was a lovely lady who was kind and helpful.  I didn't care for the girl at the cash register.  The food will hit the spot but don't expect something inventive or extra fresh.  Just run of the mill Chinese.
5	I haven't been here for awhile since I've moved across town, but this still stands as my favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix. My favorite items are the Orange Chicken, Lemon Chicken and *the best* Hot and Sour Soup. Large portions, excellent quality. It was always very affordable, the lunch specials in particular.
5	20 years ago as a kid a friend's mom took us here. I remembered it being good, in fact it is excellent.  My kids and I are total snobs when it comes to Chinese food. I hate paying and they hate eating things inferior to our own escapades in the kitchen. We ordered beef skewers, crab puffs and soup for appetizers.  The beef was tender and marinated/seasoned well, crab puffs had homemade as opposed to commercial grade wrappers which was a nice treat. The sizzling Rice Soup was delicious and the the meat was not tough. The main course was Orange Chicken and Chicken Chow Mein listed as Mandarin style on the menu (meaning soft not crispy noodles). The chicken had a perfect light breading, nice and crisp upon biting and the chicken was a quality cut, no gristle, very juicy and tender.....the sauce involved no artificial orange colors or flavors, cavities from high fructose sugars.... just a perfect balance of salt, citrus and garlic. Chow Mein was equally delightful with fresh veggies, seasoned well, noodles were cooked to perfection. We didn't order any egg rolls but I saw a few walk buy and they were the size of small footballs. Next time we will get those....as for this time we are so full we are packing it up and thanks to the generous portions my kids have lunch for over the weekend.
4	First time here and I was impressed.  Love Chinese food but have had a hard time finding places that I like.  This place may become a "go-to" spot!   Service was excellent.  Water was refilled promptly and servers and staff were all friendly and efficient.Started w/ an egg roll (that we split) and it was a very back east style... nice fresh not overcooked insides (mostly cabbage w/ some other veggies and bits of roast pork) and the wonton skin/shell was fried perfectly!  Super crunchy but still tender and not overly greasy.Then we got the entrees.  We went w/ that day's "dinner special" which was for two and the down-side to that is that it came w/ lo mein noodles instead of white rice... Just not the same...  We would have had to pay extra for the white rice and as I'd also ordered roast pork fried rice, we decided to skip it.  The fried rice was really good.  Still had peas and carrots (what is w/ that?  Even places in NY are doing it now!) but it was traditional rice (not the Uncle Ben's rounded rice that some places use) and done well.  Plenty of pork and egg and scattering of other veggies and had the right color and flavor.  The first entree of the dinner special was walnut shrimp, which my b-friend loves... we just get it w/o the walnuts (as he's allergic).  it was excellent!  A very good amount of shrimp on a bed of fresh cabbage (usual presentation) surrounded by quick-cooked broccoli.  Nice touch.   The shrimp were cooked perfectly and coated in almost a very thin tempura batter that gave the creamy sauce something to hang on to.  Each bite was a bit crispy from the batter with the shrimp tender but solid and overall, VERY tasty!   The broccoli was also cooked perfectly.  Still nice and crisp, not all limp and over done and not coated in the sauce.The second entree was orange chicken.  Huge platter of JUST the chicken/sauce w/a slice of orange for garnish.  The chicken seemed to be mostly white meat (I'd say all white meat but as I like dark meat, if a couple pieces snuck in, I wouldn't have minded and didn't make a mental note of any) and coated in a lovely batter that was just exactly the right amount of crispy.  Crisp on the very outside, fully cooked and tender on the inside, wrapped around a good sized piece of chicken.  All were bite sized but the batter was not on so think that the meat is lost in the bread.  The sauce was tasty and even after being on the pieces of chicken for some time, hadn't made the "nuggets" soggy...  Can't say enough about how impressed I was at the quality of deep frying.   So often things are either over cooked and beyond crispy and have become hard or are not fried correctly and are just greasy soggy messes.  I'd equate the coating on this chicken to perfectly made funnel cake... The "side" that came w/ the day's "dinner special" was the only small bit of disappointment.  While the noodles were cooked perfectly and not swimming in grease, they were also lonely.... Not a vegetable or anything in site.   I understand it is a "side" but just plain noodles are a bit dull.  I would have liked to have seen at least a sprinkling of the veggies that come w/ regular lo mein (Mandarin chow mein), even if they reduce the amount that would be in an order of say, roast pork or chicken lo mein.  It would have given the noodles some additional flavor/texture.  Again, I'll definitely order their Mandarin chow mein some time as I love a good lo mein and they definitely have the noodles cooked properly!  Since it was supposed to be a side, I'd have preferred white rice, if there were to be no veggies or anything added to the noodles.Overall, great restaurant and I'll certainly go back and try other items.  Excited to see that they have egg foo yung and looking forward to trying that and the Cantonese chow mein as well as some chop suey.  :-)
5	The restaurant was nice and clean. Health department A rating was visible. Food was prepared quickly and tasted good. The service was good. Kept drinks full and cleared dishes quickly. I would return.
1	Most cheap Chinese restaurant & not in a good way. "Crab puffs" with no imitation crab in it? A shrimp fried rice with barely any shrimp in it? A wonton soup with no meat in it, just the wonton wrap cooked in broth? How do they mess up the most basic foods of a Chinese restaurant? Why do people pay for this when you can get real Chinese food elsewhere where they care about the food they're serving? Customer service here blows too.
5	Amazing chicken is amazing.  I have tried other places and can't find anything like it.  This is the only Chinese food I will eat. We drive from Maricopa to get it.
5	We were walk-ins for Christmas dinner.  The place was crazy busy and probably under-staffed.  But they seated us quickly, took our order promptly and it wasn't too long of a wait for the meal to arrive.  The food was great.  And, even as busy as they were, the staff was pleasant, polite and even attentive.  We'll certainly go back.
5	Been coming here for over 12 years. Nothing fancy but great dishes and huge huge portions under $10. Hands down best egg drop soup in town. Favorite dish of all: House Chicken
