1	This is my review of this ground service...I ordered a product from a website almost 2 or so weeks ago. In anticipation of this package, I followed the tracking of this package from its original location all the way to here in Las Vegas nv. I happen to check the tracking on this package and noticed that FedEx had already delivered it to a residence. I then got very panicked about it knowing I've been off work and home the whole beginning of the week and would have noticed it or heard the delivery drive at my residence. I thought maybe I forgot or misplaced it...none of which was true. So I researched the tracked just a little bit and noticed that the package was last seen in Henderson nv. So my next step was to contact the online store that I bought it from. I ended up leaving them a message and resorted in calling Fedex regarding this matter. The first rep that I talked to was very unprofessional. He didn't have a clue of what he was doing. He did happen to tell me that the package was sent to the wrong address.So I tried to explain to him that I haven't lived there in over 3 years, but he wasn't getting it (understanding me). He asked what the package was I explained that to him (again to not prevail). All the conversion did was make the matter worse. At the end of the conversation he did say that I would receive a call regarding this matter. And to my surprise I did. The lady that called me seemed to give me nothing short of every excuse in the book of why this happened. Mind you this lady works at this Henderson ground location. This conversation of mostly excuses only made me more mad and didn't get anywhere. I did ask her two very interesting questions. If you have conflicting address and don't have a resolution for them...would you want to confirm the correct address. And if you use a system that doesn't seem to update once maybe every 3 years...doesn't that strike u as unreliable? The excuse was we "usually contact the postal service". Well apparently not in this case. And two if the driver does go back and try to retrieve the package and doesn't get it (because the package doesn't have a signature confirmation) how do u prove u even delivered it? Doesn't make much sense now does it. The excuse was..."sir do u realize how many packages we get"..,hello that's the business ur in...u choose that job...cover ur rear and get solid confirmation...makes a whole lotta sense to me. Needless to say...this day I talked to made no sense and gave all the excuses in the world why they messed up at this location. Not happy by any means...I called back again...remember this is the 3rd conversation now...instead of talking to rep I asked for a manager right away. I finally got a manager and explained the situation to her. Finally a helpful person..mind u this 3rd conversation happened through the 888 gofedex number. She offered to open a case and gave me solutions rather than any excuse...I respect that...she explained to me that if the package is not retrieved that they would contact the online store and either have a new package shipped out or return the money. See..that's called a solution. So...I let it go for the day and check my files this morning. Come to find out the address mix up didn't happen until it got here in Nevada...at this Henderson location. In the tracking it actually says incorrect address on the tracking...so instead of contacting the us postal service like they claim to do...they went ahead and sent it anyway. If they contacted the postal service and got the right address I wouldn't be writing this long review. Apparently they give the investigation 2 days to resolve. The funny thing is...the residence where the package is said to be is in the next 4 plex right next to me...crazy...I'm not gonna go their job for them...plus me and the guy that lives their don't get along and because there is no conformation on this I can't accuse him of anything. Can you believe they just left it next to the door...very unprofessional...anyone could have picked it up and u can't prove it!! I write this review to say in long format I am very disgusted with FedEx I am very hurt by them...this location makes excuses and doesn't resolve anything...they don't know how to properly locate addresses...no confirmation on their packages...yes they see a lot of packages...but that's your business...no excuse...I hope this review gets the attention it deserves...I won't use FedEx and I won't recommend it...this location is unreliable and once again unprofessional...I don't know the lady's name I talked to or would put her on blast on here...just know whoever u are...you didn't help me you excused a stupid decision and made Fedex look bad...she works at this location in Henderson...she's the one that called me and argued this complete lack of professional business with me...so she must be the anchor of this business motto...in closing...I am beyond upset mad and disrespected regarding this matter!So
5	I've had to pick up a few packages from their location and they've always been very helpful. It usually takes a few minutes to find your package and every person who walks by asks if you've been helped.
1	Seriously... I work all day. You folks at FedEx don't have anything I can sign so you can leave a package with my neighbor (a relative of mine) or in my secure courtyard or ? I don't know who sent me something by Fed Ex requiring a signature, but I may never find out... because, I can't get the package, at all. So, when I find out what I ordered and never got, I'll just have to call and demand a refund. What kind of moron insists on a signature without telling the recipient to expect that?-- The kind that know I won't order if I have to stay home all day for three days waiting to sign a slip of paper. Is Fed Ex the only one that insists that you must be there, because you can't sign something and leave it for the driver or ? Total waste of someone's money on shipping, and a guaranteed cancelation from me, the customer. In the future, before I order anything, I've now learned to first inquire whether the merchant will insist that I stay home all my life until the package comes, so that I can sign for it. I may as well have gone to the mall. I can't believe the merchant just took it upon themselves to do that, without any idea of there's someone over the age of 21 sitting at my house all day. In my world, able-bodied people over the age of 21 work. Which is, uh, how we pay for the stuff we order.
