5	Yum Yum Yum Yum...........   I am from southern California and lived in San Francisco before Las Vegas and I have be fortunate enough to have eaten lots of amazing street food.   Since I moved  here 1 1/2 years ago I have been searching for great street tacos and I have finally found them.  The Al Pastor is not like any I have had before and all 3 salsa's were so delicious that I had to keep alternating to try each one with my tacos.  This was a fantastic you will never be disappointed Al Pastor.  I can't wait to pass on this hot spot to all my foodie friends.  I will for sure be back!
4	Cheap, fast, fresh and efficient taco stand posted right by a tire shop, across from a community rec center. Folks the taste buds do not lie and I gotta thank the Goyamonstah once again for a recommendation. I recently brought a friend who enjoyed it the first time around so much that he was strongly considering going again dispite the possibility of missing his flight! Damn that's a mean taco! The pastor tacos are on point I think the only miss that I had was the mulita (sp) which was a little too plain for me. The gordita on the other hand, while somewhere around 5 bucks (?), is topped with so much and along with the various condiments they have to offer it can be a meal within itself. Don't know if it knocks Gordos outta the ballpark but its still damn good and got me wishin' we had something like this on my bougie azz side of town *cough*southeast*cough*. Mos definitely going back for more.
4	Want authentic DF tacos? well this is the place! They cook the al pastor stacked up on a rotating spit and you eat your tacos standing up. The salsas are are excellent along with all the other condiments you would expect like sliced radishes, cilantro and unions. I had the al pastor the lengua (tongue). The pastor was great! juicy and crunchy at the same time. The lengua was ok as the shred their lengua and i prefer it  cubed. 4 tacos and a water was $8 which seems a bit pricey to me hence why i didn't give it 5 stars.
4	Snaps!!! A hop, skip, and a jump away from the jobby job!!! Thank you Mikey elite for bringing me here.This taco stand is on the south east corner of Bonanza and Las Vegas blvd. Grimey.Cheap eats at this taco stand. $1.50 tacos has me coming back for more every time I hit the spaghetti bowl. Cuatros tacos is enough to scratch my itch. So far the asada and pastor tacos are the business.  They only give you the meat & tortillas. You can stack all the makings of cilantro, onions, and hot sauce on your tacos. Their "hot sauce" sets this place on fiyah! It's not too hot, but the after taste lingers in your grill for a good minute.  EYE LIKA!!!If you're in the spaghetti bowl/downtown area and got that taco itch, Tacos El Pastorcito is the way to go.
5	HOLY CRAP!After my volunteer shift at The Neon Museum I was heading back home when I noticed their trailer opening, I decided to check them out after hearing good things about their tacos, let's say they did not disappoint.My first plate was 2 El Pastor, 1 Asada, and 1 Chorizo taco.  The chef cooked them up in a hurry and before long I was standing over a plate of awesome. The Chrosizo was good, a nice little kick but not too much spice. The Asada was probably my least favorite, it was good, but out done by the other tacos. The El Pastor Tacos were INSANE, seriously I asked how much for me to take the entire roast off the spit.The fixings/toppings bar was nice, I went with only a splash of lime, but the salsas and other options were all fresh and everyone trying them seemed to like the offerings.After Plate one I knew there needed to be Plate 2, so I ordered up 3 more El Pastor and 1 Lingua. The Lingua was really good (probably my 2nd favorite to the El pastor).  So in the end I had 8 tacos, I probably could have had another plate, but I needed to get going. I can say I will be eating there again, it'll be a great place to grab lunch after my shifts at the Neon Museum.Oh I also forgot the tacos are $1.50 each, they come on top of 2 tortillas, and are served with only meat and tortilla, there is a bar you can add salsa/veggies if you want, but I kept mine simple
5	A part of me wants to keep this spot a secret, but it is way too good not to share.IMO, best tacos in Las Vegas, especially the pork.  Served on a street corner from a portable food cart.  This isn't the safest part of Las Vegas, but the food makes it worth the trip.
5	My hairdresser is from Guadalajara, and about a week ago she and I started bitching about how bad LV Mexican food is. We even bitched about how the Tex-Mex sucks ever since Margarita's Cantina got blown up in 06. Well, she told me that the only good Al Pastor in Las Vegas is located on Bonanza road near the "shitty part of town". I drove down Bonanza from Rancho all the way to Hollywood, and this was the only street taco stand I could find. I just assumed this had to be the place. She was right, it was really good. Just out of personal preference, I still like Taco Taco on Trop better because of the unique seasoning. But, I enjoyed the slices of pineapples that TACOS EL PASTORCITO put in my al pastor taco, and they had this special salsa that was bright orange and tasted like Mexican Tan Tan Men. 3 Al Pastor tacos only ended up being $4.50, and they were pretty big compared to other street tacos. The service was extremely friendly and one of the cooks was really good at setting boundaries for the large homeless population in the area. TACOS EL PASTORCITO is located in the parking lot of a Llantera place, right across the street from a Siegel Suites and what I believe was possibly the wreckage of a UFO(you will see what I mean when you get there). When you wait in line, you will be confronted by multiple druggies and homeless who will either ask you: "You got a cigarette I can borrow?", or "Got 50 cents so I can catch the bus?".  Well, the cook does a great job screaming aggressive things in Spanish to these people and getting them to run back into the alley for a while. Usually a couple of minutes later they come creeping back out and then the angry cooks starts yelling again... this cycle continues all night long.  I also  liked the regular customers. Most of them are older Mexican men who like to talk about professional boxing. I had a fun conversation while waiting for my tacos.
4	Taqueria El Buen Pastor...aka Tacos el Pastorcito! Little taco stand on LV Blvd and Bonanza, near 95. I have been overhearing that they have one of the best al pastor in town...So I finally got to put it to the test First of all, tacos here are pretty cheap. Almost every meat is $1.50, with the Lengua at an even $2.  Pic of the tacos! :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tacos-el-pastorcito-las-vegas?select=qW-Q6OtVPQMb_-RHQNV7mg#qW-Q6OtVPQMb_-RHQNV7mgThe Al Pastor here was good but not the best in my opinion. The taco felt a little light on the meat, but you do get what you pay for. It had lots of flavor, but not quite as good as the other two spots I have recently tried. I think you will like it, I'm just looking for the best in town!But what was great was the Lengua! As you can see in the picture, they shred it instead of cubing it, which gave it a nice Barbacoa like consistency, and packed with juices and flavors! I really liked this...the best Lengua taco I have ran into so far!The Chorizo was nice and flavorful...slightly oily like it should be. Lots of other places in town serve it practically dry...I like juices in my Chorizo!Lastly, they have a salsa bar area to DIY, and the salsas have plenty of depth and not watery and boring like some other places. Give them a try...they are open late!
4	WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS PLACE IS A GREAT NEW FIND.    I travel all over valley for food and this is definitely one of the best Al Pastortacos in the valley. What made it great is it wasn't overseasoned or salty like most places. It was perfect and cut into generous portions. They also have a side cart with salsas and cucumbers slices, radishes, cilantro, etc..   They also have Carne Asada, Tongue, Chicken and Chorizo.If you looking for great tacos and great prices, this is the place.
5	Best al pastor tacos this side of the border, I grew up in Mexico, and I gotta tell you, is really hard to find authentic Mexican flavor.  I followed the advice of yelpers in the search for the best place for tacos, it was right on, so juicy, tasty, I'm going back for more. It is a very short walk from Freemont, and I felt safe as well. Highly recommend!
5	Great tacos. From now on when I  am in Las Vegas on a food bender, this is the first stop. The El pastor was amazing, juicy and plentiful. But it was all good. Full accompaniments of salsa and what not.These guys work hard. Constant line of customers. So you know the food is fresh. Some of the best street tacos ever!
5	So we were driving away from the Cashman Center and my father-in-law (who owns a few taquerias in California) goes, "hey, pull over; those are going to be good tacos." We did and he was absolutely right. How he could tell that from 3 lanes away with the windows rolled up, I don't know - but I'm happy that he has psychic taco finding skills.Hands down, Tacos El Pastorcito has the best al pastor in Vegas. I've been across the city from the chain stores to the street-corner taquerias whose menus aren't even in English. This place ranks at the very top. Yes, it's on a street corner in the parking lot of a tire shop -- BUT it has an "A" rating from the heath inspector (most mobile kitchens are "B"s at best). Yes, it's in a ghetto part of town, but it's 30 seconds off the freeway, so suck it up, jump off the 96 and risk your personal safety for 5 minutes while you pick up some of the best tacos in Vegas. The carne asada is worth the risk and the al Pastor will make you completely forget that you are surrounded by drunken creepers staggering home from Fremont Street.Delicious!
5	Wow. Al pastor is amazing. Authentic and delicious tacos and salsas. Definitely going back tomorrow!
4	Official name: Tacos El Buen Pastor.I guess they changed their name from Tacos El Pastorcito to Tacos El Buen Pastor a year ago, but their Yelp page fails to reflect that. Combine that with another taco stand's Yelp page that claims the same name and I am completely confused. The good thing is that they will always be at 530 N Las Vegas Blvd, regardless of name. The taco stand is situated on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Bonanza, which is home to Payless Tire Shop (open 24 hours). The space is unfortunately small, so parking sucks. There's usually a gentleman directing traffic and helping you park in tight spots, but he wasn't available when I arrived. I had to circle the block (not an easy feat on Las Vegas Blvd, home of no U-turns) and the only space that seemed plausible was the 7-11 parking lot across Bonanza. There are several unsavory folks that hang out there, so the key is to move quickly. Thankfully, there is a crosswalk at the light.The tacos here are small, but just $2/each (except Lengua for $2.25). Their menu seems more extensive than other taco trucks in the valley, but primarily the same offerings. The salsa bar is also standard with three types of salsa, radish, cucumber, and toppings like diced white onions and cilantro. The mild salsa, made with green chiles and avocado, was particularly delicious.I tried two tacos with Pastor and Lengua. The pastor comes with the perfectly sweet chopped pineapple that they heat up on the flattop as well. The pork is very flavorful with great spices and importantly tender. It made me appreciate Pastor and forget all about my love for Carne Asada. The Lengua was really great too; super tender! Their Al Pastor is definitely the best of the street vendors.
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas hands down! You though tacos el gordo or taco y taco were good? Then you need to be here. Perfect for the picky eaters who don't like too many ingredients because the meat itself is extremely satisfying. I honestly cannot get enough of these tacos.
5	I don't know what the name is. I don't care.The thing is, I was on my way somewhere else this afternoon and realized as I was getting off the highway that the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd and Bonanza was really, really close. So I went. And I found the trailer. And I ordered one single taco al pastor ($2.00 untaxed).Best al pastor I have had yet.There were no issues with saltiness, which has become all too common an issue at Taco y Taco as of late. There was also just savory, and sweet from the pork and pineapple, as well as the perfectly portioned complement of onions and cilantro, and some sort of green salsa. Side note: you have to add the onions and cilantro yourself from the condiment area, so I guess I know who to thank for all of that.I will try other tacos when I can convince friends or family to go. But for now, I have validated for myself the hype from Yelp (and mainly Nelson Q.): this is definitely the spot for al pastor.
3	La comida bien nada mas la cajera  como q nesecita. Secretaria para q le. Conteste el cell y pueda. Atender. A los clientes
5	Best Pastor Tacos this side of the Border period!  I have tried to find good pastor tacos here in vegas for years, some that would be as good as the street tacos I had in Monterrey, Mexico every place has failed miserably except gordos tacos which are decent but not as good as these.  These matched the tacos I had in mexico, they also sell the "Gringa" taco which is the way many of the street vendors sell them in Monterrey, MX which is,:flour tortilla, white mexican cheese, lots of pastor meat, avacado slices.  I highly recommend the "Gringa" taco, it's big so one is usually enough.  In mexico they also sold one called a "Campechana"  which was exactly like a "Gringa" but it had pastor meat and bistec/steak meat mixed.
5	TACOS AL PASTOR WITH PINEAPPLE, ONION, CILANTRO AND THE ORANGE SALSA BOOM! Thank me later. Of course I stumbled onto this little taco cart after a night of partying downtown a few years ago and now I'll drive across town for a taco. It's on the corner in the parking lot of a tire shop and the parking can be crazy but who cares. The juiciest, most flavorful al pastor I've ever tried. I could drink their orange salsa it's so good. Make sure you scarf down your tacos in the parking lot because you'll go back to buy a couple of more, trust me!
4	to put it simply. when you are craving for tacos. this is a great spot to get that fix. pastor was marinated very well, pineapple with it is always good also, had the cabeza. taco truck in the hood, what more could you ask for.
3	3 1/2, really.Almost passed on this one once we found it in a sketchy neighborhood. Almost under the freeway, I first noticed the rainbow, marquee for Taqueria El Buen Pastor scrolling on a tire and lube business. Confused for a moment, we then noticed the busy taco truck parked on the corner. I echo others' observation about being on your gaurd around this area; I was reminded here that NV is an open carry state.Warning: Very limited parking! We came around 10pm and had to park in the "gated" motel lot next door. Couldn't tell if the lady was being condescending or not as she lengthily greeted my white-face-and-red-hair in Spanish. My Filipino companion greeted her in English to which she answered in perfect English the remainder of our encounter...Prices are higher than what I'm used to pretty much everywhere in CA. I'm not sure if it's just this place or LV in general but I was surprised. $2 for tacos, $3.50 for ranchero (super) which comes with cheese, rice, beans, guac, and crema. Of course, Ranchero comes with less meat in order to make room for all those extra goodies. Standard burritos $8. Ordered the pastor (of course). Best part of these tacos is the inclusion of pineapple in the pastor; The sweet-salty spice combination is tasty. The actual spice flavor of the pastor was okay, could have been marinated longer or been more generous with the spice. Portions are pretty good- this is a meaty taco. The tortilla is on the smaller side but pretty full with meat. They have a mexican fixins' bar with cilantro/onion, salsas, limes, etc. I'd say the ranchero isn't worth it but get the regular taco. $2 extra for "guacamole avocado"...(!) Good, cheap eats *for Vegas* and copacetic in the realm of tacos, although, not the best I've had. I think alot of these are drunk reviews.
5	The very best taco truck around, inside or outside of Las Vegas.  You have to love the long lines, but these tacos are worth endangering your life.  You'll see lol
4	I've been here before for a taco crawl and been meaning to go back. What I had during the crawl was solid and one of the better stands we visited. When we were with a group of friends at a downtown bar, I took the opportunity to suggest capping the night with some tacos. So it's not the gentrified part of downtown and is a much more colorful crowd, but calm the fuck down you will be fine. Soon enough they are opening a actual brick and mortar across from the Cardenas market on Decatur and Meadows Ln. While they are building the interior, they have a stand in the parking lot up and running so you can try them there as well. Tacos are $2 and they also do basics like tortas, burritos, quesadilla, etc.One of the few stands that take cards ($5 minimum to use credit/debit). I got pastor tacos which were solid like last time. A bit of char crispy bits, the seasoning was good on them and has grease, but not too greasy that it's gross. They dont ask you if you want pineapple, you have to tell them as we didn't get any on ours. Cabeza was shredded finely so meat and fatty bits is incorporated together well. It was tender and wonderful aside from it could use a tiny bit more salt though I fixed that myself with seasoning it. I love their pickled onions here at the salsa bar. They're sweet, a little bit of tang and really spicy with the thin slices of ripe habanero chilies what I originally thought was carrot.Definitely love this spot. Cheap, tasty and open late (3pm til 1am Tue-Sun).
4	One of my favorite taco places. It's super far from me but every time I'm on this side of town I always have to stop by here for a few freshly made tacos.It's about $2+ per taco. All served with corn tortilla which I personally don't like since I prefer flour tortilla and to get flour tortilla it's an extra $.50 per taco (which sucks bc you would think that it's included, all those $.50s add up haha) Weds is buy 1 ($2) get the 2nd taco free on the pork taco ..in other words a $1 each
5	One of the best tacos I've ever had- and I've had a lot. The pastor and chorizo are amazing I'm coming back to try the chicken and carne. They are simple and you get to top them yourself with fresh cut ingredients - pickled onions cilantro, radishes, 3 salsas, it's worth slumming it for these tacos
5	Tacos El Pastor. Best taco I've ever had. YUM! Nice people running it, too.
5	OMG, just had the Al Pastor tacos today.  Amazing.  I cant even begin to describe how good they are.  There is a sauce on the salsa bar that is kind of a salmon color.  I honestly could drink it.  Five stars isnt even enough!
5	Well well well Nelson, so you've done it again. You have found one of the most amazing hole in the wall joints in Las Vegas!! Big kudos to you. This is now my favorite place to get tacos anywhere in town, especially my favorite, the al pastor taco.Unfortunately, I was not able to attend the UYE treks that Nelson put together due to work obligations. But after having these tacos, I probably should have used up all my sick days hehe. The only thing I regretted was taking such a long period of time to try these delectable morsels of flava'.For parking, try to find a spot at the gas station or on the nearby streets. It can get kinda sketchy late at night so keep a lookout!So I ordered three al pastor tacos with pineapple. First off, you know they are going to do things right when they use fresh pineapple. When the tacos came out, they were a great sized portion. Heading over to the sides station, I decided to try a different sauce on each taco. Added on cilantro and limes, and I was good to go.That first bite... Forget about it. Forget about every al pastor taco you've had in your life. Because these guys? Yea, they know what's up. The smoky richness of the pork layered by the perfect blend of seasonings and spices. Trust me, you need to go here. The sauces? Amazing! Try some and find out which one you like!In Nelson we trust! Great find!!
5	CLIMAX CITY!  Best food truck of my life!  Sincronizada, Gringa, Atascate Chon...ADD GREEN SAUCE
