3	Anyone from Chicago can appreciate Chicagoland Hotdogs & more. The classic hot dogs/jumbo dogs, Italian beef, and cheese fries will make you feel like you're right back at home in the Midwest. I also love that soda is still considered 'pop' and the walls are covered in Chicago sports memorabilia.
4	Vienna Beef FTW! Any hot dog place that proudly serves Vienna Beef is a hot dog place for me. After a lesson on the history of Vienna Beef from the boyfriend's iPhone, we were in the mood for some good Chicago-style hot dogs and since we were in the area (on the way back from a Cubs/White Sox spring training game), we stopped in. I used to live in this area and had been here several times when it was under a different name and it's still as delicious. It seems to me that they're still using the same good products. We both got the "hot dog and fries basket" which was just as it sounds. Good hot dog, served with all the fixin's (or however you request): mustard, onions, relish, tomatoes, cucumber salt, and sport peppers. Nom. Lots of sports memorabilia on the walls- great for looking around while you wait for you food to be cooked fresh to order.
3	There was nothing crazy awesome about this place. The vienna dog was over steamed as it had lost its color. The french fries were ok but the ketchup was room temperature at 1130! Yuck! I did like the decorations of the Chicago shirts on the walls and the Pepsi pop was top notch! The man next to me was raving about how good his polish sausage was so maybe go that way! The woman who rung up our order sucked and no one else was as friendly as most Chicago people are, kinda bummed about that!
5	How can a hot dog place be this good?  Really, it seems silly, afterall its JUST a hot dog.  But the dog is cooked to perfection, the poppy seed bun is steamed just right and the toppings are spot on.  My son digs the sliced beef sandwich.  Now if only they were under 100 calories, lol!
3	Anyone who knows me or has taken the time to read any of my reviews knows my love of a good sandwich. This place offers one of your best chances to get a really good italian beef sandwich here in Arizona period. Yes the walls are covered in old newspaper clippings and yeah they do plaster the word Chicago all over the place but what stands out is the food. My sandwich was big and loaded with hot and well seasoned beef that was dripping from the magical meat juices they cook it in. To help round out my meal I ordered a small order of fries. I would have to say that the lady who took my order seemed like she was tired and wanted to go home or just hated her job because she never smiled and just stared for the most part. She never offered assistance to me or my dining partner for this Midwest lunch run. Now I do not want to give this place a bum wrap or take away well deserved stars for the rudeness of a few employees, but when they are the ones who are in charge of not only greeting your customers, but also making sure they feel welcome is it not important that they do their job correctly? I do not expect someone to offer a fake smile, and kiss up to me as a customer no I don't. But what I do expect is fair prices, good food, and a nice experience. If one of those elements is messing then chances are it will be a long time before I come back if at all. Bottom line this place has a nice selection of Vienna beef dogs, hamburgers, and sliders. The fries are good and crispy but as for the service, I recommend getting your food to go. Enough said!Case closed
3	Was in the mood for a good sandwich so decided to give this place a second shot. Normally I go for the italian beef with hot peppers but decided to try half hot and half sweet. After selecting my sandwich wet of course (this is where they dip the meat and sometimes the whole sandwich itself into the pan of juices the meat was cooked in) I grabbed my food and headed home.As I said before the service still needs some work but the food is still great. The only real issue I had this time was that what they call sweet peppers were nothing more than over cooked bell peppers. Now I understand that there are those who like everything bland, and under seasoned (yuck) but I am not one of them. Seriously do not go around calling something it is not. That would be like calling a dog a cat or a tiger a lion! I mean come on a 2 year old knows the difference between the cow that goes moo and the chicken that goes cluck. So why do places act like we do not? LOL OK so enough of my ranting. Look bottom line the sandwiches are still great, their large fries are really large, and the prices are fair. Just avoid the crabby service and non sweet peppers and you should be fine.
3	I love hot dog's, but I admit I am not all that familiar with Chicago style dog's.  I tried a dog chicago style with a side of fries.  The hot dog was great, especially all the toppings.  The only downer was the fries.  They plain sucked.  On top of the pedestrian fries was the ketchup.  Seriously, is it too much to ask for some heinz.  I hate when restaurants go cheap and put the runny, watered down imitation ketchup in a red bottle.  By the way, some previous posts complained about the service.... I found it to be very pleasant.  The place was packed at lunch time and it had a great local vibe.
5	The best Chicago style dog in AZ. Try the fried zucchini or mushrooms on the side. I always get good service for a hot dog place.
2	Had always seen this place while traveling the east valley for work and decided to finally give it a go.  It was about 230pm on a Friday afternoon.Ordered myself a chili cheese dog.  The hot dog was great, Vienna Beef does give it a superior flavor and texture, bonus that it was in a natural casing.  However, that's about where the good experienced ended.  Everything that surrounded the hot dog quickly took away from the excitement and enjoyment of my lunch.  The chili was kind of flavorless and a little thin, which is why, I think, they drowned it in cheese.  I'm all about a messy dog... but it was all over the place, so much so, I had to eat it with a knife and fork. (it's a hot dog, not a stew)But after eating the dog and then tackling the bun, I figured why they were so liberal with their cheese and thin chili, the bottom of the bun was hard.  I know I came in after the lunch rush, but a hard bun?  Really? That's the cheapest part of the package other than condiments, easy to toss without taking it on the chin.  Either they don't care or someone left the bag open after lunch and I got the tail end of the bag.  Not unforgiveable, but when you add it all up, it was disappointing.  I wouldn't not recommend it, but it's not a place I'd drive out of the way for.  But location wise, I don't think they intend on catering to the hot dog enthusiast as much as the kids from Red Mountain HS down the road.Service was good, the place is what you expect from a strip restaurant and its clean.
4	This is my "Go To" place for hot dogs. It's right around the corner, the Vienna Beef dogs are awesome! I've always had great service there and the food has always been delicious. Your opions close by (Sonic and DQ) are a notch below. Check the hours before you head over, I missed them by about an hour once... bummer!
1	Poor service, poor Chicago style food. I ordered a sandwich for my girlfriend and got her an Italian beef sandwich with marinara and mozzarella cheese on it. I explained specifically to put the cheese on-top of the marinara. I get home and she opens her sandwich and there is marinara all over the place (because the cheese was not melted over the marinara) I call the place to let them know and she explains it was a mistake that won't happen again the next time we go in. Cashier rude btw and interrupting when originally placed the order. I was expecting them to fix it and no fix. Sandwich disgusting and soggy. Literally had to take everything out and remake the sandwich. Luckily I had marinara and mozzarella on hand. Not going back. The place used to be awesome when it was owned by Al and called 'Al's'
5	I'll have to admit that most of my favorite foods actually come from the few years that I lived in   New York. It's no secret that there is an on going battle between who makes the better food, New York City or Chicago? I have had my fair share of "New York style" hotdogs, and still wish that there was a legit New York style hotdog stand somewhere in the valley. Having said that, I have to admit that I may have become adopted to the Chicago style dog. Chicagoland Hotdogs & More are the people to attribute to my conversion. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience there. The only difficult thing was to pick what I wanted from their huge menu. I was told about it by a friend and he suggested that I get a Chicago-dog my first time around. Needless to say I took the advice and got two, and my favorite side dish, onion rings. As I waited I noticed that they had Chicago stuff everywhere; Cubs, White Sox, Bulls, you name it they had it. Even down to a detailed map of the city. However they did have the Yankees game up on the TV, so now I didn't feel like I was betraying New York to bad. My order was done sooner then I thought, and there it was in front of me my first chicago-dog. It had a vienna beef hotdog, mustard, tomato slices, a pickle, hot peppers, a special relish, onion, and some really good seasoning salt. This was no normal dog, because this thing was loaded. At first I thought that most of those toppings contradicted each other, but as I took my first bite, my New York bias was humbled. It was out of this world. Both of them. I don't know what kind of seasoning salt they used on this but it complimented the veggies perfectly. The onion rings were awesome as well. I say that, because the onion didn't all come out in your first bite, which is my biggest pet peeve when it comes to onion rings. The breading they used seemed to be a  perfect amount for how much onion there was. One of the employees realized as I was eating them that I was not using any ranch because they neglected to give it to me. That would have made me angry had I known what I was missing. They must make their own ranch because it was hands down the best dipping ranch I have ever had. I'd recommend this "mom and pop store" to anyone, especially if you like hotdogs. I am sure that I'm going to be one of their regulars.
3	Ordered up a chicago dog and fries. I found it to be a tad heavy on the mustard and the bun was slightly stale (slightly...not a lot stale).  Tomatoes were sliced a little thin and maybe not quite as fresh as they could be.Fries were fries.  Nothing special, but not bad either.Having said the above, it was pretty good and worth a return trip.Not a 4, but not a 3 either.  Call it 3.5.
5	I'd give it about a 4.5, but I like rounding up for local businesses!  The owner has been in there every time I've shown up, and the food comes out hot.  The prices are spot on what you'd expect to pay, and so is the quality.  I'm not from Chicago, and have only been there a couple times, so I wouldn't be able to speak to its authenticity - but I can speak to its taste and the great customer service the crew provides every time.  If you're in the neighborhood and thinking about a hot dog, burger, fried zuccini, italian beef sandwich, or chicken burger, skip Sonic and DQ - they can't touch this place with a 15-yard drive-thru window.
5	The best taste by far is a plain grilled 'fire dog' on a soft poppy seed bun.  Just zippy enough without a lot of stuff added.  I have to limit myself to once a week on my diet, but it's always a treat.
5	I have no idea what the folks are saying about poor service. I have always had fast and friendly service.Anyway, the food is always good. I love the traditional Midwest Pork Tenderloin sandwich. It is very good. The hotdogs are awesome and I love their chili. The Italian Beef is one of my favorite things they serve. Our family has been here many times and all of us like it. We have never had anything we didn't like.We like to support the small, non chain places and this is a good one!
5	Love this place!  Makes me miss the midwest with all the memorabilia.  Great service too.
5	Love eating here. My boyfriend and I eat here at least every other Saturday. He loves the Chicago dogs and I get the cheese dogs! The cheese fries are yummy. It's small but there is additional seating outside and they also do to go. The staff is always super friendly. A great family owned business!
5	I really liked this place, good food and I'm stoked that it is right down the street from me! Can't wait to try the other foods
5	The closest thing to a Chicago gyro. Great staff. All around I will continue to give them my business. Bryan always remembers who I am every time and knows what I want. (Hope I spelled the name right)
5	Love this place.  We eat here all the time.  They have the best Chicago dogs.
5	Corn dogs are amazing.... So was the Kraut dog and Chicago dog..... Can't wait to go back to try the fries.... Yummmm!
5	Gyros are amazing. Best this side of town. Fried Zucchini is also a must have. Great family owned restaurant.
2	Over priced hotdogs the size of my pinky.  Nothing special, won't be back.
5	I love your guys food! But omg you need to deep clean your dinning room! It's gross! The high chairs look like they haven't been cleaned in years! I was so upset I had to put my little girl in it! Around the floor boards are caked with thick dirt! PLEASE clean your dinning room! Chairs ketchup bottles everything so I can keep eating here!
5	Excellent Italian beef. Very reminiscent of one of the many places I used to love in Chicago. Looking forward to try some of the other menu items, but definitely a good find if you're looking for a worthy Italian beef. Be sure to dip it!
5	I tried Chicago land last night and I must say The cheezy beef is amazing. Served with a generous portion of fries and au jus for the sandwich. Awesome place I definitely recommend it.
5	This small family owned place not only has wonderful food, but a caring staff. Once you have been there you have to go back! It is addictive. They have great prices and everything is delicious!
5	This place is amazing!!!!! Has a great Italian beef sandwich and an awesome pizza burger! Their chili dog is so good and their frys are the best frys I've probably ever had. Their service is great! I recommend u go there!
