5	Delicious breads of all kinds.  They have muffins, scones, cookies, desert breads - artisan style.  I love picking some up for a special dinner or party.  The Greek Olive Ciabatta that they make on Saturdays is super yummy - so is the Freedom Bread.  Everything taste homemade and whole grain - nothing "cheap" or artificial here.
4	Their bread is awesome!! Its made fresh every night! You can actually drive by around 9pm and see them making the bread. They have different breads daily but have some daily. Unfortunately their hours are pretty short so definitely get in there. You can taste several of their breads everyday so the more you go in, you can taste test before buying the whole loaf. And when you buy 8 you get one free. Great deal! You can check out their website for all of the breads they have in detail daily.http://www.breadsmith.com/locations/mesamenu.pdf
5	While you all stand in the infinite line at the Old Town Farmers' Market for Simply Bread, I'll be looking for Breadsmith.  Not that there's anything wrong with Simply Bread.  I just detest lines, especially lines filled with stroller totin' moms that want to sample everything themselves as well as feed it to their kids.If I'm lucky, I made it to the market before the Greek Olive Ciabatta is gone.  This ciabatta is FILLED with olives, and whole olives, not "chopped up so you can barely detect it's an olive" olive.  Unfortunately, most days I'm left with what's still available, maybe a rustic Italian or Freedom Bread.  But I'll take it, thank you!
4	Been here a couple of times now and have to say I really like what they are doing here. I wanted to try out this recipe for turkey burgers with sun dried tomatoes and needed a bread that could hold up to it. Walking in, the place is laid out really simple yet there is much to offer. On the right is a sample bar of different types of breads along with olive oil for dipping awaiting anyone looking for a little sneak peak of what is to come. If you have a sweet tooth they usually offer a taste of their desert bread as well.As for their selection they have the standard white and wheat bread for those who are looking for something more traditional. If you are feeling a little adventurous try the jalapeno cheese sourdough. Or do as I did and pick up a couple of their fresh baked ciabatta rolls for sandwiches or burgers. Listen there are a lot of places out there for bread but this place offers a great product without all the long lines or the huge markup of Scottsdale. A little more expensive than a loaf of walmart bread but better tasting and fresher to. Give them a try the next time you are in the area.
5	Banana bread and their seasonal pumpkin bread are awesome. It doesn't hurt that they bake fresh bread everyday and that just tastes yummy everytime I get me some slices in the morn...
3	Decided to have a pizza and movie night at home so I went here to buy some dough. They offer two kinds (wheat and traditional). Let me say as a person who bakes a lot and has made several batches of dough this was not good. The dough looked ok but did not want to be stretched which made it impossible to form a pizza. So I decided instead to make calzones. For those who do not want to make their own I would say look for a good store bought dough because this is not it. Their breads are OK when they are fresh but the wheat pizza dough was terrible. Had to throw it away and I hate wasting food!! Will continue buying bread here but will have to look elsewhere for a good pizza dough supply. Or keep making my own
5	Simply, the best bread i have eaten.  Buy the round french peasant.Buttered and toasted; whew forget it! excellentAlso, if you need a sweet treat buy the individual coffee cake. Five stars to this place, ive been a loyal customer for over 5 years now.
4	This place WAS great - so sad they closed!
