4	What can I say, this is Panda Express.  So, not "great" chinese food, but pretty good for fast food...  I'm obsessed with the orange chicken (who isn't?) and the chow mein.  This particular location is the cleanest Panda I have ever been to... and they have a decent outdoor patio too.  Nice to have in the neighborhood.
3	George and Son's and Flo's are now my favorite North Scottsdale Chinese eatery's. However, in a rush, Panda gets the job done and at a fair price. Not a place I would ever take guests though. *FYI - George & Son's also delivers!!!
2	I used to occasionally dine at Panda Express when I wanted a cheap meal and to just kick back and chill. The problem is that the food seems to sit out there for a long period of time; or they would spoon out the last batch to me sans most of the chicken. In other words, their portion ratio of meat to vegetables is never consistent.
3	Never the best ..... Never the worst.This location is A-OK.The food has always been decent.The staff has always been courteous.
3	Like so many national food chains, Panda Express is pretty much the same all over.  That said, either you like them or do not.Here in Scottsdale, we have many alternatives to Panda Express.  You have The Red Door, Ling and Louie, PF Chang's, Jade Palace, Pei Wei (similar in many ways to Panda Express), George & Sons, to name just a few; or even Flo's which is across the street from this location.  So, the choices are pretty much endless.The key, I believe in seeking out Panda Express is convenience and time.  Sit down restaurants involve time.  Both in travel, but also ordering and waiting for the food to be prepared and served. Yes, I know most of these restaurants have takeout.  What Chinese restaurant doesn't have takeout?  But here, you come in, point at a few items behind the glass, pay and you're on your way. -- and their prices are very reasonable.If you have a limited lunch hour, or in reality a half hour, then Panda Express becomes a very reasonable alternative for those of us who eat at our desks.  In the end, the food is universally good -- not NYC Chinatown Five stars good, but fast food Chinese Three Stars, "A-Okay" good.Enjoy!
3	Basic stuff. Would like the staff to speak better English so they can understand my order. Or (according to some dip$hits) i should learn Spanish and/or Chinese just to aid in my order.
4	Good, fresh selection, fast staff, clean restaurant. Thumbs up in my book!
4	Always a great place for fast Chinese food. Love their Chow Mein and Orange Chicken. I see the staff always cleaning the tables and floors.Plenty of sitting and ample parking.In and out in less than 20 minutes.
3	Always clean, always fresh, or maybe my timing is always awesome. Also, they are very quick to get you through the line, even at lunch rush!
3	Chinese food?  it is adequate.  It is a great value for the money spent.  They always offer samples and get you out of there in no time.  The places are kept clean.  Sometimes the food is not up to par.  I've experienced doughy chicken or overcooked items.  Can't really expect that much for the money.  It is fine for a rushed meal.
3	Standard location for the chain. Orange chicken was cooked well, the rice was a touch undercooked a little crunchy in parts, the chicken egg roll was tasty.  Staff was friendly and moved the line quickly and easily.The place was very clean even though it was right around lunch time and busy.  They kept up on the cleaning while we ate as well after patrons would leave and the tables weren't up to par.  Overall: B+It's not gourmet (I think you probably knew that before heading in), but it's a good lunch stop!  =)
4	I love the way this location cooks their Orange Chicken. It's tangy and spicy, and cut into smaller pieces so it stays crispier (not all Pandas cook it the same). I did come in once an hour before closing and was told the white rice was gone. That was a bummer, but oh well. The OC was really good and made up for it.
