2	We waited for over ONE HOUR for a Valley Metro bus this past weekend.  No joke.Phoenix in not a transit-friendly city, and I know that.  I'll digress for a minute.  To take a bus in a sprawling car-dependent city such as ours, most would think that you have no car, are having car problems, are poor, etc.  But in planning for the ultimate wild night out we decided to do the responsible thing and take cabs into Scottsdale.  The next morning I woke up with only $5 in my pocket.  Oops.  It could have been worse -- I could have woken up to a worse surprise. (No snickering.  That is neither here nor there.)Instead of asking friends to cart me around, the urban explorer in me decided to take the bus.  Why not?  I'm not above it.  I walked over to the bus stop at Scottsdale Fashion Square and waited, and waited.  20 minutes turned into 30.  30 turned into 40.  I called the phone number on the bus stop sign and got some automated service telling me my bus would be there in 18 minutes.  Great!!  A total of one hour.  I probably could have walked the 7 miles home in faster than an hour.   Weekday waits aren't much better.  Your hour wait will lessen to a superconvenient 30 minute wait.  Some express routes (on the freeway and a handful of major roads) run more frequently, but are few and far between.I've used many bus and rail systems, from the MTA (NY & LA) to the CTA, and BART and Muni.  And Valley Metro probably ranks below all of them. (OK, maybe not that one smelly, filthy Muni bus I rode)   I might actually ride the bus more frequently if it ran more often.  But understanding that Valley Metro probably operates under simple economics (supply and demand) I don't see them budging to run more frequently if ridership isn't there.  But guess what?  I'm not going to ride buses, if they are that inconvenient.  So there you have it.Other than that, the bus ride itself seemed to go much quicker than I thought, and wasn't as dirty as other bus systems.  Plus it was only $1.25 to ride.  Hopefully more Phoenix citizens will ride transit - I think that's the only way bus service will improve (not to mention improving traffic and air quality :-))I'm eager to see how light rail works out, but if it is as disappointing as the bus then count me out.  Shame on us Phoenix.  We deserve better.
3	I would really love to give Valley Metro more stars. Really, I would. I am a large proponent of taking the bus when I can. I do own a car, so it is not for lack of other transportation that I frequently take the bus. It is for the simple reason that Stevey stated-- Valley Metro will supply more routes when the demand is there. And Phoenix can't afford to have so much sprawl and no form of mass transit. If we would all just suck it up and step away from our SUVs for one to two trips a week, Valley Metro might have the funds to have a ligitimate system!Honestly, the buses are nice. Mostly, they are clean and on-time. You can check the schedule at www.ValleyMetro.org before you go so you will know the fatest route to take. You can even plan your route from there. It's cheap-- only $1.25 to ride, and free transfers for the next two hours. You just definintely need to set aside a good chunk of time to get where you're going!
3	i was very happy with my bus experience today - first and only, though it may be. I was up at a marriott on black canyon freeway and wanted to go downtown for some touring.  besides the fact that everyone i asked said "but i don't understand why you want to go there" they also informed me that the bus was slow and rarely made it's posted arrival time. though i walked the wrong direction i found myself at a transit center at the metro center mall and caught the red line eastbound, greeted as i entered by a jovial singing bus driver. and not the annoying kind. i showed him what the transit girl had given me by way of directions (more in a second) and he made sure i got to the stop i needed.  when i transferred to the #15 bus, that driver was very nice and helpful too, and though he too didn't understand why i would be traveling to phoenix, he wished me well and let me know when he'd be on the return trip if i wanted a ride back.and in fact on my ride back i got on the red line from central station and was greeted by happy singing bus driver #1 who remembered me! so, i would give this whole day a 4 star score except that the website is stupid and it told me i needed to take the 122 to the 15 to the 19 to get downtown when all i really needed to do was take the red line the whole way. that would have saved me a lot of walking and waiting at a bus stop with crazy homeless men screaming at each other while i waited to transfer.  that's all i'm saying.
4	I used to ride the bus every day in high school. I enjoy the theory, but the smell of it (you guessed it... URINE!) bugs me to no end.Though, I give four stars for the super cool driver who gave Theresa B. and I a free ride when she busted a flat on our bike ride from PHX to Tempe for Tour de Fat this year. He got off the bus and helped us put our bikes on, too! Totally cool!
5	OMG LADIES! I am HUGE on the bus.  I've been riding it to work for 2.5 years, and am horrified that you guys aren't pushing the benefits of commuting and mass transit in this city!I love Valley Metro. I ride the Rapid bus, every day, twice a day.  The rapid shuttle is part of Valley Metro, but it is a  very different bus line then the city buses that I think some of you have been riding on. There are 4 Rapid Routes...1 from the west valley, (I-10 west from Avondale) 1 from the north (I-17 from Bell Road) 1 from the East, (I-10 East from Chandler) and 1 servicing the 51, from the 51 and Shea.  If it were not for these rapid shuttles, I probably would not have a job, and probably have lost my mind by now. After I moved here, within 3 months, I had busted a windshield, had someone do a hit and run on me on the expressway, and basically sat in traffic for a ridiculous amt of time, so much that I was commuting an obnoxious amount of time.Finally, a fellow co-worker told me that she commutes in half the time from the same place using the bus. Since I started riding the rapid, I've been hooked.  My busses are on time, my commute is 1/3 of what I was doing when I was driving, and the amt of money I have saved on gas is unbelieveable.
3	You can bring a Diet Coke can on the bus. And bottled water. I even saw a bag of chips.Back packs, briefcases and shopping bags.You can even bring your own stinky body odor.Lots of them you know!And I imagine you should bring $1.25. Only on this day. It was free. How cool. A free ride to the stadium. A/C!Oh.Just don't bring a red plastic cup. Those. Are not allowed. You will get yelled at. In front of people. Believe me.
2	I have nearly been hit by these buses, probably about a half dozen times.  They are assholes.  I've also seen them run red lights at least twice and not the whole "yellow...yellow...red!?! aw crap" kinda running.The last time I rode the bus someone must have shit their pants.  I blame the old guy across from me.  It was amusing to watch everyone get off at the next stop, but extremely inconvenient to walk the extra distance to class.  I haven't been on since.  *ASU has free bus passes for all students, which is the only thing that makes it worth riding.  Go to the bottom floor of the towers where you buy parking passes and get yourself a semester pass.
2	Clearly, some work could be done here. For instance, it is not currently possible for me to take the bus to work, due to the routes not covering the entire valley. Wait time is definitely an issue... even busy routes sometimes only have a bus every half hour, which is just ridiculous for planning. When I lived in Tempe, it wasn't quite as ridiculous, as the buses all went to a central "hub," and thus got me to school, work, and home, since most all were located downtown. Actually, that's not true... the bus was most useful to me when I lived in the southerly portions of the city or Mesa... the'burbs to downtown routes are quite organized and frequent. Anything else is a crapshoot in terms of convenience, or even the very existence of a reasonable route between your two locations. It's fun to take the bus, but don't get caught behind one! Each stop typically seems take at least 1 or 2 minutes. Not enough people have metro cards, because they are (or at least were) ridiculous in price unless you ride the bus at least once each day. Then, you save a bit. Were the routes more, um, there, this would be reasonable. Anyway, this leads to lots of change counting and transfer giving. Transfers are also a crapshoot, but I think they are only supposed to last for an hour... Sometimes, you get lucky, though, and it's like an all-day pass to an amusement park. Bus drivers are a different kind of animal. They are a diverse group: I've had some awesome, jolly ones (the black lady who sings while she drives, the guy that looks and acts like Santa Claus) and some disgruntled ones (the guy who stuck his head out the window and threatened to call 911 on someone who cut him off, then did, screaming into the phone in a thick accent, the guy with horn-rimmed glasses who wouldn't let me ride because I was a dime short, the guy who refused to help me figure out the bike rack, then honked at me as I fumbled with it, horn right near my face, of course). The people who ride the bus are just as interesting, depending on my mood I would get into some weird conversations (talking politics in spanish with drunk guys on the FLASH, swapping diy hair-cutting strategies with a pink-plumed art student, discussing veganism with a snobby Gentle Strength employee 'back in tha day,' being picked up on by all sorts of people). A book or walkman will grant you your solitude, if that is what you desire. Writers should definitely ride the bus.
3	I have yet to smell tinkle, but I probably will one day.I don't hate the bus.  It does what it does.  It puts down the road and for a sum of money, you can take it all over the city.  Sometimes it may be an all-day ordeal if you plan on going somewhere significantly far away, but the bus, she will get you there.Biggest complaints have to deal with the people who ride the bus and people who drive the bus.  Bus occupants and drivers alike can sometimes border on complete lunacy.I had a bus driver disallow me from getting on the bus because he had a grudge.  I forgot to put the bike rack on the bus up on the day previous.  I know that's a retarded move, maybe unintentionally dick.  I understand.  Tell me I'm an ass.  He told me I was banned.  I was like, "What the fuck?  You can't do that."He couldn't.  I rode it again (a sweet bus route.  best kept secret in phoenix, man) and he gave me this talk that if I ever left the rack down, I'd be gone... but he spoke to me as thought he'd never seen me before.I always feel slightly trashy having ridden the bus.  It does the job, but shit...
5	I've been riding public transportation in LA for the better part of 15 years, maybe even longer. Riding the bus here in Phoenix using noticeably better experience. Here is one example.     The other day I was going to a job interview in an area where the bus runs once an hour. I was quite excited about it and I was talking to the driver as I always do. She dropped me off and wished me well As I was leaving my interview going out to catch the bus I was nearly 3 blocks away from the bus stop when I saw the bus approaching. NOTE: I can no longer run because of a bad motorcycle accident a few years ago (she didn't know this) so I simply waved and sighed. I could see in the distance she had stopped and no one got off the bus. So I stilted over there as quickly as I could. She had stopped for me and waited to let me on the bus.     I've only been here in Phoenix for a little over 30 days and I rode the bus many of those days. I've had countless wonderful experiences and 2 displeasing ones. Be it they were bad but not noteworthy So I'll not pay them anymore lip service. Back to the brighter side and my reasoning for giving five stars to this transportation system. Every driver that I've observed minds very closely a list that sits in the center of the wheel or just to the right of it. On them are the names of all the major intersections on the route and the times they are supposed to be there. Then directly to their left and slightly above their head is a GPS device. Not only does the GPS device tell the driver there running ahead of time but so does the list to their right which is easier to read. These people driving the buses deal with all kinds of BS. But I have yet to see any of them deviate from this practice of waiting until their bus is again on schedule at every major intersection listed in the time points to the right and on the GPS. Nor have I noticed any of them being impatient or crappy.     Hey life is what you make it. I know some people who have a crappy time no matter what and I almost think that they're dead set on having a crappy time. Yes the bus has some creatures on it in human skin that smell like various awful things sometimes. But remember we all have something in common with them. A need to get somewhere and there you are on the bus doing just that. So live with it.     These fine ladies and gentlemen that drive us around on these buses, in my experience are often wonderful and I have a lot of love for them. FIVE WELL DESERVED STARS !
5	This review is totally skewed! So after reading this DO NOT sell your car, move closer to a bus stop, or buy a year long bus pass!  I am one of the very lucky few who lives 2 minutes walk to a bus stop, has one connection that arrives 3 minutes after my first bus drops me off, and then gets dropped off directly in front of my work. I also travel through Scottsdale & Tempe, so my fellow commuters are mainly business/student types. And the bus is on average about 1/2 full. It's pretty perfect. BUT...when I tell other people I take the bus, their face squishes all up like they just sucked on a lemon and they just can't believe that I take the bus willingly. Here are the reasons that I am assuming 99% of the people I talk to have negative associations with the bus.-On the majority, the scheduling is HORRIBLE. Buses on major routes might run 15 minutes, but others only run ever 30 or even worse every hour. So if you have to make a connection, you might have a bit of a wait, which can make a trip to a destination 5 miles away an hour ordeal. That would suck-Buses only have capacity to store 2 bikes. Since bus stops are mainly only on major roads if you live in a big neighborhood, or in a less developed area, most would ride a bike to the bus stop. Well, if the bus pulls up and there are already 2 bikes in the bike rack, what are you suppose to do? Ditch your bike? yeah, I'm guessing that isn't an option, looks like you are waiting for the next bus & hoping it's bike rack isn't full...and I really hope this isn't one of the buses that only runs ever hour, and its the middle of July!  -Your bus route is a popular one. It's great for the environment when lots of people ride the bus, but not so great when you are stuck standing, squished between 6 people, you have no idea where everyone's hands are, AND, we all live in Arizona, not everyone is going to smell of roses.So for those reasons, I totally understand the lemon face, but not to rub it in, I haven't had that experience yet (knock on wood)
4	The only reason I'm not giving 5 is the misguided bus driver. After asking the driver if he dropped off at 'Pecos', not 1 but, 2 times, and he agreed both times, we wound up in Chanlder/Gilbert border NOT on Pecos. My mistake in thinking there was only 1 Pecos stop.  Newbie me had no idea. It was easier when our parents pinned our bus stop destination on our shirt when we were 6!Stranded, about 8 miles away from my park n'ride, I was advised to call their help number. So, I called Customer Service who transfered me to Wanda, the dispatcher. I've never talked with someone so nice, helpful and compassionate - THIS is how customer service is supposed to be...HP, Dell, are you listening?! She not only tried to find me other buses to link and other routes to my stop, but in the end, tracked down a site supervisor Bob, down the road, luckily he was on a run, and took me to where I needed to go. He was so nice and understanding, I didn't feel like a total doornob. Tell you what, I can't think of anywhere else where their customer service was actually helpful, and hope these guys at least get a bonus, stipend or something. They went out of their way when they didn't have to. Thank you and great job - wish more people modeled your service-oriented organization!
1	When you are new to Phoenix  metro area, you think people are car worshipers. When you take the bus more than 3 times for longer distances where you have to actually change line....you understand why in this ridiculously HUGE city you need a car. For a car ride of 15 minutes, calculate 1 hour or more. If you are lucky, no bus will run late, and if you are more lucky the bus will actually stop at its stop. Bring a book, and LOTS OF PATIENCE!!
3	In any BIG city public transit is a MUST.- the busses are ON TIME, so be on time or you are walking-people are always creepy, but then agian you are in a big city consider it free "freak show" haha jk but really it never dull when riding public transit. - the bus drivers are usually very friendly and nice - IT HAS A/C and in PHX that is a must!! BUT REALLY BE NORMAL TAKE THE BUS IT WON'T KILL YOU PEOPLE IN NYC ATCUALLY DO USE PUBLIC TRANSIT ITS CALLED A SUBWAY AND THEY ARE ALIVE AND WELL SO PUT YOUR PRIDE AWAY WEST COAST CAR LOVERS AND SAVE YOUR MONEY ON GAS (: change the world too! - it does the job it takes you from a-b.
4	I ride the bus to work in North Scottsdale from my home in central Mesa. I also ride the lightrail to my job at the airport. I allow myself plenty of time in the morning. (yes, this means I have to wake up at 5 to catch the bus to be in north Scottsdale by 8.) I don't really mind getting up early. I'm a bit of a morning person anyway. I like that I can just sit back and listen to my music and let someone else do the driving. I've got the bus stop times memorized so I know I'll never be waiting long (unless they are REALLY late). The light rail is nice and clean and quiet and soon will be expanding into downtown Mesa (hopefully will breathe new life into Mesa). I like the new system of NextRide. I can text as I'm walking to the bus stop to see if I have enough time to run into a gas station and grab a Monster and chug it before I get on the bus. Bravo, Valley Metro. I've seen a significant decrease in my gas bill and I try to take the bus/rail whenever I can. I just wish either of my jobs would give me a platinum pass!!!! I will probably ride the bus as much as I can. Except at night. I've only done it once and I did it alone. I won't be doing that again, just scary. Just pack some pepper spray or stun gun! My daughter rode the bus with me once and she had fun. I'm not above public transportation. Saving the earth one bus/rail trip at a time!
4	If you are a visitor to this city and don't have plans to leave the greater phoenix area consider the bus and rail system. Ended up using the system to get around for a grand total of  $3.50/day  which gave me unlimited rides for the whole day. A word of warning i met quite a few scammers one gig is the obama supporters give a story about needing some money for a unused full day ticket DON'T do it the ticket looks real but is a fake and they do have farecheckers that check randomly.
1	The bus system is an absolute joke! I am originally from Tucson and I thought Sun Tran was bad. Boy how wrong I was. I have always been an advocate for public transit and strongly support its use. However after using Valley Metro, I can see why everyone drives everywhere; its not a feasible means of transport. First of all the scheduling is terrible. Outside of peak hours it can be as regular as 30 to 40 minute intervals. Of course that is assuming the bus even comes! Especially on route 44, there might be several scheduled busses that simply do not show. I have regularly waited up to 50 minutes for the bus to show only to give up and call a cab or walk. In more than one instance walking proved the faster choice.During peak hours the buses are often crowed. Usually its not to bad as long as the ac is working. Pray that the AC doesn't go out; the smell in the busses becomes unbearable.The drivers are rude and not very helpful. First time users beware, the drivers expect you to be expert travlers of the bus system, asking questions about payment, routes, times, transfers, or other bus transport related issues is frowned upon by drivers.In summation: don't depend on the bus, it will probably be late if it even shows up. Valley Metro is really a slap in the face to public transportation everywhere.
2	Is it just me or did the bus service get WORSE after the drivers went on strike?  It's rare that I ever wait at a stop and have the bus arrive on time.  At a minimum it will be 5 minutes late.
1	What a HORRIBLE public transit system. The buses are not on time, if they even SHOW UP. Hands down the worst public transportation I've ever seen. You guys have got to shape up. People depend on your service and you need to realize that.
1	Bus 6242 @ 4:20pm Friday 2.1.2013 the female bus driver was extremely rude to three handicapped passengers, even making a terrible comment about ones weight !! I guess she thinks because the are riding public transit that it is ok to treat people like this and There will be no reprimand because she is  a union employee.  DISGUSTING display of a PUBLIC EMPLOYEE!! I think she needs to be reminded that the same passengers that she is so rude to PAY HER SALARY !!
5	To be honest I have only been on the Metro busses a couple of times and every time I've done it its been great. They were quick they kept the busses clean and they run off of bio-fuel!
3	The lightrail is my main form of transportation. I also ride the 19c (METS on Google Maps) a lot which is free. It makes my life much easier, and it really needs to run 24 hours. If they cut the security checks, they could afford it. The security guards are often rude and have harassed me for no reason. There are some nice ones that stick out too though. The buses are often late or early and seemingly not reliable. That being said, I usually enjoy the pleasant demeanor of the drivers. Go with the rail if you can.
1	Valley Metro:When you go on strike, do you know who you're fucking over?  Poor people who have no other way to get to work.  What are you striving for each time you strike?  Your drivers are consistently rude and nasty and your buses are always late.  Whenever a bus arrives on time, it's probably actually the bus that should have been arriving 20 minutes ago.  Since the last time, nothing in the way of service had improved.  Rather, it had gotten worse.Do you know how many times an Orbit in Tempe has almost run me over when I'm riding my bike?  When my girlfriend called to complain about it, the operator said something like, "Oh, him.  We know all about HIM!" Yet, he was allowed to work there and continue endangering the lives of how many people?  Ridiculous.Until you can get the buses to run on time and not treat customers like shit (seriously, the way you guys treat riders sometimes is ridiculous; my ass would get fired for that in a damn minute), please don't abandon the people who NEED and REQUIRE your service.  I understand working conditions suck, you have to drive crackheads and everything, but fuck.  You guys are the worst.  You're mean and you've left so many people high and dry again and again and again.
1	We have the worst public transportation system which is RIDICULOUS for a city this size. The drivers are constantly rude, buses are so unreliable, and you never know when this joke of a system is going to be on strike because the drivers want even more money than they earn. I wish I made what they do! I make $9.14 an hour and I have a bachelors degree! A few situations that have pissed me off over the years involving either unreliable buses or drivers being constantly rude: Recently, I witnessed a driver yelling at an older man with a broken leg utilizing a knee scooter because it took him awhile to board the bus from the front because she was rude and wouldn't let him use the ramp. He was taking too long for her tastes. When it was time to deboard and he asked to use the ramp, she still wouldn't let him and when I asked her why she told me she didn't know he wanted to. Which is BS because he asked when he wanted to get off the bus. She would only lower the bus but it was still hard on him. I missed a job interview a week ago because my first bus was 15 minutes late, and when it finally came and I got on, the joke of a bus driver was having a conversation with the man sitting behind him. When we finally got to the bus station, he says, "I know I'm late. hahahaha. At least I got you guys here." Well what good does it do when you already missed your connecting bus and you're going to be a half hour late to your interview?About a year ago, I was boarding a bus and I had my ASU pass that I tap. The fare box was displaying the whole "No smart card' message that takes a few minutes to go away. I was waiting it out and the driver started screaming at me. I calmly explained what was going on and he threatened to call police. I had my pass which showed it was valid, it was the PIECE OF SHIT farebox. So, if you have a car and thinking about using public transit to save gas and for the environment, just pay the money if you can. It's not worth it to deal with these jerk drivers and the 2 hour commute just to go 5 miles.
3	I'm not sure that Valley Metro Rail would be great for commuting on a daily basis because the way its designed, with the fact that it stops not just at every station, but also for every red light means that it takes about twice as long as driving, or even taking the bus to get to your destination.However, to get to sporting events or activities in Downtown Phoenix or Tempe, Valley Metro Rail is a great way to go. You get to ride on a nice clean train, when there's a special event you're always riding with other people going to the same place, and you avoid the hassle of searching for a parking spot and then paying $20-30 to use it.So if you're headed to Downtown Phoenix or Tempe, consider riding the rail. You'll enjoy it!
1	VALLEY METRO has to be the biggest PISS POOR public transportation system in the USA.  I decided to run some errands in phoenix today, and since I rode in from Chandler with my girlfriend, the Valley Metro Bus was my way of getting around.  I started at 3rd street & Thomas & wanted to go to 16th street and Northern.  This is a 20 minute ride in a car, just about 7 miles.  The round trip took over 3.5 hours.  This is one of the reasons that the "Valley of the Sun" will always be second to other large cities.  The leaders keep trying to get large companies/business to relocate here, so this place can rely on more than just "real-estate" & "tourism".  My understanding is that Phoenix & the metro area is the 5th largest city in the nation.  Yet we have a transit system that was made way back in the 60's & other than adding routes & extending current routes it hasn't grown with the population or the times.  The last time that I used the "METRO" to get from point A to point B was 2005.  Today March 14 2014, its NO BETTER!!!!To Keep a long story short & a pass on a bunch of bitching (that will never get to who it needs to get to anyway) I will just say that in short, this buss system is VERY DISAPOINTING!  To be honest, it just plain sucks!Valley Metro & (East Valley Metro Contractor) Veolia, get your act together & make a transit system that other cities would look to for their growth.  Be proud of a product that you offer to your customers.  Let me ask you the management & CEO's of the above mentioned companies.....would you rely on YOUR company to get YOU to work on TIME and on a daily basis?  Come 'on now.....be honest.
4	I took the free DASH today.  It was exactly what I expected but one should never complain when it's free.  The alternative was to sprint 9 blocks east in the 100+ scorching sun through skid row across a major intersection but today is not the day I want to die.  I hope my return trip is just as AC-comfortable and entertaining as the initial round of stop and Go.
1	Spending hundreds of millions of dollars on a light rail extension that nobody really needs. For those who don't know, their plan is to take it up to metrocenter which will be a complete disaster if they even try. Ontop of that, they're spending all that cash and buses are breaking down left and right.
1	Valley Metro should be given the award for the worst public transportation system in a major metropolitan area. One major complaint is that buses are constantly breaking down or over crowded and packed. It makes me feel like I'm taking the bus in a third world country sometimes. For the sixth largest city in the US you think the transit system would be better but guess again. Last bus at 10 pm, Really?
1	Scottsdale valley metro could possible be the worst form of public transportation I've ever taken, the bus drivers and extremely rude and not even that helpful half the time, plus the bus drives by my bus stop literally every single day and always misses me. I even had a driver tell me no one is usually there so he just keeps driving past. Yet I'm there everyday and he misses me causing me to have to wait for the next freaking bus. I'm so irritated I pay 64 dollars a month for this and I barely get to ride the bus cuz half the time I end up taking a cab from the bus stop! Definitely wouldn't ever recommend the bus, move closer to your job or find one walking distance from you.
1	The metro line is the worst I have seen of any major US cities in terms of availability and customer service.  It stops running at 11pm at the airport and only runs every 30 mins off peak hours.  Drivers never wait when they see you running towards the metro.  On the contrary, they grin and close the door right in front of you.
4	The transport vehicles of the 21st Century are a far cry from the busses used in the 70's, but dissapointingly, a soft one. I think the drivers were friendlier, too, but the world has become more narcisistical where people seem to be watching their back more then when I rode the bus as my main mode of transportation as a young pup on his own in the big city. Even the drivers are on guard.Why? I'm just trying to get a ride and learn the system of "no transfers"!Are you serious? ...2 dollars every time I step on a new bus is a bit much, but hey, if that's what you get, can ya be a little more patient with my inquiry on where I can purchase a $4 Day Pass? Geez!!Okay, I vented, but I must give credit to these underpaid talanted drivers that are way under appreciated for what they indure everyday. We can all show a little more courtesy and realize we ARE riding a city bus, and NOT our personal chauffeur service.
