5	Great place, great service
5	The staff here is great and price is really affordable.  You don't have to be a member or anything.  You can do single session and they always have half price for single session every Friday.  They have free session for customer appreciation day also.  The place is clean and their beds give you even tan not like others that I've experienced.
1	YOU HAVE TO CALL AHEAD TO MAKE SURE THE SPRAY TAN IS WORKING BEFORE YOU GO.  NO, REALLY.  And package rates are exactly the same as much better run, much cleaner, more posh places in Charlotte.It only works 50-60% of the time.  HATE to do this because the girls who work here are so friendly and helpful, but this place is just terrible.  Cheap, old, etc.  I've had a Mystic package for at least 4 months or so and there is just problem after problem after problem after problem after problem.  The Mystic tan was actually out for 3 of 4 weeks in February, but of course could they do loyal, monthly paying customers the courtesy of notifying us via email, text, phone, SOMETHING?  Of course not.  So, naturally - assuming even with the poorest of ownership that this is a mechanical issue that could be fixed in, I don't know, a week? - I went 3 more times over the next 3 weeks.  Why?  Because like I said, how in the world does it take almost a month to fix this machine?????    Honestly have never come across such poor ownership in probably ...ever?  Feels like I'm in a 3rd world/developing country trying to get a water line run under my hut or something.  Now it's April 1.  I have attempted to go 1 sometimes 2 xs weekly since the 1st week in March.  THE BOOTH HAS BEEN OUT 3 OF THESE TIMES.  AND NOW IT IS NOT WORKING AGAIN TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You may find this super hard to believe, but I don't at this point: I have NEVER been offered a refund for the month of February or a month's credit or anything - a gesture of good will any other proper business in good standing would make.  As many of you know, you have to plan ahead and prepare to get a spray tan, correct?  So for the owner, who either doesn't know, or frankly doesn't care and who I can only assume must think it's amusing in some way to do such poor business:1) You have to shower completely and exfoliate, shave everything, etc. no more than an hour before you get sprayed.  Meanig if you close at 6pm on Sunday, I stop everything at 4:30pm, jump in the shower proceed to scrub away for 30 minutes, then drive the 20 minutes to get there.  I don't do ths on a weekday.  Why not?  Becasue I have a real job where I work until 5-6pm and then head home.  I certainly don't take another long shower, jump in my car, go tan and come back.  Any professional would have a similar Sunday need.2) You have to plan your day so that this occurs in the evening because after being sprayed with green liquid (oh yeah, did I mention this comes out green and leaves you coated in a green liquid which takes 5 papertowels to blot off so that we can at least show our faces on our way through the parking lot to our cars?), you cannot go anywhere.  Maybe stop for gas, but you're not going anywhere covered in green stuff and smelling so terribly.In sum, it is a major pain to get a spray tan, so you either need:1) For the product to work properly EVERY time.  The occasional out happens to everyone, but this is beyond anything I've ever experienced with any product at any point in my life.  That it works is the exception at Toucan, not the rule.  Or2) Monthly customers MUST be notified somehow if there's going to be an extended out so people do not plan Sundays, waste gas, time, energy, etc. so consistently when trying to be a good customer.  This is the age of communication.  Get with it STAT.  You cannot get away with this kind of behavior much longer in this day and age.Terrible place.  DO NOT GO.
