2	So, on most weekends, I get stuck working late.  Real late.  Most of the time I need to eat before I get home.  That is when I rely on the 24 hour fast food joints.  As much as I try to avoid them, but with my situation, they do come into play.This McDonalds is no better or worse than any other as far as the food is concerned.  Crap.  At that late, I face the reaper and need to admit this and go into it willingly.  But this one is across the street from my house, easy to get to on my drive home.  Driving through at about 3 in the morning, and having to wait for 12 minutes for the car in front of me, here is the transcript of my ordering experience.drive thru - "Hello, what can I make for you?"Me - "Do you have the 20 piece mcnuggets for five dollars?"drive thru - "No sir."Me - "Oh, you have a huge promo poster I am looking at that says you do, in front of your store."drive thru - "No, sir, it is not 5 dollars, it is $4.99, not 5 dollars."Me - "Sure, that sounds good.  I'll have that."drive thru - "It is not 5 dollars, it is $4.99."Me - "Yeah, that is fine, I'll take one order of those."drive thru - "The price is different, you want to order them?"At this point, I have been up for over 21 hours, working 2 jobs for about 16 of those.  I'm doing my best not to lose my shit.Me - "Yes that is fine."drive thru - "Sauce?"Me - "Just ketchup."drive thru - "No sauce?"Me - "Ketchup is fine."drive thru - "Something to drink?"Me - "No thanks."drive thru - "No drink?"Me - "No thanks."drive thru - "Fries?"I don't answer, I drive to the window.I get my food and drive home.  For 20 nuggets, there are 4 packets of ketchup.  No napkins.  The roommate, who we will call "Joe," is still up.  I eat 10 nuggets and am done.  I give the rest to said roommate.Apparently, the second box of nuggets have been sitting out longer than the first box, and he spits one out on the floor after taking a bite.  My dog happily eats the remains.I'm making sandwiches when I get home from now on.
2	Security guard has something against teenage skaters. The majority of whom were Latino and she told them at the top of her lungs "go to Taco Bell if you want" while pushing them out the door. She let everyone know exactly what she thought of them too. Shouting, instead of talking to customers or other staff "you know skaters" hardy har har. I know they probably did bug her at some point, but my God they are kids, they bug everyone, you just get on with it?She was unprofessional and let everyone know it, and not to mention racist with a remark like "go to Taco Bell if you want" to a bunch of Latino teenagers. I know MacDonald's isn't an "outstanding" place to eat. But shut up and let me get on with it without listening to you shout at a bunch of bored teenagers. The food is what it is lol
2	This is a pretty sucky McDonald's.  It was nice to have a McDonald's so close to where I live, but in the time I have been living here, I have experienced at this place:--LOOOOONG drive-thru lines that can take 20 minutes or more.--egg shell pieces in the McMuffins--double charges on my debit cardThe food actually tastes just a bit better than other McDs I've been to, but the issues listed often make it not really worth it.  If it takes you 20 freaking minutes to get your food, it ain't fast--kind of defeats the purpose.  This place is just a facepalm overall and I really can't recommend it.  Maybe you'll be lucky--we haven't been.
2	Ok, here we go again.  You wash your hands, but they only have those stupid air blowers that take forever to try & dry them, so you go for ass gaskets instead.  There is a dispenser but it's empty, so you spend a while back at the air blower.  Then you go (with your still damp hands) for toilet paper to open the door with, because it has a latch & you'd like to leave the bathroom with you hands cleaner than when you entered!  So far we're at 1 Star     :-OThe service & food were ok, but I won't return to this McDonalds.McRib Combo $4.89, Ice Cream Cone $.79
1	I guess we don't f***ing learn.My wife went here this morning to take advantage of their 2 sausage biscuit with egg McMuffin deal for $3.33.  She ordered 2 of them for $6.66 and it turned out to be a devil's deal.  They charged her for 4 McMuffins and gave her only TWO.  This isn't the first time I've been shorted a McMuffin here, but it is the first time I came TWO SHORT and I'm getting pretty cheesed off.They always give replacements when you go back and speak to the manager, but how about not having this garbage happen in the first place?Down to one star.
1	Cheap!  Cheap!  Beware!  If you order Chicken McNuggets from this McDonald's they will charge you 10 cents for each sauce packet over the alloted quantity.  Either go to another McDonald's where they don't charge, go to another restaurant that values your business and NOT nickel and dime you to death or don't eat!
5	I got the mocha chocolate chip frape mmmm sooooo good made my day un till i got stuck in the play house lol just kidding
3	I am so thankful there is 24 hr places around town in case you want something at your convienence!
4	This is a good McDonald's in the Tempe area.  They have good customer service and never have gotten my order wrong.  This is a place that usually busy with families (in Playland) and small crowds.  There is a highschool nearby, so i would be careful not to go during thier lunch hour if you dont want to run into crowds.  The only drawback I think is having to have a code to go into the bathroom :P.  I seen the code before on the reciept you would get at the register, but I dont see that anymore.
2	Correction - wrong location. I was looking for the location at Elliot and McClintock and reviewed this one. Music is still too loud but I am over 60 and I know every song. Somehow complaining about the food quality at a McDonalds seems disingenuous. It is consistent and filling but not expected to be great cuisine. My issue with this location is the rebuild that now caters to a target market that clearly does not include me anymore. All hard uninviting surfaces and loud music. When I asked if they could just turn the music down the manager said he did not know how???  When you build a place that serves cheap food, has loud music and looks like it was designed by  a skate park builder you should not be surprised when you get skaters and teenagers  to come in.Staff always seems to be accommodating if not well informed.
3	Good place to go for cheap food, great location, especially in the Tempe area.  Fast and friendly service.
1	If I could give 1/2 star, I would.  Service stinks and they get the order wrong in the drive-through 75% of the time.  When you drive back to get the correct items, they act rudely and put out.  I drive out of my way to go to a different one now.
