1	First time here and This place spells my name wrong, c'mon it has 5 letters total (I actually don't care about this but worth pointing out)Then I wait 30 min for a preliminary vision check (routing tests) then get sent back to the waiting room to wait for the doctor and then another 40 min passes. this place has 4 receptionists and 1 doctor and is horribly inefficient.
1	I'd been going to Dr Rubeis for many years despite having moved outside of Ahwatukee. All my experiences have thus far been satisfactory. This year was a little different. I had an eye exam in September in which I was trying to use my vision benefit(s) before the end of the year. There was a mishap with my contacts where they were not ordered because I missed my contact lens consult. Ok, I get that, sure. I called to ask about my contact order and some rude guy named "Blake" answered the phone. I asked about my contacts among many other questions and for every question I asked him, he either muted the line or put me on hold. He is far from knowledgable and definitely not phone-service oriented. After much back and forth, I just wanted an appt so I scheduled it. After doing so, I asked about getting my records to go elsewhere and he said I needed to submit a "release form" even to get a copy of my own prescription. This is something I never had to do before. After my appt was made, I was contacted later in the evening by a female worker to confirm my appt the following day. When I started voicing my concerns about this "Blake" guy and that I wanted to cancel my appt, she told me to hold a second and what did she do? She brought him back on the line. He immediately started saying something about my release form (not confirming it was received) and then went on to say my prescription which I had got for glasses, was no longer valid and I couldn't have a copy of it. Not wanting to argue with his ignorant self, I simply said- "you don't hear to re-explain anything. That's nonsense my prescription is now invalid, and reiterated I wanted my appt cancelled". He was careless in his responses And his personality/work behavior has forever steered me away from Dr Rubeis' office. I recommend this place for the effectiveness of the exams I was given and the attention to detail that Dr Rubeis provides but as far as front office etiquette, their care, or even their SERVICE, I now give his office TWO THUMBS DOWN.
5	I wish I had more stars to give. Staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Examination was thurough and well explained. Even after moving to Mesa my family and I still make the drive to have our eye work here.
1	Called for an appointment and to make sure that they received my vision insurance plan as the plan website recommend this place. A totally rude lady picks the phone and after I ask about the plan and is obvious that my question is making her life difficult,  she puts me on hold for about 3 minutes comes back tell me that they don't take the insurance. When I explained that their website recommends them puts me on hold again for 5 minutes and again picks the phone ask me if I want to make an appointing without an insurance completely rude and without any concern of customer care. I told her that I was just going to check with my plan  and she hung up the phone on me. There are so many other stores like this in the area but was the closes home but in definitely going somewhere else.
