4	I have always like this place and now this location is finally open.  It opened a week ago and I still love the food!  While the combo plates might be priced a little high for some people, I think it is worth the quality and the quantity of the food.  I had the filet and lamb kabob combo with rice and greek salad.  My GF had the chicken kabob and filet combo with "all salad" as her side.  These combos are $13.99 each, but I think worth the price.  If you like this type of food, I think you will like this place.
5	Love this place! Great food! So glad they are so much closer, use to drive to phoenix. It's also heathly can't beat it!
5	I live close to this location, and was glad to see a restaurant that serves my favorite  food, open. I was surprised at the selection of vegetarian, chicken and beef dishes on the menu. I've eaten there 7 or 8 times, and enjoyed every meal that I've had. I had a chicken entree for lunch today and loved every bite. I even like the yoghurt soda, which reminds me of the buttermilk that I enjoyed growing up. I like the staff, those I have met are really great. I will continue to eat here a couple of times a week, and tell others about this great restaurant.
1	My husband and I were working out next door and decided to try ZK Grill. He got done before I did so he went to order food. He  told me he didn't know if the hostess was trying to get a tip or hit on him. She told him, you have pretty eyes. He was taken aback by it and said something like thanks my wife seems to think so too. She proceeded to say oh your married, how long?  First off, don't appreciate her hitting on my husband. Her job is to take the order and collect the money. Second off, food was just mediocre. We had been told by friends from the gym that it was weird in there and now it's been confirmed.
5	Fantastic food. The Sharma wrap was amazing.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.
4	The food was absolutely fabulous! I had the chicken entree. It's just slightly priced over what I really would want to pay for the size of a dish but the chicken was extremely flavorful and juicy so that makes it completely worth it. I really enjoyed the yogurt cucumber dip but I can see how someone might not. It's pretty heavy on the dill so if you don't like that favor stay away from it. The restaurant is set up a little odd. Apparently, it is table service but reads much more like counter service at a fast food place. Mainly, because there is a menu billboard above the counter which is in the center of the restaurant instead of the entrance. The cashier/waitress who was there when I stopped by definitely tries super hard to "sweet" talk customers for tips. It can be a bit much. Personally, I prefer a much more sincere and tailored to each customer approach for tips instead nice, repetitive, robot but whatever works.  There isn't much atmosphere to the restaurant so I'll definitely be back but for take out and not dine in in the future.
1	Subpar greeting and service first time they're terrible first impression we attempted to order 3 different items on the menu each time being told that they were out of that item basically leaving us with ground beef and chicken which i could go to any restaurant and gekeep in mind this was only 6pm on a Friday.  I came here because I wanted quality Mediterranean food which they could not provide I keep my business in Gilbert AZ that is my community and like to support local small business this place will not be getting any of my business nor recommendations we did happen to go 1 mile away and find a wonderful place called flaming kabob with the most incredible service and even better food I HIGHLY do not recommend going here as it is a complete waste of time
