5	The Wok In is a standard sit-down, waiter-style Chinese restaurant and it was great.  The people were super friendly and helpful, the menu was simple and all the entrees were $5, and most importantly; it was really good food.  Their sweet and sour sauce was just right and the orange chicken had that fresh orange zest that's missing from most takeout or fast-food Chinese places you go.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Super-duper good!At this time (Jan 2011) it seems like they're still just getting off the ground with the restaurant.  They just converted the building from the "Feed Bag" restaurant, which nobody ever went to.  The decor could use a little more work to feel really Chineezy.  They still need to develop their menu a little bit too.  They've got some good sides and entrees but not a lot of appetizers and no desserts.  I liked the food so much I was disappointed to hear they had no dessert menu.We went on a Friday night and took our five kids with us.  The staff was super helpful and the other diners were friendly and accepting.  I guess what I'm trying to get at is this is not an "upscale" place.  It's a family place in an unfashionable part of town, so it's perfect for the location.  If you're just looking for some really good food and great service at a cheap price, try it out.Grant
4	For $5 per entree with white rice, it's hard to beat Wok In.  We had the Kung Pao and Mongolian Beef.  Both were flavorful, packed with meat and vegetables and were just the right size.  We ordered one entree with fried rice and found it mildly mushy and bland--stick with the white rice.  The service was reasonable considering how crowded it was at 5 pm on a Friday night.
4	Great restaurant, especially for the area.  some of the best Asian food i have ever had.  The thai rice noodles were thin and tender.  The lo mein noodles were also fantastic.  Oh, and the crab puffs were DELISH!  Not the fried cream cheese that other places try and pass off.  The decor was kind of plain, but it was clean and tasteful.  The speed of was decent, especially considering that they were pretty busy on a Wednesday night.  I could ask for more polite staff though.  We'll definately go back soon.
5	WOW! This place is really good! The menu looks like Pei Wei, except the dishes are half the price.  I had the orange chicken & steamed rice.  All white breast meat with just the right amount of sauce.  I'm used to orange chicken being a spicy dish.  It's not here, but the flavor is really good.  I'm sure you could request it spicy if you wish.  Some might thing the portions are a little on the small side, but considering each dish is only $4.99, order a couple of different dishes and share.  The dining room is nicely decorated and very clean.  I was greeted before I had taken 2 steps inside the door by a very friendly young lady, who promptly took my order.  My meal was ready to go in 5 or 6 minutes.  I drove 10 minutes to my home, and my food was still hot and delicious.  Can't wait to take my finicky wife for a sit down lunch and try the hot & spicy soup and some crab angels.  Wok In is definitely a wonderful addition to the NE Mesa dining scene.  They are open daily from 11am to 9pm.
5	Fairly new place. It has been opened for couple of months now. The place looks pretty clean. Food is very affordable. Sizes a reasonable and filling. I have only been there two times and so far every item we have selected from the menu has been an A+. I recommend the Curry chicken, Spicy Thai Basil Noodles, Pad Thai and Orange Chicken with Brown rice (soft, tangy and flavorful). They also have Thai Iced Tea (refreshing earthy-herbal flavor tea with milk). Today I had the Crab Angels as an appetizer...probably not worth the price. Go and try this restaurant and let me know what you think!!!
4	This place used to be known as the Feedbag a few years back but now has been turned into a local chinese food spot. When you first walk in you are greeted by a very nice person (big points) and offered a table. The place is decorated simply yet is very clean and open. In fact you can see into the kitchen through the large service window. The food selection is very simple yet really well done. Most people who like chinese or just want a change from the all you can eat buffet will enjoy eating here as the food is affordable (each dish under $5) and very well prepared. After going over the menu I decided to try the chicken teriyaki over steamed white rice. Note: there is an extra charge for brown rice. It also came with a side of steamed broccoli which was good but a little to crunchy. The chicken was cooked perfectly with the sauce adding that nice bit of sweet flavor you expect. Not overpowering, it also added nice flavor to the rice.The place has not been up and running for long but I can see myself visiting them again soon. If you are in the area stop in and check them out.
4	Like what they say the place is really clean and the waiters are friendly and courteous. I finally found my cravings for Vietnamese egg rolls called Goi Cuon. My wife commented, "I like eating new kinds of food with you!" I am glad she like it. We also enjoyed the crab angels. Reasonable price for main dish $4.99. The servings are just right and enough.
5	My husband and I have visited Wok In four times now, and can't wait to go back again and again. Excellent service, their wait staff has always been very attentive to our table and our needs. Fast service! Delicious food: their crab angels, pot stickers, and egg rolls are delicious. Soup is very tasty. Their main menu items are priced $4.99-$6.99, are flavorful, and nice sized portions. Their Thai Iced Teas and Coffees are very very good too! The best Asian food in East Mesa, hands down. The decor is simple, which I can appreciate, and our last visit had fresh flowers on almost every table, which I loved. My husband and I also love the ambient classical music playing in the background. It is a very nice experience going to Wok In! We are always impressed with each visit.
5	Wok In is one of those unassuming places that doesn't look like much from the street. I was very pleasantly surprised to discover how delicious it is!The restaurant is very nice and clean. It has been fairly empty when we have gone, but I've just been there at odd hours. The food is very cheap, most items under $6, for a lot of very good flavorful food.My absolute favorite item on the menu are their potstickers. They absolutely melt in your mouth, and are so delicious. I have liked pretty much everything on the menu so far. It is great to experiment here.
4	Service: 5 starFood: 1 Star (redeemed by their Vietnamese fare else negative)Mom and Pop store: CheckPrice: Cheap= 4 starI would have given this  a 2 star at most if it wasn't for the service. Their Chinese Kung pao was dreadful (sweet and tough chicken). I should have stuck with the Vietnamese spread (but had pre-ordered from their online menu). The service was really good and the place was really clean and almost "American" diner looking.
4	Clean, fast & attentive service.  Food is cheap and flavorful.  Order a few things to share cuz you won't have worry about an outrageous bill.  Spicy beef satay soup was very good and the lo mein was everything could have hoped for: A nice mix of vegetables done just right, noodles that weren't  soggy, and a very tasty sauce.
4	Great service, good food, at the best price!  :)   I've been to this restaurant several times and can recommend the following items:Basil fried rice: flavorful and delicious, different from the generic fried rice at other restaurantsSalmon: seared so that it has that crispy glazed edge.  one of my favorite items.  Might ask for sauce on the side though because they give a lot.Crab angels: always delicious, crispy, and warm!Overall, the restaurant is a bit far from the phoenix area, but it is well worth the drive.  There is a lot of seating, which makes it a great place for parties!  Friendly staff is always a plus as well.
4	As the others have stated, this place is great!!! The ingredients are fresh, the portions large, and the prices reasonable. The next time I order the Pad Thai I'll request it be made a bit less sweet and have them add some chili sauce for some "bite" as I'm used to having it less sweet and a bit spicy. Every order is cooked-up fresh so special requests aren't a problem.
3	It may not look like much, but the food was surprisingly good for a mom and pop looking place. The vegetarian pad tai was done quite well, with just a little bit of sweetness to the sauce and well cooked rice noodles. The veggie egg rolls were also well worth a try. Everything was served piping hot and fresh.
3	The reason to come here is the price.  Entrees are priced between $5 and $9 and the portions are generous.  Jasmine tea is $0.75.  Appetizers are $4.  The food came out hot and super fast.  The waitstaff was attentive and polite, and the restaurant itself feels clean.  Parking is plentiful.BUT.....the taste was very mediocre.  Our party of 5 sampled different dishes and no one was amazed.  The pad-thai was a little vinegary and the orange chicken was unremarkable.  The eggrolls were good.   Despite the average quality of the eats, I might still go back just because can't beat the price (especially for dinner).
5	$=good deal:)=full tummyThis is the first time I have been to Wok In, the staff is very friendly and helpful and the restaurant is clean.  If you are a patron of those Express Chinese places (you know the one with the panda)...you will be impressed with this place, because 1...it is a sit down restaurant and 2... the food is better than theirs.  The orange chicken is wonderful, lightly battered and deep fried with a flavorful sauce...hot, steamy and delicious...not hard with a ton of batter and over done.  The chicken pieces were of a nice size and the portion...lets say this I had to bring half of it home.  The Thai Iced tea is wonderful and I was impressed with the value for the money.  I will make this my NEW place to get good Asian Fusion at a great price.
3	I was surprised when I walked in here, it was clean looking.  Tried a late lunch before heading out of town. I read so much about the pot stickers that I had to try them.  They were $4.99 for 8 pieces. (thumbs up).  They were actually good. I was in the mood for noodles so I had the chicken Lo Mein and my other half had the orange chicken and a diet soda.  Oh yea have the Thai Ice tea (its awesome).  The orange chicken was good it was crunchy and the breading was thin so you can tell that you were eating chicken.  Now my Lo mein was ok, not much flavor and it seem like they use spaghetti noodles... as we were waiting I saw that other tables were ordering their pot stickers so its popular there. The service is really good. Most of the menu items are priced at $4.99 which lets you experiment and try dishes because its not gonna cost you an arm or leg.
4	Really good. Eat here so it stays open.
4	Good food good prices and very clean.  The ingredients all seem to be fresh and prepared well. The staff is friendly and polite.  I've been there on several occasions and have always left happy.  My son is the Pho king and he tells me their Pho is great..  Only problem I could see was the Thai coffee was expensive and the glass was only 3/4 of the way fille up.
4	Fast, fresh, friendly service, and seriously...... you can't beat the prices with a stick!  So awesome.
4	Great service from the minute we walked in the door. Food was pretty good and we'll be back if we happen to be in the area and want Asian food.
4	I went to this place when it was still Feedbag and then turned into Wok In. I'm generous with the ratings, because the price is very good, the staff is friendly and attentive, and they have the best Vietnamese fresh spring roll. Just love it!! That, and also spicy long beans with shrimp (and/or tofu).
5	Oh my gosh! I was so sick after I left this place, but it had nothing to do with bad food...I can't believe how fast they got our food out, piping hot, and for an awesome price. $5 for lunch? Yes, please. I ate way too much.
2	It's the ghetto version of pei Wei.  It's really cheap but nothing to be excited .I had higher expectation because the owner  also ones Saigon in chandler.  I wish the food is more authentic like Saigon.
5	Only Chinese food worth having in the central AZ area! Definitely try the basil fried rice- life changing!
5	First time eating here after driving past this place all the time. Don't judge a book by its cover by looking at the outside and its location.  I ordered the egg drop soup, their hot tea, and the steamed vegetables with shrimp and a side of peanut sauce.  Their egg drop was the best I've had in a while, and was surprised to see tofu in it.  The tea was brewed to perfection.  The steamed veggies with shrimp and the peanut sauce on the side was soo good.  Definitely coming here again since I'm usually picky about Asian food, but this place won me over. Five stars!
4	I was craving fried rice and lo mein but I didn't want to go to Panda Express. So I decided to try this place out because of the good reviews, plus it's only 3 miles away from my house. I didn't dine in, I called them and ordered for pick up. I got the basil fried rice with tofu, lo mein noodles with tofu and the steamed veggies with tofu (I absolutely love tofu!!!!) the steamed veggies also come with white rice and a brown sauce. I thought all of the food I got was going to be side dishes since everything was only 4.99 but nope, I literally got 3 big entrees. You get a lot of food for what you pay for. The lo mein was delicious and the veggie plate with steamed rice and brown sauce was mouth watering. The basil fried rice was a little funky because of the basil haha it's really good but then you get hit with an intense after taste of basil. I can handle it but people who absolutely cannot stand basil should skip it or ask if they can get the rice without the basil. I just threw some soi sauce on it and it was yummy. I only gave this place 4 stars because I don't know how their dine in experience works but next time I will definitely go here to eat instead of calling in. I also will try some of their entrees with meat in it to see how it taste. So all in all, the food was great and the price was even better. You gotta try this place!
4	So today I decided to try a place I have passed by many times. The reviews seemed good and I wanted to try it for myself. Once I walked in I was "greeted and seated" and a drink order was placed. I was happy with the quickness of service. I noticed that almost everything on the menu was $4.99. What a great concept. I picked the veggie eggrolls to start with and I thought they were pretty dang good for $2.99 for 4. I ordered the spicy sate soup beef and it was good as well. I would recommend trying this place because for the money it's worth it!
4	I love this place and live nearby so I go a lot! It's a great place of you want good cheap food. I thought it was too good to be true when everything on the menu was about $5 but the Thai iced tea, potstickers, basil rice, and orange chicken are delicious. Gave it only four starts because not everything is delicious... Good... Just not delicious, but for $5 not bad. Our favorite thing to do is buy the party size potstickers... 40 for $25.
2	Price is right, but you get what you pay for.
4	First time here and was very pleasantly surprised. Lo mein & shrimp pad Thai were delicious. Not overly saucy, salty, or greasy like some Chinese can be. Very fresh ingredients. Friendly & fast service & prices are great!
4	Love this place! Th efood is cheap and VERY Yummy. Reminds me of PF changs but half the cost.
3	Not too bad for local Chinese food near AJ. Will satisfy your basic craving. Don't expect anything exotic. The orange chicken was too orange tasting, i have to admit Panda Express is better on this dish.The other dish i tried was Pad Thai, it was ok too. Good enough for a short drive from AJ, but ive had better near Gilbert Road and 60.. Clean restaurant, free fortune cookie in a basket for your taking and toothpicks.
5	Our family has been coming here for almost two years now and we have yet to have a bad experience. We are always welcomed with a warm greeting and polite service which really adds to the Asian atmosphere. The family that runs the place are very humble and genuinely care about your experience. Almost all the entrees are priced at 5 bucks, and you can't really beat it for what you get. The food is consistently good and portions sufficiently large. We will continue to make this place a usually stop! Ps. Sweet and Sour chicken is a favorite.
5	Cheap good meal. The portions are a good size and taste great. The restaurant is kept clean. This was a good find
4	I really appreciate this place. That atmosphere is calm and casual. It's no typical Asian dine in place. They have a mix of Chinese,Vietnamese and all other varieties of Asian cuisine. It's not fancy but i you're looking for a Asian place that's not Panda Express then go here. The prices are reasonable and the food is yummy. The ca gio (viet crispy egg rolls) is my fave along with Padthai and pho!! Every time I visit my parents I always stop by here to eat. The workers and owners here are very sweet,friendly and polite. I hope they plan on doing a second wok in in the west valley,because this place isn't a disappointment.
4	Yummy food for cheap! We got pad Thai which was good. Nothing mind blowing but you can't beat it for the price and you get a good size serving. Next time id ask them to spice it up a bit.
2	With all the Five star reviews I expected way way better...I have to believe most of those reviewers have a crack habit.Yes it's cheap but its also cheap.  The old slogan "You get what you pay for" applies heavily here.Was it gross and disgusting. No.  Was it flavorful and delicious, No.The only thing redeeming was the Pho Broth.The Lo Mein was like spaghetti with some veggies and sad looking shrimp in it.The Fried Rice looked and tasted awful.Lose the Fusion and make a decision.
5	I've never had a bad experience at the Wok In. Having lived for eighteen years in Asia, I've learned to appreciate their food, and having compared Wok In with other Asian restaurants in East Mesa, the Wok In wins every time. It may be cheap, but the food, service and friendly staff are first rate
4	Teaching my fiance how to say pho correctly without giggling. His first time eating Vietnamese food. For real? We have eaten there twice in the past week.I so enjoy a good spring roll. I am a spring roll critic.  Their spring rolls are good. However, somebody needs to teach them how to make peanut sauce. The crab angels are delicious!Place is clean. Staff is friendly. Noise level is normal or maybe too quiet.  You can too easily hear conversations.  Young women in the booth next to us chatting away saying; "like" this , like that, like like like like like every other word. Must be some kind of infliction that makes one sound unintelligent. Food is good. Service is quick. Place is clean. Drinking water is not that good. Though not as bad as fish tank drinking water syndrome.
4	For $5 an entree this place can't be beat. Good food, friendly and fast service. I had the spicy Thai noodles and they're just as good as anything you'd pay for at another competing restaurant. Great place for a cheap, friendly, low pressure meal of good quality
4	I was impressed here on my first visit, and I will definitely add this spot to my rotation of restaurants.  The prices are really good, based on what I got (Chicken Pho) and taking a peek at other plates that servers were bringing by my booth on their way to other tables.  It was fairly busy for noon on a Saturday, during a holiday weekend in East Mesa.  That's also a good sign. Place was clean, and service was friendly.
1	Horrible food!!!! Went with two other people, we each only ate one bite and pushed our plates aside. Will not be returning.
3	Food is ok, nothing to write home about.  Prices for what you get are bit steep. For example, 4.99 lunch gets you an entire with rice only, no sides. However, if you head down the road 5 minutes away, j&m chinese food for $5 will get you an entre, rice, crab puff, salad and soup!For the money,  I just can't recommend wok in when their competition down the road gives do much more At Equal Or Better quality.
4	The only reason this place loses a star is their 'crab angels', which are mostly wrapper with very little cream cheese/crab mix in the middle.The rest of the food, however, is really good.  Never had a bad meal, and we've been through quite a few dishes--my favorite so far is the curry chicken.  I'm nuts for Indian curry, and tried their curry on a whim.  It was delicious!  It's cheap, always fresh and piping hot, and the people are friendly.  And now that I live nearby again, this will be my go-to for "Chinese" (really the food is more Vietnamese) take out.
5	We got here two friends after we saw the reviews on yelp and it was just great.Service was super fast and friendly Food was in the table after maybe 3 minuths And the price was unbeatable $10.78 for two people, wowI would recommend them to everybody Thank you
4	Great food have been here several times now and always hot and consistent.   Great choices and very reasonable price....
5	If you are looking for a PF Chang's experience then this is not for you. If you want clean, quiet, friendly atmosphere and good food for less than you'll spend at fast food then you'll love this place.
5	This hidden gem is great. The Beef Pho is excellent! Also the Chicken Teriyaki is awesome, and they don't skimp on the portions. Give it a try if you can.
5	Was leery of coming in as the name does not give warm fuzzies, but was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness, service, and freshness of their food. One of the best Phad Thai I have found in the Phoenix metro area! Nice prices and nice portions make this a must try place to eat!
2	My husband & son tried this place last night & we were not impressed. Yes the service was friendly & fast, the food however wasn't the best. The price is right for the mediocre food we received, it's cheap and fast. However, I'd rather pay more and get food that I'd actually like to eat. If you don't want to spend a ton of money to get your Chinese food fix then this is the place for you. But if you actually want to enjoy your food go some place else.
4	Good food.  Fast service.  They used to have coupons on their take-out menus but they stopped doing that. :(
2	Place wasn't bad, food wasn't bad, just seemed overpriced. Parking in this complex where it's located can also be maddening. Overall, I don't think I'll return to this place.
