4	This is the 2nd time I took my son for his trim & he had the same gal, Liz who does a great job.  Not only that but she put my (shy) teen at ease both times which greatly impressed me.  As we were paying she even said that it was 11 wks ago that we were last here which was correct since he had grown quite shaggy with a lil pony tail!
5	If your ever in town in Las Vegas and need a great hair cut just ask for Edwin he will hook it up for you!!!!
4	This might be one of the best Great Clips I've been to. Being able to check in online is very nice. As a guy, I appreciate their ability to get you in and out quickly with good results!
3	Been here a few times, most of the time the staff are very friendly and helpful. The only time i had an issue was i checked in online through iphone app, but the place just closed when i got there and the lady in there was not very helpful (guess she wanted to go home a lot more than helping me).  I told her i checked in from the app but all she said was " too bad , come back tomorrow ".  That was the only time I had any issues with this place.
1	If your appearance is important to you, your making a big change in your hair style, or have the money to go to a salon; do NOT come here! Don't talk yourself into "giving it a chance" or saving some money!! It's not worth it! You'll end up close to tears like I am now. I came in with my bf who was getting a trim.  And decided I didn't want to wait to go get my cut, even though I wanted bangs and didn't trust the people here. So I start to talk to the lady about my ideas thinking were having a consultation and she agrees to all of my ideas and in the end we don't decide on anything. She starts the trim and says we'll make up our minds about the bangs later. So after she cuts off all the dead (three inches) and I'm MISERABLE about the length of my hair I decide to go with the bangs even though she still isn't very confident or willing to say her opinion. THE END RESULT?! a very blunt bang right under my eyebrows across my whole face with very little to no blending. I could have set a bowl on my head an done this to my own damn self. I paid 15 dollars, gave a three dollar tip which was still to generous, for some low self esteem and a generic hair cut. Lesson learned :(
4	My daughter has been donating her hair every 2 years. It's that time again. The hair dresser Holly was really nice, friendly & helpful  and cut my daughter's hair really nicely. If you donate hair, cuts here are free. I did buy Biolage shampoo conditioner  and gave Holly a tip. Overall, good place for a kids' haircut.
