5	A weekly gathering of Charlotte's finest food on wheels in Historic South End? Hell yes. Every Friday, at the corner of Camden and Park Ave, you'll find 10, or so, of Crown Town's local food trucks doling out the best street food our fair city has to offer. You're most likely to find the likes of:Turkey And...Papi QuesoTin KitchenCupcake DeliriumSouthern Cake QueenHerban LegendAuto BurgerSticks and Conesand plenty others join the ranks on the regular. Parking is a disaster. Plain and simple. You're better off finding a parking space somewhere off of South, a nearby garage, or even going further down Camden or finding a space at Atherton. If the weather's nice, make a nice of walk of it. I'd recommend bringing some easy-to-carry chairs, a blanket, and a cooler of beers/water. Some of the trucks sell drinks (Papi Queso usually has a nice assortment) but some tend to not carry any. Common Market is an easy choice for a beverage, but get ready to stand in a long line if it's a busy FFF. I agree with Jeff S -- Check it out sometime!
4	What's more fun than a food truck?  Answer: Multiple food trucks.  What use to be solely for the use of construction sites.  Nowadays food trucks cater to the more demanding crowd.I've been to FTF a couple times and a few things you should know.  First off, if the weather is good, you better get there early.  Seating is limited to picnic wooden tables or you can find a blanket space maybe in the adjoining grassy areas.  Secondly parking is tough.  I always try to park in the Common Market area but that's a gamble honestly.  Again, get there early if you can.The environment is fun and one of the times I was there they had an Elvis impersonator that was fantastic!
4	Very good i will be back for more. Very busy  place and goodies ...
5	The food truck revolution has been sweeping the country. Food trucks are no longer the working man's roach coach that they were once thought to be. Food Truck Friday is a great place to check out a sampling of Charlotte's food truck scene. These trucks are dishing out eats that range from high-class fare to down-home delish. There is something for everyone! Come early to avoid the parking woes and crowds. The lines get unbearably long after 6:30pm... Sometimes 60-90 minutes long! Many trucks accept credit (thanks, Square!) but bring cash to be on the safe side. Check out the weekly line up on their Facebook page.
5	I love Food Truck Fridays!!! Food Truck Friday captures the essence of the summer and has captured my heart. Where else can you find so much variety, creativity, local deliciousness, along with an Asian Elvis singing Christmas songs?  That's right, only at South end. Parking is rough, so give yourself some time to find a spot and walk over. Also, I have seen many people bring bottles of wine, 6 packs of beer, and a blanket or chair and hang out all evening. Sounds like the perfect evening, right? Get there early, because the specials will sell out like hotcakes, and you don't want to miss out. As things slow down at food truck Friday, take a stroll next door and continue to enjoy the beautiful summer nights that are slowly start to fall upon us, and hang out on the patio at the Common Market. Meet some new people and expand your taste buds horizons.  See you at the next FTF :)
4	Dude... Food trucks, I love them so.  I can't even express the joy at the realization that Food Truck Friday exists... So many quality "restaurants" to experience in a small space... You can pick a smattering from a number of places and create your own little slice of heaven... I am still a little partial to the fish tacos from the Roaming Fork, but there's a nice rotation of vittles from many of the popular trucks in the area... They even have a couple dessert options as well, which is right up my alley... There's only a few tables with benches connected, so bringing your own chair would not be a bad idea... Make sure to get there early if it's a nice night out because parking is a bear...
5	If you are looking to experience a bit of Charlotte, you'll want to make a stop at Food Truck Friday in South End. It's great fun to see the community come out to support local gourmet chefs...it gets crowded! I've frequented the place ever since they began and my goodness how it has grown! The chefs were tenacious and dedicated and it has paid off. Starting out with only a handful of die hard fans to now topping over 1000 entrees served per FTF, I'd say this is a hit!Even when the line stretches from one end of the parking lot to the other, the wait is worth it. Each truck has a friendly way of serving up some of its best munchies. Typically the wait is 10 minutes, which is not too shabby. Many trucks take credit cards using the Square card reader. Bring cash or credit, no worries. Bring a picnic blanket, chairs, your pup and be ready to mingle, people watch, and dine on some tasty edibles.
4	What an awesome event! The name of the game is get there EARLY. If you're not a fan of waiting you may want to focus on the 5:30-6 time slot and make sure you stop over at Common Market to pick up some beer or wine first. You'll want to make sure you bring your picnic gear, something to open drinks with, and of course you bug spray if you plan on staying awhile. I saw kiddies and well-behaved dogs alike, so they are welcome.I was a tad disappointed  with my meal (went to Herban Legend) but I can't fault the event itself as I was told they have new/different trucks on a regular basis. It would be awesome if they could get some local music and perhaps discourage smoking in the food-truck confined area...
3	Last Friday I decided to finally check out this Event, I Went!  Seemed like a lot of people were having fun!  Nothing caught my interest inside the lot!  Glad I checked in out!Even though it looked a lot like Rainy Weather the attendance was plenty!  One Truck had HUGE Popularity!  All the lines combined had less than half the line at "Papi Queso StrEATery"!  Hummm these hungry people know what they want!  This place has the Potential to be a Lookalota!  Probably why I stayed!  It was NOT for the food!  This is a Great Idea and I'm glad to see so many Cities having events like this!!! Hopefully Raleigh is doing something similar!
5	Came to Food Truck Fridays with high expectations and was definitely not disappointed!  Definitely hope to do more FTFs and hopefully get there early enough to scope out other trucks.  By the time my friends and I eventually got there (it was around 7pm) so the line at the Common Market was out the door.  Not just for buying beverages, but for the single person bathrooms.  The staff at the Common Market were just "business as usual" as they dealt with the Friday crowd - but they were still there chill, happy selves despite having to deal with a lot of people.After grabbing beers, we hung around the patio for more people to show up and then headed over to the trucks.  Some of the trucks already started selling out of items, but I did try the TIN kitchen truck:  Chicken Mole Tacos with a side of sweet potato puree.  So good.  Some of the lines for a couple trucks seemed a little long, but I'm sure worth the wait (aka Papi Queso) - then we finished up eating and drinking to find out some of the dessert trucks were done for the night as well.A few things I would do differently:  1)  Not get there too late  2)  BYOB  3) Bring chairs to sit on and hang out.A few things I would definitely repeat:  1)  Walking from East Blvd (not dealing with Parking) 2)  Letting a lady go in front of me in the men's bathroom line (pretty ballsy to ask) but she did pay me with a beer.
5	Always a good time. Parking can get a little hairy, so try to walk, bike, or get there early. It's outdoors and if the weather is nice, they usually get a crowd of people/dogs/kids walking around, talking, and eating. Seating is more or less BYO_. My "must try"s of this group are Papi Queso and Cupcake Delirium (get your cupcakes before your food, they tend to sell out). I haven't been to Sticks and Cones, but I hear it's great. Tin Kitchen, Herban Legend, and Roaming Fork are also solid. The only truck I can't recommend is Southern Cake Queen - trying them more than once was my mistake, but ya know, some people like fine dining and some people just really want McDonald's. So they're the McDonald's of cupcakes; they're fine if you don't know any better.
4	Wow, how things have changed! I remember coming to these events last year & there weren't many people here. Fast forward to now & it's crazy busy! While I am happy at the turnout, long lines & heat doesn't make me very happy. Oh well, what can you do?!I am very pleased there is such a great turnout of food trucks...can you say variety?! Now I just wish the lot was a bit bigger.Cons: Need more space, as well as more tables set up. No ample parking. BYOB/BYOD.Pros: Variety. Bring your chairs, blankets & "plant" yourself anywhere & have a picnic dinner!
5	Can't ask for a better Friday...food trucks with delicious food, byob, great location, and good crowd. You have to get there a little early if you don't want to wait in a huge line...but even if you still have to wait, you have a nice cold one to hold you over. Can't wait to try the rest of the food trucks
4	I will say that I am a little torn about this review as I love most of the charlotte food trucks that i have tried and i do love the concept of food truck fridays. On this evening, we had tacos from The Tin Kitchen with the duck tacos and tuna tacos being the best in my opinion.  The wife really enjoyed the chicken mole tacos, but I am not a fan of mole sauce in general. Our friends had gotten there early and really liked the sri lankan curry wrap from The Herban Legend.  As well, we split a turkey burger from Auto Burger and Fry Guys and it was very enjoyable. We also sampled some cupcakes and some New Orleans pralines which were presented on a piece of candied bacon to make a bacon praline.  While this idea may seem all wrong, it tasted all good!  We also enjoyed some brews from Common Market, which is legal according to the by-laws of the Food Truck Friday. Think of it as special tailgating laws for food trucks.My only gripe is that this is clearly a concept that a significant number of people have taken an interest in for some time based on the crowds there on this evening.  I just wish something was done to make the empty lot where the event is held to be more crowd friendly.  I think that the area is perfect for the concept but some minor upgrades would go far.A few tips: 1. Getting there early will likely help avoid long lines and maybe nab you one of the few tables.2. Plan to divide and conquer, decide what you want from the different trucks and if you are in a group get in separate lines.
2	Got there relatively early (around 6) and ended up waiting around 30 minutes for a couple tacos and then almost an hour and a half for a burger. Food was good but nothing extraordinary. Unless you get there right at five, bring beer and chairs then this isn't worth the hassle
4	I finally had the chance to make it down this evening. I had so much fun and I am going to share with you why exactly I rated this event 4 stars:1. You MUST check out FTF if you are in town. I mean seriously, this will really make you realize how much the south end has changed. I remember I used to come down to this section of town just for Price's Chicken Coop(which btw is AMAZING!), and I used to be scared to walk around the area. Scared NO MORE. In fact, I feel like I am in a high end part of town, so many penthouses and suite buildings and manicured lawn and well maintained light rail system!2. Cupcake Delirium was my favorite, $3 per cupcake, $10 for 4. 3. The line for tin kitchen was LOOONG. I did not get to try any today, I will be back!4. Parking is hectic...we parked at one of the 6am-6pm monday-friday parking spots on camden.5. After your stomach is fully satisfied, you can walk around the south end area. We walked from camden to uptown. It is a very nice walk, sidewalks on both sides of the road and plenty of shady areas with gooorgeous apartments and restaurants along the walk. 6. Phat burrito is close by across the street, super cheap tacos there and yummy, but they only give you one. like $3 for a taco...but some tacos come with mango sauces, the bomb!!7. If you are in charlotte for the summer and you did not come to food truck friday, I don't care what excuse you have but it is not adequate!p.s. bring your cash! entrees are about $7-8. It doesn't hurt to bring a picnic blanket and a water bottle either!
4	Get there early.  The lines are long and the space is small.  I like the concept, but I think it has out grown its current space.
4	I love Food Truck Friday! It's such a great event for a chill Friday night outside of Uptown. It's very nice to be able to sample from several food trucks at once but the food trucks only offer regular dinner portions so technically you might only be able to sample 2 food trucks each Friday before you become so full that you won't want to walk back to your car. I suggest hitting up one truck for your entree and side then picking a different food truck for your dessert. :)If I were to give any advice for a first-timer out at FTF, it would be to definitely get there early. If you show up at 5pm, you could be one of the first people in line at the food truck of your choice BUT if you show up any later than 5:45, you could be waiting in line for 30 minutes easily. The last FTF I went to, I saw a friend wait in line for an hour for a Papi Queso grilled cheese. Yeah... you would never catch me doing that. Parking is usually a nightmare since there is virtually none at the site so you will have to park somewhere nearby and walk over. You can park in the parking garage in the condo building across Camden for free. I actually park at All American Pub and walk over from there. Oh, and bring your own chairs unless you want to sit on the ground or stand while eating. There are nowhere near enough tables out there for everyone to sit. Also, all of the food trucks take credit/debit cards so you won't have to bring cash if you don't typically have it. Bonus there.I do love that the food truck scene in Charlotte is growing and I love to support new and local businesses. I highly recommend bringing a few friends out to FTF to try what the Charlotte food trucks have to offer!
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!! and so much fun! even if you don't try any of the good eats great place to just hang out and socialize. I had food from The Herban legend and my friend got food from The Tin Kitchen. I had a fried green tomatoe grilled cheese with parmesan truffle frys and she had a fancy chicken taco. I couldn't even try to spell out what it was be very tasty. I'll def be going back try some of the other trucks, it was so hard to pick what to eat!!
5	I absolutely love this idea! I love food trucks! I love all the options of delicious food & having the opportunity to support small local businesses. I highly recommend Papi Queso! I got the Little Green Muenster. It was incredible! Muenster cheese, baby spinach leaves, avocado & wasabi horseradish. I will def be ordering that again asap. My brother in law got chicken tacos from the tin kitchen which were really great as well. And last but not least, we all got popsicles from the King of Pops. You def dont wanna miss out on that. such a delightful treat. Be sure and get there as early as possible, because the lines get really long. The only thing that wasn't great was that we didn't bring lawn chairs or our own drinks, so next time we will do that for sure. this is a great event! :)
5	Wow, this is what I've been missing? No fair! The No Food Trucks Past 9 PM rule really hurts the second shift crowd. Since I normally don't get off work until at least 9 on Fridays, I've never been able to make it down here before, but luckily I had a day off for the Electric Run so our team hit up the lot before the race. I stuck with my familiar old standby, Herban Legend's fried green tomato grilled cheese. The line for another grilled cheese from Tin Kitchen was ridiculously long, but it made me wonder what I'm missing, I'll have to make a note of that for next time. There were plenty of options (maybe even too many options? No, wait, I take it back, there's no such thing!) and plenty of room for u to stake out a spot and chow. We had to hit the road around 7 to get to the race on time, but all of us said we wish we could have stayed longer, eaten more, or come back later. Just can't get enough of these food trucks!
5	It's like a giant community picnic!  (Bring some lawn chairs or blankets, the benches fill up fast)I enjoyed every second of it.  So many food options and it seemed like you couldn't go wrong with any of them.  I don't know if they rotate, or if it's the same food trucks every week, but my favorites are: King of Pops (Raspberry Lime..yum!) and Tin Kitchen.  Parking is difficult, but hey, walking is good for you :)
5	Heck yeah! Food trucks galore! Nothing better than festival food with the high festival prices, but with out all that hassle of a festival. Okay okay that sounded harsh. I actually really liked this. I did arrive with about 30 minutes left, so unfortunately most of the trucks were about out of food. However I did have the best sandwich ever, pot roast! hello!! this was delicious and needed to be eaten with a fork. I personally enjoy food trucks and like how this has taken off. Gourmet food on a truck, with out gourmet prices of a fancy restaurant. I cant wait to go again!
5	Love love love my food truck experience!  My boyfriend and I tried food from 3 different vendors and had a great time and even made a few friends.  It is like a big community picnic and I loved all the dogs .... but not necessarily the few rowdy kids.  Parents should make them mind and not leave them to do as they please running around with their Tonka trucks and kicking up dust while people are trying to eat.  Take a blanket or chairs and BYOB!  See you there!
5	The only thing better than a truck is a truck that will serve me food. What's better than that? An entire gang of them.This weekly celebration goes down every Friday in Historic South End. You can find a wide assortment of Charlotte's best local food trucks. It's a great way to support local businesses and have the chance to try a little bit of everything.Things to know:1) Parking is a disaster. Be prepared to search for a spot on a nearby street and hoof it.2) It will be busy. Get there early for a good spot in the grass.3) Bring lawn chairs and/or a blanket4) You can BYOB. Common Market is also right there though if you want to pick something up when you arrive.You will be able to identify the popular trucks easily. They will have the longest lines. If you are set on a grilled cheese from Papi Queso- you may have to wait an hour.I love starting the night off here with friends. Very laid back and casual. You can expect to see all kinds of people. It's also family, kid and dog friendly.Parents- you may want to bring a thing of wet wipes for your kids. You never know when a cupcake or barbecue will turn into a face full of disaster.
4	I can not believe I took so long to participate in this social event.  Great opportunity to hang out with friends and family and have a fairly priced quality meal.  Papi Queso (Pigmac!), The Roaming Fork (fried Mac and Cheese, Fish Tacos), and a variety of popular trucks all converge in one area.Be prepared to park and walk, bring a chair, and be patient because you will have to stand in line for food, but man is it worth the wait.Grab your food, cop a squat and enjoy some of the best food in town while socializing and people watching.Food Truck Friday!  I am a convert!!!
5	This is definitely worth the time and energy. I have tried multiple trucks and everything has been excellent. All the vendors are really nice and friendly. My advice to you:1. Park in the first parking spot you see. I think everyone must be soooo hungry they forget how to park...2. Be prepared for kids and dogs.  3. There are a couple tables but those fill up fast. Bring a blanket or chairs. I had the brilliant idea to bring a sleeping bag. It worked out well because it adds a little more padding. :) 4. Go to Common Market to pick up some beer. 5. Wait. It might seem crazy but I waited about an hour to get a turkey burger. Worth every minute.
5	Last Friday, Dexter and I headed off to Food Truck Friday so we can try something new.So here are some tips to help you out. You want to get their by 5 pm or so. So you can go over to The Common Market to pick up your adult beverages, if you didn't bring yours with you.There is plenty of parking around (if you come early)The place will pack out quickly by 6pm so the only other advisable ways of getting to it is either bike it, Take the light rail in, or just walk down the path.I ate at Roots Down and their  "debris" (sp) was a warmly seasoned sandwich. It was very good and VERY sloppy. Dexter was doing his best to get a sample. Oh yea another thought comes to mind.Most of the food trucks have a specialty sandwich they make that is only available to a handful of people that come by. But once they are out of the item they point you to other options on their menu which are still good. But one can only serve so many lamp chop popsicles in a setting such as this.The event is dog friendly but I come earlier than later since it does pack out within the hour.
5	A random suggestion by my visiting friend, this turned out to be one of the best experiences I've had in Charlotte. Great food, fun people, and fantastic environment! I've been twice now and both times were very enjoyable.First time I ate at the gourmet grilled cheese truck, second time at the barbecue truck - both had food that was much better than I was even expecting. Well worth the price.While it does get very crowded, everyone is very friendly. There's not much seating, so bring a blanket or chairs if you're not comfortable with just sitting on the ground. While many people have wine or beer with them, it's still a family-friendly environment, with kids to grandparents throughout.Definitely recommend if you get the chance!
5	5 stars for food truck Friday. Such a fun atmosphere, and so great to have so many interesting choices all in one spot. Reminded me of the excitement I get at the prospect of fair food. Herban Legend - fried green tomato sandwich:  I tried this upon some friends' recommendations, but was not thrilled. The bread was ordinary and not well grilled. The fried green tomato was fine but could've used a bit more crunch to the batter, and the sauce was not discernible. Papi Queso - French onion grilled cheese:  from all the reviews, I expected this to be great. The bread was perfectly grilled and buttery, but was plain wheat bread to start with so nothing super special. The onions were cooked nicely but the cheese lacked sufficient sharpness to give the sandwich any dimension. Next time I want to try one of the grilled cheeses that have mac and cheese built into the sandwich. Tin Kitchen - buffalo cauliflower slider: insanely good!! By far, the best, most interesting and well-executed item I tried. The cauliflower still had crunch, which some people might not prefer, but I thought it gave the slider good texture. The buffalo hot sauce was spicy but the blue cheese crumbles balanced the spiciness. The slaw on top was icing on the cake. Absolutely delicious. I hope this item stays on the menu for a while.
5	5 huge stars to Food Truck Friday and the diligent team that organizes this! If you're one to want to try new things, head to South End for a variety of good trucks and great people watching. The area tends to get crowded after 7:30, so plan accordingly. Make sure to bring cash! It's a great date night option or something fun to do on the first weekend of the month.
5	Food Truck Friday is awesome but you better get there early or come prepared. Not a lot of tables so you either have to eat standing up or bring your own chair or blanket to park your rump.Food Truck fare is awesome and offers a vast variety of choices for everyone's taste buds. Absolutely love the Fish Tacos at Tin Kitchen and the crew is great. Herban Legend is another favorite so be sure to try the fried green tomato sandwich. You will enjoy Food Truck Friday. Great food, atmosphere and great for people watching as well.
5	I'm a huge fan of Food Truck Friday. This is a great event and it's that much more awesome that it runs year round! Even when it's cold as heck out these guys still come out and so does the crowd!The greatest thing about Food Truck Friday is that it is a meetup of several of Charlotte's best food trucks. I find it hard to keep up with the trucks any other day of the week so having a place to pop by to sample not one but several trucks is a huge convenience. By far one of South End's best events!
4	Second time at food truck Friday and two completely different experiences. Both were good. The first time we went it was cold, like 40 degrees cold. Everyone was huddled around the fire and no more than 2 people in a line. This time it was warm and beautiful out there were A LOT more people and long lines. Everyone is very friendly and a great neighborhood feel. Food trucks actually sell out so if you want dinner get there by 8:30 and enjoy.
4	Great park. Papi Queso is way too greasy and over rated. I'll try something else next time.
4	Anyone who knows me knows that I think food trucks are the greatest thing on the entire earth. Food Truck Friday is like heaven! I was in Charlotte visiting a friend a couple of weeks ago, and Food Truck Friday was an excellent welcome into town. We tried Hot Box's Pork Belly Sliders, and Chorizo Corn Dog, both of which were absolutely delicious. I wish NC food trucks had more (or really, any) house-made drinks available, which is something I love about my Minneapolis trucks. Regardless, great experience. There are a ton of people at this, so be prepared to wait in some long lines. Also, bring a lawn chair or blanket so you have somewhere to sit once the few available benches are taken!Wish I lived here so I could try out more of these glorious trucks. :)
4	I am absolutely without a doubt a fan of FTF! There's plenty of good food to I around, tons of people (excellent people watching) and everyone there is just having a great time. You should be prepared for long lines (I found that the longest lines have some of best stuff!) So just enjoy the wait it's a good chance to chat up the other people in line! I tried the Wingzzza truck and had the pizza and wings combo. It's three wings with your choice of sauce, a slice (cheese or pepperoni) and a drink. Yummy! I really enjoyed it! There are a lot more trucks that I'm looking forward to trying and with the weather starting to get warmer....I'll be back :)
5	One of my all time favorite places to come during the spring/summer and early fall in Charlotte. It usually get super crowded around 6:30-7ish so the earlier you come (it starts at 5) the better. The variety of food trucks is great and every truck I have has been really delicious. They have it during the winter time to and they ask for you to bring wood because they have a fire pit. I personally have not gone during the winter but I am sure it is a lot of fun. On fridays a little further from this parking lot they play old movies in another parking lot. It is great place to go after grabbing food at food trucks.
4	Lots of options to choose from, delicious food. Great family oriented event & dog friendly!  You can bring your own drinks, chairs, blankets etc and just chill out at the park and eat. **FYI Do NOT park in Chicken Coops parking lot... they will tow your vehicle, even if they are closed**
5	This place Rocks! I over spent today though! It was well worth it!  I love coming here after work by way of Light Rail, unless I have some place to be, then I drive.  However, I would warn you that if you do not arrive early, parking could be a nightmare.  There are several wonderful Food Trucks to eat from.  I sometimes patronize several differen Food Trucks so I can have a variety meal, as the food served is mostly a la carte.  The three trucks that I absolutely love so far are Herban Legend, The Tin Kitchen, and Southern Cupcake Queen (offers "Happy Hour" from 5-6pm).  Bring  your lawn chairs, your favorite beverage(s), and come with the expectation of having a great time and eating good food, all while socializing with other foodies!  Before I forget, when you are done at Food Truck Friday's, cross the street and make sure to pick up a Ice pop from "The King of Pop" cart, specifically the Salted Chocolate or the Cookies and Cream!!!  Look forward to a great time!!
2	I went here for the first time this past Friday, it was okay.  Very crowded (which we expected), parking was a little bit of a hassle (again, expected) but the food was good.  I ordered from the burger truck (I can't remember the name of it..) and got the Cali burger with avocado, grilled pineapple and cheese.  It was delicious!  The pineapple really added a nice flavor to it and the burger was cooked medium just like I requested. But, we waited over 15 minutes for our food.  It was awkward trying to hear the names called.  The lines everywhere were so long and I really didn't see much on the menus that stood out to me. Overall, the food was good but for a $13 hamburger and french fry meal, I would rather get it somewhere that I didn't have to stand in line for 20 minutes and then wait another 15 for the food.
4	First time at FTF.  Neat experience-lots of people and lots of options from the trucks. I split a burger and fries from Auto Burger and a BBQ sampler from one of the BBQ trucks ( forgot it's name). Overall, both were tasty and worth the $23 bucks spent. BBQ truck served faster than the burger truck. I recommend bringing a chair, blanket and either BYOB or buying from Common Market. Also, had a Popsicle from the cart in front of Phat Burrito. It was tasty as well/cost was $2.50. The trucks all take cash or credit. The cart was only cash. This was probably the first time I have been to a food truck. Overall, food was good but because it is prepared when ordered, I can imagine others waited A LONG time to get there food.  Get there early or be prepared to stand in line and wait. I would return after the summer heat.
4	I was in town for my son's graduation. I just happen to run into this. I decided to park and check things out. I am glad I did. Some of the best food I have ever tested. I plan on going back and making a day of it and dragging a cooler close behind me
5	Food truck Fridays are amazing!! The winter is not the same since they take a break then  during the peak, there can be 10-15 trucks there from 5-9! Papi Queso is my favorite by far which specializes in all things cheese (go figure) ;) they have a grilled cheese with bbq, caramelized onions and mac n cheese - does it get better?! make sure you bring a chair/blanket and a beer cooler if interested!
4	I didn't even know food trucks existed in Charlotte, let alone a whole crowd of them waiting to take your money and fill your belly up with awesomeness.Firstly, I have to say that the assortment of food served in Charlotte's food truck line up is a little on the lacking side (based on my one trip to FTF).  It seemed like every other truck I passed by was a taco truck! And while I love my food truck tacos, I would love to see some more variety.BUT since it seemed like taco was the most popular thing at FTF, of course that's what I had to get.  I went to Tin Kitchen and got the 10$/3tacos+drink special with the pork belly, chicken tinga, and thai coconut shrimp.  Besides the thai coconut shrimp, they were to die for.  The wait was excrutiatingly long, since you're literally standing outside of the truck smelling all of the fatty goodness while waiting for your food for 15 minutes.I loved finally getting to sit down and start eating.  A little bit of nice weather will definitely go a long way here.  Lawn chairs and blankets are a must.Lastly, I don't remember seeing a bathroom anywhere, so prepare yourself beforehand!
5	Food Truck Friday is pretty much the most amazing thing ever....I mean, cupcake food truck, yay!!!My husband and I have been out here many times, the most recent was this past Friday. Food Truck Friday is located beside Common Market in Historic Southend. Basically, there are about 10 or so food trucks and a lot of space to sit around (so make sure to bring a blanket or chairs!) We ended up eating at the amazing Chrome Toaster and got the pupusa special for the night (If you dont know what a pupusa is, google it and then go find the awesome Chef Aaron to get one....they are A-mazing!). $10 for a pupusa, side (fried mac and cheese...duh!) and drink. We got the Bahn Mi pupusa and Duck pupusa. Both were awesome. As for Food Truck Friday, here are some tips:-BYOB- You can bring beer/wine out here. You can also buy this at Common Market and bring it out there. However, Common Market's lines are suuuuuuuuuper long so I would suggest just bringing your own.-Get there early. I believe it starts at 5 and hitting around 7 it is so slammed that alot of food choices are sold out and the lines are just way crazy.-Lines......expect them. I mean think about it, one truck with a small handful of people are cooking your food. It's actually pretty amazing that they are even able to pump out that much food so kuddos to the chefs/assistants! Grab a drink and expect a wait to order and a wait to receive. I have never once regretted my wait for food though!-Parking is pretty darn aweful. Fortunately, my husband and I live walking distance so this isnt an issue. I would suggest parking at the 485 light rail stop and taking the light rail in. It saves you time, energy, and frustration.
5	Wow! I have always been a big fan of food trucks and for the first time last friday I attended food truck friday! What an awesome time the food was amazing and so was the atmosphere! I tried a little something from just about all of the trucks and all of the food was to die for! My top 3 trucks had to be papi quest, herban legend and the tin kitchen though but everything was great! Its located in an open area in Southend and seating is limited so I would advise bringing a blanket or chair from home! Also bring your six pack from home if you are looking to enjoy a cold one with your meal. I had an awesome time the servise from all of the truck was awesome! This is definatly going to be my new friday evening ritual!
4	It's a fun experience. But realize it is an experience and not a sit down restaurant that you're going to be catered for your every desire. There are no tables or seats. There is plenty of lawn to sit upon. Think of it as a carnival food area minus all the junk food and instead you have these higher end menu selections. It's a crowd, for sure!  Some trucks have really long lines, like 40 people!  Some have just a few people. Though I'm not sure I'd rate the truck based upon the line, though I can imagine that some do and that's how a long line gets longer. I went to a short line truck that featured kimchi and ramen in their food items and I liked it!  (Sorry, I can't remember the name.). But it's a fun crowd, people bring their dogs. I enjoyed it very much.
5	Food, friends, and good vibes is what you can expect from FTF. There are some amazing trucks here and having The Common Market nearby for a quick beer stop is always a plus. I've never had a bad experience and it actually makes me wish there were two Fridays in the week. Why not, right? As far as seating goes benches are provided but they become occupied quickly so I would recommend bringing some lawn chairs or a blanket unless you prefer to stand and eat. If you're new to FTF I suggest following the crowd. Certain trucks have longer lines than others and for good reason. All the trucks make great food but some are just better than others. Parking can be hard to find so I would suggest getting there early to avoid a long hike.
4	Food truck Friday is awesome, that is about all there is to say. There are a variety of food trucks that come each week, about 8 and they park and sell. Plan to get there early or plan to stay late as the lines are crazy long. You will easily wait in line for 45 minutes.Also bring something to sit on, the tables that are available there run out fast but there is plenty of room for blankets or fold out chairs etc.
4	This is a really cute thing to attend and I'm glad we finally decided to go this past Friday.  We check the website and saw that you can bring dogs, so I liked that part! You can bring blankets and chairs and pretty much set up wherever you want.  We had a small group of about 10 people, so finding space wasn't an issue.There were a lot of different food trucks and a lot of lines!  I chose a BBQ truck and the food was ok - I would probably go to a different truck next time. I also made a stop at the donut truck and that was really good.  This is definitely a fun thing to do!
