3	It's hard not to love anything on gorgeous William Street, but for some reason I didn't get too excited about The Melville when I came here the other day. It just seemed a bit too olde worlde, in a bad way, for my liking. Whether it was the three gents of a certain age smoking in the doorway, or the smell when I walked in that made me think for a second that the smoking ban had never been implemented.Drinks were pricey compared to a lot of other pubs in this area of the city centre, and although it was no more expensive than Teuchters just across the road it lacks the same relaxed and trendy vibe that Teuchters has. Although in its defense, the food menu did look nice and inviting as well as being good value for money, so I'll probably head back here at some point to try it out. It's just not at the top of my list.
2	Well then, isn't this your typical old-man establishment. Not my usual style of watering hole, I admit, but it was Chris M's birthday and there was a pub quiz to be played!It's fairly roomy inside, the pub quiz was good fun although it seemed to go from super easy to INCREDIBLY hard very quickly. Something about the ten countries with the highest IPA (or something) in the world's finance. Or what. Um. I did Arts at University, I know not.They gave out free sandwiches too, at one point. They looked a bit stale and I declined, but still - everyone loves free sandwiches!One thing puzzled me. First when I asked for diet coke I got it from the pump. Second time in a can. Without specifying. Odd.As far as old man pub's go, it's not a stand-out or has any particular feature or charm that would make me come back (think open fire, pub dog, the biggest collection of tea spoons in Edinburgh). It's just a pub, that does drinks in a very traditional manner. It wasn't bad per se, it just wasn't good.Also this has nothing to do with the fact that Chris M's team beat our team by a few points! Pipped to the post!
2	As an earlier reviewer said... this bar is something of an anomaly on William Street: you'd expect warmth and welcome but they weren't there today. Surly staff, cursing customers and a reduced range of drinks. There's plenty of character on W Street, but it wasn't to be found here, not today.
3	This seemed like a nice enough bar. I went on a Sunday to meet some friends who were having food here. It was very quiet for a Sunday on a bank holiday weekend. I'd imagine if the rugby was on it would be mobbed! It's modern looking and nicely decorated inside. It reminds me of a lot of bars around Edinburgh, similar look and style. I wouldn't seek this bar out to go to, but if friends were going there I'd be happy to go.
4	Quiet, but delicious food!We randomly wandered into The Melville Bar during our recent trip to Edinburgh.  We were in search of some pints and some lunch...we were starving!!!The place was super quiet...we were the only patrons in there.  One other patron did come in, pay for a pint, slam his pint, and then leave.  That was it, though.  However, I didn't find that bothersome.  We had lovely conversations with the 2 staff/bartenders that were there the day we were.  Both were funny, knowledgable, and friendly.I ordered a couple of things as I was starving...hummus, and some sort of salad.  The salad was a salad and the hummus was sooooo good!!!  We had a couple of drinks and then went on with our sight seeing.The Melville Bar is just a couple of blocks in the opposite direction of where most of the tourist sites are, but definitely worth the extra time and energy!  Food is good, service is friendly, and the bathrooms are clean!!!
4	I have been to Melville bar thrice so far within a year, and each time the experience was better and better, considering the fact that the new management opened the refurbished place last year in spring, I think. Last week I decided to try the Melville bar burger deal with a glass of house wine (or Estrella beer) with a voucher, and oh my, the burger was astounding!!!! I have tried quite a few burger places in Edinburgh, but that was something else, and my three friends were also quiet while devouring that masterpiece!I have no idea how they made the burger so juicy, with a mouth watering bun and French fries!!! It's a place that every burger fun should try (at least once!) in Edinburgh!!! The service was quick and friendly. The house wine wasn't something amazing, tasted well. It was Saturday evening so obviously it wasn't the quietest place, World Cup was also playing on the TVs. In December 2013 in my previous visit I had tried the haggis neeps and tatties, and was pleasant, but not memorable. I would definitely go back for another burger!
4	One of the best burgers I have had in Scotland. We tried the chicken and beef versions and both came with a great, alternative coleslaw using red cabbage and crispy, thin fries. Everything was tasty and fresh.The surrounding area is lovely for an after dinner wander too!
