4	So Wednesday evening I needed milk and cat food. On my way to the store I realized my stomach was growling. Never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. A while back in The Savvy Shopper rag in the China Grill ad was a little banner about Wok n Stix being a new location. And because of an event that fell apart this week I had a bug to eat something Asian. So I found it and stopped in.Chinese fast food. They also have hamburgers and a few other things. I stuck with something I figured I would like, orange chicken ($7.95). It came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. Most of my Chinese fast food consists of Panda Express and Ming Gee. This was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. Service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. Even though I was eating in the rice came in a take out box which I thought was sorta weird. I still hate eating out alone but at least I wasn't the only person in the place. Each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.There was nobody being served at the front counter when I was finished so I stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. They have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns China Grill not far away.
2	Well I went here last week and the sign said Wok N Grill but since their website says "Stix" and this is the same address, I guess maybe I got it wrong.  Just a heads up, you may see this place named Wok N Grill somewhere down the road.So we walked in and the menu is insane.  There is way too much and far too many pictures of the food for anyone to make a reasonable decision.  So I asked the guy "what's good" to which he replied "besides everything?"  Oh har har - aren't you clever.  Now I'm pissed at you.  So after trying to drag an answer out of him, I told him I wanted spicy and he suggested boring Kung Pao Chicken.  I took his advice which, now, makes me more mad at him because it really wasn't good.  It was a giant plate of 10000 peanuts, 10 stalks of celery, and some giant mutant chicken.  Was there value for the meal? Sure.  Was it good enough to justify ever eating that much of it?  Absolutely not!  It was decently spicy but, more so, it was just hot.  Like - I stuck this in the microwave for 10 minutes kind of hot.  Let's just say, I won't be back here.  The staff was unhelpful and the food was insane.  You can usually tell if a place doesn't have good food because they give you a ton of it.  This is one of those places.
2	We came here because we were hungry and the name made us laugh.  When we got here, the name had apparently changed to an unclever "Wok n Grill."  I grabbed a to-go menu on our way in because I could already see the mess of distracting pictures and words all over their "menu board."  It was difficult to read and I wasn't going to waste time trying.  There are too many things on the menu and I got frustrated looking at too many options and went with the relatively boring lemon chicken.  The guy behind the counter was unhelpful and kind of frustrating.  After we ordered and sat down, we waited for about 10 minutes and got our blazing hot food served to us on styrofoam plates.  Argh.  The sauce on my lemon chicken was pretty good, albeit a little bit gelatinous.  The chicken was good in some parts, but tough and stringy in others.  Unfortunately, the thing I hate most with fried foods happened to me here.  The batter was put on too thick and was not fried long enough, making the stuff next to the chicken mushy and disgusting.  I could only eat a little of it.  Bottom line is this place kind of sucks and I won't be back.
1	This place was the Best! Sadly, it was sold and has become Wok n' Grill. I ate there once since the new owners took over and have not returned. The food is not the same!!! Now I go to the original owners other place, China Grill, on Thunderbird & 75th ave.
1	Yuck. Found a foreign object in my fountain soda. Strange flavors in the food. Very spendy.
4	Ordered dinner last night. Order was repeated for accuracy. Was promised it would take 45 minutes.Food showed up in 25 minutes. HOT and had everything we ordered.The food was terrific! Excellent Chinese Fast Food at a great price. This may end up being a weekly thing.
