5	It's a beautiful place with a beautiful story. A husband and wife created this garden together over the course of their marriage. There's a childrens' garden and plenty of pathway to ramble around for an hour or two enjoying nature. I've been there in spring, summer and fall- it's always enjoyable- even in the drought. Donations are appreciatively accepted.
5	This little garden is a beautiful Charlotte treasure. The website does a good job of setting the romantic scene, but nothing can prepare you for how special this place really is.Not only is it a great place to walk with a loved one and enjoy the birds or to go find some clear mental space in your alone time, they have a fabulous plant sale a few times a year. The fall one is coming up, and I'm planning on attending to get all my essentials for the garden this season. They've got some great options, and one of the best selections in our area. They've also got some interesting lectures occasionally to help would-be gardeners figure out the ins and outs of the plant world, and often the price of the lectures include a fresh lunch, usually made up of local food. You feed your brain, your belly, and your soul!
4	Tucked away in the Myer's Park area, Wing Haven is a refreshing stop. The museum asks for a $5 donation to help keep the grounds looking great. Make sure you bring cash.There is a short 15-20 minute video about how the place started, but instead of watching it, my husband and I just started walking around. It's bigger than you would expect, but many pathways were off limits (didn't take away from the experience though). It was really sweet to see the birds, squirrels, and rabbits eating and wandering around.
4	Who knew this place was even here?  I went today with the family and had a wonderful time on this gorgeous day!  There was hardly anyone there so we had the place to ourselves.  The person working couldn't have been nicer and started us off with a video about the gardens which told us the story of the lady and her husband that created this hidden treasure.  We noticed that there was a baby shower going on in their private room so it is a great place to hold small scale parties.  Walking the gardens was very peaceful and provided some great backdrops for photo opportunities.  There were little alcoves for sitting and I could people coming here just to relax.  They have a nice children's garden which had chickens and other things for the kids.  They offer children's classes, story times and fun things to do with the kids.What a great place and as I stated a truly hidden treasure right here in the Queen City!
4	Probably one of the "hidden gems" in Charlotte, I discovered Wing Haven during a Bike!Charlotte Bingo Bike Ride on a nice Saturday afternoon.  The bike loop started at SouthEnd and cut through downtown/Noda/Plaza Midwood/the greenway and led us to Wing Haven.  I have lived in Charlotte for 17 years now and this was the first time I had ever heard of Wing Haven.  It's really tucked inside the middle of a neighborhood street - almost inbetween the Dilworth and Sewlyn areas.  I'm sure the houses that surround Wing Haven are used to the business being there but the "NO WING HAVEN" parking signs our in front of people's yards give me a good sense that this place can draw a crowd when it wants to.If you are a bird lover, outdoor lover, or unique place lover... this is definitely a good spot.  I think you can rent out the space for small events and there are plenty of activities for small children to do and see.
5	There is a nominal fee now. I believe it's $6 per person. Check the days they are open before you set out. We went on a closed day during the week. Darn it. If this happens to you, head over the Nature Museum instead. It's right around the corner.
4	Looking for something different to do on a pleasant afternoon?  Here in a residential neighborhood you will find a historic home with a wonderful custom garden the original owners spent their lifetime creating and then passed on to the Charlotte people.  $10 gets you a brief intro. into the owner's lives (plus a film if you want to know even more), a nice colorful map booklet and admission into the garden.  It also allows you entry into the smaller Elizabeth Lawrence garden just down the street. At Wing Haven there are strategically planted bird feeders throughout that attract a nice variety of birds, especially cardinals, and cute chipmunks.
