1	We had a tire replaced at this location 2 weeks ago, last night we noticed that the tire has leaked.  So we ended up going back up there and telling them we have a defect in the tire,  Well the guys seemed like they were out to just take your money, and blame everything on us, which is irresponsible,  This is the (First and LAST) time i will ever go to a place that treats their costumers in that manner...  I'll make sure and tell everyone that lives in this area not to ever go to Tire Kingdom,  I made a huge mistake by going and now i have to pay for another tire that's not even our fault,   Horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE....  Is the best words for this place,  go somewhere else, don't waste your time even parking your car at their location....
5	I have been going to tire kingdom for 7 or 8 years now and really dont take my car anywhere else.The staff gives honest recommendations on what your car really might need as well as complete all the work quickly or within the time frame they give you when you drop your car off. I had to buy new tires recently and Jason threw in the oil change that I originally came in for for free. This place also has great hours that accommodate most anyone's schedule. Drop by and give them a chance if you are near by. They also have a little waiting room with a TV.Vroom vroom!!!
1	I went to tire kingdom to have an emissions check done. They turned around and told me that I needed to do a bunch of work to get it up to pass testing. "I don't need all that work I just need to pass my emissions test." Their response: "well if you want to pass the test, you have to get the work done." I got angry, picked up my vehicle, took it to a local inspection center by where I live and got it done cheaply and efficiently with no mention of any of the bullcrap tire kingdom was telling me to do.While I was waiting in their waiting room, I saw them telling some lady that she needed thousands of dollars of work that she probably didn't need.She was really upset, called her husband and trying to figure out what bills they would have to pay late to get this work done. The business model seems to be all about screwing people over.
5	I came out of my apartment only to find my car dead. I called roadside service and after an hour a tech came out gave me a jump. He recommended that I take it to a service center to get the battery checked. I went to Tire Kingdom and they promptly came out and checked the battery. At first, I was not sure if they knew what they were doing as they wanted to check the battery in the back. I thought they wanted to check the "hybrid battery" which did not make any sense to me. It turns out the the regular battery is located right next to the "hybrid" battery. They were very polite to me even though I did not know what I was talking about. They could have charged me for a new battery, that I did not need based on my ignorance. I am happy to report that they did not take advantage of me in my time of need. Thanks again.
