5	The sales rep was exceptional he spent 3 hours with my family and I and made sure we knew everything we needed to know to make an informed decision. The technician doing our install Jake, the guy is a genius it seems. Thank you Sound Security! Would highly recommend.
1	I would give a zero if I could. What a joke. I have been having so many problems with them... Great sales person but service after sale is crap. I'm having to get a lawyer to get out of my contract with them because they are not providing me with the service I signed up for. What's even more ridiculous is that, because of all the problems I'm experiencing with my system, Monitronics WILL let me out of my contract but Sound System WON'T.  What a joke.
1	Hilariously unreliable and misleading.First of all, you can pick up any company that uses Alarm.com / Monitronics and get the same service. Sound Security is just one company that contracts with them.Second of all, which website is their real website? http://www.soundsecuritynv.com/ or http://www.soundsecurityalarms.com/ ? Both have their logo. Both are different. This should have tipped me off to prevent this disaster.Thirdly, I'm not sure how this whole operation runs but it's not working. Why?1. Tory, the sales rep who will come out to consult with you (yes, the same one who wrote a review on this page about how awesome he is), will upsell you on points like Monitronics response time and things like how they can call the police without an intermediary because they have "ears" in your place. Yeah, any company will do that nowadays. He'll also talk down companies like ADT, mainly because they're competitors. Not saying ADT is gold, but I'm saying he will make you think you've stumbled on buried treasure and he's doing you a favor - like any trained sales rep.2. He'll also try to sell you on these awful, awful cameras that are supposedly 720p. He'll say they're crystal clear. I tried them and not only could I not connect to them half the time, but the frame rate was crazy low, and resolution was laughable. I returned them, and called out Tory. He said he's never actually used or seen them but just saw promo material. Way to live up to it.3. I have been trying and trying to get my plan to the correct monthly rate and it is damn near impossible. It has been weeks! Also, trying to get equipment from them has also taken weeks. No callbacks. No followups. I've had to contact Tom, the owner, around 6-7 times now and he makes promises and excuses each time. Nothing changes. Seriously, it has been two months now of trying to get things to happen.3.5. They actually FORGOT my appointment. Yes, Jake "the genius" proclaimed by Tory the sales rep forgot my appointment twice in a row.Avoid. The professionalism just does not exist with this company. Tory did say I have 6 months to decide if I want to keep the service and break the contract. We'll put this to the test soon.
