1	I give it one star and Yelp says "Eek! Methinks not." and that feels like the perfect summary for my experience at this so-called spa.I ended up here because of Groupon Now I decided to take advantage of while I was in Vegas. It felt weird when I walked in the door but I figured that I already paid for it, I might as well go through with it. Big mistake...I went in thinking I was going to get some sort of new age detox themed pedicure. I left after an awkward short Marshall Applewhite (of the Heaven's Gate cult) rubbed my feet with hand sanitizer.Props to GroupOn for giving me a refund after I told them what happened and how skeezed out I was.
4	I love the Shellac Mani-Pedi....it lasted 3 weeks and no chipping. If my nails didn't grow so fast I would have been able to go a month.  Clean and nice experience.  I will keep going they got me in and out in no time.
4	I had an amazing time at Espinage. I was surprised with my first couples massage & I have to say the surprise & massage was AMAZING. My girlfriend is amazing. I recommend people to check this place out  when you come to Vegas!!!
5	Episage turned out to be nicer than the address would otherwise suggest.   Her masseuse was Teri who did an amazing job.  My wife is planning to make another appointment on our next visit and request Teri.  My wife used a Groupon, but prices are very reasonable even without any form of discount.
2	This massage was nice, but "relaxing" is definitely not the word my boyfriend and I used to describe our experiences. The waiting room was pretty serene, but the receptionist was receiving texts and she had the volume of her cell phone cranked up, with the world's most jarring alarm for a text tone. After about 15 minutes, she came over and turned the television on (my bf and I were the only 2 people in the waiting area) to CNN news which was covering a shooting or something equally unpleasant. My massage effectively worked out some kinks in my neck and back, but the therapist used short quick strokes, not long relaxing ones. She chatted the whole time (to be fair, I WAS responding), and made it known that a massage therapy degree was a quick way for her to get a job and make money. My bf's massage therapist (Teri) was the same way, but apparently pulverized him to the point he actually had a bruise on his neck afterward. Well, I got my Groupon's worth out of it, but I won't be back.
5	My boyfriend and I were really looking forward to a couple's massage on our vegas trip this memorial day weekend. I researched a lot of spas and reviews before choosing Episage, and I'm so glad I made the right decision. First of all, I called 5 different times to see if I could reschedule our appointment since our flight and times wouldn't allow us to make our original one. Each time they tried to find a new opening for us, and even a few hours before we went they scheduled us on a Sunday after I called. Nikki and Limmie were our therapists. They went above and beyond expectations for a massage!! They set the music to that that would fit my bf and I perfectly. They taught us (mistly my bf) all about tight and knotted fascia and stretching. Limmie went through a number of stretches and flexibility therapies on me. They had us laughing and having a good time the entire session, and we got educated without even realizing we were getting educated. My boyfriend is making sure he's stretching and treating his body better now after the session with Nikki and Limmie, and I now can't wait to come back to Vegas just to go see them for another massage! Best hour and a half ever! You won't be disappointed!!
5	Ask for Jackie. You know the difference between an orgasm and a massage by Jackie? No one has to sleep in the wet spot. :)Know what a massage by Jackie and an orgasm have in common? EVERYTHING! I swear, I have had lots of massages. They all start by gently feeling your back for 10 min. NOT Jackie! She asked how firm I liked it and said pretty firm. She told me shes stronger than she looks. HOLY UNDERSTATEMENT, Batman! She laid right into me, and when I thought it was going to be too hard it felt better so fast I learned to trust her.  I have been engaged to people who didnt know my body as well as she did. (To prevent the questions: Yes, I do mean you, and Yes you ARE the reason I'm gay now. Go follow someone elses Yelp if your feelings are hurt) She started on my back, worked her way through my whole body and ended with my back, and feet. It was a SERIOUS massage. It was peaceful, relaxing, and GOOD! I was really glad I forego the 15 minute for scrub, when she offered to just let me have the time in massage instead. I will be going back, I strongly recommend you go too. Now, before I book her for the next year straight!I wish there were more stars to give her. I cant really rate the facility too much, as I was in a blissful stupor when I left, and got there a little late, so I was rushing in. I can tell you the bathroom was clean, and I think I broke the faucet. The room was very calming, peaceful, smelled good, and was spotlessly clean.
5	Jackie-YES please! Okay best massage ever, hands down! Like a previous Yelper's "enthusiastic" review-ahem-it was refreshing that she got right into it and didn't BS around, I asked for a deep tissue and a deep tissue I got. I would definitely go back to see her, but not without a Groupon-this place is a little pricey for massages. Thanks Jackie! :)
5	What a pleasant surprise! I found this place on Groupon & couldn't pass up the price. With all the $200+ treatments on the Strip, it was refreshing to spend less than $50 for the same treatment.  This ended up being of the best massages I've ever had. Excellent deep tissue massage, very professional, relaxing and overall a wonderful experience. Highly recommended.
5	The place it's self is not the most impressive, but the therapists are awe inspiring! Teri is the one of the most gifted massueses I have met. She does a very impressive job of doing Physical Therapy, while massaging. Places I have had problems with for years, and the first visit she said if I came back every week for a month she could make it better, and she DID! She can do a great relaxing massages, or she can make your muscles SCREAM, but they feel better the next day. I really can't recommend her enough.  There's usually a Groupon, and a price for regulars, making it very reasonable.
5	I am a teacher from California who was on a 3 day vacation with 2 other teacher friends.  We were desperate for a relaxing message and facial but also needed it to be reasonably priced.  Even starting with the booking of the appointment we got a good vibe.  They were very patient with our many questions about pricing and services and quoted us very reasonable prices.  The location is very clean, smelled of wonderful lavender, and the staff were all very welcoming and friendly.  The message was great, my masseuse was Yessenia!  and my facial was equally wonderful!  It was a perfect end to our small vacation and I felt amazing when I left the spa!
5	A hidden gem in Vegas!  I loved it!  It is only a short trip off the Las Vegas strip.  I had the Swedish massage with stones and a foot scrub by Pedro!  It was a wonderful relaxing massage.  Thank you Episage staff.  I would go back!
5	I just moved to Vegas and I usually get a massage once a month. I came here, tried other places, and I came back. Limmie is the best. Very experienced and compassionate about his work. As an athlete, he integrates Swedish and sports massage therapy. You will not be disappointed!
5	My daughter and I moved to LV last year. We were used to having massages on a regular basis. We came to Episage and had massages by Teri. She is the best massage therapist we have ever had. We both have problems with our necks and shoulders and Teri does deep tissue incredibly well. She also adds in stretching and recommendations for daily preventive care. I would never go anywhere else. In addition, the Center is very clean and the staff are very friendly.
5	This is a hidden secret of Vegas! My mom and I went to get massages before I leave town, and we came across this place. It is so cheap AND it is the best massage I've had so far. My mom has been experiencing cramps in her legs, and Teri fixed her right up. I got Pedro, and he was AMAZING at working out the kinks in my back. I will recommend this place to EVERYONE! It's a hole in the wall, but it beats out any massage I've had at a resort or casino. If you're thinking about getting a cheap massage, this is the place to do it! Worth every penny.
5	I had Pedro. He was awesome, actually cared about the pain and issues I was having. Highly recommend! Great deal for locals too!!
5	Teri was the LMT that did my massage, she is very professional and knowledgable. I feel great after an hour of deep tissue massage with hot stones. I highly recommend her if you go here.
5	I've been coming to Epissage for some time and Terri always makes me feel amazing. She is truly a gifted massage therapist.  I recommend Epissage to anyone looking for quality treatments.
1	Today I went in for a massage bc I had slept wrong & my neck was killing me. I told this to Steve (my therapist) & that I go about every other week for massage. I reminded him many times during the massage about my neck, but tried not to be overly pushy. There were many times he did not follow my skeletal outline & with a lot of pressure just rolled over my scapula & other bones. When doing deep tissue I think it's rather important to stay on the tissue otherwise it can be a bit painful. I like a pretty intense massage & don't usually complain about it, but when it's done incorrectly it's frustrating. Towards the end I reminded him again about my neck. I tried & tried to explain & show him exactly where the spot is (& even how to massage it!), but he just acted like I was annoying him....with heavy sighs even! Seriously?! I came in bc my neck hurt & I had to leave with my neck still hurting! Unacceptable.
4	This place is a great value, especially for locals! I bought a groupon and tried it for the first time today. Pedro was great and he hit my tension zones and even stretched my neck and IT band. This hurt so GOOD! My body needed the deeper stretch to alleviate tension. I will be back. It is a little off the beaten path at 1601 E. Flamingo but worth it!
5	Friendly receptionist. Great facials! The aesthetician was very knowledgeable and took good care of me. I will come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas. The price is also affordable.
5	I went for this massage after running the Rock n Roll Half-Marathon in Vegas. Best decision ever. It is a little drive off of the strip, but totally worth it. I will definitely be going back. My massage therapist gave me one of the best massages, and stretched my muscles, without charging me extra. I mean...the customer service here is unbelievably amazing. You couldn't find a better group of people. The staff all had really positive energy...definitely something that was pleasantly surprising. I also had a soft spot for my massage...as during the massage I found out that my massage therapist grew up near my hometown. Made for fun conversation. I would highly recommend this place. Think about it.............you can't find a better way to get this relaxed in Vegas.
5	Had a great experience here!! Got the Groupon! I had Pedro as a therapist and he was great I walked out feeling like a new person I would definitely recommend episage to a friend!
5	When I win the Lotto, I am moving to Las Vegas JUST SO I CAN GET A WEEKLY MASSAGE AT EPISAGE!I am not a connoisseur of massages, but I was a sports trainer who used therapeutic massage and I have fortunately been on the receiving end of 30 or so professional massages.  THIS WAS IN THE TOP 3 OR 4 of all time!I believe they are moving soon, so I will not spend much time on their old location -- it was a medical office - clean, warm and lightly decorated.  Be SURE to verify their address if you think they are still at 1601 Flamingo - they should be moving down the street early in 2014.My wife and I used a Groupon, so the price was downright CHEAP.  I don't remember the exact regular price, but I was surprised it was so low (especially compared to "spas" at the Las Vegas hotels!).  They arranged us on two adjacent tables in a nice room.  Pleasantly dim, good air temperature (pleasantly warm), quiet instrumental music, and comfortable tables.Pedro applied firm pressure on my request.  I work out hard and have significant  muscle.  Some massages can't get down in there easily, but Pedro succeeded.  The hot stones were a pleasant surprise and felt really good.  Pedro was attentive and frequently asked for feedback on the firmness of pressure, etc.  He understood my directions and followed them well.  There were several things that Pedro did that I haven't seen other LMT's do (some stretching, additional manipulations, particular pressure points) that were very welcome.  I asked for extra attention to my neck and shoulders and received it.My wife reports she enjoyed her massage also.The massages were not cut short and probably went a bit over time.  At the end, we both felt GREAT!  Overall, we DEFINITELY plan to make this a MUST GO location every time we are in Vegas!
4	Pedro was great. Little man packs a solid massage! He's great for local mamas who need a break from carrying around those babies! The building isn't the best but they're relocating soon. I'll be back!
4	Located in a non-discript business plaza, it took me a couple of U-turns to finally find this place(and that's using my GPS). This building is no-frills and doesn't provide that frou frou spa decor that most hotels on the Strip provide. It's all about the talents of the massage therapist!My masseuse  worked on me and listened to all my concerns. Being in the nightlife industry, I'm on my feet, in heels, for hours. I started off with a 60 min but ended up asking for an additional 30 because he is that good! I'm overdue for a massage and will be returning to this establishment for my next. :)
5	I went in for 30 min massage and got Teri. She did a great job for my sore neck. she did a variety of stretches to warm up the area and then gave me a great neck massage. For the price you cant beat this place. I will be likely coming back for monthly maintaince visits. They will give a local discount if you are a local.
5	Lemmie gave me a great massage, equivalent to the one I pay three times as much for at Massage Envy.
5	I've had massages from Hawaii to London and anywhere in between.  Teri gave me the best massage I've ever had.  I had a 90 minute Hot Stone that felt like muscle therapy heaven.  I visit Vegas every few years for conventions.  My next trip out will definitely include a trip to Espiage.
