1	I have a vague memory of eating at a Macayo's in downtown Phoenix long ago and it being good. However, now their food is akin to any food service garbage you might eat at a school cafeteria.Even worse, the service at this location is awful. We have tried it three times. The first time, we had a table of eight and we were left unattended for 10-15 minutes at a time. The second time, it was four of us, including two kids. The waitress was nasty to the kids and kept giving us the stink-eye. Our kids don't make messes and are very polite. The third time, we waited in the entrance for a full 10 minutes without being acknowledged by any staff. The bartender made eye contact with us several times but didn't offer to seat us or get the hostess. We just gave up and left, and won't be returning.
3	Revisited Macayo's for a family birthday -- based on my past experiences and subsequent one-star review, I was wincing at what we might get.The food is still blah. As I mentioned in my previous review, it's cafeteria-like and nothing worth writing about (ah, the irony). It was properly temp'ed, so there is that.However, we seemed to hit a bit of a jackpot, server-wise, which can make up quite a bit of ground. Our server was a very nice person -- very attentive, nice to the kids, and hooked the birthday-person up with the free sweets and singing. I did see the manager wandering around and then sitting at a booth chatting with someone -- she did not acknowledge us even though I made eye contact with her a couple times as she walked by. I've always sorta liked the whole wandering manager asking if everything is okay bit, even if it's a gimmick.A solid three stars this time.
3	Basic Americanized Mexican food but tasty just the same.  The mix and match entrees wete nice. Waitress was attentive and helpful and the manager stop at the table too.
4	We went during their chili fest and the chile rellenos were excellent. Service was excellent. The food was anything but blah. We will return.
3	Stopped by for dinner and I agree with the food being blah, however, my husband enjoyed his combo enchilada plate, it was not spicy but the flavor was good. I had a cheese enchilada with red sauce (what do that put in that sauce, it can't be chili) and rice that was over salted. Salsa was just low average but the margaritas were very good! Service was fair but the server we had was not friendly he seemed confused.The new Chimi dessert with caramel, nuts and ice cream was to die for!
5	We have been back several times since my initial review and the service and food have been consistently excellent for both lunch and dinner. Love their green chiles!!!
2	They have good food. Showed up an hour before closed. Had to wait forever even when nobody else was in the restraunt.
1	Terrible. I ate here the day it opened and it sucked, waited over a year to go back and try it again, and it sucked yet again. Not a fan, this is not even mediocre mexican and the price of great mexican.
3	Macayo's - another gringo-fied Mexican chain which quadruples the price for a quarter of the flavor. We knew better, but Mexi restaurants are mostly shuttered tight on Easter, so our choices were limited when hunger struck in the middle of that neon stretch between Phoenix and Tucson. The service earned the third star as all were friendly and fast. But $8 for a teeny, bland scoop of guac? My lonely $13 Baja burro was as bland as a sensitivity meeting at Lego Land, and the food was Mexican in shape only. The salsa tasted like ketchup compote. The lack of flavor was compounded because I'd just eaten tacos el sabor in southern Nogales at La Salida and was nearly transported to heaven. I'd trade fear for flavor any time. Macayo's takes bland to new averages.
4	Service is always friendly and food always good. They have a great happy hour!
2	My chicken dish was over cooked, rice and beans have set on the steam table to long, dried out! Restaurant was clean, service was good. Doubt I'll ever go back, not impressed!
4	Macayo's isn't a bad place for a sit down Mexican restaurant. They certainly do have their marguerita specials!Since they don't have any actual vegetarian options, I went with a salmon and vegetable dish with refried beans (because whole beans are bs in my opinion). It was pretty good, and everyone I was with was happy with what they got.As I say just about everywhere, I would like to see some actual vegetarian options that aren't: cheese items, fish items, egg items, or all onions and peppers/rice and beans. Real vegetables, no fillers or condiments piled onto nothing. Its pretty easy to find vegetarian dishes in Mexico, I don't know who it is so hard to find them at Mexican restaurants. Just sayin...
4	There were six of us for dinner on a Saturday evening so we made advance reservations.  We were seated the moment we walked in the door and our server, Christopher was there a moment later.  Before I discuss the food or anything else let me say that Christopher made the evening.  He was attentive, friendly, funny and helpful.  One of the best servers we have seen.Macayo's is an Arizona chain, so one should not expect "homemade" type food, and we didn't.  I grew up in Phoenix, not far from one of the original stores, which was called Woody's Macayo then, and ate there a lot.  The food is average, which is OK for a chain place.  I had the red chili, which was a little bland for my taste, but the meat was tender and cooked well, just not quite spicy enough for my palate.  We had internet coupons for a free appetizer, which was the spinach mini chimis, and there was not one for the table of six, but six free appetizers, one for each person!  They were excellent and filling, so most of us ended up taking half our regular order home with us for lunch the next day.  Everyone was pleased with their dinners, which were reasonably priced and very big, so the dinner out was very successful.  We have never been disappointed by a Macayo's store, and this one was no exception.  Good food with excellent service should always be a "go back" and this Macayo's will be the next time we are in Casa Grande.
4	The bartender was tasked with the bar, mixing drinks and the patio area.  There were bored servers that didn't volunteer to help out.  The patio was packed.  He did a great job though.  He even stepped up and supervised some of the bored wait staff to lend a hand.  Restaurant was not busy.  Hostess was doing her due diligence as well, helping out.The salsa wasn't to my palette, but the mixed drink was good.  The food was different, but the service was courteous.  There was some trash on the outside near the entrance.  Minus a star for having servers/waitresses complain in front of customers.
3	Fairly new to this part of the country and had not eaten at a Macayo's before. The Good: The Service was spot on and I really enjoyed the fried ice cream for dessert. The Bad: The rest of the food was kind of uninspired. The salsa they serve was very much like picante sauce out of a jar and not very flavorful. I ordered chicken fajitas and was kind of surprised when it arrived to see that it was just a sliced chicken breast laying atop a bed of sauteed onions. No green or red peppers, no tomatoes or any of the other vegetables you might see in such a plate. The side plate did have refried beans but no rice, a ball of sour cream and a ball of guacamole beside a couple of teaspoons of pico over a few scraps of lettuce. So while this was not awful it kind of depends on what you are looking for in a restaurant. If it is more important to you to be pampered by your server than the quality of the food you are putting in your mouth, then this might be the place for you. As for me, I will probably keep trying the other mexican options in Casa Grande.
2	I came in today purely because of location and proximity to other errands I had to run. When I walked in I was immediately and warmly greeted by a hostess who's name tag read April. I said hello back and let her know that I was just killing time while new tires were being put on my vehicle next door. She said great come on in and let's get you seated. She sat me, handed me my menu with a smile and said enjoy your meal. A++ for her, she was terrific. Moments later my server came and warmly greeted me too. The receipt says her name is Kelsey. I explained to her that I just wanted something small to pass the time. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful in helping me narrow my decision. Although I didn't voice my dissatisfaction with my meal she was very attentive to my needs throughout my dining experience. A++ for her too. What wasn't so good was the actual food itself. I ordered the beef taquitos. The shells were stale and chewy, not crispy and crunchy. Just awful. The beef wasn't any better as it was dry and lacked flavor. On the bright side the guacamole was decent. Actually it was the only thing that kept me from sending the dish back. So I asked for a side of sour cream and drizzled on some salsa from the complimentary chips & salsa. I made it work, but I was not really happy at all. So a bit later I get the call saying my truck is ready, I get my bill and I was shocked to see that the tiny ramakin of sour cream cost $2.00. Now it's as if they are trying to upset me on purpose. $2.00 for that little thing is ridiculous. Overall my service and hospitality was great - it's the only reason I'm giving two stars, but the food and certain price points leave a lot to be desired. I may or may not be back but I certainly won't be making it a destination place or referring friends.
4	The warm tapatillo sauce is really good!
3	Maybe I just caught them on a bad night, but the food was terrible. Came here on a Friday night at around 9:30. The waitress was nice, but kept disappearing for long periods of time. When the food finally came out it was cold, stale, and bland. Normally all friends rave about this place. One of the people part of my dining party let the manager know about the wait and food quality and he was totally understanding. Wasn't looking for a free meal, but he comped it. Great customer service, so I'll give them a 3, even though it should be a 2.5. Maybe I'll try it again for lunch one day.
3	The dining room was fairly busy, the servers had the production line system going (one seats you, one takes your order, another delivers your order, etc...)  It was me, my wife and my daughter.  The service was about what would be expected speed wise and the food was good.  I would go here again.
5	Stopped by for lunch.  Enchilada, nacho appetizer, Santa Fe salad - all three meals were enjoyed.  We definitely will come back for more.
2	I grew up in Phoenix eating at the various Macayo's stores, and have always thought it was a pretty good place to get Mexican food.  I don't know what was going on with this store today, but it was a very disappointing experience.  Six of us went in for a late lunch, about 1:30.  There were a few other tables filled, but nothing that anyone would consider to be busy.  Our waitress, Megan, was very pleasant, but the service was horribly slow for some reason.  She kept trying to smile and make excuses, like another big party, or a full bar, but we could see that was not the case.  It took ten minutes for our water to get there and twenty for drinks.  The food took another 30 minutes, so nearly an hour after we walked in were we able to eat.  In addition, the food was no where near what I have come to expect from Macayo's.  The food was so light on sauce we had to ask for extra enchilada sauce just to get it where it needed to be.  My red chili was tough and there was so little in my burrito I had trouble finding it.  This experience was very poor and I hope that it is not a sign of things to come with Macayo's.  If it is I will have to find another "go to" place for Mexican.
3	Food can be good hit or miss sometimes business speaks for itself not a bad review just not a good one
5	Always good food and good service, Margarita specials are the best!Close to our home, always friendly, lots of special. One of our favorites.
5	Really craving a good Mexican dinner, my husband and I decided to try Macayos.  We think we may have been here once last year, but the visit must have been unremarkable because neither of us can remember. However, we will remember tonight's visit. We've been traveling lately on our way from Ontario, Canada to spend the winter in Arizona and eating in various chains along the way and we decided to have a nice sit-down meal for a change.  This was excellent!  I took a gamble on the Sonora Enchilada sampler which consisted of three enchiladas, each with a different sauce and my choice of either black or retried beans.  I chose retried and they were delicious!   Piping hot (as was everything, which is a lovely change from most places) and topped with cheese, they were very tasty.  The bean and cheese enchilada was covered with red sauce which was mild, yet tangy.  The chicken enchilada was covered in their Baja sauce - a white, creamy cheese sauce with a little bite of Jalepeno in it - absolutely A1! And the third enchilada was filled with shaved beef and covered in a tangy green sauce.  Spanish rice was also on the plate but I was in piggy heaven at this point and rice was the last thing on my mind!  lol rick had one of their specials which included a taco, a burrito and an enchilada with re fried beans and rice as well.  His frozen margarita was huge, lovely and sour and went down very well!  We loved the Baja sauce so much we got some to go!  The service was excellent - our waitress was very busy but she checked on us often, was very pleasant and extremely helpful!  This is a place we will return to many times while we're here I'm sure.
