1	The location was next to my office.  I decided to check it out.  The waiting room smells like an ashtray (probably never been cleaned), the guy behind the counter wasn't very helpful, and not professional.  Oh and by the way, they DO NOT participate in any coupon offers sent by Meineke Corp.  Lame.  If you are out of choices, and must get your car serviced here, plan on leaving it there and heading over to the Dunkin Dounuts next door (where it's clean and where you won't be getting any weird vibe) and keep your coupons for another location.
1	I saw a coupon online for $50 off, so I called to get a quote on replacing my brake pads. I told him the make and model of my car, which is a fairly common non-luxury vehicle. He said he wouldn't know the cost until he saw it and I had to bring it in. He said it could be from $100 to $1000, but he wouldn't know until he did an inspection.
1	They tried to sell me an air filter, even though it was recently replaced. Came in with a coupon and they said it is not for the type of oil you need. Its crap like that that makes me think I am ready to find a new oil change place.
1	I've been to this Meineke a few times without issue, but one bad experience has lost me as a customer.I brought my car to this location for an oil change and was talked into getting a free tire rotation.The next time I drove my car (it had been about four days because I'd been travelling) I started experiencing a thumping sound from the driver's side front wheel. I brought the car in the next day to ask what could be wrong. The employees took the car to the back and 20 minutes later brought the car out, saying they had looked it over and it was fine - that perhaps I had a rock in my tire tread that was causing the sound. I tried to explain that I believed the problem was more serious than that but they were adamant that there wasn't an issue and sent me on my way.A week later, the noise was still there and the vibration appeared to be getting worse so I took my car to a PepBoys for a second opinion. Within five minutes they had lifted the car and discovered the lug nuts to be less than finger tight and the wheel was wobbling against the hub, damaging the wheel - unsafe for driving.After replacing the wheel with a spare, I brought the car back to Meineke to explain that the wheel had been reattached incorrectly by his team and it was damaged. The employee was rude to me, accusing me of driving on the wheel too long and asking "What I wanted him to do about it?!". I said at the very least I expected Meineke to replace the damaged wheel. He eventually agreed, albiet visibly frustrated and unapologetic. I was never offered a rental car for the two days they needed to keep the car, or more importantly, a single apology for sending me away in a car unsafe for driving.All that, and all I wanted was an oil change.
1	Awful  place. Don't go! They will rip you off. I had my car overheating and I had to stop at their location and get it fixed asap because I had to be at work that day. It was just the thermostat that needed to be replaced, and other mechanics will charge no more than 110$ for that. They told me that beside the thermostat the radiator hoses needed to be changed and I don't know what else. I agreed because I had no other choice at the moment. They charged me 360$, and told me that it will be an hour work. On the end it was 5 and a half hours of work. Totally DISHONEST mechanics. You don't want to go there if you want to save yourself lots of money and stress.
1	Awful. They don't accept coupons or honor adverted rates on their own building. Pushy to sell you things you don't need by describing the horrific fantastical situations you will encounter if you drive off their lot without purchasing their repairs (and I only went in for an oil change on a 2009 haha). Oh, and you'll need a long shower and a tetanus shot after visiting their waiting room. Yuck.
1	I stopped into Meineke yesterday because my battery was obviously about to die. Now, I should start by saying I used to live right by this Meineke and in the past they have always done a great job at a fair price. Yesterday however, they told me that my battery was bad, and I needed to take it back to wherever it had been installed as it was still under warranty. I had had it installed THERE, a few years earlier, but for some reason they had no record of it. I was told that without proof of this, it would be over $230 for a new battery installation. I don't know a lot about cars but I DO know that is insanely high for a new battery for my 2002 Toyota. I took it over to Fletcher Tires and they got me a new battery in 15 minutes for $90 and they were absolutely as nice as could be. I was hesitant to write this review as I have had good service in the past. However the attitude the one gentleman had and the huge price difference really rubbed me the wrong way, so consider yourselves warned!
1	I was hoping there was a 0 star rating because it feels wrong that there is any star next to their name.  Hhhhmm lets see my experience starts out with the employee in the lobby sitting down when I walk in and I patiently wait to be greeted and asked what I'm there for but he proceeds to look at me and walk into the shop and finish his tire rotation... after about 10 minutes I walk in to the garage and say "hello can you help me" he's of course annoyed I interrupted his work... He points to the 3 oil change choices & when I ask what the difference between basic, supreme and premium instead of speaking he again points to the sheet... uhhh thanks.  Long story short they will not accept the coupons they have from the website on the internet, in addition they will charge you $10 more than quoted because the oil they quote doesn't exist in anyone's engine, if anyone finds out what the "21 point inspection" is please educate their employees before you leave your car with them oh and don't expect a smile, thank you or even a sentence, they would rather stare at you like you're an idiot.  So all in all if you're one of those people who cut themselves because you enjoy the pain, by all means drop your car off at Meineke in Scottsdale.
1	No, no, no, no. If I could give 0 stars, I would. I flip this place off every time I drive past.Don't ask me why my dear other half thought this was a good place to take a classic car, but he did.  They charged $1000 for various things. I don't remember the details of part names, but here goes the original bill:- $400 worth of "It needs this, oh wait, no it doesn't, it needs THIS", AKA replacing the same parts twice and charging for their mistakes- $100 worth of useless bullshit- $500 for a rebuilt carburetor, that had been rebuilt several times already. Why not just rebuild the one in the car? (An original part from 1969, and avoid after-market parts on a classic car!)  Oh wait, that would be intelligent.He took the car home. The next day, it refused to start. Out of money, he let it sit quite a while before another attempt.We took it to Whitey's down the road, who diagnosed it as the carburetor dumping fuel (um, what, that was replaced.)  They were correct though. So, back to Meineke we went, on Whitey's suggestion, to confront them.Most auto parts are warrantied for a year. Or a certain mileage. Or something. This would have been within a year, and the car had been driven 10 miles since it was put in. A whole 10 miles. They were RUDE as hell, confrontational, and defensive from the get-go. They gave him the run-around about "I have to call the manufacturer and call you back", blah blah blah. The guy then began lecturing him on "Why did you take it somewhere else?! That may void the warranty."I got pissed at this, and piped up  "Why would he take it back somewhere that raked him for $1000 and plainly couldn't fix the issue? They only diagnosed it, they didn't work on it, so that doesn't void warranties."Of course this resulted in the nastiest glare I've ever gotten from a "customer service" representative, and of course the part wasn't under warranty after that.SCREW YOU, MEINEKE.
5	Under new ownership!!  Great customer service.  Took care of all my needs.  No hidden fees.  They didn't stop til the job was done right with no extra charge.
5	$15 oil change. These guys were cool. They actually said to me: "One high-mileage Nissan Sentra. Check." And that was it. They didn't ask me about filters or sell-me-up on nonsense. Great scene here. I'll come back.
5	Very friendly staff! Went in for the buy one get one free oil change! Definitely going back!
5	Richie and this group were amazing. My battery died while I was getting gas by their business. They tried to jump my battery and it failed. They tested it and it failed. unlike dishonest places they said let me call the place where you got the battery from and see if it's under warranty. It was under warranty. They took my battery out and had my new one delivered to their shop. Amazing service. They helped me out and didn't even have too. Thanks again Richie!
5	I can't say enough about the amazing customer service i got here! They care about their work and as a single woman I appreciate that they are honest and make sure my car is safe to drive. I'll be back for sure!
