3	Was with some friends headed to a roaring 20s event and we were way early, and one of my friends said hey let's check out this store, so we did. And the sign on the door says if you are under 18 you can get in with your parent.Well Cupid's Toy box offers dvds 4.99 or higher like my tip says, and the store is clean, but feels old, if that makes any sense,  You can find Halloween costumes 40% off  and all the fun plastic wear you have ever thought of wearing, you know dress up like Lady GaGa for a day.Oh and for you old schoolers on the discount table were VHS tapes for sale! They did have some toys, and let's be honest with the name Toy Box, I expected more toys and less clothes LOL but that's just me.  Over all it's a clean older shop that I am sure is frequented by stripers, though I don't know any stripers personally so I can't back that statement up, but this store seemed stocked with outfits and such for them.  Sometimes is an adventure when going out with my friends, never know where we might end up at.
3	My friends and I had an hour to kill before the Elite Great Gatsby Yelp Event. So they started whining that they wanted food. Then we drove by this sex shop and they wanted to go there and check it out. No food. No sex shop. No food. No sex shop. I finally said enough we are going to the sex shop and then getting something to eat and if they didn't like that I was turning the car around and we were going home.That settled we pulled into the parking lot. This place has definitely been here for awhile and it looked a little scary. One of the signs by the front door proclaimed they were picked one of the best in Phoenix and the other said if you are under 18 you need a parent to enter. Nice to know it is a family shop.So in we went. It was nice on the inside. Well lit and not creepy at all. But showed it's age a little and was definitely a local sex shop not some slick corporate store. They had plenty of lingerie and even some sexy costumes. There were bins of DVDs along one wall starting from $4.99 and up. Also buy one get one half off or buy two get one free. They had a fairy small toy selection. Only a few sex dolls and just a few whips. My friend grabbed a riding crop and genitally smacked my other friend on the butt. Feeling that she had not hit her very hard at all and to show her how it was done I took the riding crop and gave her a nice smack on the ass. Pop. That is how you do that. Laughter was had by all.Nothing was purchased on this little trip but many laughs and looking around. I probably won't be back but that is only because I don't live in this area but if you do stop in it is a nice local sex shop. Give it a shot and don't be embarrassed. Everybody does it.We were sad that they had no eatable underwear in stock.
2	Of course driving by the name caught my attention, so why not!? After checking in with some adventerous friends, I noticed the placed lacked in reviews and thought I'd be the first, but leave it to those experienced Elite to lead the way! The place was small and lacked in an abundance of  love toys as the name implies, they did have plenty of cute outfits, and costumes ranging in sizes from small, super small to Xtra small and some  super high heels that would challenge even the most experienced of dancers! Prices seemed affordable for even the average "working girl" , but don't worry guys they had costumes and colorful undercarriage for men too! Although they did advertise great deals on DVDs it was the outdated VHS tapes and reading material that caught my attention, ! No purchases were made, I've seen and experienced better and after a crack of the whip we were off to find our next adventure...
