4	If you're looking for vintage video games, this is a great place to check out. They stock pretty much every system and even have demo consoles set up to play inside!If you're just trying to recreate those childhood memories, the selection is amazing with prices being on the upper end of reasonable. If you're a collector of vintage games, keep in mind the store is too and their prices reflect the time and effort they have put into acquiring items. I haven't been to the other location, but the staff seem very knowledgeable and helpful at the Bell Rd. store. Great place to check out!
5	I like Fallout Games they're a hole in the wall place where all your retro gaming needs are . They carry old consoles and games from all generations, handhelds, and interests. You can even stumble into obscure things like Game&watches. Not too mention most accessories like memory cards and controllers. Fallout games also have some collectable items here and there that are reasonably priced, actually everything there is reasonably priced. Frankly I'm surprise they're still in business with the killer deals they offer.I can't speak for the other locations, but the employee's at this location come off a little socially awkward. They never really speak up or come off as friendly until you start  really getting nerdy with them. That's not a big deal however because I'm mostly there for buying than socializing. And they are helpful. If you're in the market for old consoles and games, Fallout Games is the place to go. Plus, you'd be supporting a local small business and not those crooks at gamestop. Btw, they also carry new titles for most games but in limited quantity.
4	I have now been to this establishment 2 times. One was to buy a usb snes controller to hook up to my mac. The other was because my SNES original machine has a power plug ripped out of the rear. I took it in and the guys in house fixed it for me on the spot. Just cost me $10 for a new power adapter. This is a small mom and pop like store and I really respect that. Customer service is great and they have a HUGE selection of "vintage" games.
5	I've been to this location multiple multiple multiple times. These guys never let me down. They're always informative, always have good conversation, the prices are phenomenal and they're incredibly accommodating.Every single time I've gone they have always went the extra mile to make me feel like I'm at home.This isn't your Bookman's where you're just left to your own devices; these guys will help you out and they will go to whatever lengths it seems like they need to go to to make you happy.I can without a doubt say that I am going to be a permanent customer.
5	I have been coming to this store for years. I try to do all of my video game shopping with them for a couple reasons. Their game prices beat GameStops prices. If you find it cheaper of GameStops website they will beat it. I would match rather support a local company than a huge chain. Never once do I ever feel pressured to buy anything or to be asked to sign up for some club card. Not do I get asked 3 or 4 times if I want to pre order this hot new game that's coming out. They have a fantastic supply of vintage and old school consoles. Knowledgeable staff and an overall fun environment. If your looking for great prices on current games or just want to get a little nostalgic, head on down to Fallout Games. They will take care of you.
4	I'm always a sucker for local video game stores.I've lived in places dominated by GameStop and EB Games... and I used to love frequenting them... when they were smaller and far less corporate. Over the years though, those individual stores started losing their spirit, their individual management that made them feel like local stores of their own. Now they're just filled with half-meant smiles and trained-speeches. It's hard to get a real, honest, individual opinion out of the workers of these places without knowing they've been a bit brainwashed with what they know.Which is why I started avoiding them and started aiming for local video game stores.I came to visit my partner in Arizona and wondered, "Hmm... she goes to GameStop a lot... but is there a store near her that's local AND worth going to?"Lo and behold, I find this place.It's certainly awesome. Now, I've seen larger selections elsewhere, I've seen better store conditions and organization elsewhere, I've seen better forms of self-advertisings and community-building strategies in other areas...But if you want the best in AZ when it comes to local video game stores - as in a place that JUST focuses on video games and knows their stuff (both old school and new school): You're going to want to come here.A perk? They'll match GameStops' prices, if not beat them entirely.Outside of that... what I CAN say I'm very surprised by and applaud them for: They have the largest selection of darn-good used games I've seen in any local video game store. It's not often when you'll see extremely-popular old games or even underground-hit niche titles still in stock in a place that isn't eBay. But there's actually a good chance you'll find it here! Other local game stores I've been to? These things are often SOLD OUT immediately.But here, you might find that they own TWO copies, if not more, of what you didn't know you were looking for.In Arizona? Want a video game store that feels like it's actually run by a video game enthusiast that doesn't just spout advertisements? Look no further, step on in.
5	How have I not written a review for Fallout Games?!This place is awesome! So many selections of games - new and OLD! I'm talking - they have Sega Genesis games! SCORE! The staff is friendly and very helpful. I love stopping in here just to see what they currently have in stock. Sometimes, you can find some pretty rare, sought-after games. Love this store!
5	OK so I have been wanting to stop here for awhile and last night I finally made it there to check them out. I am an old school gamer and love me some NES and use eBay quite a bit but this place is my new go to for vintage gaming. I bought three NES games one was $2 one was $3 and the big money one was $10! I was also able to buy some accessories for my second NES system score!! I was only looking at original NES stuff but I saw lots of newer games and systems and it seemed like a really good mix of new and old games and accessories.  What blew me away was the Atari 2600 games on a wire rack they were selling talk about a blast from the past! The staff was friendly and found me what I wanted for very reasonable prices and they are really really into video games. Overall very nice place to pick up vintage stuff knowledgeable staff and good prices. Will definitely be going back for more NES stuff. On a side note the guy cleaned one of my NES games even though I take them apart and clean them myself he did a good job and was no charge to me!
4	Came in here to get a game last week for a gift. Didn't notice the prices being any less than a big store. They did have a lot of older and used games if that's what your into.
4	There are only 3 locations, but well worth the drive if you don't happen to live nearby. Plenty of things you're not going to find at places like GameStop; when I needed a GBA SD charger and a GBA-GCN link cable and Bookmans turned up dry, someone directed me to Fallout and I have never been disappointed. There will be things that you often can't find there, like newer games and consoles sometimes, or the rare, obscure game we wish we had never traded for store credits (Custom Robo, I made a grave mistake, I'm sorry...).I was greeted by friendly staff and had pleasant conversations about, of course, video games old and new. Every time I go I have a blast looking through this time capsule. I would definitely recommend I you're looking for something old, but can't guarantee that you will find any new consoles or games that you want.
5	I went in to purchase a game I had been looking for ( Pokemon leaf green) and they had it! For less then Amazon! They also replaced the battery inside the game  it's self so I could use time based events. I have   to say thank you for this great gaming experience.
