1	You get what you pay for is the best way to describe this place.  We made the mistake of waiting until Memorial Day Weekend to get our mani/pedis and EVERYTHING was booked.  We tried to push them to their creative limits which were just not what we were looking for unfortunately.  The women working were plenty nice I just prefer a little more.....quirk.  It's been a week and my nails are chipping and have the little "crackle" on the tips.  I do the gel mani's so they typically last me for anywhere from 3-4 weeks!  I'm disappointed, but not surprised.  I will forever travel to Pink Polish in Chandler for my favorite girls to do my mani/pedis! :)
1	Wow they are terrible... Definitely live up to their reviews. I went once & had a bad manicure but thought maybe it was an "off day" and also it's the closest nail salon to my house... so I went back & had a manicure & pedicure... HUGE MISTAKE it was terrible it looked like a child did it! I had them done over at another nail salon & they laughed when they saw them. Never again.
5	We had a great girl's day doing nails! Competitively priced. They do a good job pampering you and deliver quality results. Tina is my favorite but there are a bunch of good technicians to choose from.
5	I absolutely love this nail salon!  The quality of their work is amazing & very quick too.  Awesome attention to detail.  I've had no issues whatsoever with this place.  I get the gel acrylic nails, pedicure, & eyebrow waxing.  All of the technicians are great but my absolute favorite is Tina.  All I do is show her a picture of how I'd like my nails to look & she does them just like the photo.  Very impressive job.  I always get tons of complements.  Thanks Scottsdale Nails & Spa, keep up the great work.  I highly recommend this salon, you won't be disappointed.
1	I was really looking forward to a pedicure, relaxing, getting a bit of massage and pampering.What I got was thrown in a chair, a 30 second foot soak in room temperature water followed by a 28 minute treatment and rushed out the door. A party of 6 had an appointment and my guy had to switch fromme to them and I really feel I got shafted. Maybe this isn't typical of their service but I was extremely disappointed and will not be going back.The owner who took my payment at the end didn't even ask how everything was or I would have spoken to him directly. What a lousy experience.
4	So I received a gift certificate for a pedicure here after I vowed not to return. Boy does the tech make the difference. I had Tina this time and experienced a relaxing, pampering massage, a lot of tlc and attention to detail unlike my previous visit.Really nice service that completely altered my view on the place. I will be back (only with Tina) and hopefully a few of the other techs take note of these reviews.
4	I got a full set of almond shaped nails here and they came out perfect. I was skeptical based off of the inside appearance just being average, but the technician (Tommy) who did my nails was nice. $45 before tip for a full set with gel, ($5 extra for almond shape) not bad. I also had him apply a few of my gems that I brought not sure if he charged for that. I'll be back.
5	Great place! Everything is new, bright and clean. I got the deluxe pedicure with the paraffin treatment and massage. So relaxing, and my feet are soft as a baby's bottom! Prices are affordable and I was accommodated without an appointment. Will definitely come again next time I am in Scottsdale!
