3	Yay Bank of America! Not really. But it's the bank I've been with ever since I've been in this country. It's apropos when you think about it.I can't say much about the interior and the face-to-face service. I've probably only been inside once. I usually use the drive thru ATM. Theirs uses that weird inline design where you have two machines in a row. So if you're in the rear ATM and the person in front of you sucks, you have to wait for them. Similarly, even if the front ATM is free, you still have to wait if there's a car at the rear machine.Other than that, it's A-OK. I'm only reviewing this for the FTR anyway.
1	This BofA drive thru is the stupidest shit i've ever seen! Why in the hell would you make two ATM'S together in one drive thru?! Why don't you make it next to each other and not in the same lane like 5 feet away from each other?! We waited in line to get cash for like 10 minutes because one guy was taking forever so it held up a whole line.STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!!
3	Standard Bank of America. Service was friendly and efficient. I came during lunch on a weekday and there wasn't a line like most other branches during that time. I was in and out after my transaction in less than 5 minutes. Overall, I had a pleasant and not out of the normal experience here.
1	ATM sucks. They built it by each other so if you're done and the one in front of you isn't .. good luck with waiting ..
2	Q: If you have 3 lanes set up for drive through, each of which are designed for 2 ATMs, how many drive through ATMs do you have total? A: If you are the Blue Diamond location of Bank of America, the correct answer is 2.
1	Hands down worst banking service i have ever had. I was second in line at the merchant teller window. There were 8 to 10 people waiting in line for regular service. After waiting a few min. a employee came up to me and informed me(not asked me) that two people were to be taken in front of me from the other line and that i would then get my turn. This was at E. Sahara location near Maryland Pkwy. But  B of A is consistent in poor service at there location on Eastern and Horizon also. Well good by B of A just two many straws for this old camel. My wife and I also have two personal checking that will also be closed along with my business account. But I'm sure I'm just a drop in the ocean to them.
1	The bank itself may be fine but for people who want to go to the drive up atm, be prepared to wait. There are 3 lanes right, and 2 atms, no prob.... But wait, BOTH of the atms are in ONE lane. Which means if you get behind someone using the atm in front of you doing multiple transactions when you just wanna pull some quick dough out of the machine, you will have to wait until the person in front of you is finished! Absolutely worst design I have ever seen! In fact, whoever thought of it should be neurologically checked out bc they may have 3 lanes w only one functioning! Gggrrr!!!
