4	Great coffee and a decent selection of sandwiches and salads. They also have a great terrace hidden in the back. You should give it a try!
4	On a snowy wintry day, Kahwa is my type of cafe. Wooden chairs and tables, couches in the back corner, string lights, enough space to move around comfortably--but small enough enough to still feel cozy. There's a big window to let enough light in the day, and fogs up just right to make you happy to be inside.I find their coffee to be a bit weak and watery. Last time I decided to give a latte a go here, but I was disappointed. It  felt like I was just drinking a big bowl of warm milk. No thanks. Their date pastry and baklava is pretty good, it's a nice change of pastry options which I really like.They have a pretty decent selection of Kusmi teas, drinks and desserts. Although I often visit the cafe, I make an exception for mediocre coffee because of the nice ambiance, reliable wifi and friendly barista.
3	I loved this place more for its decor than its coffee. Lots of wood, very eclectic and definitely has lots of personality. They also have a small, cozy terrace out back. For those of you who don't like coffee, Kahwa also offers a selection of Kusmi and LOV tea. I ordered a latte that was so/so. It was a little too bitter for my taste somewhat lacking in flavor. It wasn't what I would call,  tasty (I like tasty!). As well, the guy behind the counter (owner, maybe?) wasn't very friendly. I found him to be a little dry.
4	Didn't stay here long but I got the Vanilla Hot Chocolate to go! It really enjoyed it!The decor is quite unique! It's a really cozy coffee place! Staff were very friendly and engaged in conversation with us, which made me feel like we were more than customers!They also have a nice terrace in the back! Btw, "Kahwa" in Arabic means "coffee"! Just thought you should know that :) haha
4	A cosy little coffee shop with eclectic decor. The coffee is decent, the vibe is relaxed, they have a nice little terrace out back, what more to ask for? Oh and they have interesting mugs. Its the details like this that make me really enjoy a place. I like it best for sitting out on the back terrace, enjoying a little sun, drinking a beverage.  It's as close to a back yard as I'm getting for the moment.I find service is hit or miss depending on who is working the counter. Sometimes its super friendly, sometimes a little dry. No matter, the coffee and the vibe are why I choose to stop in.
4	This place makes a mean chai latte! If only their snacks tastes a bit better then I would totally change the rating to 5 stars. I love their cool decor and not-too-loud French music playing in the background. The owner is super nice and smiley as well. I can easily spend an afternoon here just reading or chilling with a friend. Oh yea...They also have a little stash of glass bottled sodas in the mini fridge at the corner of the counter! Trying new soda flavours is always fun :D
4	Love stopping here for coffee with my husband after a ride around Mt Royale, especially after those multiple hills. We always stop by after our rides when we visit Montreal. The cafe is cute, sunny and clean and the staff is friendly. The coffee taste great, aka never burnt. Had the latte and americano before and both were nice. Love the math and physics writings on the wall.
2	Middle eastern/arab friendly coffee shop, the guy behind the counter was rude, not respectful and unfriendly, I'm sorry, I'll go elsewhere on the Plateau spend my money or in the Mile-End with the hispters! My americano was good though. Free wifi here!
