4	People were impressed by the other business I added (Four Friends Brewing), so I'm hoping the same holds true for Hall Family Farm.Did you know there is a farm left in Ballantyne?  While it may not have animals roaming around these days except for a few chickens (free range eggs - yum), you can still get produce when in season.  The thing it is most known for, however, is the pick your own strawberries.  They typically are open for them from mid-April to late May.  This is their 3rd year growing berries, and I have to say they are the best I've had locally.  You can bring your own container and they cost about $2 a pound.  They are very juicy and fresh, and it is now almost impossible for me to eat grocery store strawberries.It doesn't end there though, there are some kids activities too.  They also sell honey from the bee-keeper next store.  It tastes like strawberries, but also helps with allergies.  The owners of the farm are very nice too.  They may not be organic, but they use used vegetable oil for fuel in their tractors.  Hall Family Farm is usually open for pick your own berries from mid-April to late May/early June.  If you are going to go out of your way to get to it., call to see how the picking conditions are.  It's easy to get to - take 485 to Johnston Rd head south 1 mile and turn left - it's right there.  Go to the site above for more info.
4	Springtime, it's strawberry season.  You have a few choices, you can go to the Harris Teeter and buy the ones in a clamshell that have probably been picked on the west coast and processed commercially or you can go to a local, family owned farm that grows them right in their backyard.  Halls setup is simple, drive up and grab a box and go out into the field and pick your own right off the vine.  What a concept!  The strawberries are growing everywhere, it takes time to find the good ones and it's all fun.  When your done, if you have brought the kids the fun still continues because they have little bikes, wagons and games for the kids to play.  The area where you check out, has many other offerings such as cider, jam, slushies and this years new addition....wait for it, funnel cakes!  These type of places are just plain awesome.  Good, wholesome and inexpensive entertainment.  Their strawberries are delicious and it's a good idea to support local anyway so it's a win win for everyone.I have also been there in the fall time for the corn maze and pumpkin picking which is also a good time.  Substitute the word pumpkin for strawberry above and the review would be the same.
4	I love having Hall Family Farm so close, especially this time of year for fresh strawberries.  I am very particular about my berries, and these were great.  All of the recent rain has kept them from being perfect.The farm itself is really easy to find.  Great activities for kids and families.  Due to heavy picking the day before I went, I just stopped in to buy already picked berries.  They were displayed beautifully and I also picked up some Muscadine Cider - AWESOME!
5	I did the Corn Maze on a Saturday night last year; it was so much fun. I hope to get out here more--not just for Halloween. But I am sure the clock is ticking because it is too good a thing and it shall inevitably be sold and replaced by treeless lots of soulless cookie-cutter homes or something else that is not nearly as worthwhile.
5	The family loved this farm. We went for the corn maze and it was large, challenging, and so much fun, even with a four year old and a 8 month old. There are many free kid games, toys and rides that keeps the entertainment going and going. Will definitely come again next year for a new corn maze.
5	What a great little farm and so much fun for kids! They had a huge slide, tricycles, soccer balls, bouncy balls, a huge sandbox with trucks, a water pump game with ducks, a children's maze and that is all free! They also have hay rides every 30 minutes or so, an adult corn maze that kids can do with you and of course the pumpkin patch. Lots of really big pumpkins, funnel cake, homemade breads, pies, jams, etc. My 3 & 5 year old boys had so much fun with the free stuff we almost forgot to get a pumpkin (: We will definitely be back!
3	Cute spot and lots of fun for the kiddos.  However, when we went out to the pumpkin patch to pick pumpkins, I saw one sitting in the field with a sticker on it from a store, complete with bar code.  I don't mind paying a little extra for locally grown pumpkins, but I am not paying $12 for a pumpkin they paid $4 for at Walmart!  I immediately put our pumpkins back.  I know they grow pumpkins there, you could see the vines, but if you sell them all, it feels wrong to me to supplement your inventory with store bought ones!
