5	Sylvia did my wedding dress alterations and was fabulous! I called her 5 days before leaving for our destination wedding, as I wanted to add a corset back, last minute decision. I took the dress in at noon and she had it done in 4 hours. Really!!?? Yes, really. Wow, is all I can say. She has been in the business for a while and knows what she is doing. She is easy to communicate with and a very sweet lady. Thank you Sylvia!
1	This Place is a JOKE. the person working for the owner doesn't even speak English. We  went in here to get some pants hemmed. We were there on Saturday and told her that we needed them on Tuesday. She didn't understand, and made us point to the calendar. She wrote the wrong day on our ticket and we were going out of town the next day. When we went in on Tuesday to tell her she said to come back that night @7pm, knowing that they closed at 6.  Of course we went back, and of course no one answered the door. They charged you 5 dollars for a rush fee, which is bunch of crap when it wasn't going to be rushed anymore. When I went to go pick up the pants a week later, she said I needed to pay her, when we paid her already. I then had to tell her again on what day we came then she grab a book and saw I paid, but never put it on our ticket. How can you run a business who doesn't even speak English.?It's like talking to the wall. Then when you call this place the owner will answer which she speaks perfect english. I will never used this place again.
1	Had Sylvia do a build up for my wedding dress we had ALOT of problems...  When we came in after describing what my mom and I both thought was a well detailed explanation it wasn't what I was expecting at all... My dress is IVORY and the fabric she used to do the build up was BRIGHT WHITE. Now that may not sound like a big difference but when put right next to each other it's a big difference. Also the sleeve she did didn't look at all like what I wanted. My dress also has some different angles in the bust and the build up was not following these angles. We told her the problems and she had an excuse for everything. She would say it couldn't be done but my mom and the wedding dress place owner explained that it could be done and how to do it. I ended up going with a different sleeve for less stress. and about the fabric? Yeahhhh my mom had to go get the right fabric to show her you can find ivory. We found it at Joann's which she said she wasn't able to find..Long story short the build up was ok but my mom ended up bringing the dress home and having to finish it off. For over $400 she should not have had to finish her job. If you are doing any kind of build up I would DEFINITELY suggest finding someone else to do it. Not pleased.
