5	I recommend this shop highly!  I just got my car back today, and the work they did was fantastic.  One of the things I like the best about my car is the beautiful paint job, so I was a little fearful of having this work done.  But, there should be no worries at all.  The work was done on my fender and bumper and the match is perfect!  The staff members were friendly and professional and the work was fabulous!
5	I recently was in an auto accident.  My insurance company sent me to Invision auto body.  The general manager, Kyle was very easy to work with. I gave him a time frame for the repairs, as I was heading out of town.  He had it done  exactly when he said he would.  The work was done beautifully and they gave me a warranty on their work. I wouldn't go ant where else. These guys are great. If you need any body work on your car, go there, I recommend them highly!
5	I ran into a guy and smashed my truck. (It was his fault). Luckily I knew about this place because my friend had had his car repaired here. What a lucky break! They took great care of me from beginning to end. They did great work, and above all they are TRUSTWORTHY!  What more can be said?
5	I have had work done on my car and have referred friends and family to Invision Auto Body.  In every instance the quality of the work has been great.  The great service started when I walked in the door and talked to Brian Hosford.  Brian followed my repair from beginning to the end.  He was fantastic.
5	When a car accident happens and repairs are needed many hands are working on the vehicle and sometimes confusion and lack of communication ensues. NOT at INVISION! From start to finish the process is seamless. Communication is never lost as I have found in the past. What a great group of people to trust with my damaged car.
5	Brian and the invision body shop team are great people. they are reliable and repuable. I like the turn around time and communication they provide.
5	Wow! What can I say about Brian and Kyle at Invision. I have had my vehicles repaired there and they do a fantastic job. Not only was it a great looking repair they did it in a very timely manner. I am also an insurance agent and was so impressed by their work, their VERY NICE shop, the fact they are locally owned since 1975, and great customer service. I have started referring all of my clients there and even put one of their cards on every ID card I send to my clients so they know where to take their cars when the get in an accident. Great job guys
5	I just picked my car up this weekend. Kyle and the rest of the team at Invision Auto Body did an amazing job. I could not be happier with the quality of work performed on my vehicle. Kyle kept me informed throughout the process. I will definitely take my vehicles to them should unfortunate events happen in the future.
5	Awesome folks. Always willing to help find ways to make your experience better. I always go to them whenever the rare fender bender happens.
5	Kyle and his crew are great. Kyle is very helpful in explaining everything upfront and honestly regarding the condition and options that are available for fixing up your car. The shop is also very nice and clean and they have a great and relaxing waiting area too.
5	Had some stuff needed to be fixed. I went back to Invision and they did the usual great job. Told me everything up front and worked together with my insurance. What a great place.
5	Great shop. Great people. Highly recommended. Pleasure to do business with and real professional work.
5	I have 4 cars in my family and this place has seen all 4 at one point or another. They never disappoint. Ask for the manager Kyle. He's excellent at communicating and he's upfront about everything. They respected my time and worked well with my insurance company. This our family's body shop for life!
