4	i'm not a creole food expert; i've never been to new orleans; my only exposure to this way of cooking is new orleans takeout. so imagine my happiness when a cajun place opens up 3 blocks from home!as soon as i got over the fact that i couldn't compare the two, i remained elated. bab's blackened catfish po' boy is pretty darned good. however, if you're the opposite of me (a creole expert), you might be disappointed in the lack of "blackened" flavor. i'm a fan of tasting the fish with a hint of seasoning. the soft, french roll holds the flavor of the butter sauce nicely, though i sometimes wish there was a smaller bread-to-insides ratio.i've also tried the shrimp and regular catfish po' boys. i wasn't too impressed; i couldn't taste the fish or seasoning. it was just breading and grease. and butter. and bread.the dirty rice is simply a bowl of white rice with sausage and green onions mixed in. the person who ordered it made a "meh" face after trying it. however, the gravy fries got two thumbs up for flavor and sheer awesomeness.so, i order takeout from bab's at least once every other week and the catfish, service, and speed have remained consistent.as of last night, they're still open tues-sat 11a-11p, and frequently feature at least one person in the front window playing music.
3	The gravy fries are definitely good - super crispy and I like how the gravy doesn't overwhelm the fries or make them soggy.  Although, I don't understand why they need 5-6 types of fries on their menu?  The BBQ shrimp side was really disappointing.  They weren't even BBQ'd, they were more like boiled and then coated with some seasonings and sat in this unpleasant sour sauce.  I was also disappointed with the catfish po'boy - I think I'll try the cajun chicken sandwich next time.  We also had the cole slaw which was served in a cereal sized bowl and was ok but not great (we hardly ate any of it actually).  The one thing that did make me really happy here was the slice of pecan pie with whipped cream...mmm...
2	Let's start by saying that I have been to New Orleans a few times, so my standards are higher than most.  I think our friend Babs needs to stop using Sysco brand food and start working with higher quality ingredients.  She also should concentrate on the dishes she is best at.    We had the red beans and rice, with sausage as one of our dishes.  The temperature of the dish was not hot enough.  The beans weren't spicy.  The other dishes just lacked that "umph" that you get in NOLA.  Even here in Wisconsin, we should be able to produce food that has a little pizazz!  The spicy shrimp I got weren't even browned.  They just had some sauce on them.  It wasn't good.  Period. Frankly, I would recommend driving to Milwaukee and hitting Crawdaddy's if you want a taste of New Orleans.
4	We went to Bab's feeling a bit skeptical due to the reviews we read here on Yelp and in the comments of a review we found through google but decided it was worth the risk because we had a $25 off gift certificate from restaurant.com. Though we were rather skeptical due to the ratings here on Yelp, we were actually rather impressed. Everything we ordered was delicious, the waiter (also the owner I believe) was super friendly, and the prices were very good considering the large portions. The only thing I can think of that I didn't like was how dark the dining area was and how loud they had the music blasting. It was almost hard to keep our conversation going sometimes.Anyway, negatives aside...if the food is always that tasty I would definitely go back!
5	Get your butts down there and try the friday fish fry with a hurricane.  Or I love the blackened salad ANYTHING.  A lot of people are partial to the Po-boys.  Babs is so fun and friendly.  It is really laid back.
