4	Good service, short wait.  Very convenient for where I work, but beyond that the mechanics are friendly with maintenance recommendations but no pushing.  And believe me I've dealt with pushy mechanics.
2	Good service, pretty quick - but a total ripoff if you're looking for anything but a top - to - tails oil, fluid, filter change and detail experience. I'm a do-it-yerselfer on a lot of car stuff, so I wanted to come here for a simple oil change, and was told that that was not an option. I ended up spending 90 bucks for the whole shebang, and although the car looked great when they were finished (had an hour to wait that day, but Pappa's was withing walking distance, win!!) the fact that I wasn't given more options as to the level of service I required pissed me off.
2	Remember the Draw Bridge? Well that's where this place sits. This place is a rip when it comes to prices. Do it yourself for 18 bucks or spend 50 here. There is an upside though, the inspectors are kinda lax so you can usually slide through with a little bit of tint and what not. *wink! Don't hold me to that, it's just been my experience in the past. They have very friendly employees. If you do go here, walk up to the moose and order a Philly cheese steak, it's not on the menu but they do have one that's on fire.
4	The guys at Xpress Lube do a great job and are super friendly. While some people have commented that it's pricey, for the service you get, it's not bad at all. A full-service oil change, including a nice vacuuming of the interior, is less than $40. Not bad for 15 minutes and getting exactly what you came for. They even turned off that annoying dashboard light that so many places overlook and showed me my air conditioning filter. I have NEVER had a quick change place check that before. And, while I didn't want to spend the $29.99 to have it replaced, it was comforting to know that they were that thorough. Another thing that set them apart in my book was their honesty. I very recently replaced my engine air filter. Places I've been before would try to tell me it was dirty just weeks after I had replaced it. These guys noted that it looked new and didn't need to be changed. A+ for that!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick, quality oil change.
2	Short wait, and they did change my oil, so that was good.  But I won't go here again and this is why: They "inflated" all my tires to 34 psi, even though they are rated for a higher pressure, and were in fact inflated to the proper, fuel saving pressure before the oil change.  By the time the guy came in the waiting room and told me that they had inflated all my tires to 34 psi, they had already rolled my car out, so it was too late.On top of all that, they're not cheap, and they do that annoying thing where they try to sell you new air filters, trans service, yadda yadda yadda.
5	All of the staff was extremely friendly and helpful! I only went to get my oil changed and they did so much extra for no extra cost (vaccumed the inside of my car, washed the windows, added air to my tires,  topped off my fluids). They were just really great overall!!!
5	I've been to a lot of quick change oil places in the QC. Never twice. That will change now. Super clean, ice cold air, friendly and efficient, plus Wi-Fi.
4	Is it that time already? I've only had the car for 4000 miles and I figure it's that time again. The state of California is trying to reduce the frequency that people get oil changes - wander over to http://www.checkyournumber.org/But here we are with a Valpak coupon (they have a $5 check-in offer on some sites) and I'm probably the first customer in for the day. Friendly enough greeting and they asked me if I wanted to wait since it would only be 15 minutes. I decided to wander around the corner for breakfast instead.They called me 15 minutes in with the usual upgrade offers (cabin air filter and transmission fluid flush) but I put the kibosh on that. Other than the slight sales attempt, the service was professional.The car was clean and everything looks good. No complaints at all. Would I come back? Probably.
5	Very nice! Quick easy and good price. They even vacuumed my car for me! Will def be coming here again!
4	Went in on Saturday morning, and was out within 35 minutes, or the time it took to read the morning paper (which was laid out in the waiting room). Efficient service and yes, they will be asking you about some potential additional services, but you do have the right to say no. When one of the mechanics came in and asked my about my fuel filter, it was non-invasive. Didn't feel any pressure or anything like that.Will definitely be taking my car back here.
5	My second time visiting this location. First time for an oil change that was done professionally and quickly, this time for a nail in my tire; my car was ready in less time than it took for me to finish a story in the paper they so courteously lay out each morning.  Highly recommended.
5	Fast quick service! My first time here took down my name address and asked if I wanted to use conventional oil or something else. Waiting room was please and clean, weren't too pushy with the filters and other stuff they try to sell you. They also vacuum out your interior and wash your window which is always a plus , overall good service I will continue to come here if I'm in the area.
5	My boss refuses to replace two former employees and I am stuck doing the work of three positions. Getting out of the office to even pick up fast food and eat at my desk is a challenge, the idea of setting aside a whole hour (at least) to have my car serviced is unheard of! Luckily, I had an appointment to have my teeth cleaned right up the street from Castrol so I decided to drop my car off before my appointment in hopes it would be somewhere close to finished by the time my appointment was over. I was greeted promptly, asked a few simple questions about the service(s) I needed, and allowed to leave my car to walk next door for my appointment. Within ten minutes of leaving my car, I received a call that my car has passed inspection with the exception of a bulb being out. I was asked if I would like for them to go ahead and replace it, and given an estimate. When I returned to Castrol, not only was my car completely finished (unheard of in that amount of time if I'm using my past experiences at mechanic shops as a gauge), the check out process was a breeze, and my invoice matched the quoted price exactly! I LOVE finding a place that is thorough, efficient, and not only upfront about cost of service- but actually sticks to it. I will definitely be returning after such an great first impression!
5	Love, love, love this place.  They have been in business 18 years, and I have been a customer that long too!   I began having my car serviced here when I lived in the neighborhood, and since I still work nearby, I continue to patronize Xpress Lube.  They have changed oil brands 3 times during their tenure, but the staff remains almost unchanged.   Knowing that the same experienced staff service and inspect my vehicle makes me feel a lot more comfortable.  My service is done within 20 minutes each time with courtesy and professionalism.  It's also a great sign that their business is steady.  Many times I meet a familiar face in the waiting area.  They also send me regular coupons for $5.00 and even honor the coupon if I forgot it or it is expired.  The location is great too because I can grab a bite to eat at one of the many places on Montford Dr. or walk up the stairs behind the building that connect me to Parktowne Village close to the Starbucks!
5	My new go-to oil change and inspection location.  Fast.  Friendly.  Don't try to oversell you on anything.  Give you options.  The waiting room is nothing special, but they do have wifi and you're usually not there very long, so I'm not sure it matters.
5	Okay this is my first time at CPL and I must say I felt like a "valued" customer crom the moment I put my car in park. The technician checked with me before performing any  changes and I wasn't bombarded with sales tactics. I was extremely pleased, saved $5 bucks, so it's a good day!
4	Went in for an oil change - they provided very straight forward, quick, dependable service. They greeted me as soon as I pulled up. I had a headlight out, which they checked with me before replacing. There were 3 people ahead of me, and I was in-and-out in about 40 minutes. The price was a little more than I had hoped, but well worth it for honest personnel and quick service.
5	I was back in at Castrol for an oil change and inspection yesterday and was just as impressed as I was on my first visit! Like last time, I left my car for an appointment I had down the street. I walked to the end of Montford and crossed Park, walked into the office for my appointment, and chatted with a gentleman in the waiting room for about five minutes before I got a call from Castrol letting me know my car had passed inspection and the oil change was complete. It hadn't even been half an hour! They were able to complete both of those things in less than the amount of time it has taken other places to just do one. It's like their motto is "we understand that not everyone has all day to hang out in a waiting room and watch the clock," which I am a HUGE fan of. Honest, competent techs and great customer service without trying to be upsold or taken advantage of? A+ in my book.
5	Seriously?! 5 stars?! Yes. They earned every star.They are the most efficient, polite, and professional car service shop I have been to. I went on the 23rd during my lunch hour with both lanes open and 3 cars deep, my car was serviced within 35-40 minutes tops, including an inspection.They not only change your oil and filters, they do some basic vacuuming and cleaning of the windows. I read that other reviewers think this is more expensive, but for what you get, I think it's great value and service for the time spent. You can wait there (approximately 6 chairs in the waiting room) or since it's in a great location you can walk to Starbucks or any other restaurant to briefly wait it out.
