2	Heads up: I haven't been in this location and don't even do my banking with PNC, so don't put much weight on this comment.  (I wouldn't if I was looking for a place to handle my money.)This place is a neighborhood eyesore - has to be the filthiest bank branch I've ever seen.  PNC is reasonably profitable, so why can't they spend a little cash to clean up their parking lot, plant some new trees (they let the current ones die), and pick up the thousands of cigarette butts from the front of their building?   I'm not asking for a renovation of the place, but a bank building should inspire confidence in what they're doing inside.  I wouldn't trust these guys with the bowl of pennies on my dresser.
1	All banks conduct legalized fraud, but PNC does it under the radar.  This review has been a long time coming, but unfortunately, you won't care what I say until it happens to you. :)  Let's start with ATM's, you wanna use one?  Then you better use a PNC or an extra $2.50+ fee will be added on top of what ever the other ATM charges you.  That's right, lets say your in Tokyo (only 1 bank in the heart of Tokyo will accept your card anyway,  all others will fail ) and they say $5.00 fee (in Yen), well PNC will tag on their own $2.50+ just because they can.  What dicks you say? well let me also say another thing about international travel.  DON'T USE YOUR PNC CARD INTERNATIONALLY.  PNC uses Visa which they decided to set a 3% charge too.  So spend $100 PNC will take $3, ON EVERY PURCHASE.  My previous international travel bank Fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.  Before you laugh and giggle about pocket change then picture this.  International at that you can only pull out up to $200 from, sub-track 10% (3%+ ATM Fees) of that and realize that it goes directly into the pockets of your financial institution, of which your money is supposed to keep afloat while they rob you blind any which way they can.Sheetz ATM surcharge free?  Think again, Sheetz won't charge you, but PNC will. .
