5	I moved last week on the day of the most rain in 40 years in PHX. I have used Atlasta before and loved them.  I can only say that these guys are as professional as it gets!  They take care with your belongings, protect the home and are just plan nice to boot.They work quickly and responsibly.  I am not certain where their rates are compared to their competetion becasue I truly did not care. They are worth every penny and then some. Our team was awesome, but the team I had last time was amazing as well. I have referred friends and relatives and eveyrone just raves about the customer service. From the estimate discussion right down to when they bring in the last box...World class customer service all the way!They are THE BEST!
5	Recently Paul and his crew moved our business to a new location. He and his crew were exceptional. Hard working and professional , they made the move very easy. I will have no problem recommending Atlasta Moving Co to anyone that needs to move, big or small Paul does it all.
5	Atlasta Moving Company is an incredible moving company. There is no other moving company as professional or proficient as Paul and his crew! We have a six bedroom home in Prescott that we decided to rent out un-furnished. First thing was to get all our furniture moved out and distributed between several other homes we own, two in Munds Park AZ (Flagstaff Area), and another one in Peoria AZ.  Included in the move was some very fragile items and a very endearing grandfather clock that needed special attention during the move. if your looking for a company like my wife and I were looking for -- with the Brains and Braun  "THESE ARE THE GUYS" Nothing was broken, everything was wrapped so perfectly and treated like it was their own. I can't say enough about how great these guys are. They went so out of their ways to please us, and in every aspect they succeeded
5	I used Atlasta over 2 years ago to move from Phoenix to California. Paul and his guys were WONDERFUL! They packed all of my belongings, the only thing that broke was a ping-pong ball!!! That's IT!!! So, I have NO complaints!!
