2	We'd been wanting to check this place out because every time we passed it the parking lot was full. The night we stopped by was no exception, it was a packed house. It's a cool 1950's-themed greasy spoon complete with jukebox. I went for the special, the Friday Night Fish Fry, but it was pretty lackluster and I wouldn't order it again. The milkshake was pretty good. It seems like the kind of place you go for the experience and not so much the actual food. For my money, I'd rather go to Monty's Blue Plate in Madison. It's very similar, but the food is better.
4	I have only been there once a few months ago and absolutely fell in love with their creamy rice soup. The food my family ordered was not bad either. I wouldn't say the best American food but they did not disappoint us. I would love to go back there for the rice soup but haven't made it so far. It was kids friendly and the waiters were very nice and friendly.
2	Well, correction to my previous review. I did go back there but they did not have the creamy rice soup I liked. The BBQ rips was not great. My hubby's BBQ is way better. My husband had a chili soup and he didn't like it either. Like the previous reviewer said this is the kind of place to you go for experience, not for the food. After a long water play, my kids usually eat anything but the didn't even finish half their order and came home still hungry.It was a disappointment but  I would go back there for their rice soup.
2	Well, correction to my previous review. I did go back there but they did not have the creamy rice soup I liked. The BBQ rips was not great. My hubby's BBQ is way better. My husband had a chili soup and he didn't like it either. Like the previous reviewer said this is the kind of place to you go for experience, not for the food. After a long water play, my kids usually eat anything but the didn't even finish half their order and came home still hungry.It was a disappointment but  I would go back there for their rice soup if they ever make it again
4	This place was really cute! The atmosphere is adorable and kitschy as all diners should be, and unlike the other reviewers I found the food to be quite good! The delivery was prompt and the food was tasty and classic. Monty's Blue Plate will give you a more gourmet approach to diner food but a place like Gus's has everything you expect in the way you expect it. I'm undoubtedly a city girl, but I appreciated their charm and tasty food. I'll probably come back when I'm looking for that genuine diner feel that's harder to find in a metropolitan area.
4	Good local, diner style food at pretty good price.
3	Gus's is the kind of place you go to for the experience rather than the food, and certainly not for the location if you live in downtown Madison like I do!Gus's is a perfectly adequate greasy-spoon diner that's well outside of Sun Prairie's "downtown."  The decor is reminiscent of a classic '50s diner (or at least, it does a passable imitation for those of us too young to remember the actual '50s), replete with jukeboxes at every table and a red-white-and-chrome color scheme.  The waitstaff are decently friendly and competent.  The menu, which includes a fun "In the '50s..." list of ZOMG EVERYTHING WAS SO CHEAP shockers, is huge and very unhealthy.  I greatly dislike the processed taste of the creamy soups, but the sandwiches, omelets and burgers are all tasty and beyond filling.  Avoid the chicken tenders -- a friend ate them once and they were inedibly salty.  The same friend pronounced the coleslaw "meh" (I assure you, he's a connoisseur -- I myself don't touch the stuff).  No one I've ever been there with has ever sampled the desserts.  If you choose to assuage your nagging conscience with the salad bar, you'll probably be a lot more disappointed than if you'd just gone for the Denver omelet... mmm.  Overall, it's the kind of food that hits the spot when you wake up late on a weekend day and realize you are starving.I'd probably have given it 4 stars, but the coffee kinda sucks.
3	Food was good, not great but not bad.  Atmosphere is fun and the service is decent.  Very large portions so you get your money's worth.  We go past it a lot, so I'd be open to going back.
3	We've stopped in on our way out of town a couple of times.  The food is pretty crappy, but I'll take it over McDonald's any day!  You have personal juke boxes in your booth, which is pretty cute but we've never gotten it to work correctly :(    It's diner food; the meatloaf sandwich was pretty good, and the burgers not bad.  The fries were not very good but the milkshake was wonderful!  If you're in the area stop in.
4	I love the atmosphere in this place. Very fun but service has gone down lately.
2	1.)  The table side juke boxes don't work right2.)  The food is what every person who wants a heart attack eats on a regular basis3.)  No way you're picking up any hot guys under 80 here (I settled for Bob who lives on a stool at the counter.  Go Viagra!)
4	This is pretty much standard diner fare  for the food - good portions for your buck. Don't miss the pancakes for breakfast - they beat the pants off Perkins for sure. Get over the JUKEBOXES - there's too much noise in this joint to hear each and every one anyways. Burgers and desserts are great as well. Its pretty apparent much of everything else is out of a container or box. Not much of anything is from scratch that I can tell.
4	Love this place.  The food could be a notch better--for instance, not using those crappy, over-breaded, packaged, frozen cheese curds--but the burgers are outstanding and the breakfast menu is solid.  A few things could use a touch more flavor, but overall, better than most places.
4	Gus's has quickly become our go-to breakfast place in Sun Prairie! The service is friendly and usually pretty quick.It's a 50's style greasy diner, but there are some decent breakfast options if you want to stick to healthier choices. Their omelettes and scramblers are great - the greek omelette is our favorite! If you don't want the extra calories, they are very nice about customizing the order to your preferences.Order off their breakfast menu - their lunch/dinner options haven't impressed us.
2	Gus started out impressing me.  We have been there four times.  Each time got progressively worse.  The quality of the food steadily went downhill.  I do not believe I'll be going to Gus's again.
4	Great 50's style diner.  My wife and I go here at least twice a week.  We really like the salad bar and their breakfasts are awesome. My 2 favorite things to get are the corned beef hash skillet and the country fried steak and eggs.  The best thing I found here is that you get a lot of food for the money. I don't know many places where you can walk out stuffed to the gills (2 people) for under 20 bucks.
3	I often travel through Sun Prairie on my way to Richland Center for work.  I stop at Gus's whenever possible.  I have had food from the breakfast and lunch menu.  The pancakes have a slight vanilla flavor and are one of my favorite sides.  One of my favorite breakfast (or lunch) items is one of their skillets.  They have several different flavors to match your fancy and I have never had one that was a disappointment.  The BLT and club sandwiches are also good.  This place is a diner and is just like what you would expect.  The service is fast and with a smile.  Your coffee or soda will never go empty.
4	Maybe I should give five stars, these guys are pretty good!  I have brought clients there a number of times and have been satisfied with the food and service.  I can't say anything bad about the restaurant.
5	I just want to start by saying that every person below who didn't give gus's 4 or 5 stars must not know what DINER food is, because that's exactly what this place serves. They aren't Monty's so if that's what you  want, go three blocks to Market Street, or better yet, back to Madison where you probably belong.  Gus does have "healthier" alternatives, but what's the point? If you're going to a diner, and expecting diner food, then gus's is great for it because they deliver it well every time I go in. It is a go too place for breakfast or any other meal for that matter. They do have a ton of options which can be a little overwhelming, but my advice is stick to what you know will be good at this type of restaurant, although I've yet to order anything bad from here either. All I'm saying is don't expect gus's to be a steakhouse, or fine dining restaurant and then give it one star. It's a diner, and a really good, consistant one at that.
1	I hate writing negative reviews.. i really do, but man oh man, Gus's Diner is not something that lends itself to positive reviews.Food- gross, unhealthyCleanliness- dirtyService- 2 thumbs downAmbiance- almost everyone in this place is pushing 350lbs... and shoveling food down their throats, as to keep that standard going. it's not a comfortable place to eatI have nothing nice to say..
4	Went a couple weekends ago for breakfast/lunch.  I had their Southwest Scramble, and hubby had their Turkey Club.  Both were excellent. No room for dessert.  Maybe next time, and there WILL be a next time!
3	Gus's is a fifties-themed diner, so ambience is what it is--get over it.  I've been here for breakfast a few times, and I'm happy to report that the fare is just fine.  The service is friendly and attentive. I can't remember the last time (if there ever was one) that I was blown away by breakfast food, so what more can you ask for?
5	Love this place. Reminds me of the dinners I went to all the time back in Philly. Food is good, prices are reasonable and always a good crowd.Sadly a sign says there is WiFi, but I have yet to connect to it.
3	Nice atmosphere, a little bit 50s diner and some 50s, 60s rock music.  Chrome and red bolsters are what you'll be greeted with...cute.  I tried a bowl of soup, half order of salad and dessert.  I decided to go with the New England Clam Chowder, it was reminiscent of what you get at a cafeteria, not as homemade feel as one would like- palpable.  The Chicken Tender Salad had a good assortment of vegetables with the lettuce.  If you're not into Green Pepper or White Onion (though it is thinly sliced), ask to not get those in your salad.  I enjoyed the compliment of cucumbers, tomatoes, and egg with the chicken and shredded cheese.  The ranch dressing is on the thick side, which I prefer.  I finished with an order of dessert.  Since there wasn't any reviews on it, I took the hit for you.  I had a the Apple Walnut pie.  It is a crumble top instead of a crust.  Truth be told, I didn't like it.  I'm a fan of apples, and when the crumble top feels like it sank throughout the pie, I dug for just the apple slices.  I gave up half way through and took it home for my pup.  The amount of walnuts on the pie were sparce.  From what everyone before me has reviewed, the shakes are supposed to be great.  Try that for you dessert.  Since this is my first visit, it could be that it just wasn't the right time or right meal for me.  I'm coming back with my husband for breakfast style meals and shakes.  Like everyone before me, it IS a diner, keep in mind this isn't a high end place.  Good food and nice atmosphere.  I had a good server too!
5	YUM!!! Love the atmosphere here. The food was delicious! Super crispy hash browns and the pancakes may be the BEST I've ever had!!! Fast and friendly service too. My new favorite breakfast place :)
4	I have been here a couple of times, and it never disappointed me. It was an accident finding the place the first time, but I easily remembered where it was when going there again.The breakfast is great. They have large portions and good prices. The waitstaff is friendly and always willing to answer questions, fill drinks, etc. I do not think my coffee cup ever got to less than 1/2.Standard diner fair. I've only had breakfast, but it's always been cooked to order and no complaints. I had prime rib and eggs the last time, (I guess the prime rib was from the night before), and it was a very generous cut. Spiced nicely and very enjoyable to eat. Love the american fries with onions. I plan on going back.
4	It was our first time to Gus's Diner and we would visit again soon. I was pleasantly surprised that everything we ordered (I had the Vegetarian Omelette and my friend had Southwest Skillet) wasn't greasy. The serving size was perfect, the price was reasonable, and the service was great- attentive, accurate, and well-knowledgeable. The food came out in a very timely manner, considering that the place was relatively busy.
2	I've ate here multiple times and the food to me is gross. I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it's not very good. It's not expensive but not very good food. The atmosphere is neat it has cool old time decorations! The waitstaff has always been very nice too. I will not go back here though because I do not like the food.
3	Good as advertised American fare.  Service was prompt.  Prices were surprisingly inexpensive. Atmosphere 50s diner.  Couple of quirks: jukeboxes at the table should be free and working.  If it's not working than get rid of it, takes up unnecessary space. Free wi-fi sign on door.  There is no free wi-fi, that's irritating.
4	Reminds me a little bit of Mel's Dinner from the old tv show "Alice".  Kinda of small inside and had the sweaty kitchen staff in back. It has a '50's theme to it, which gave us plenty to look at while we waited for our meal.We were seated right away and served drinks promptly as well. The waitress was very helpful in describing our meal choices and we never felt that we were an inconvenience to her.The food came in very large quantities which was a pleasant surprise. Two burgers and fries was enough to fill up the two large individuals. Not the cheapest place to eat but when you consider portion size, it seems to be a fair deal.Overall a nice experience and will go again.
4	Great food!  My wife had a burger that was cooked to perfection, I had a Greek omelet that was fabulous ... American fries to die for!
4	Had a very good meal here.  A burger/ruben sandwich combined.  Service is friendly, portions big.  Will definitely stop here again.
3	We gathered for a family thing - the back room is a nice way to do that.  Ricky, the waiter, was very personable - he was fantastic.  The food was okay.  The appetizers were very good - cheese curds and onion rings.  Tasty.  For dinner, I got the pot roast over noodles.  It sounded like a nice comfort food dish.  When served, it wasn't quite the "Ma's home cooking" I thought it would be, but it was alright.  Not quite enough roast, but it tasted fine.  The soups there were pretty decent - nice to get a bowl with each meal.  I tried someone's cole slaw and it too was pretty good.Overall, the food is what you would expect at a typical diner.  Not the best, but not the worst.  The burgers looked pretty good - I'd probably try one of those next time.  The french dip looked a little dry, which made me think I would have regretted getting the philly, which was my second choice.  The menu has a little bit of everything, so everyone in your party should find something to order.The ambiance was classic diner.  If you've seen this place from the outside, you should NOT be surprised by the 60's style diner interior.  If you're not up for that, then just stay away.Would I go back?  Yeah, sure - if something was planned there.  Sun Prairie isn't exactly next door, so something besides the food would have to draw me there. Reading other reviews, I WOULD go back to try their breakfasts.
4	Good food, crowded, hurried service  (the bus boy would swoop in and grab stuff as he said "you done")
