4	Based on the other Yelper's reviews, I had to check this place out. Anyone who knows me knows I can't turn down a good history museum!So I ventured off the strip into the land of where real Las Vegas people live to check this place out. And I am certainly glad I did.This museum has what I can imagine is an interesting identity crisis going on in a way I am all too familiar with.  My guess is their board of directors is going in two different directions.  One is the aging group of major donors who are responsible for everything on teh west side of the museum...all the stuff that was probably there since the 70s at least. Taxidermied animals, aging interpretive texts on both natural historical features and native populations in early Nevada history.Then this museum has some very dynamic and new blood pumping through its veins with terrific and innovative interpretation!  I LOVED the bit on Vegas being a 24 hour city, and they had many interesting interactive ways of expressing the oral history collections and artifacts.  I also liked, in the fossil room, the stations to do crayon rubbings of the various skeletal specimens they have. This museum also has numerous rooms that have VERY comfortable, almost living room like accomodations to view videos on their topics.  They included these in the Bats exhibition as well as the 24 City and historical exhibits.  Great ideas, a lot of which I'll be brining home to my own museum. I definately can't wait until my next visit to Vegas so I can share this hidden gem with my family and friends, and to have more time to look around and see what I missed this time around!
5	If, due to peer pressure, you find yourself in Las Vegas despite not being much of a Las Vegas person (it happens), the museum is for you. Where else can you find mounted bobcats, photos of mobsters, and vintage neon signs under one roof?We had to take the city bus from the Strip and transfer 3 times (who does that??!!) but it was worth it.
4	This review is for the new Nevada State Museum, not the one at Lorenzi Park but the new building at the Springs Preserve.  There was a members only preview today, and the new museum is grand!There are two main exhibit halls, one housing the permanent displays and one with rotating exhibits.  There is so much more room for the things the museum owns that can now displayed that wouldn't fit in the old building.There are many audio and video things to look at, there is information about Nevada mining, and you can find out who Emma Nevada was.In the rotating exhibit area, there was an HD photo display by Cameron Grant called "Unexpected Nevada."  His photos are stunning and it's worth visiting just to see this.There is a room for visiting school kids, there's a research room, a new gift shop, and a room for presentations with a wonderful patio outside that has a terrific view of the resort corridor.  You can also look down into the animal habitat of the Springs Preserve.The new museum opens to the public on October 28th.  It's at the far end of the Springs Preserve parking lot.  Go and visit--you won't be disappointed!
4	Very nice new location, next to Springs Preserve. They used to be located across the freeway at Lorenzi Park. You'll see two main exhibit halls that contain very useful and historic information about the Las Vegas area. A good way to get away from the Strip life and become more educated.
4	It is a FUN and educational place to visit for locals and tourists of all ages - the Museum & the Spring Preserve BOTH for one price! Be amazed and entertained - and learn something interesting and important at the same time! - It is located smack in the famous, gorgeous Springs Preserve area actually. Therefore, you can enjoy BOTH places for ONE admission price! - One can spend a couple of hours in this wonderful museum, then perhaps half a day or all day in the Spring Preserve, which is a MUST-VISIT in itself (-See its separate reviews).At entering the exhibition hall, you'll be first greeted and awed by a TOWERING, COMPLETE skeleton of a mammoth, along with another complete skeleton of an ancient sleuth nearby! You'll definitely learn about various types of interesting animals, minerals, rocks and plants in our deserts and mountains; how our desert and mountain ranges rose from the sea; how the State of Nevada and the city of Las Vegas came about; how the original Indian tribes and immigrants from Asia and Europe had lived and helped shape the State of Nevada...!This wonderful, small museum is housed in a huge, gorgeous building. There is an exhibition hall for permanent displays; another smaller one for temporary exhibits; and an additional hall for special events. There is a charming attrium reception area, with large picture windows framing the landscape; a pretty good size gift shop, a research library, and a small observation deck overlooking the Springs Preserve Complex against the Las Vegas Skyline! The museum exhibition hall itself is not overwhelmingly large; all displays are luxuriously constructed and quite cleverly arranged for continuity and easy access; rich with contents and very eye pleasing! It is wheelchair/stroller-friendly. The staff is very friendly and helpful with brochures, explanations and recommendations.- This place is great, but I think it'd be nice to have a few benches placed in the long hallway for the needy.Again: - Be sure to enjoy yourselves in the "Spring Preserve", too, at NO EXTRA COST!Peterskis, May 2012
4	Very nice having this at Spring's Preserve! 2 for the price of ONE! Now that's a deal! (Remember, I am the DEAL QUEEN!)I love history, archaeology, museums, learning, etc) true nerd at heart! Don't look behind my mask! AARRGGGHH!!!!Seriously, I had a blast here with my youngest (and I mean 17)! We checked out all the animals, LOVED THE MASTADON! SHe had a great time playing in the train area, learning about the first settlers, Donner Party (that was a hoot) long story I may share some day, but this is a review not a BLOG! Anyway, plenty of things to see and do. Knowledge is POWER and a visit here is a MUST! I hope all the school kids can get here at some point.Keep up the great work NEVADA! We really are more than just CASINOS and NEON! (I love them both, don['t get me wrong!) But it sure is nice having some history, education and culture now!OH AND IT'S AIR CONDITIONED, SO GREAT PLACE TO GET OUT OF THE SUN AND HEAT!
1	The one star was for the nasty museum attendants not for the museum itself. The museum was good for trying to enjoy it after being humiliated by Lynn. Upon entering and showing our receipt from the springs preserve we were harassed by an employee for having a soda that was closed cap on and in my sons hand. When I said I would put it away in my bag and not open it in the museum I was screamed at by Lynn who said sarcastically "there's only 3 signs from the front door to here that say no liquids allowed"!!. Now yes I understand and respect the museum tremendously of course I wouldn't allow my kids or myself to drink inside the museum! However this was the ice cream day at the springs preserve and it was also 95 degrees outside so we had a bag full of personal water bottles, spritzers and sunblock totally secure in my bag/purse.  She demanded I empty every liquid from my purse or leave my purse  with her other wise I could not go on it was my choice she said.  I was not about to leave my iPhone and wallet with this lady! So I emptied my bag of 6 water bottles capped bottle soda two kinds of sun block and a water fan spritzer on her table.  When I began to walk away, she said Loudly, "I can feel my blood pressure about to explode!" Then the fellow attendant approached our stuff and began touching them. Weird !!! Inside a fellow attendee said to me "that lady attacked me too, but I said I was I only taking a drink before I enter!" She also said she was allowed by Lynn to put her water away in her backpack.  How was that any different than what I was trying to do? Wow this woman soured our whole experience and ruined our time here.  On the way out she screamed at us after asking for her managers card, denying she asked us to take out all our stuff from my bag. People that are not a people person should not have this job!!!!!
4	The Nevada State Museum puts me in a nerdy State of Mind. I am a fan of museums because they are educational and inspiring.  After a rough week where drama and the Mount Charleston hiking trails that I go to to escape stress in the summer were on fire; I had to get away. On Saturday my get away was the Nevada State Museum.  The Nevada State Museum is the northernmost building of the Springs Preserve complex. It is bordered by museums and the parkland of the Springs Preserve. It is one of the six Nevada State Museums that include the Southern Nevada Railroad Museum in Boulder City and Lost City Museum in Overton. This museum is relatively small yet what it lacks in size it makes up for in quality. The best way to describe the layout is to compare it to a rectangle. The vertical line in the center is the primary corridor from the entrance to the balcony overlooking the Springs Preserve. To the right of the line is the changing exhibits and the left is the permanent exhibit a.k.a. main area. This review pertains to the permanent exhibit. Touring it at a casual pace, took me from 11:00 AM to 12:36 PM. For the record, the lighting ranges from slightly dim to moderate under a black ceiling. If you are travelling a distance to visit this museum, I suggest combining it with a hike in the Springs Preserve, which is free (unless it is over 110 degrees). This review discusses the sections in the permanent exhibit moving clockwise, as I toured them.Entry Portal:  The first thing I saw when I walked in the permanent exhibits room was Christopher the Colombian Mammoth. This is a dinosaur skeleton that is a familiar display in many museums. He coexists with a Shasta ground sloth and Pacific horse fossil. The Land:  Being a hiker I appreciated this area. I learned more about the fauna and mammals that I see and never want to see on Southern Nevada hiking trails. There was a video on geology. There was a menagerie of stuffed animals with cool facts such as the coyote population grew in the west when their enemies the bear and wolves died down. I learned cool facts about the temperature that included the hottest Nevada temp hitting 125 degrees in Laughlin in 1994 to the record low Nevada temperature of minus 50 in San Jacinto in 1937.Early Days:  This exhibit covers Nevada's mining days, the railways, and boom town era. The most popular exhibit is where people press on what looks like handle bars to control a boom town railroad. There is neat displays dedicated to Hoover Dam, the Federal Government, and the Test Site.People:  This exhibit really brought out the nerdy side of me. I enjoyed learning that Nevada became a state carved out of Utah Territory in 1861 because of President Lincoln's political needs not because of mining. All the facts I want to pass on will put me over the 5,001 character limit.Viva Las Vegas:  This is a neat exhibit that showcases casino memorabilia, antique slot machines, show costumes, historic photos, and Las Vegas exhibits. Howard Hughs gets a lot of mention here. Being a geography nerd, I was really into the aerial 1950 map that showed a Vegas where Boulder Highway is a rural road, freeways are sand, and the Strip of today is mostly open space.The Exit:  I walked out of the Nevada State Museum a smarter man than when I came in. If exhibits could take my mind off drama and keep me focused, the museum is doing something right. In all honesty I have learned more about history, science, and art at museums than I learned in school. In a City that encourages people to stand up and be proud of who you are, the Nevada State Museum makes me stand up and be proud of being a museum nerd.The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 96.
3	The exhibit they have was good but it was like walking through a reader's digest condensed version.  In one room they take you from dinosaurs through showgirls.  The dinosaurs take up the majority of space which leaves the modern age with a lot of info to be crammed into a small space.  I loved the beginning of the casino era info with Howard Hughes, old showgirl costumes, and info on the early casinos but was surprised at the lack of modern exhibits.  Also would have liked to see more on the founding of Nevada, building of the dam, and mob years.The changing exhibit was sparse but interesting.
5	WOW! Great museum! The folks have done a fantastic job here! Super clean and well laid out, the displays are really cool. Great for the whole family, fantastic descriptions of the wild life here in Vegas, very well done!
5	We took the kids here over Spring Break this past week.  What a great museum, very well put together, great artifacts and information.  I'd recommend everyone stop in and check out the history of this area when they get some time.
4	Nice little showcase of the silver states history.  Starting from the ancient Triassic Ichtyosaur and the native flora & fauna.  To the early mining days.  Past the wild west struggle of the Paiute tribes and the pilgrims then the expansion of the railroads.  On to the second world war with a brief introduction to nuclear testing, and then on to the beginning of the casino Rat Pack glory days of our gleaming gem of the desert.  Thats the history of Nevada that is worthy of being history at this time.  There is also a changing exhibit and then an observation deck to over look the historic spring.  Albiet though sometimes they do not unlock it.  Very professionally done.  Great for the kiddos.
4	Summer, Sunday on a hot blazing afternoon, what to do? Prep up with your culture and history, and explore this place, for this is the ghost of Vegas that you would want to know especially ESPECIALLY if you are a local.Some really cool tidbits that you can check out here:- a slab of a Wooly Mammoth fossilized bones with bite marks- old postcards and chips of long dead defunct  casinos- the Donner migration story- Area 51 exhibit- stuffed/taxidermed animals of the LV desert- the Pauite Indians - Elvis underwear (just kidding)This is one place where one can dehustle the bustle of the strip, yes I like the pool too, but this is knowledge one can swim without drowning. I am surprised that this is literally a ghost town when I was there; I fervently pray that kids are introduced to this museum as part of their education, and that funding continues for its  viability. Locals get a discount on admission, PLUS the pass entitles one to visit Springs Preserve. If shopping or souvenir is a motivation, I heard the gift shop is highly rated, let me know if that is true.
5	A bit small for a museum but clean, nice ambiance, GOOD exhibits.  Check out the gift shop,  they have interesting Nevada items, we will continue to support Springs Preserve and Nevada State Museum. Our family loves to go here and we do spend an entire day on both museums. Divine cafe by Springs Preserve has a Strip view mixed with desert scape, really beautiful,  food is ok too.
5	This is one of the best day trips in Las Vegas. The grounds and architecture are amazing and there are so many wonderful exhibits to see. It is impossible to see everything in one day so you can enjoy repeated visits. Don't miss the gardens below - they are lovely.
5	Wander the grounds, Stroll through the gardens. Take in the cliff views and appreciate the art. Grandiose building that makes you feel a sense of relaxation. Pack a picnic and a bottle of wine with a blanket and you are set.
