5	Since moving to Charlotte from Orlando four years ago, it had been a challenge getting my car's oil changed.  Nothing is open here in Charlotte on Sundays (my only day off) so I had to try to squeeze it in during my lunch hours (when everyone else tends to go) and I ended up losing that hour (or more).  After three years of struggling with this issue (and letting my car suffer in the process), I finally was informed about Valvoline in the Cotswold area.  What?!  They're open Sundays!?  You're kidding me!  I went again this past Sunday around noon.  No line!  I pulled right up, got excellent service from the mechanics on duty, and was gone within 10 minutes.  It was SUCH a breeze and it makes my life a little less complicated.  Be sure to check out their website for any coupons before you go!
5	Taking my car in to be serviced is probably one of my least favorite errands to do. I dread finding a place, waiting in a drab waiting room, and getting charged for more than I came in for. However, that is not the case at Valvoline. When you need an oil change, Valvoline is a great place to take your car. The service is quick and the mechanics are friendly. One of the advantages is that you can stay in your car while they work on it. Otherwise if you decide to not wait in your car, it's not too uncomfortable in the waiting room (clean and bright).I liked that they seemed transparent in my car's needs. They showed me a fancy computer program detailing what they suggest I get for my car and they even gave me a discount on the work. Plus, they went above and beyond in taking off my old TX state stickers, changed out my license plates, and cleaned the headlights.
5	When I see Instant Oil Change, I really don't believe it. I want to but with past experience, have been let down and that makes me sad. I went on a Sunday morning since I figured all the churchies would be doing their thing (and stuff open early on a Sunday in the South??! Can more places please adapt to this? I'm a morning person, like to spend money and get quite bored Sunday mornings) I was in and out within 20 minutes with no issues. Nice, QUICK and not pushy at all. If you go on their website, you can print off coupons for $5 or $6 off your next oil change or they will send a text to you and you just show the text when you pay and BAM--saving money and out in a flash. I will definitely be going back here 3,000 miles down the road.
1	I was given an estimated time of 10 minutes per car with four cars in front of me.  They moved at least two cars in front of me I know I watch them with the last one. and what made me upset is there was nobody behind me but yet they would make me wait longer for a ghost person that wasn't even there they parked the car after it finished in the back parking lot!!!!  A total of an hour and a half wait
4	This place is pretty efficient. If you go mid morning, there rarely is a wait. Make sure you print at least an online coupon before going. And stay away from any add-ons. ie, no,  you do NOT need to replace your A/C filter
5	in short they carry oil that meets Mercedes-Benz, Audi, VW, BMW specifications. Moreover, they carry even the oil for diesel engines of the above car makers. No, your local $19.95 oil change place does not carry them. They do have competitive pricing. Visit website for cell phone sent coupon code. I trust them and I have fleet of vehicles requiring lots of oil changes every month. Just read other reviews. Places like this usually have 1 to 2 starts and lots of screwed customers. Not here.
5	Great costumer service! Just getting my oil change. They didn't try to push anything down my throat with extra services. Waited 15 min to get it done. That's the fastest oil change I've ever gotten. Place is clean and workers look like the want to work instead of screwing around. Great experience!!!
5	best staff ever, i drive almost 15miles just to get the great customer service :DD keep up the great work
5	I have been taking my vehicles here for several years.  They consistently have great customer service and short, if any, wait times.  They're always willing to explain things further and they don't push services that aren't completely necessary.  This is a great place to go if you want to get several services done at one place.  I highly recommend them!
5	Consistently professional, thorough and fast. I'm at 95000 miles. They've done all but 2 services. Will keep coming back.
4	Showed up around 10am on saturday and got through in about 15 minutues for an oil change, air filter change and tire rotation. They were a little pricey compared to other places I have gone but nice and quick compared to the other cheaper ones.
5	I have been bringing my car here for about a year now and they do a great job.  Prices are fair, i have never waited too long and the are always friendly.  They seem to be very knowledgeable and don't try to get me to purchase things I don't need.  I would recommend this business to everyone.
4	This location has like the fastest oil change in the nation! I have never been to a oil change as fast as this place !!!!Every car is in n out within 10 minutes or less!!! Excellent "instant" (literally) oil change ! Though the waiting room is kinda small but hey you're literally gonna be in there for less than 10 minutes !
5	I work for a company that has a small fleet of vehicles and I have been getting oil changes done at this location for almost 10 years. I can honestly say that I have had a positive experience every time I come in.  Which is the reason why I take my personal car their as was well.If you come in around mid afternoon more than likely there is no wait and the ENTIRE staff works on your vehicle to get you on the road as quickly as possible.This is the place to go for an oil change in the Charlotte Area
5	Honesty is alive and well; at least at this location. . Went to this location based on the reviews. I asked the technician to check the oil before proceeding. He checked and advised me I did NOT need an oil change. Apparently the company that changed the oil before did not reset the oil detector and thus my car was erroneously indicating it needed an oil change.  I will definitely return.
