5	I used this company to clean my carpets and was very satisfied with the service, their professionalism and knowledge, and the cost of the carpet cleaning. I would high recommend this company.
5	I had read about this locally-owned business in the Ahwatukee-Foothills News and then noticed a coupon in the mail.  We were having a party in a few weeks and the carpets were a mess, not to mention the three areas that had been snagged/ripped from when our Puggle was a puppy.  It was perfect timing to give a new company a try.I called and scheduled an appointment for carpet cleaning and repair for the three spots.  The woman on the phone was kind and helpful.  She answered all of my questions and scheduled my appointment.When the man arrived to clean the carpets, he was very friendly, knowledgeable, and easy-going. He even went into my attic to get the extra carpet for the repairs!  He worked quickly and even put up plastic guards to protect the corners of the furniture and walls so that the hose didn't leave any marks from being dragged through the house.  And he had little booties on his feet (OK, more like big booties) so that his shoes didn't get the floors dirty.Two things to be aware of.  1 - This time, my carpets did take a little longer to try because I didn't go with the company that has the fast-drying chemicals.  This is the organic stuff, no short cuts here, but a much better feeling than having chemicals under your feet!  2 - No credit cards accepted.  Check or cash.  No biggie, as long as you have your checkbook on had.Overall, I was very impressed with the quality of service and quality of work that I received from Barefoot Organic.  Plus, all for a very reasonable price!  I will be sure to use them again and highly recommend them for your carpet cleaning or repair needs.
5	I ONLY use organic products.  So I decided to try out this company because they promise that there products are 100% organic, not just "green".  The gentleman that came out was clean-cut and polite.  He took the time to talk to me about my concerns and was very knowledgable.  I have a dog who likes to mark certain spots.  So he put a special enzyme treatment on the old urine spots... for FREE! :)  They came out beautiful and don't smell anymore.  I was concerned about the drying time because I was having a party the next day.  I made an afternoon appointment.  And to my surprise the carpets were dry by the time I went to bed that evening.  Plus, he gave me booties to put on just in case I needed to walk across the carpet.  The only down side is that I wanted them to come out the next day, but I couldn't get an appointment for 3 days.  Next time I will call a week in advance.In my opinion this company is way superior to other carpet cleaners I've hired!  I will definitely be using them again!
5	AMAZING! Not just "Green" but "Organic!" Who wants to fill their home with tons of unneeded chemicals.We have the Z Gallerie Leslie Bed (A huge suede beast!) that is off-white a few years old and filled with dirt.  I called to ask if they could clean it and they said they wanted to be sure and would call me right back.The lady who answered was professional and very friendly.  She got right back and let me know they could do the bed.  It was $80 to have the bed done and about a year ago I had checked with some other companies that had quoted me $100 and that was not ORGANIC. So we had that done and also had our sectional cleaned for $150.Justin called and let me know he was on his way.  He was very friendly and explained what he would be doing and made sure to take care of our floors/walls with all the hoses he had to run up (our bedroom is on the 3rd floor). We are very pleased with how both turned out.Give them a ring!
5	I have done business with the owner of Barefoot Organic Carpet Care.  She is very professional and really cares about her customers. I will continue to refer their services to our clients. Randi- The Pipe Doctor.
5	I was very pleased with my carpets. They looked beautiful when he was done. I have a plastic piece down in front of my desk for the rolling chair and when I pick it up to have the carpet cleaned the outline always shows and I was told it was due to sun fading, however he made it almost disappear. My carpets not only look clean but they actually feel clean because there was no sticky residue left after they dried. I also appreciated the corner guards because I recently had my rooms painted and didn't want the walls damaged.  I definitely would recommend and will use them again.
3	I was a little disappointed in how clean my carpets were after using Barefoot Organic. Don't get me wrong, my carpet is very old and light colored so there's a lot of spots and stains on it that will never come out. However, when I have used other services in the past I have seen a marked improvement but after using Barefoot they pretty much looked the same. And I was very surprised that it took 48 hours before the carpets were dry. And that was for the areas where I was able to open windows and turn the fans on high. For the hallway area, it was still damp after 3-4 days.I am giving them 3 stars, however, because they were so wonderful to work with. Shantell on the phone was very friendly and helpful. She went out of her way to accommodate my schedule and was very easy to deal with. Justin, who came to our home, was also very friendly and courteous. There was no up-charging or haggling over the price. Literally every other carpet cleaning company I have ever worked with I have had to argue over whether the larger rooms in my home should be considered two or three rooms and I usually end up paying about $50 more than I think I should be.
5	Still a fantastic company to work with!  All of the things that I loved in the first review are still there and they have even managed to add new attention to details to impress me!  I have used Barefoot a few times since that first review and I could not be happier!They take credit cards now, using Square, which I love and use often.  The receipt is emailed right to me within seconds!  Shantell is super pleasant on the phone and give you the price quote on that first call!  Tells you what you need to know and explains that she will send an email with more details to confirm . . . AND she really does!  AND it is really useful information in the email!What to expect upon Justin's arrival (for our own security, how nice of her) and even a reference to see a picture of the van and of Justin so we know who/what to look for.  Tips to prepare the room, what to expect for payment, and even a few FAQs about after the service.No strong odors, just a fresh, clean look and smell!  I love good-as-new carpets!
5	Extremely pleased with Barefoot Organic. We've used them 3 times and each time I'm impressed with their work.  Our carpets were clean and fresh and dried quickly.  We even had the carpets in our van cleaned this time and they look brand new.  I really appreciate their professional and service-oriented approach to business.  They tell the truth about pricing and the price quoted is for full service - they don't try to up sell you once they get to your house.  Shantell is very friendly and sends out a detailed confirmation prior to the service.  Justin (who cleaned our carpet) is very kind and professional.  I've had a lot of different carpet cleaning companies over the years and Barefoot Organic Carpet Care beats them all!
5	I have a son who is a severe asthmatic which is activated by strong chemical smells.  I can't possibly explain how amazed I was by Barefoot Organic.  There was NO chemical smell.  It was all natural and my carpets were the cleanest I have ever seen!!  The stains were gone and the customer service was unbelievable.  The woman who answered the phone and made the appointment was so nice and explained everything.  I had lots of questions and she was patient with me and my concerns.  Then, the gentleman who cleaned my carpet was polite, efficient and on time.  I will call them again!!!  I will refer them to ALL of my friends and family!!  Great Job!!!
5	This is the second time I've used Barefoot Organic.  I was hoping for the same great experience, and I was not let down!  This time I had my vehicle cleaned in addition to my home.  Years of spills and dirty shoes.  I can't believe I waited so long!  OMG!!  My vehicle looks brand new!I also had my rental property cleaned.  My renters have two crawling babies so I had Barefoot Organic clean their carpets.  They were so impressed with our thoughtfulness that they signed another 1 year lease!!  THANK YOU BAREFOOT-O!!
2	I used Barefoot Organic because they had good reviews and a coupon here on yelp.  I called to make my appointment as was told they could come out the next day which was great.The man arrived and I asked about cleaning an area rug downstairs too.  He said he could for an additional $20 and it came out great.  As good as new.  Upstairs where I have carpet, I showed him a couple of spots and he said he thought he could get them out, and he did but my traffic areas still looked dingy after so I have to say I was disappointed all in all and they weren't even very dirty to start with.  We never wear our shoes on them and I vacuum them a couple times a week.I normally use Jasper's and have for years (they have changed their name but if you Google Jasper's you can find them) and I think I will continue too.  It's about the same price but I am left with much cleaner carpets.
5	Excellent carpet cleaning experience. Did not want to use a company who used harsh chemicals, we opted for Barefoot Organic and were not disappointed. We had 7 rooms cleaned plus a chair in about 3 hours. Thanks to the low humidity in Oct, the carpets were dry in just a couple of hours and they look fantastic as does my old chair. Justin was terrific, friendly and competent. The cost was roughly the same as traditionally carpet cleaning companies. Will for sure use them next time!
5	Excellent service!  Very professional from the start.  Chantelle was excellent in the scheduling department.  The price was given to me over the phone.  No hidden fees.  When Justin arrived, he put on booties to enter my home.  The above and beyond was when he took a blower and got rid of the debris on my front porch.  I needed to make a change to my previously scheduled services, and they were totally fine with that.   In reference to the cleaning, my chairs were vintage Crate and Barrel (my husband had them for many years in his single life)  They had never been cleaned.  They look fabulous!!  Seriously, they have been brought back to life.  My car interior looks lovely and smells great!  No yucky chemical smell.  I will definitely use Barefoot Organic again!
5	The service was AMAZING! I had bought my couch a year ago and with in that time I adopted a new dog which I love but he completely ruined my brand new couch :( I decided to get it cleaned because I was moving and wanted to to look "brand new" again. When Justin came to my condo he was very friendly and took a look at the couch and was honest and said he wasn't sure if these stains would come out completely. All i said was I just hope it looks better than it does now. When he was done I was amazed, it looked brand new! The service was great and I would recommend them to anyone. Oh and he even did the throw pillows for free :) & there were no annoying sale pitches when he got there. Just honest pricing, which I was so happy about. AND they use 100% organic products. You really can't go wrong with them!
5	I used them again this season and my carpets look great. I live in RV resort with blacktop streets that track in on the carpet and it is a real problem. Also, I have white carpet that is a problem. I have been so pleased that I recommended them to 4 people and 3 used them and were very satisfied also. Justin is great.
5	I could not have asked for a more polite, well managed, and detailed experience. The owners are helpful and involved, they patiently explain everything to you from what makes them different from cleaners who use harsh chemicals to how to help speed up dry time. My carpets look better than ever! Seriously better than when we moved into the house! My couch looks brand spanking new. We will be using this business again! They rock!
5	From the very first call to the completion of carpet service, Barefoot Organic wins you over with satisfaction. Shantelle and Justin are absolutely AWESOME and treat you like family, always there to help, suggest, care and please. Today was just such a day. Had my carpets serviced just a few months ago, and due to my dog's digging habit, soiled my bedroom carpet. Not only did Justin resolve my problem but took it upon himself to clean carpeting in closets as well. It wasn't until I entered the closets that I noticed the rooms were fresh and cleaned without request, totally unexpected. That's just the type of service you receive from Barefoot Organic. I have been a client for a few years now, and will not call anyone else. Great service by people who take pride in what they do, are courteous, prompt, and personable. I wish them much success in years to come.
5	My very dirty carpet looked new after this company clean it! They are a family owned business and offer great service! They don't use dangerous chemicals but whatever they use really works! I would highly recommend this company to anyone looking for amazingly clean carpets and really great service!
5	We ordered carpet cleaning from Barefoot Organic Carpet Care after using another, well known service for years. I was sold on the organic cleaning process and the excellent customer service during my first contact on the phone. I also read several of these awesome reviews on Yelp and, generally, these people know what they are talking about. The scheduling was quick and painless. I got an appointment within a few days of my call. They use a unique pricing method where the price you get over the phone is the price you pay. No annoying up-selling when the technician arrives! Justin, the cleaning tech, called ahead to let me know he was in the area and gave me an ETA. The entire cleaning process was fast but thorough. He took great care to make sure the high traffic areas got special attention. Our carpet is probably about 10 years old but when Justin finished, it looked like new again! He was very professional and made sure to wear the magic booties on the clean carpet. The drying time was within the 4-6 hours he told me it would be. He answered all my questions and did an amazing job. I'll definitely call Barefoot Organic again. Be sure to mention you found them on Yelp for an extra discount.
5	Fantastic! Called Monday with a pet incident  emergency and Justin was here by Tuesday - problem solved! Cleaned carpet in master and looks and smells brand new. Also, cleaned our rug "location of said incident" and it looks great! Very happy to come home to clean and fresh floors! Will definitely use again! Fast, friendly, quality. A+ - Thanks!
5	I just had our carpets and upholstery cleaned and everything looks great! -Super customer service by husband and wife team! Shantell gave reminder call yesterday and Justin called before coming over earlier than scheduled time to make sure that it was ok, which I appreciate. Barefoot Organic cleaned our carpets last year also and Justin is friendly, professional and takes great care around the furniture and stair banisters with his equipment. We like that they use natural ingredients, too, so no strong chemical smell afterwards. Highly recommend!
5	We were very pleased with the results again. This is the second time we had them do our carpets. We also like the personalized service. Highly recommend.
5	Awesome job!  I used Justin and Shantell's service for a couple of reasons. The first was because they are a small family owned business and Justin does the work himself. Secondly I wanted a carpet cleaning company that did not use any chemicals only natural, organic products and thirdly because of ALL the positive reviews they received on Yelp.  I would recommend them to all my family, friends and acquaintances!  Justin was prompt, thorough and even used bumpers on the corners of my walls so as not to damage them....brilliant!!!  Have never had a carpet cleaning service that even considered protecting them!  Plus he provided cloth booties to wear while it was drying.  I must say this was the BEST carpet cleaning experience I have ever had!
