3	Good overall. Service was great. Decor I think is trying a little too hard to be fine dining. The food is good, family style italian. Huuuuuuugggeeee portions, you will definitely not leave here hungry, or without lunch for the next day. We had a coupon for a discounted entree under 15 dollars which drove the already good value through the roof. Skip Olive Garden and eat here you wont be disappointed.
2	Experience: Culinary Education @ Johnson & Wales University, Providence Rhode IslandDate of Dining:09 May 2011We went here on Mothers day because my mother had been here before and wanted to come back. The location is a little odd as its located in a business park in a business building, but th parking lot was full, so it must be good right! I will review this using several categories (1) Menu/Food (2) Atmosphere (3) Service (4) Overall(1) Menu/Food: This was mothers day, so the menu was different from their normal menu, but had a good variety including Veal, Chicken, Pork, Fish, Pasta. I ordered the Veal, which was good and my grand mother had the same thing, she liked it as well. My wife, brother and mother ordered the crab stuffed chicken. My wife said it was "OK" and was a little dry. We had a couple starters, the fried zucchini and mushroom caps. They were both very good. The prices were reasonable $15-$19 per dish, and the portions were good. (2) Atmosphere: From what I understand, this is a newer restaurant, but to be honest, it looked like something that hadn't been updated since 1979. The furniture looked user, the carpet was dirty and it just reminded me of places we went when I was a kid in the 1970-80's. Very dark. It has a nice location on the hill, they should work on their interior and get some modern furniture. Why do Italian restaurants in American feel like they need "Old" looking furniture. Every restaurant I have been to in Italy is modern and updated. (3) Service: This is where they fell down....Although out waitress was very pleasant and nice to us, she was SLOW....Not just SLOW, but brutally SLOW. I did not think they were super busy as there were empty tables, so they cannot use them being busy as to why they were slow. I guess they are not normally open on Sundays, so maybe they had a problem getting staff, but come on, its mothers day. (4) Overall: The food was average, the atmosphere sucked, and the service was slow, so I honestly would not recommend this place unless you are over 60 as it might be a place you would enjoy. They need to modernize their restaurant, clean the carpet, get some new furniture, and improve their service. The menu can be more traditional northern Italian (their menu had a lot of southern Italian influence to it).
5	Awesome experience! My in-laws love this place and wanted us to try it. I have to say I  didn't expect much after reading the reviews. We were cheerfully greeted at the door and seated immediately. My first impression was how beautiful the sunset looked through the panoramic windows. The decor has an 80's feel but in a good way. Chairs are cushioned - soft and comfortable but perfect for the tables. We even joked about buying similar ones for home. A large chandelier dominates the ceiling. Overall, the restaurant was warmly lit, clean and welcoming. My In-laws said they hadn't seen children at the restaurant before and called ahead to see if my 14 month old daughter was welcome.  And yes, the staff was fantastic with her. I'll think nearly every waitress stopped by to talk to her.  One even read her a couple pages from a story book.Our service was great! The staff anticipated our needs by clearing plates and refilling drinks before we even realized we needed them. And I never felt like anyone was hovering over us. Food - again great! We started with calamari, which was the huge crowd favorite, and zuccinni. Both were good and huge. We had a table of 5 adults and the 2 apps were a little too much though you would never know it because we cleared the plates! We all ordered something different for an entree, and happily agreed that we would order the same again. Afterwards, the waitress took my left overs to the kitchen to wrap - rather than tossing me a box to do it myself. When I got home I noticed that she even covered the box with plastic wrap so it didn't spill in the car. A real class act!
4	Awesome local Italian restaurant!  Great food and even better staff did exactly what all the other reviews said and were friendly and easy to talk with.A little pricey but what Italian restaurant is not.Thanks YELP!TC
2	I have no idea why people like this place, none, nada, no clue. We stopped in for drinks and lunch after a funeral. I needed a stiff drink! Ordered a martini (vodka), 10 freakin 50? Really? Am I buying the entire bottle? Didn't matter, it was noon, right after  a funeral, I need it. Looked over the menu, not much for a vegan to choose from, had a salad, had another martini. Paid the bill, 36 bucks with tip. This place reminds me of a fifties restaurant in dire need of a facelift, menu change, and anyone know when Robert Irvine will be back in the area? I got a restaurant impossible for ya!
5	Diamond in the... Office park?This is our place on Friday nights. Paul always makes my family feel like we're a part of his whenever we're there. My son was treated like royalty the last time we visited. There's not a bad dish to be had. My brother-in law loves the swordfish, while I'm more of a fan of the simpler bolognese. You may be skeptical because of its location, but don't be. It's worth the visit.
5	I have been dining at Scoglio since the restaurant opened, all the way back to the days in which the restaurant was waiting for its liquor license and was offering two complimentary cocktails with each dinner!There is no finer restaurant in the region!  Although it is conveniently located to many neighborhoods, a couple of minutes form the Greentree Exit of the Parkway West, It is tucked away in a business park.  It is not the easiest place to find on the first visit, but you will be glad you made the effort.The restaurant is attractive, comfortable, and spacious, and the tables are nicely arranged so that one is not on top of the next party.  I wish that more Scoglio diners dressed in a manner that is befitting such a lovely establishment.Tonight, my wife and I had the pleasure of being served by Tabitha.  She could not have been more efficient, attentive, gracious, pleasant, charming, and welcoming.  I cannot count the number of times she performed quality checks, refilled water glasses, ensured that we did not need anything, and let us know that our food would arrive soon (it was a long wait for our entrees this time, about 45 minutes, no doubt because the restaurant was packed).  We can also count on a warm and gracious welcome from owner Linda, one of the most hard-working and dedicated individuals in the local restaurant business.  Linda does whatever it takes to keep the operation moving, and at the beginning of its existence, she was our server on a number of occasions.  I am delighted that her hard work has paid off.The Scoglio salad which accompanies entrees is a mixed green assortment with tomatoes and cucumbers, the dressing a white balsamic vinaigrette, which is unique, excellent, and most certainly not fattening.The Scoglio fried zucchini is a must for the lover of this dish, and there is none that is better anywhere.  Many restaurants serve a cheap imitation of this legendary Pittsburgh dish, not Scoglio.My chicken parmigiana was delicious: a fine portion of three large pieces of tender chicken, served with tasty sauce, covered in cheese, with a side dish of fusili pasta in a tasty sauce: excellent.  The fresh bread and butter complement the meal nicely.My wife and I shared a pecan ball for dessert, and Tabitha did not just provide us an extra bowl and spoon; she separated it into two portions for us: great! Prices have risen a good bit since the restaurant opened, but it is not overpriced for the quality and quantity of the food and the ambience.  I can see where some would say that the restaurant's decor and furniture should be updated, but it suits me just fine.  It need not do anything to make it more appealing, in my view.For a great evening out and a most delicious meal, Scoglio is the place!  I look forward to returning soon!
