5	Loved the sea food here. Fish is quite good too. The must try in this place are the fried Calamari. Please do try Fried Calamari with fried Tiger Shrimp fries too. The sides fries are a quite delicious as well, however Not too big of a fan of the rice though.
5	One of the best fish places! Its not the fanciest place to go to! But Amazing prices compared to others! The menu selection is limited but u get what u pay for! Best for calamari, fries and shrimps too!!!
4	Restaurant Rayan is definitely a spot I'll be returning to in the near future. The service was a bit shaky - I attribute it to their ordering and serving system, but it's not anything that can't be easily fixed, no points deducted. The garnish (Za'atar) that found its way stop of all our dishes was undoubtedly Mediterranean/middle eastern, the distinct taste of parsley, nutmeg, oregano and other aromatic spices highlighted all the flavors nicely. A lot of people are weary of seafood, and that's only because of the associated smell. When seafood is fresh, it doesn't smell fishy, and Restaurant Rayan's catch is so fresh that when they went to sleep the night before, it didn't know it was going to meet me the next day.
5	PROS:1. The food's SO good. The salad had a really nice dressing with a crunchy bite to it. The potato wedges were probably the best fries I think I've EVER had. No joke. The fish was cooked perfectly, not overdone or undercooked. 2. I enjoyed that you get to go in, pick the fish you want to eat and choose whether it be fried or grilled. The employee there knew which ones were better fried/grilled. 3. The restaurant is family friendly, bright, clean, and doesn't smell like fish as you'd expect.OVERALL:-I'll definitely go back and recommend it-Worth every penny!ps. They only accept debit/cash.
5	Great place for the best seafood in town! I love the fried/grilled calamari and the shrimp is to die for.Be careful however when ordering a pound of something and having half of it cooked one way, the other half another. They don't advertise this, but there is a $3.50 cooking fee for every technique you order. That REALLY adds up! Best to go with a big group of people! Other than that, the decor is 'arabic' family style, but the food definitely makes up for that!
3	I don't even know where to start with this place.Never have I thought fried fish could taste so good. I was never a fan of calamari but oh boy their deep-fried calamari were delicious! Their seafood chowder were delicious and the fries were nicely seasoned with cajun spices. I never tried the grilled fish, but it doesn't seem as appetizing as the fried ones.The service was mediocre, nothing too much or less. I like how they give a jar of water per table so you can refill your water as often as you'd like.The reason why I am taking out two stars is because of the hygiene. The second time I went there the utensils weren't properly washed, and the water looked cloudy. The fish aren't really that fresh and are not kept on ice.Nevertheless, the food is still very tasty, and I will return again and again to satisfy my needs for more fried seafood.
4	mmmm if you want a nice seafood meal, go here! But, keep in mind that (a) the seated area of the restaurant isn't very nice, (b) it can get really REALLY expensive, and (c) you pay more for the better non-pita bread. The service has never been amazing, but has never been terrible either..... mediocre might be the best word to describe it. How it works is that you basically walk in, pick your fish from a fridge/freezer type thing, tell them how you want it cooked, and then take a number and sit down. Everything is very fresh, but the ambiance isn't really nice...So basically, fresh and yummy with mediocre service and a not-very-nice seating area. Try it out; if you like seafood I'm sure you'll be pleased with the food!
4	Minimal decor, bright lights and utilitarian tables - don't let this dissuade you. Or do! Then the secret won't get out...ha ha! The back of this restaurant is basically a fresh fish market. My eyes widened at the selection of fish, crustaceans etc. I am a fan of all things seafood so this was a little paradise...plus you can order in a number of ways depending on your taste or craving - fried, grilled, breaded with their special herbs, poached etc. I read through the reviews and can only surmise that they've come a ways in terms of service and quality as everyone who greeted us at the door, seated us and helped us select our fish were warm and professional. Then again, we did go around 9:30pm on a Tuesday (not exactly a busy night of the week - I imagine weekends are bananas) and there were only a few other customers left.Everything we had was delicious - the fish, herbed potato wedges...and other tables had beautiful steamed veggies, butterfly-ed fish...I recommend it on an off-night and with a group of 4+ so that you can sample a bunch of dishes and keep it on the affordable side.UPDATE: Went with a group of 20 and tried multiple dishes. The grilled octopus was to DIE FOR! Highly recommend. Succulent, grilled to perfection. The deep fried breaded calamari also delicious. Grilled shrimp = YES! And the steamed, buttery veggies and crispy herbed potato wedges rounded out the meal nicely.
4	I strongly recommend this restaurant/fish market for those who are fanatics of freshly prepared seafood or fish dish, or for those who would like to taste the good mix of oriental spices prepared in their dish!You have a variety of fish and seafood that you can choose to get on served on your table.The seafood was very fresh tasting and perfectly prepared, delicately fried calamari and shrimp, sweet grilled oysters that you can accompany with rice, potatoes or salad.Not the place for a relaxing or romantic experience.On busy evenings, the atmosphere of the place can be very noisy and hectic but if you go on day times there is less noise and you hear the Arabic background music.Overall, excellent food, prices are just right for the quality and freshness of the dishes, was served up quickly, and our waiter would assure that we enjoy our food.
5	All the great reviews really are true about this place. The fish is amazing, the calamari is a must, the shrimp is good (but peeling it is kind of annoying) and the salad is great. The waitresses are helpful and smile a lot. The gentleman at the fish station are on a mission to know what you want however, if you are friendly with them and crack a joke they tend to enjoy that. The food really tasty and cooked well. I was so full after my meal and I really enjoyed the experience. I can't wait to go back and try new fish.
3	This place is pretty casual and especially unique if you like seafood. I walk in with a friend and am immediately directed to the back where i am instructed to pick fish and seafood from the display. There is a pretty large selection of fish on offer. We ended up choosing and entire sea bass which they grilled for us with vegetables, calamari, tiger shrimp and a small bowl of rice. There was a bit of a discrepancy with the cost advertised and the actual cost $/lb but i thought u would let it slide. Chef in the back was not very helpful if you have a question which leaves you a bit clueless. He also seemed to be rushing for no particular reason, there was no line behind us? The food came and it was great the fish was fresh and the calamari was crunchy with just the right amount of batter. Our waitress was ok but overall i was more impressed with the food than the service. For a bill over 75$ for 2 i would expect both.
1	My family and I are huge seafood lovers, but Rayan was the worst experience ever. I do not recommend this place to anyone, because the service was terrible and the food was disgusting. All of the three dishes we ordered were absolutely unedible.
5	Hands down the best seafood place I've been to in Montreal, Especially if you love freshly prepared seafood.  Think of this place as a seafood market. You order the Fish / lobster / calamari etc by the pound, and you tell them how you want it to be cooked. You have an option of getting it fried , grilled or pan seared. The Calamari is amazing, fried of course. So is the shrimp in garlic butter sauce. Also ask for their hot sauce. It has a nice zing to it. For sides they have two kinds of rice, steamed veggies, dinner rolls, Potato wedges and salad. Did I mention its not too expensive? No alcohol here. Also they accept cash / debit, but no credit.Food : GreatService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
4	Good place for seafood restaurant. You go there and choose what are you like and then they cook for you with some spices.Place look good, I went there with my girlfriend. They give good portion of side dishes too like potato or rice.I ordered a grilled fish, and I liked it pretty good. My girlfriend ordered grilled salmon and also not bad.If you are a seafood lover, you should try this place. Their seafood look fresh ok when you order.
