5	Newest addition to the wynn lineup. XS' indoor/outdoor design is consistent with the motif of Blush and Tryst. Great organization of tables and easy-to-navigate walkways. Check it out.
4	[Last Visit: 12/31/08]Decided to spend New Years opening up the biggest club on the Strip ... good idea. This club is amazing, unlike anything i've ever seen before. Its behemoth size is reason alone to come check out the club. You'll find XS tucked in the Esplanade of shops of the Encore, which is actually connecting the Wynn and Encore. We arrived fairly early, with lines forming along the shop windows, and there were already a lot of people waiting to get in. Virtual Walkthrough:Once you pass the doorman and cashier, you're immediately ushered into a realm of sheer luxury and beauty. A coat check sits to your immediate left as you walk though the brilliant gold entryway. The walls are adorned with life-sized nude female reliefs trying to escape the wall and into the party scene ahead. Once you round the corner you can see all of XS in is brilliant glory, tables, dance floor, bars, spinning disco-chandelier that all lead to the pool, island, and cabanas. XS is set up identically to Tryst; once you enter if you proceed down the middle you will find yourself on the huge dance floor. Upon entry, however, if you veer to the right, you will find the restrooms and the bar. To the left, it is almost identical with the bar on the left. The space between the walkway and dance floor are littered with tables; it's almost endless. The real jewel of XS is (what I will refer to as) the Backyard. XS houses its own private pool complete with outdoor tables, day beds, and, of course cabanas (2 stories of them!) To the right of the pool you will find another bar and to the right of the bar, a staircase to access the second floor of cabanas. Directly behind the pool sits a little island complete with its own bar, and, yes, table games. There are maybe a dozen tables lined up (mostly blackjack) to enjoy while in the nightclub. There is ample, ample space to wander, frolic, and get lost, and there were even tables, bar stools, and heat lamps set up in the back for dancers whose feet started to ache. My thoughts:XS reminded me way too much of Tryst; it had an IDENTICAL layout. The only difference is XS is almost quadruple the size, and replace the waterfall with a pool and backyard play area. However, I must say the no attention to detail has been spared. From the different textures of the couches of table surface (not sure it is was REAL crocodile, but it sure felt like it), the lush cabanas, the spinning fans inside, the amazing bar nudes, or the 10ft rotating chandelier/light/disco-ball, XS is truly an excess of beauty, attention, and detail. Because I was here for NYE and the grand opening of the club, it was packed and all the tables were sold. However, I can hardly imagine this place reaching capacity and selling all 200 of its tables on just any given night. Perhaps the real charm and splendor of XS will be exhibited when the cold winter nights pass and bring on the warm dessert sun. It has been said that XS will open in the afternoon with the party outside, continuing to the wee hours of the morning, being able to utilize both portions of the club (I will still find it hard to fill up the entire space ... 90% of the people were inside on NYE). Bottom Line:If you like Tryst (which I do), you will most definitely love XS. It is a sight to see and an experience unlike anything else. I did enjoy the fact that when tables were not in use or "reserved" you were free to sit. Also, did I mention the club as at least half a dozen stripper poles scattered around? We know girls + booze + stripper poles = great times, and XS capitalized on this fact! A few poles are exclusive to certain tables, but we found about 4 that were open to the public (and when I say public, I mean the ladies). Check it out.
5	The most beautiful club I've been to in my life and now my new favorite.  We ooh'd and aah'd when we walked in. Probably the best night I've ever had in Vegas for reasons that shall stay in Vegas.  I think it cost Steve Wynn something like $100 mil to build this 40,000 sq ft club. Completely worth it.
4	This place is probably the most popular one to go to right now. They charged girls $20 and guys $30 unless you have local id, then it would be $20 I think. Here, you can find a younger crowd. There's a good mixture with music. This place is gorgeous. The whole Encore is worth walking around. Very nicely decorated.
4	This place was beautiful.  Looks very similar to Tryst in the Wynn, but much larger and somewhat more elaborate decor.  The walls have huge, gold female body-figures along the side, and lots of table-booth-space with a dance floor in the middle.  Big window-door opening to the outside which has a big pool and lots of space to dance around it.  I hear when it's warm you can play cards at the pool and dance/drink at the same time.  Sounds pretty cool, but since I was here in January, that wasn' thappening on our night.  A VIP host for the hotel helped get us in without much of a wait and no cover charge at all, helped that we were hotel guests, and we got there before 11pm.  Music was good and so were the drinks, staff was nice and helpful.  Decor, club and people were beautiful.
5	I went here on Saturday night 10 Jan 2009, at the culmination of 3 days of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and Adult Video News (AVN) awards, arguably the best convention week/end in Vegas each year.XS has been covered very well by the others here so I will just say a few words.  Actually two.  Absolutely amazing.I've partied in Dubai, Monaco, Paris, Moscow, London, on super-yachts, you name it - XS is hands down one of the three best of anywhere I have been, for many of the reasons stated by others and simply flawless execution by the club staff.WOW.
5	Completely different than anything we have here in Miami.  The only closest comparisons would be Space and Amnesia from back in the day.Let me start by telling you the story of how we got in.  I was here on Friday, the 9th of January.  Came here after the bf won big in Poker at the Wynn (We WIN at the Wynn!).  We met the coolest German couple while at the Poker tables, and the 4 of us, plus their friend, decided to continue the good times and check out the nightlife in the Club.  We had just come from Blush (before Poker), and we knew we needed something more hip and Vegas-like.We walked over to where the Encore and Wynn meet and that is where you will find XS.  It was about 1am when we arrived.  The place was absolutely packed out front, and the lines were ridiculous.  With 3 guys and 2 girls, we knew our chances were stiff...  So off goes the BF on his typical role...  He walked right up to the Manager and pulled his usual spiel - next thing I know the 5 of us are walking right in, in front of HUNDREDS of people.  When they ask us to pay, we were a little taken aback (hey, I thought courtesy was courtesy), but were quickly advised (LOUDLY) by the manager that he did us the courtesy already because chances were that the majority of the people we just walked by would even get in!  So we kept our mouths shut and paid the entrance.This place is HUGE.  I have never seen a nightclub with soooo much space inside.  And the crazier part was that it was COMPLETELY packed!It is nicely designed, with an indoor/outdoor combination of space that really make this venue what it is.  The middle of the dance floor is in wide-open space, with nothing but the moon and stars above you.   The sides of the clubs are covered/indoors.  The walls are decoratedly elaborately with gold figures of women's bodies that were tasteful and gorgeous.The vibe and energy that this place carries with it is just amazing!  I have not seen such a hyped up crowd in a very long time.  Maybe at an event as large as Ultra was the last time I felt something of that nature.The drinks were pretty reasonable, as compared to SoBe.  Nothing out of the ordinary in pricing.  The crowd is completely eclectic, with people from ALL OVER the world partying together in harmony in this one place.The DJ was decent overall, but to be honest, I've heard better DJs.  But this didn't change my opinion of the place, nor did it affect the mood of the club.  Just a personal note...Would love to see this place when the weather is warm, as there is a huge pool that apparently throws happenening pool parties over the summer!  :)LOVED this place and would definitely LOVE to see something similar open in Miami.  :)
5	this club is hands down the best club i have been to in Vegas.  During CES, we came here to party it up and buy bottles on a Friday night (Jan 9).  The VIP host took nothing but good care of us.  The music was awesome (really good house music and hip hop at times) and the crowd was good looking.Love the indoor/outdoor portions of the club, great place to go and dance all night.
5	bitchin !!!!!!!!!!
5	XS is the most stunning place EVER.  I am a huge fan of Tryst and the service they provide there.  Tryst had two problems:1.not enough bathrooms2.not enough stripper polesThey seriously solved the hell out of both of these problems!!!  Stripper poles disguised as very large chic light fixtures and more restroom stalls than Giant's Stadium.  The whole club is so stunning, no doubt it will be the number 1 spot in vegas.
4	We came here due to our new friends' recommendations. It was either here or Sunday School night at Body English. We thought we'd try here just cuz it was new. XS was very reminiscent of Tryst in terms of layout, just different decorations. The dance floor opened up to this courtyard/hangout area which was definitely nice for ventilation. Although there were bronzed silouhetted images of naked girls' bodies along the walls, the rest of the decor was nice. We immediately headed to the bar for a drink. Asked for a BJ, but they were out of whipped cream, so we basically got it without it. Our bartender Phil made it strong for us. Yum. However, we took 3-4 more shots later on throughout the night... but they must not have put any alcohol in there cuz we didn't feel a thing. This time we made our bachelorette do some of our "dare" cards that we brought along with us. Pretty harmless stuff, and again most of the guys here were relatively gentlemenly, save for the 1 guy that kept grabbing girls' butts. The crowd was a decent mix of guys and girls, and relatively young. I'd say older than those we saw at Prive, and younger than F Room. But then again, we were here on a Sunday night, and actually it was surprisingly crowded. By 3:30am, the crowd had subsided, but we were still dancing with some silly guys who liked doing the lawnmower. Nice... =) We got invited to a few after parties, but instead, we opted to eat and pass out.
3	I was staying at the Encore, and ended up waiting in the Reservations/Guest list line for 1 hour.    Watched while general admission got in just fine.   Finally gave up, and went into general admission after realizing only the bottle guests, and people who were bribing the bouncers  were getting in.    Luckily, the people overseeing that line took mercy(after noting we'd been waiting for as long as we had been).   The club was great once I got in, but the night was shadowed by the events preceding.   Needless to say, the club itself is quite impressive.   The atmosphere is highly upbeat, and there are tons of crazy and outgoing people, which adds to the excitement!Recommend the management seriously look into creating a separate line for hotel guests......Encore is a gorgeous hotel, but  when I stayed at the venetian, I got into Tao after only 5 minutes, and was treated much more cordially.
4	This club is amazing once you get inside... The reason I didn't give this a 5 star rating is because getting in was so disorganized that it was ridiculous.  Even the bouncers didn't really know how everything was organzied because I saw the head guy pull everyone over and have a meeting right there and talk about how they let people in! Disorganized much? We were standing in the hotel guest line too and it ended up being a jumble of people standing there.Anyways we ended up waiting 45 minutes because they didn't have a set system of letting people in.  The person that was running the line finally felt sorry for us because we were told that it would take 15-20 minutes.  I would of left if it wasn't for the fact that most of my friends were in there already. (My friend and I had arrived on a late flight) Luckily we didn't have to pay but I think they charge $20 after midnight for ladies and guys pay $20 regardlessOnce you get in though, the club is really nice.  It has a indoor/ outdoor portion which was nice if you needed some fresh air.  Drinks were really expensive but what can you expect from a vegas club.  There were areas where you could sort of sit down if you didn't get bottle service which -ladies - is great if you're wearing crazy heels and need a break.  The dance floor was nice and big so you didn't feel like you were getting smushed!  The crowd was good. A good mix of people a good ratio or girls to guys.  Definitely a place worth checking out.
3	A friend and I checked out the newest Vegas club on opening weekend located at Wynn's new hotel and casino, Encore.  XS is by far the most beautiful and stunning club I've ever partied at.  This is comparing all the clubs I've been to in Vegas, from the Bay, and all the way down to L.A.  The amount of detail was highly thought out and nothing was left untouched, which help make XS simply amazing and unreal.  Steve Wynn has truly outdone himself with this club.The club itself is huge and extremely luxurious.  Sexy curvy golden female figures are portrayed throughout the club in very good taste.  A huge rotating chandelier helps set the mood and highlight the dance floor.  Stripper poles are also staged all over the club, which helps intensify the sex appeal.  Similar to Wynn's Tryst, there is a huge poolside outdoor area, a perfect spot to cool down or catch some fresh air.  Though there is no waterfall, the outdoor area is much larger and elegant with plenty of seating & tables outside. One of the coolest things about the outside area is there are also gambling tables, mostly consisting of blackjack tables.My only complaint regarding the club I experienced was the music.  First off, I didn't like the location of the DJ booth, which is located all the way in the back and is very hidden.  I spent a few minutes trying to figure out if there was a live DJ or if they were playing random cds.  Granted that we went on a Sunday night, but the music was horrible at best.  The transition between songs was way off and the selection of music was highly suspect and sucked. I know me and my friend couldn't have been the only people feeling this way with the music, because when I looked at other people dancing I noticed at times they would stop/pause as well.Summary: Looks alone club XS is visual eye candy 5+ stars, but the substance (music/DJ) is only 1 star at best. I think I have to try another night because a few people mentioned the music was good on Friday and Saturday night. I hate to rate this place this low because I really liked the place, it's just I wasn't feeling the music and that's a big part of the experience.
5	XS.....very similar layout to Tryst....great layout but liked the waterfall at Tryst better than the pool at XS.  XS is much bigger then Tryst but other then that the same vibe and feel.  Same prices ($30 for guys, $20 for girls) I think.....drinks are about $16-18.....same crazy line!  Different experience then the night before getting into Tryst bc now we had a bachelor party with us and were on a list.  Did go to XS on a Sunday night but it was during a 3 day weekend and the the music was....eh!  I read someone elses review that also went on a Sunday night and had a similar feel about the music.  Still a great club and had a great time but unlike everyone else, I (and my friends) liked Tryst better....but let me say this.....Tryst was a Saturday night after only one other night of drinking.....XS was on a Sunday after staying up Friday and Saturday until 6 am then sleeping all day to do it all over again.  Definitely will go to XS again and it is still a fabulous club but just a compared to Tryst just wasn't as good.....was it due to the club or just my tiredness who knows? But still a HOT HOT HOT club and well worth the money and line (but also coming from someone who didn't experience either the monetary setback or the long lines).
5	This place really wowed me. It makes TAO look like crap! I don't see any negatives this club has to offer but let me point out a few things:+ The roomiest place EVER! You don't feel like you are suffocating on the dance floor+ The dance floor opens up to the outside by an extravagant pool/cabanas area+ Bottle service treatment is excellent. Bottles are $475 for every 3 people, but this includes your cover (usually up to $30-$35/person on weekends). We went with a group of friends for a close friend's birthday and had a blast! The XS crew was constantly checking up on us and cleaning the area around us+The dance floor plays Top 40, HipHop, & oddly enough a lot of House. There are also a lot of stripper poles which is quite funny but entertaining!+ Lots of restrooms, which meant..no lines! Not even on a Saturday Holiday weekend..crazy!I am looking forward to come here again when I am in Vegas...I have honestly experienced nothing better than this.
5	they definitely went over the top with the venue here.  there was lots of space in the club and lots of places to relax and have a drink.  the music here could have been better. they played a lot of unrecognizable house music, but the venue and space more than makes up for it.
5	Club was AMAZING.  Had everything you would want/expect out of a Vegas clubbing experience.  Large/grand venue, great music, hot people...even ran into Ice-T and his wife Coco (who looks WAY hotter in person).  Always nice to run into a celebrity.  Reassures you in your belief that you are actually somewhere worth going to!
5	If you can get in, this club is absolutely AMAZING!  Fortunately, we only waited 15 minutes.  Aside from the $15 drinks, this club tops any other in every aspect.  On Saturday nights, entry fees are $30 for guys and $20 for women. As soon as you're in, everyone treats you like a rock star.  For example, I walked into the restroom and I had 2 or 3 ushers saying, "Welcome to the restroom." I thought to myself, Are you f'ing serious?  Then they proceeded to brush the lent off my back as I washed my hands.  This shit was so funny because I saw some guys sneaking out without washing their hands to avoid leaving a tip or to save themselves the embarrassment.  Anyway, this club has it all; good music, classy set-up, beautiful women, and if you have the money, $100 min. blackjack tables in the center of the pool overlooking the club. A must do in Vegas!
4	Had a fun night at XS just a week after it opened-- I really liked the space (although it is HUGE)- and the music was very danceable.  However-- I thought it was strange that it was pretty much a replica of Tryst.. I would've thought that more creativity would have gone into creating a brand new club.  The layout, music, dancers and overall scene made for a fun long night...if you can get in, it's worth it.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas.  Not only is the place gorgeous (it opens up to a view of the swimming pool) but its huge, there are odd places to sit here even if you don't get bottle service, and the people are generally pretty classy.  It makes Tryst's waterfall look like a kiddie pool.I was with two other girls and we got in very easily, but it seemed like the place was more exclusive.  But I like that because it wasn't super crowded and sweaty inside.  The drinks are normal Vegas priced.  I'm not sure because we mainly mooched off strangers' bottle service.  The night was also very memorable because got to be little teenyboppers and party with Jesse McCartney.
5	I love it... Sexy atmosphere, lots of sexy girls.. great music.. Long lines but hey it is Vegas... Better than Tryst for sure... Check it out, you ll have a great time !!!
5	This place is hands down the best club in Vegas. Wait scratch that. This is the best club that I've been to from San Francisco to LA to Vegas. What was so fabulous about XS: - The extravagant decor. Million and millions were spent on this place and it actually shows. - The indoor/outdoor layout. Yes it's just like Tryst but XS's outdoor area totally smashes on Tryst's waterfall. - The pool/lagoon and the bar right smack in the middle of it. Can't wait to see how it's used during the summertime. - The size of the club. It's huge! No need to push and shove even if it's crowded. - The crowd. You don't get your typical freshly-turned 21 crowd like in Tao. - Seating. Even if you don't have bottle service, you can still sit in a booth/reserved spot if it's not being utilized. - Music. Well the music for the first hour that we were there was top notch and totally danceable to. After that, you can tell they switched DJ's as it was straight hip hop from then on. - Lighting. With the chandelier and lights beaming on the dance floor, you totally get that club vibe, unlike some places where it's just dim to dark everywhere.I'm not sure about the drink prices as my fiance paid for everything. And not sure about entrance fees as we got in for free.To sum it up, I had the best time at XS then in the other Vegas clubs that I've been too. Some places really have to step up their game now.
5	This place is absolutely gorgeous. That is how I'm going to start every review that has to do with the new hotel Encore attached to the Wynn, or This place took my breath away, something along those lines. We got table reservations through Alvin. 6 Tables for about 35 people. Everything was organized. Top notch service from the moment we walked in till we stumbled out. Wendy was our waitress, she was smokin' hot and she gave us great service. I have nothing bad to say about this place, the strippers were talented, they didn't just shake their booty. The pole tricks they did were amazing. Makes me want to install a pole in my bedroom, pronto. All other clubs Blush with inadequacy to XS. To even think they are on the same level is laughable. Pure is just a plain rip off, bottle service at Pure is more expensive and the service is TIRED. I absolutely love XS and I will be back.
4	As the general consensus shows, a beautiful venue....good design layout for the most part, getting some air at the pool is definitely nice. Only negative in my view was the music, sat. night was house/hi energy til 1 am when the hip hop beats came on and bammmmm everybody was booty shaken til 4 am!!!!  Lines are loooooooooooong, but waiting in line is for suckas, just get up to the front and spit some game and you can get in....of course for ladies and the more the better, it's no problem...if you're all HOTTTTTT....
5	What a beautiful club! Definitely my new favorite in LV. The space is just gorgeous, and while Tryst has the waterfall, XS has a gorgeous pool. Once the heat returns to LV this club is going to be AMAZING! The five of us were luck enough to meet the owner,Cy, so we didn't wait in line, pay cover, or pay for a single drink all night. If you aren't a bunch of hot girls, expect to wait in line.....the line was HUGE! The VIP bottle service included fresh squeezed juices as mixers, I'm talking watermelon juice and vodka......I was impressed. The DJ was great, we danced the night away and I didn't even have to take off my shoes from exhaustion :P I also really appreciate a club where they don't pack it so full of people that  you can't move....XS definitely has it down so there are enough people for it to be fun, but not enough to make it feel claustrophobic. I am a sucker for hot go go dancers, and XS wins, hands down. These girls were hot, and most importantly, they looked like they were having fun....which really makes the overall experience so much better. LOVE XS, I'm thinking of getting a table here for my 25th birthday in June....I cannot wait to come back!!!
5	my friends and i were completely partied out...we don't get out too often, so we completely left all we had at Tao the night before, and spent some 4 hours at the Encore pool & hot tub drinking the day away with Mojitos(i know, for 12$ a drink, this is steep BUT the pineapple mojito is amazing - and a day of lounging is priceless)my friend got us on the Guest List at XS, which, typically for the clubs on the Strip, doesn't mean shit. they barely check any lists, you wait in a comparably shorter line and you still pay the cover.However, this list means you cut in line, and if you're a girl, no cover. ROCKS! we definitely came in here to scope out the scene for the next crazy Vegas visit!!!----------------------------------------------------------we didn't really party here, it was relatively quieter Sunday evening - even that being it was Superbowl weekend. The venue is BEAUTIFUL and breathtaking... walk down the stairs, you see very trendy night club seating and tables, with stripper poles that adorn most of the seating. in the background beyond the dance floor, you see the lighted gazebo-like structure that is the outside pool bar... the light and the setting takes you out of Vegas and places you at a Monte Carlos like resort south of France (at least, what I would imagine for it)they had go go dancers on the sides of the dancefloor on a small stage, and also one on top of the pool side circular bar... the pool side has plenty of seating like comfortable couches, and even big billowy beds for getting comfy. candlelight adorn this place, the cabanas turn into table service. i can imagine having a rocking party here, especially if the weather was warmer.The group seems dressier or classier than that of Tao - the age range is bigger here, some of the older crowd also come to this place. This is Vegas in its finest feathers.I didn't have anything to drink, but i'd imagine it would be similar to the drinks by the poolside we had earlier since the same bar also serves the XS night club at night.Perfect venue - fun for a big group - and romantic with your sweet baboo. The pool is beautiful - i should know, i swam in the cold water earlier in the day. 5 Star venue, a must to go back to for partying in the future.
1	As everyone here has already stated - the club is gorgeous. Why do I give it one star? Because of the people who run it. Here's my story.I went with 4 friends to celebrate the opening on New Year's 2009. I had purchased tickets ($150/guy) well in advance so I get there @10pm and the line is 200 yards long. WTF? Ok, I'll wait here and I should be in by 11-11:30pm right - just in time for New Year's toast? NO WAY!While waiting I saw hot girls walking by on their phones going like ".. ok, I need to go around the back? ok..." Apparently the scumbag bouncers were letting people in for bribes through the back of the club. Nice going bouncers! We paid $600 to just sit here in line? BOUNCERS ARE SCUMBAGS!Two of my friends decide to leave and come back later. Two of us finally get in @12:30am, the New Year's "toast" was in line - nice going!We're in and I order a drink. I left my drink on a table next to me while checking out the people around me. My glass was half-full and bus boys tried to take my drink on two occasions!!! I was like WTF is wrong with you people?! The glass is HALF-FULL not empty!!! STOP STEALING MY DRINK! I PAID $10 for the damn beer! Gee!Since the reservation was in my name and my other two friends just called because they were about to get in I went there to let them in. But the bouncers would not let them in because the bouncers said my friends had already got in?! I was like WTF? The stupid bitch who let us in had signed off on all 4 names (as opposed to signing off on 2 of us only) and now my FRIENDS could not get in?! Unbeliveable!!! So my friends never got in! $300 down the drain right there!Listen to this: I heard that even the cabana people who paid $3000 couldn't get in until midnight!I mean: these bouncers should be fired! Why are they letting people around the back? is $150 not enough? If so why not tell us? Price it right, for god's sake! Why do I have to bribe these fat scumbags to get in?!The whole New Year's event was badly organized, absolute lack of leadership, everyone was doing whatever they wanted.
4	I saw boobs!Ok so they were the golden sculptures of the female body that overlook the bars and the sexy theme is continued throughout the nightclub.  XS definitely does not stand for extra small as this club has plenty of room for drinking, dancing, and watching the several go-go dancers.Atmosphere:XS is extravagant, extraordinary, and exceptional.  Plenty of details were taken care of at this sister nightclub to Tryst from the dancefloor opening into the pool area to the state of the art sound system.  Music is not too loud or obnoxious and the lighting is just right without feeling as if you're inside a laser light show.  The DJ spun a random mix of Top 40, hip hop, and some house, but I wasn't impressed with the song selections. The crowd on the night I attended was a decent mix of people and uncrowded.  It was a Sunday, so I didn't expect much.  Less people means easier to order a drink at the bar.Drinks:Plenty of choices and prices that are what you would expect from Vegas, meaning way too much.  It was my b-day so I got plenty of free drinks anyway.Line:On the Sunday I attended there was a minimal wait in line from what I could see, but I didn't have to worry as I was "on the list."  The next evening a Monday night there seemed to be a very very long line and I'm glad I didn't have to wait in it.  No line for the bathroom, which is major plus as well.Overall, great club!  I would go back in a heart beat, especially if I'm staying at the Wynn or Encore.  I would like to go back on a busier night to compare it.  Probably would have given another star, but I'm pretty jaded with nightclubs as I've been going way too long and way too often.
5	4.5 starsADMISSION:  We went on a monday night, at 11:45pm, a girl with two guys.  Supposedly "industry" night, which I guess is when the locals come out to play?  Anyway, the lines weren't too long, of course crowded around the rope.  They let you in with a carbon copy ticket with your names and the # of ppl coming in with you.  We were supposed to have been put on the guest list by a friend who works at the Wynn, but the girl with the list didn't find us on there.  Nevertheless, I never felt ignored by her (as some pretentious club workers do, very annoying) - and even though she didn't find us on the list after she really tried hard to find our names, she let us in all in for free anyways.  Already a plus!VENUE:  Very beautiful and trendy looking inside.  Beautiful decor, beautiful people everywhere, as expected for the Encore hotel.  See the other reviews and pics about the place - loved the inside-outside aspect of it, and if it weren't the end of January, I would been outside by the pool!  SERVICE:  Bars weren't TOO crowded, and bartenders were pretty fast.  All the women bartenders and cocktail waitresses had beautiful attire (creme colored sequin tops with sweetheart necklines  - so cute, made me want to work here almost, haha).    The bathrooms had attendants in bow-ties that guided you to the next open bathroom, and they didn't bug you about tipping them, not even a tacky tip jar on the counter.  AND the stalls had a little shelf for your drink.  Yay!CROWD:  As I stated above, beautiful people everywhere.  But what I liked about this place is that they also had a very mixed crowd- people dressed up in suits and expensive cocktail dresses, people dressed in costume-like outfits (I think I saw a peacock-type dress on a gal) as well as "normal" people dressed more casually.  Young and old.  Reserved and wild. I loved it!  I also loved that there were stripper poles and stages throughout the club where you could people watch - so many drunk girls showing their goods "by accident"?  Never seen such classy girls show so much butt crack and leg and pretend to be strippers.  LOL.  I think they made the tables in a way to allow people to hang out and put their drinks down around the outsides since they have a little place to prop your foot and put your drinks down.  A plus for those looking for a spot to chill in between dances.DRINKS = PRICEY.  Minus half a star for this.  A crown and diet coke was $12.  And from the reviews on the table prices, ridiculous! ($475 per 3 people, do the math!!!)  Please PREGAME at the casinos and save your loot for food afterwards!  Haha.  But really, I guess it's expected for such a trendy club in vegas.MUSIC - loved it!  Apparently it was DJ Shift, who played a great mix - especially loved the mash-ups.  He played mostly hip hop, top 40s, and house-y type music.  The only thing that would have made it better is if he played 80s!  My fav.OVERALL- Awesome - Possibly one of the best I've been to.  Had everything I was looking for in a club - beauty everywhere, fun, great music and atmosphere, and clean.  And the staff didn't seem too uptight both letting you in and while you were in.  Definitely check this place out if you ever go to Vegas looking for a great place to party!
2	Not sure why there is so much hype about this club. I do give it to them the decor is nicely done. If I had to review them on the decor alone I would probably give club XS four stars. Pretty spacious area with it opening up to the pool. Perfect for a warm summer night. Since I just went this past weekend in Feb didn't get to really take advantage of it since it was freezing cold. The walls were covered in gold naked statues and they had this gorgeous chandelier hanging in the middle of the dance floor reflecting all the lights. Maybe it was because the club is still new but It was packed! I didn't like the feeling of being so squashed. Since we decided on opting out of getting a table, we were stuck battling it out on the dance floor. People elbowing, drunk girls leaning on you, and people shoving you around. Since there was nowhere to sit you had to just brace yourself and prepare to not be pushed down. Not only was it to crowded but something about the type of people there that night was just a little off. It was a much older crowd - I would say early thirties and even older for some of the groups I saw. Not only was the crowd whack but the music choice was weird! They had everything from trance to oldies and a some new music mixed into it. I'm glad that I didn't have to pay for entrance or I would have been PISSED!
4	Nice place.  Layout is pretty much exactly like Tryst, but on a larger scale, which is nice.  The decor and lighting is beautiful.  The lights made the dancefloor kinda hot (even in the beginning w/ few people on the dancefloor).  But nothing major to complain about.  The only thing that was a negative was that it seemed like a way older crowd.  And the music was mainly house, which I like, but it went on for too long.  I noticed Cali C. said they play hip hop at 1?  Damn.  Shoulda stayed longer then!  :)  Anyway, all in all it's a nice place.  I'd go again.
5	Beyond its ironically-modest facade is a gyrating pleasure-dome of private booths, tables, dance poles, an amply bass-intensified dance floor with a massive rotating disco-ball-mirror-tiled chandelier overhead, that opens up to a glowing pool surrounded by 2 levels of outdoor private cabanas. Along the perimeter of the stadium-like venue are well-staffed bars and gold-lamme sunken-relief sculptures of women's silhouettes giving the feel of a modern day colloseum where 'gladiators' battle each other not with swords & stones, but with which pole-dancing-guest can get the most attention & praise or which table's party can be most XS-ive...The opulent gold-theme is well executed throughout the venue from the sculptures to the furnishings all the way down to the gold straws in your drink.While Tryst is amazing by virtue of the fact its dancefloor opens up onto a waterfall; XS is all about EXCESS and it makes no apology for its over-the-topness by offering not only magnums & jeroboams, but Methuselah's of Dom Perignon and Louis Roederer Cristal!If you aren't looking for a bare-knuckle, taurine-filled night of X-Sightment, keep out!
5	Really?  I mean, really?  How can it get better than walking into a lavish nightclub that features a 5 story waterfall?Somehow it does with XS.  As John Eric S. says, "a gyrating pleasure dome" describes this place perfectly. This club is the epitome of opulence.  A gold theme everywhere, all the way down to the gold straws in your drink.  The layout is pretty much identical to Tryst, the only difference being the large pool surrounded by lavish cabana rooms where the waterfall would be.  There are strip poles at every table, and naturally the pole dancing competitions ensue nightly, so guys: bring some 1's (or 20's like a lot of the guys here) for the ladies!!!The hottest new club in Vegas.  I'm scared for the upcoming summer parties here...Rehab, watch your back.However, as is the case with most club hosts in Las Vegas, getting a good, solid table here can prove to be difficult.  When I requested info for a table on the website, all I received was an anonymous text message 4 days later giving vague, ambiguous instructions as to our reservation. However, everything worked out in the end, but only due to Genevieve's Wrath on the XS hosts.  Buck up.
4	ok. . i don't really know how much this cost, but my coworkers and i definitely had to buy 4 bottles to even get in.  that said, after you get 4 bottles it's really easy to get in.  i don't really know why everyone reports that the people here are hot, because they look like the typical sleezy, slicked hair, sequined, orange skinned, just flew in from LA, crashing 6 to a room, vegas crowd.  that said, the abundance of stripper poles and outdoor access was welcomed.  *that* said, my friend got $1300 in chips stolen out of his jacket.  *that* said, he made the $1300 drunk at the awesome blackjack tables/bar/island in the middle of the swimming pool. *that* said, aforementioned blackjack tables/bar/island wasn't that fun cause it was raining.  *that* said, the staff kindly thought of us hours after we arrived and moved us indoors when a table opened up.  *that* said i was leered at all night by aforementioned creepy slicked hair vegas crowd.  *that* said, i got stuck by the thighs levitating on aforementioned stripper pole.  *that* said, i knocked over someone's drink as a dislodged myself ungracefully from stripper pole.  *that* said, the aforementioned kind staff didn't seem to mind.  *that* said, i would say overall i had a solid time.
4	Here's the thing about house music:  it's terrible.  What are you supposed to do with it?  You can't really dance to it, unless jumping up and down and banging your head counts as dancing.  It's also such a tease because you think one of your favorite songs is starting but you soon realize that your beloved "sexy back" has been butchered by the house DJ and you end up having to convulse to the repetition of "baby I'm your slave" set over techno beats for 15 minutes.  I can understand maybe a half hour set of house music for the hardcore ravers at a club, but this place had it playing the ENTIRE night.  Come ON.  Other than the music this place is slammin.  My buddy Jimmy got us all in through one of the many hookups he has.  He kept pumping this place up, saying it was a 100-million-dollar club and it just opened.  Well that 100 mil was well spent cuz this place is just huge and beautiful.  The dance floor is connected to an open air area with a pool (which i'm sure is nutso during the summers).  Nice club.  Bad music.  Minus one star (and you're lucky it's just the one).  Get a better DJ and I'll boost you up to 5.
5	Gorgeous place! Came here for opening night on New Years and had a table/bed by the pool. I mention this because even tho it was chilly, the staff did their best to try and keep us warm. They brought extra heat lamps, blankets(lol for real), and moved us to another table when we asked. They were often checking in on us to make sure we were ok with everything. Considering it was open night and super hectic, this was impressive. Our security guy even walked me to and from the ladies room lol.Like other people have mentioned the layout, it does remind me of Tryst. I never got why so many people liked Tryst or what the big deal was. XS seems to be the more sophisticated sibling of Tryst. It's like they thought of how Tryst could be better and made it happen here. There are gold accents everywhere.. as soon as you walk in there is a gorgeous gold wall sculpture ,, the entryway itself is beautiful. The tables are more spacious, and the layout just seems to be easier to navigate thru and makes more sense then Tryst.. if you get what I mean. Like you don't have to struggle thru tight spaces or take detours to get to where you have to go. There's more room for people to stand around or dance, and therefore there's more room for people to get thru when needed. The pool area is much bigger than Trysts and it follows the aesthetic theme of XS's inside.. meaning, it's gorgeous. The cabanas are setup like little hotel rooms.. with TV's, mini bars, sofas and indoor/outdoor seating. They're also walled vs just curtained off. The music is pretty much the same as Trysts.. only I noticed more dance/house which to me is a plus. Some little details stand out as well. Such as the champagne glasses, which are much different here than most other clubs. They have gold(surprise lol) tiled bottom parts.. so pretty. And with our champagne came berries and chocolates.. how nice! It seems to me like XS cares about providing their patrons with extras here, and not like they're just going through the motions. I'm definitely a fan of XS! Just when I thought I was "over" Vegas lol!
4	I needed a change up from the usual clubs in Vegas, so I decided to shell out a $30.00 admission fee to XS.  We arrived pretty early, so it was dead.  As the night progressed and the club got more crowded, the atmosphere woke up and I had a great time.  If you're looking for bottle service, you'll have plenty of room to drink and dance.  I heard from several people that it can be a bit pricey, but what bottle service isn't? The club arrangement was pretty nice.  There is an entrance that leads to the outside with a great viewing of the pool.  Steve Wynn has impressed me with his beautiful decor.  The only gripe that I have is that drinks are quite expensive.  My friend Tai said that the best part of the club was washing your hands and getting a massage at the same time (quite creepy, but whatever floats your boat).
4	got in free on a friday night. it helps to be with a large group of girls. the guys with us had to pay $30 but still got in right away. the decor is very lavish and excessively gold...but hence the name. i liked that it opened up to the pool area so there was a lot of ventilation to the club. my only gripe is that the music was horrible. a lot of house and just random stuff. i don't know about you but i normally don't go to a club to get down to coldplay. otherwise its a very nice spot. we would have stayed much longer if the music was better.
3	"PUT YO HANDS IN THE AIR, PUT YOU HANDS IN THE AIR!"That's what you will be hearing for 4 hours if you come to XS on a house music night. House, no problem. But stupid ass breakdowns where people just stand there and stare at each other is pretty whack.Thank goodness we got in for free, though our TWO male friends suffered a $30 cover charge. But thanks to our large party we were all able to split it.The actual club itself is quite beautiful. It looks a lot like Tryst but better. I love that a part of it opens up to the pool outside. But honestly, get a better DJ.
5	Setup reminds me of Tryst but more spacious and with a pool instead of a waterfall. Beautiful club..the layout makes the club very easy to get through and not impossible to find lost members of your drunken party.  Lots of tables and cabanas--right in the middle so you don't miss out on any of the action.  I hate when clubs put tables in darkened corners or only along the edges of the dance floor..what am I paying for?? (cough, Tao.)  Music: Top 40s mash ups..wish they played a little more techno/house but that's what Drai's after hours is for.Be sure to take a good look around the club before getting smashed its well worth the proper gander.Same routine as any other club..if you don't have a hook be sure to fork out the cash, tip your bartender WELL so you get stiffer drinks throughout the night, dress well, have more girls then guys..or no guys at all.  If you're a group of guys..dress sharp and get a table. Tip the guy at the door, blah blah..(I hate how people complain about this all the time.)Crowd was pretty nice..but you can never get away from the not so classy, oh so douchebagy, or butter-faced bitches.  But you're here to have fun with your friends, so go do that so you can look back on forgotten yet memorable pictures at brunch the next day!Cons: UGLY go-go dancers that can't dance for anything.  It kinda takes away from the beauty of the club.
4	So I finally got to Vegas after working at the dentist.. yes... I WORK AT A DENTIST.. anyways... after my delayed flight out of sfo.. my bf and I still managed to get out to XS because I was throwing my cousin 21st in Vegas.. The place is gorgeous and I love how the VIP tables are spread throughout the club and not like other clubs where its smashed into everything and makes it hard for everyone to walk around and so on.. The place is nice and has an open airy feeling to it.. you don't feel like you suffocating. the dance floor is pretty big but its only crowded because everyone wants to battle on the dance floor or something... They have poles on top of stands practically all over the club and by the walk way to the dance floor. So we all got a free dance from some skanky chick working the pole like she's a stripper [I kid you not she probably is] she was wearing a dress and lifting up her skirt and showing the full moon like nothing... with no shame... and doing tricks on the damn thing.. go on with your bad self but damn... no class working the pole.. this isn't a strip club honey... the place is classy but the whore worked the pole... for a regular grey goose \with pineapple is $14.00... careful when you walk down to the dance floor you WILL SLIP AND FALL [which my cousin did] AND GOT UP LIKE A PRO LIKE NOTHING HAPPENED... they have multiple bars and a nice pool areas.. check this place out though... its a nice spot..
3	Like the other reviewers said, the place is like tryst, but has a much bigger exterior. you can actually go outside and there are seats around the pool area and an extra bar in the back. This is probably the best looking club I've been to but thier music sucks...I don't even remember what they played and I wasn't even drunk...drinks are average, but what's great about the drinks is that they actually use the bigger cups which is better for your buck...The bartenders are crappy though..they don't know how to work the bar..they keep going back to one spot to serve and neglect the ones on the each side ofthe bar...inefficient....plus they ignore you which doesnt help...I would come back here just to chill, but not to dance though.
5	This is my fave. club in Vegas hands down. Great layout of the place - 2 bars to spread out lines, great dance floor, and totally sweet outside seating surrounding the lagoon. The crowd was cool, the music was hot, and Snoop Dogg even showed up for a night :) It's tough to get in, so either go early, get on a list, show some green, or... just drop the guys in your group ;)Totally worth the trouble of getting in - you'll love it!
5	Tryst, lemme upgrade ya. The grand daddy of all clubs in XS. Got diamonds on your neck?Patron in your cup?Good, let's PARTAY.because Ella quiere su Rumba
5	To be honest, I wasnt in the clubbing mood.. my friends suggested we head out to Tao.. reluctantly I gave in, but at the last minute we decided to try our luck at XS, in the new Encore.. The lines were very very long, and super chaotic.. but somehow my friend managed to get us in.. no cover charge, and zip through the line.. we werent even on a guest list, nor did we have bottle service.What I saw inside, made me change my mind about going to Vegas nightclub entirely.  The decor! The ambiance!  The pool!  The music! I can not even begin to describe just how amazing this club turned out to be.  The moment we walked in, my mood to dance arose, and I immediately got a drink in my hand to fuel that mood...Lets just say calling XS classy, is an understatement.  It is the mother of all the clubs I have seen in Vegas!  Its got four bars-- yes four-- Two inside, one near the pool, and one near the tables!  Depending on which bar you go to, the wait could be very veyr short... the music was great- the crowd was SO energetic!  Usually the music at the clubs is average, but this one was very surprising-  the DJ was awesome!  And the crowd on the dance floor loved it!  I will definitely make a trip back to the club, with my fingers crossed that I can actually get in again! :)Worth the trip if you make it to Vegas and want to experience an amazing club!
5	It's pretty much Tryst on steroids.
4	new "it" club in vegas. the venue is HUGE. the decor is over the top, typical steve wynn status. if you like tryst you'll like this place. really really similar except for the fact that the dance floor isn't puny and claustrophobic. I can't wait to see what this place will be like in the summer when the outside will be more utilized!
4	Oh yeah! I finally get to see what Tryst is like?? I thought I was going to XS. Amazing how they replicated the club almost exactly like Tryst. Think of something new, geez. I'm not complaining, just wouldv'e been nice to see a fresh new look.The outside was different. No waterfall here, they have a pool instead. Ha. With a few tables in the middle of the pool. Awesome! Drunk people losing their money to the casino in the club! Don't have to wait to go out to the casino tables.I was thinking, wow, I'm suprised they had a pool that no one can swim in just for the club, but then I started noticing warning signs for people who swim in the pool. Is this, the pool for the hotel guests?? Wow, genius but I'm not impressed anymore. No 5 stars for lack of originality, but 4 star is still good.
3	I hate clubs, but if you're going to do a club in Vegas, this should be it.  The door was annoying, but I guess that's the schtick.  The drinks were expensive, but hey, I'm from New York, so actually the prices were about average for a night out.  The club itself is insane.  It's huge!  and it spills out from the indoor dancing area into the inner courtyard/pool.  Even on a chilly February night, XS accommodated its guests with heat lamps spread throughout the pool area... which definitely help keep away the cold unless you are already rubbing up against some random stranger.
4	XS is by far the prettiest club I have been to in Vegas.  Encore, you have outdone yourself.Maybe I'm just mesmerized by the pool area.Seats in the pool?  CheckPatio seating?  CheckBedding outside?  Check.  Though not that comfortable.Heat lamps!  Check.Outdoor blackjack area?  Check.  Note: if you don't want to pay for drinks and am a gambler, just stay a while at the blackjack area to get a free drink instead.The only minus is that the DJ sucks.  S/he does not know how to spin and get the crowd into it.  We didn't end up dancing much because of that, which may be a good thing considering the amount of eye candy there...(not much).The lines are insane.  Girls are lucky to get in for free.  Guys, be prepared to shell out that $30.
5	Steve Wynn, HAVE MERCY!!  Once again, you've created the best damn nightclub in Las Vegas, hands down.XS is reportedly the most expensive nightclub ever built, and it shows.  Take everything that's awesome about the decadent Tryst Nightclub at the Wynn, from decor to music to vibe to awesome bathroom -- then crank it up to 11.  Then you have XS.Though other clubs try (*cough*BANK*cough*), nobody can match XS for the decadence of its interior -- gold and sparkle everywhere, but especially the fact that it opens up onto a POOL!  (We were there in January, so nobody was jumping in -- wonder if that will happen when I return in June!)I was there on a Sunday.  The music was pumping.  The drinks were strong and the lines at the bar weren't long at all.  The crowd was definitely good-looking (though you always find a few scary randos at every club).  Best of all, I think the natural layout of curved pathways around tables, which is similar to Tryst's, is what makes the vibe so great.AND we got to hang out with Ice-T and his glamorous wife Coco!  (No, I did not get to feel her boobs.)As a Vegas nightlife aficionado, I can say that XS gets it EXACTLY right.  I'm counting down the days until I return!
5	sick.sick.sick.dont kno about lines.dont kno about coverbut the club was crazeeand everyone went home with their night's loversurprise attendance by owueven saw ti do the skankyleg all over jihoon
5	XS nightclub!!!!! Where do I even begin???One word, IMMACULATE!  XS is by far the BEST looking nightclub in Las Vegas!  - Decided to go to XS nightclub @ The Encore on a Friday evening (March 6).  As you approach the XS entrance, you'll notice the clientele you will be dealing with throughout the evening. Dress to impress is a MUST and DO NOT take this lightly.- There were 11 of us (guys) in total celebrating a bachelor party.- The reservation was for 3 bottles based on 11 individuals situated right in front of the dance floor on the outside. Heated lamps by our table but to be honest, once you've had a fair amount of drinks, your temp rises anyway ;)- Love the concept of an open patio which allows the club to air itself out and gives club goers the ability to walk around the pool. - Even during peak times, I was able to walk in and out of the patio area (where our booth was) from the inside of the club.- Our waitress and the other XS staff managing our table did a commendable job that evening.- Once all the bottles were completely dried out, we still held onto our table and partied until approximately 4am.- Music was mashups, house and top 40 and our crew had no issues with the flow.- Outside pool area with a gambling area & cabanas is worth checking out throughout the evening.  I know REHAB & TAO Beach have the summer season on lock down but XS can definitely compete but I guess we'll see this summer.Highlight of my evening was battling and dancing house with one of the many people I had met that evening and meeting Jermaine Dupri (aka. JD) of course.Overall, the experience (for us) at XS was first-class and I definitely recommend bottle service especially if you're dealing with just guys (ie. bachelor party).The Las Vegas anthem for us this past weekend was "Blame It" by Jamie Foxx feat. T-Pain......"Blame it on the Goose!....."  Ya dig! ;)
5	First off, the bouncers were really nice and weren't snobby like some of the other club bouncers in Vegas. We walked right in and so did the guys we rolled with (except they had to pay $30). Not bad at all! Don't be fooled by the massive crowd that gathers at the front, they're just trying to get in for free or they have tables. Other than that, the general admin lines weren't long at all. So guys, this your best shot at getting in. Gold covered walls and decor, poles, good variety of music, quick service at the bar. I've heard that it's something like a 9.9 million dollar club. The tables for bottle service looked really small, so I don't know if it's worth getting one. The set up is very similar to Tryst, but the outside area is what makes this club so amazing. A huge shallow swimming pool that looked like a lake, with beds in the water. Yes, you can chill and lay on these things. There's a walkway to the middle of the pool where there's a big bar shaped like a carousel. The waterfall at Tryst has nothing on this club. I had a blast here and I'd definitely come back again and again.
5	Of course anywhere in Vegas there will be a line but fortunately we didn't have to wait long with a drop of our hosts name.  I came in extremely ill from being sick.  Not from partying too much but really ill and managed to force myself to see XS.  I'm glad I did!  Lady Gaga says she wants her music to make you feel like a celebrity and I think XS has done just that.  Walking in is absolutely breath taking.  People said just imagine Tryst just bigger.  I'd say ten times better.  This place is definitely not your mundane clubs your used to.  I can't wait to visit this place once I'm actually well enough to enjoy it!  An absolute must-see!
4	I've visited a few clubs on the strip in Vegas (Pure, Tao, Tryst) and so far, XS is my favorite.  Let's just say that for the most part, XS lives up to the hype.BOTTLE SERVICE:We were there this past Saturday celebrating a couple of birthdays and had booked a table for bottle service through one of the promoters.  Prices for bottles start at $450 (for rum); starting prices for vodka is $460 (for Absolut).  We were a group of nine ladies and our minimum was three bottles (one bottle for every three).  Factor in tax/gratuity and our bill came to $1,800 (or less, if you're going to be cheap on gratuity).  Don't know if bottle prices are lower on less busy nights.  WARNING ABOUT BOTTLE SERVICE SEATING:Ok, so we were led by our host to a tiny table and were told this is our spot for the night for our group of nine.  We were sandwiched in between two other tables.  Since the tables to the right and left of us were already occupied, there were only enough "seats" left to fit four of us.  So, I refused to sit and asked the host to find us another spot as I am paying for three bottles.  I felt that I should be accommodated for our group of nine.  We were told that it was a very busy night and they are filled to capacity.  He tried to get us relocated to a cabana (outside) but was told none was available.  After standing around for a good 20 mins trying to work something out, he said that if we accept the table, he will come and find us later on to relocate us if a larger table opens up.  This was a load of BS I think, but we got tired of arguing and decided to stay, since we wanted to get our party on.   Soon after, the table to our left cleared out, so we took over their seats...providing a chance for my whole group to sit and drink.  An hour later, another party showed up and took that table, but we got lucky again as the party to our right was leaving.  Had both parties stayed, our tiny little area would not have been able to accommodate our group.  This was the only negative aspect out of the whole night.  I felt that XS misrepresented bottle service seating.  The promoter surprised me with a beautiful (and complimentary) birthday cake later on...so that kind of made me forgive the little snafu.  Well, that and the mixed drinks helped to mellow out my mood.  BTW, there was a stripper pole right in front of our table, so my friends were able to take advantage of that and showcase their inner stripper.  If you experience the same runaround we did, just be firm, polite, but STAND YOUR GROUND.  ;-P  PROS:- Beautiful and spacious club- Diverse and good-looking crowd- Great music (mash-up, top 40s, house, hip hop)- Lines for bathroom not as bad as other clubs- Professional, friendly, and good-looking staff- Plenty of stripper poles located throughout the club- For those that opt out of bottle service, you can sit at any table as long as the party hasn't arrived to claim their reserved table; if they never come, you can sit there pretty much all nightCONS:- Bottle service seating experience- Our waitress only came by the table 3-4 times the whole time we were there - Lines for general admission, guestlist and table reservations are VERY unorganized.  We had bottle service and pretty much had to battle our way to the front of our line to get a host's attention.  Look your best as they will pick and choose who to address based on your looks (which is the case at most clubs in Vegas).  Normal admission is $20 for ladies and $30 for men.  All my girls and I had a great time and agree that XS is definitely worth repeat visits when visiting Vegas.
5	I had a blast at XS!!!We were fortunate in that we didnt have to wait to get in ... Once we got it, we scoped out the place and went straight to the bar.  The drinks are pricey???  My friend paid around $45 for 3 shots of kamikaze.  I really like how in the inside of the club opened up into the outside patio area.. made the club feel a lot more open and less claustrophobic. My girlfriends and I had a blast... the crowd wasnt wack (unlike PURE.. which as my bf puts it.. is the "JV team") and the music was bumping... good times at XS!!!
2	Vauge ass's newest hot spot. Friends and I came here over the weekend since Tao didnt like what most of us were wearing. $30 @ the door, full of people dancing to their most extent (It looks funny) Girls trying out the poles looking like they firemen dropping down for emergency. Place is alright, I'm definitely not big on vegas clubs.
1	I'm giving XS one star for now until I go back.I booked a table for Friday night (3/13) through a host earlier in the week. My friends and I are fairly regular patrons of the LV clubs, and we wanted to check out XS. As I had heard from another friend, "XS is the greatest place on Earth!"So, I'm thinking, "Awesome! Let's go to XS!" Book the table, they tell us to get there at 10:45, which is super early. Well, you know, whatever. Their club, their rules. We arrive at 10:45 on the dot, the line is out the door. We finally find a host, I hand over my credit card and ID, as is standard at any club. Host disappears for 20 minutes.At around 11ish, she comes back out with a bouncer that tells me they're going to refuse service because they think my ID is fake. I laugh, thinking they're messing around with me, and they assure me that they're serious. I have a Maine state ID, but I'm (almost) 25 and definitely look it. I was with colleagues from work and friends from the area, and this whole thing was embarrassing.So, we're all stone cold sober. Nobody had had a drink yet, nobody does any drugs, and we're wondering what the hell is going on. We're all dressed nicely, nobody is sketchy, and - above all - I'm 100% sure that I'm well rated within the Wynn's gaming database. So, what's up?I ask the bouncer, "Uh, if you think the ID is fake, shouldn't you be taking it away?"He's not entirely sure how to respond, so he calls over someone else. I speak with the new bouncer, assure him the ID is real, and ask him if he'd like to scan it, call it in to security, or cross-check it with the Wynn/Encore's database. He declines, I ask him if they're oversold and they gave the table away. Honestly, if that was the case, I can totally understand. But, he says the table is still there, they just can't take the chance that I'm underage.At this point I'm totally flustered. There are 9 of us waiting there. We have a host at Tryst (the Wynn, sister to the Encore) that we use all the time. I ask the bouncer if we can call [name], and he says that if [name] comes by, we'll definitely get in. Fine. He'll definitely come by for us, we always take care of him when he takes care of us.So, host comes by, looks at us, says hello, and tells the bouncer we're totally cool and there should be no problems. At that point, the bouncer just says, "You know what, we can't do it. We can't take that ID, it looks too flimsy."At this point, it's really, really not worth it. I'm highly embarrassed, we've lost 45 minutes at this point, and I can't really believe that they believe my ID is fake.We ended up hanging out at Stratta - 100 feet away from XS... and they accepted my "fake" ID -  grabbing food, and drinking around a big table. It was a low key, nice night, but I was very disappointed with the way I was treated at XS.I called in the next morning, spoke with a manager there who apologized over and over again, and hopefully if I ever decide to go back there, they'll do the right thing and take care of it for the night. What they offered me was no cover and entry off the guest list. I laughed and rolled my eyes before hanging up the phone; I hope they do much better than that after the letter I sent in. However, that remains to be seen, so one star for the moment.
5	LOOOOOVEE the decor and layout.  half of the club is located outdoor with a swimming pool in the middle and cabanna's outside, while indoor is a dance floor in the middle with chandeleirs all around atop of you and bottle service tables all around with poles for the girls to do their stripper dance... lolz.  Although, I would have to say this place overcharges for drinks and the bouncers are dicks and the line is friggin long, giving no special preferntial treatment to guy or girl....  still a nice club just to check out the decor and what not.  It is Wynn afterall!
4	Huge club with beds in the pool! OMG me and my girls were astounded by the sight =O we were wondering if this was safe for highly intoxicated people lol i can imagine one can easily roll over and off the bed and into the pool while being drunk and indifferent about getting all wet. There were beautiful and cool "music video" looking cabanas all around! We had the bottle service so we got in no problem and were escorted to our table in front of the pool and in the back of the dancefloor. It was a lovely club but with really unfitting music. They were playing trance/high energy/dance music which we, from the bay area, are not used to having at a club at all. By the time we were drunk the music got a little bit better because the old folks started to leave I guess...the place was LOADED with cougars..but pretty hot ones that still knows how to get down I suppose. They even have a blackjack table on the opposite side of the pool!!! How awesome (not to mention smart because all my friends lost all their money there) is that?  I later on heard that Mondays were the crackin night at this club so maybe that explained the music and crowd. Got drunk and still enjoyed the environment, atmosphere, and decor!
5	XS was great. Sat night was just crazy. The lines were nuts even by 10:30.  I highly recommend bottle service if you wish to sit down. Just know the price starts at $450 min. per bottle.  Probably the most expensive in Vegas right now. Inside the club is loud and packed, outside in the pool area was much more cozy for me. Beautiful club, great music, hot people. We had a blast.
1	After sending in a letter, I got an e-mail response that seems like it was out of a form letter. I'm soooooo not a complainer, but I'm 100% less than impressed with this place."Thank you for taking the time to contact us regarding your recent experience at Encore.I would like to apologize for the confusion that you experienced at XS nightclub. It is our goal to provide our guests with the finest services and accommodations and we regret that we were not able to keep that promise.While we continually strive to improve our facilities and service, the information you share allows us an opportunity to see our operation from your perspective.  Please be assured that your concerns have been discussed with our management team to ensure that the issues you experienced have been addressed.  Again, I apologize for any inconvenience and hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back to experience the first-class quality our guests have come to expect at Encore."This letter just gives me the impression that the owners are just sort of sitting there and laughing while they receive complaints. Meh, XS has lost my business, but since it has good reviews up and down the block, I highly doubt it matters to anyone over there anyway.
4	it's been a week since i've been to vegas.  and i'm feeling kinda depressed because after a weekend in vegas, nothing back home compares. Lol.thank god my girl got a mouth piece on her.  didn't have to stand in line at all.. since we got there pretty late, the place was packed. music bumpin' pretty good. the bartender gave us really good drinks for a decent price, considering it was vegas.my girls loved the fact that there were stripper poles left and right, and at one point, got on.  inebriated or not, i will NOT get one a stripper pole.  i have horrible balance SOBER as it is, so i didn't risk making a fool of myself falling off the pole/floor.
2	This place isn't all that great.  Went there on a Sunday night, got a table and have to say that our waitress was one of the worst that I have ever had.  She took about 30 minutes to get our bottle out to us and then took another 30 minutes to get my credit card back to me.  After that she didn't come to check on how we were doing or refill our drinks like they normally do.  The setup of this place is really nice but the overall vibe is kind of lame.  I came, I saw, and I will never go back to XS,  check it out just to say you went and you will realize theres no need to go back.
5	i'm so glad i got to go out to XS during my last trip out in Vegas. I always heard great things about Tryst, but never got to go there yet, but after hearing great things about XS too, we decided to go there and I so glad I did. First of all, the setup of this club is awesome and definitely unique. I have never been to a club that is set up like an auditorium. When you walk in, there's rows of tables, and at the very front, is a huge dance floor. I also thought it was cool that at the front of the club, there's no wall, but instead, just open out to the pool area.What makes this club great is the large size of the club. This place is huge! Also, the music was awesome - great mixes of everything including hip hop, rap, house, and trance. I definitely like the mixture of music, keeps things exciting. Also, the crowd is cool here too, everyone is dancing, having a great time. The decor here is great too - definitely makes you feel like you're in vegas and at a a grand ball of a party.Next time I am in Vegas, XS will be one of the clubs I'll go to again for sure. Highly recommended.
5	MY FAVORITE NEW CLUB IN VEGAS!!! IT'S LIKE TRYST....BUT BIGGER AND BETTER!!!As you walk in and if you've ever been to Trysyt...DEJAVU!!!....but instead of going down Tryst's steps....you go up a short set of stairs through a hall of gold plated walls and here you are...right in the middle of the club. The layout of this club if very very similar to Tryst. VIP tables everywhere in the main room on both side and the main dance floor in the center. Gold plated women's bare bodies lined the main bar and there were a few more poles that lined the VIP areas.  Even though some of the decor was familar to its sister club, I was still WOWED!!!What stood out here is the outdoor party area that surrounds the hotel pool. They have VIP beds available for table service that look absolutely gorgeous and  another big circular bar in the center of the pool area. They also have VIP cabana areas and lined rooms that face the pool...so more options for groups that want a bit of privacy. If you are intoxicated enough, you can go room to room to party with the different groups. ; )Luckily....just just like Tryst, the crowd was diverse and the people were friendly. The only real downside of this place was drinks were pretty expensive. Cocktails were approx $14....but it's Vegas. So it's best to get crunked before coming here or get free drinks when gambling.We got here by 10:30pm to ensure we got into this club on a Friday night. It does get super packed after 11pm. A promoter put our Bachelorette Party on guestlists each night so we had no problem getting into this new Vegas club. I must admit, being with a group of ladies...defintely has it's perks. We went to 5 clubs during a long weekend and didn't have to pay a single cent for admission.  =) The guys that came with us to this club didn't have a problem getting in (like I would expect them to at other clubs), but did still have to pay an admission of $30.IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NEW...THIS IS DEFINITELY THE 'IT' CLUB IN VEGAS FOR 2009!!!
3	I think I just expected too much. I did have fun but I guess there were a lot more things I didn't like about this place then things I liked, such assssss....I don't like the fact that the dance floor is so crowded that you can't even move your arms. I hated the fact that the music seemed to be on repeat, and I heard 4 different songs over 3 times each in ONE night. The music selection was CRAP...they need to hire a new DJ...seriously. I don't know if its just me, but if you ask any of my girls they'll agree that the music suckeddd! I don't think they have enough bars either...took too long to get drinks, we sobered up while waiting to get another drink, seemed hopeless at one point...Oh and another thing...this is for the stupid dumbf***er who spilled his drink on me, if you spilled half of your drink on an Asian girl Saturday night at XS I hope karma bites you in the a** in the form of a lifetime of loneliness which i'm sure WILL happen because your face is something only a mother could love. I hope you rot in hell, the least you could have done was apologize...it's okay, you'll get yours...so anyways, back to the review...I did however like that there's seating for people even though you don't have a table (especially a plus for girls who wear uncomfortable but hot pair of high heels to look good). The seating is so romantic, it's these make shift bed with cushions on top that's IN the pool!! So HOT and romantic!!! ;-) I did like the stripper poles randomly placed around the dance floor HAHAHAHAHHA, I swear I'm not a slut!! haha. I also loved the chandelier in the middle of the dance floor. OH, another plus for this place is that there were HOTTT boys and girls!!! =) All in all we had a GREAT time, but I just now know that you HAVE to get there on time to if you're on a guest list so that you could get in BEFORE 1am...(this happened to a group of friends who went separately from me)...Anyways, I would check it out, I'll probably give it another chance when I go back...which will be soon because I miss Vegas sooo much already!!
5	Best club ever. I'm so glad we made the effort to go to XS because it was simply amazing. It was beautiful inside and spacious. I love that part of it is outdoors with the cabanas and pools. After hopping around the different clubs in Vegas, XS really blew us away. The service at the bar by the pool was really slow, but I'm sure they were just training new bartenders. Usually clubs are packed and you can't move or breathe, but it's so huge, you can still carry conversations with people and catch a breath of fresh air. If you're in Vegas, you have to stop by.
3	It was really nice inside (very much like Tryst), and I really liked the outdoor pool. Really cool!! I'd give that 5 stars. But the service is a different story...It was just ridiculously crowded (which is fine for a new club), but the bars were completely under-staffed. We went to two different bars at XS, the first one had one bartender, the second had two--but there were about 30 people waiting to get served at each.I don't mind paying a lot for a drink, but if you're going to take my money, please do it efficiently. There's no way I'm going to wait 20 minutes for a drink!!
3	I think it was mainly because we didn't stay long since we had to take care of some friends that had a bit too much to drink, but my experience at the new club was only meh.First off, we got here at 10:30 and the line was insanely wrapped around the front already. I guess it's gotten a lot of hype being the new club in Vegas, but can you please get the lines more organized?? It felt like just a mush of dolled up clubheads waiting in front of the door.Secondly, I know it's sucks to be a group of guys trying to get into clubs in Vegas, but I thought their standards were a bit ridiculous. We all waited in line together and the girls got in just fine, but when the guys reached the bouncers, they said they had to stand in ANOTHER long ass line and pay $30 cover. So to pass up another tedious 30 minutes of just standing around, they tipped the bouncer a bill ON TOP of the original cover. $50/person to get in??? Even for Vegas, that's overkill.I'll admit, the decor was BEAUTIFUL and I loved the spacious dance floor and open pool area outside. It's basically Tryst, doubled. There's even a small gazebo where they had table games. But let me ask you this: Why would you leave the casino to get into XS, only to find another casino inside? Confused, I still am. The music was mostly house. Bleh. Then again, we did get there early and I heard it gets better throughout the night. Too bad we didn't stick around long enough.I would probably give this place another try, but only with a group of girl friends. After seeing that crazy line outside, we'll have to use the advantages of being women to get in with no hassle. ;)
4	We came to XS while staying at the Wynn. Originally I wanted to go to Blush or Tryst but they were closed on Sunday nights. The hotel offered us free passes to XS which saved $20/person cover. We arrived at 10:30 pm and the line wasn't too long yet. Once inside, I was amazed by the decor. The dance floor is not too small. After my feet started to hurt because of the high heels, we went to the benches by the pool. It's nice and surrounded by tahiti torches. Cocktail waitresses will come around and sell you drinks. I think it's worth a visit if you are in town.
4	THE best looking club i've been to, and i've had my fair share.  To clue you in. Get in line about 9:15 PM (doors open 10 PM) and you won't have problems getting in. Guestlist is horrible, seperate line that the bouncers ignore you to get all the bottle service first, so expect to wait more than hour. People in the line to pay (general admission) get in before you! TRICK, daytime there are promoters on the strip. They have business cards that say VIP ladies free.GRAB AS MANY! Guestlist or not, MEN PAY $30 last saturday! Stand in line as early as possible-again general line goes first cuz they think you're going to pay. Ladies present your VIP card and your FREE! DO NOT DO GUESTLIST you will not take priority and you wait longer because the bouncers ignore you unless you have a credit card for bottle service. Once you're in-BLAST-restrooms so clean and organized. Pool area is the best place to be and great for pics.
4	XS is the newest (and hottest) club in Vegas.  With that said, there are insane crowds and massive swarms of people trying to get in--it's actually incredibly overwhelming.  One of my friends knew some of the promoters and luckily, after only 20 minutes of waiting, we got in (yes, 20 minutes is short!) for free!After entering the doors and walking into the club, I was in complete awe.  XS is absolutely gorgeous and I actually wasn't sure if what I was seeing was real--I thought there was a mirror!  There's a semi-indoor area with 2 bars at either end and is lined with a ridiculous amount of tables all surrounding the large dance floor.  The outdoor area has beautiful cabanas and white couches around the circular pool, bar, and casino area.  There are also tables on an upper level for VIPs and bottle service.The DJ had a habit of playing half a song by an artist that was mixed into another half of the same artist's hit songs.  That way, you never got tired of the music and yet you were able to enjoy more music by your fave artists!As much as I wanted to give the place 5 stars, I couldn't because of the hordes of people!  The venue was definitely beyond capacity and when we were waiting to get into the club, the door guys were being paid off to let groups of people in.  That however, didn't include the price of getting into the club which is $30 for guys and $20 for girls.  Inside, it was impossible to get from the restroom to the bar without being elbowed in painful places and being sandwiched by smelly, sweaty and drunk people.At one point we were getting ready to leave and this guy splashed his drink in a girl's face.  Two guys were face to face ready to fight and next thing you know--BAM!  One guy gets clocked in the face and the momentum from that punch literally pushes 10 people back, squishing my best friend into this platform area with poles.  Luckily, she wasn't hurt, but come ON now!The drill sargeant in the restroom also provided for an interesting experience.  There's a nicer lady at the entrance that directs you where to go, she even says "hi!" and smiles at you.  But, the lady at the end of the stalls has an angry face on and yells "NEXT!" everytime a door swings open, even though you can SEE when a stall becomes available.  She makes the restroom a little uncomfortable because you hear "NEXT!" every 2 seconds and feel rushed to pee fast!If it weren't so cold outside, I think the crowds would have been more evenly dispersed throughout the indoor and outdoor areas.  I would LOVE to come back to XS when the hype has died down...
5	Untouched and on it's own scale, the girls and I loved XS. Right as you walk into the club, you are hit with that old Vegas feeling - Damn, I am partying in Vegas again! It;s that gorgeous. As my friend says, XS is Tryst on steroids. There is even blackjack tables in the pool area! XS is the place to be and you will know when you walk by around 10 pm and there is a line a mile long. Yes, they hold the line so come early!
5	this place is the shit.
5	I don't know at what age I should stop coming here, but I like this place and have a lot of fun here.
5	This is the MOST beautiful club I have ever been to, and trust me, I've been to my fair share of clubs. If you've gone to Tryst first and love it there, you'll be even more in love once you walk in here.  For the ladies: there are some super duper good looking guys that hang out here, take your pick. For the men: It's a buffet of female models, so enjoy :)I had an awesome time, but it was pretty packed in there. My stars are basically because the music was good, the crowd was beautiful and the place was gorgeous! My girls and I definitely got pretty lucky with the fact that my local family member knows 'people' and we got a group of 8 in for free, without having to buy bottle service, after about 20 minutes of waiting.  Not too shabby for the hottest club in Vegas!
4	i Love this club!! It definitely made my 21st experience in vegas memorable. The club was jam packed the night we came and the inside is sooo nice. There are stripper poles by every vip area which makes it more fun once the liquor starts rolling in. The backyard is beautiful! theres a pool in the back and my favorite part of thee club is that the dance floor is half outside and half inside. I had a blast there! Everybody was supe friendly and I cant wait to come back again. Its one of the more pricier clubs but hey its vegas! Its totally worth it.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Like any dope spot in Vegas it's all about having table service and this by far has the best!  I went with just my sister and we were ballin with our table outside near the pool.XS is handsdown the most luxurous club PERIOD!  It's huge and spans between Wynn and Encore.  Our hostess was incredibly nice and was always checking up on us to make sure our drinks to topped off.  They have a variety of table locations varying from small tables aligning the main dance floor to exclusive cabanas outside.  What makes this place truly a new Las Vegas club are the blackjack tables located poolside.This place only lost a star because the music was weak.  But as far as ambiance and the crowd, it couldn't have been any better!  TAO use to be my favorite but XS has taken over the title.
5	NOTHING EVEN COMES CLOSE TO XS!!!!! NOTHING!!!!!!I went to XS on Friday April 10th, 2009. I can't even begin to explain how unbelievably awesome this place is. The line and the crowd was so overwhelming that I knew there were going to be some pretty pissed off people who wouldn't get in. I was in a group of 5 guys and 3 girls and we went through a VIP host whom I contact whenever I go down to Las Vegas. He walked us past every single line that you can imagine. People were just staring at us and the look  of frustration and envy on their faces was actually quite amusing, cuz I've been in their shoes before...  And eventually there were a few people just pushing, shoving and getting rude with each other. Now, I first get inside, and the place is just immaculate, the lighting, the VIP booths. I saw Brock Lesnar (Professional fighter) in his own VIP area, but eventually security told people to quit crowding in his area so I did. And get this.. the dance floor is HUUUUUGGGE!!! I mean, even when the place was crowded, you still didn't feel like a sardine like you do in Tao or Pure. I got past the crowd and made our way outside which is just in your face with the swimming pool. The pool is beautifully lit and there's a bar outside with a beautiful view of the Wynn. I couldn't believe my eyes. Not to mention there's a kick ass BLACK JACK area beside the swimming pool bar. Now.. let's talk about my night.. I couldn't have asked for anything better. The crowd was about the most attractive I've ever seen. Nothing but beautiful people covering every bit of the dance floor and pool area. I spoke to several gals and almost every single one of them was friendly and engaging (Maybe just luck of the draw). I was just giving random high fives to girls passing by and one turned around and started talking to me and her friend was twice as gorgeous! Started up conversations at the bar and they were equally friendly. Met several people from foreign countries having a kick ass time as well.  The crowd was mixed and classy.  I didn't see a single person who wasn't having a good time. Well.. there were certain groups of guys who looked like idiots who had this stalkerish persona/vibe going on about them who were just waiting for girls to go up to, but rarely showed that they were even having a good time.. (To you guys who do this... you give the rest of us guys a bad name.. so just quit it!)I could go on and on about this place... BEST CLUB I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!!! And trust me when I tell you that I've probably been to over a few hundred.. and more than half of the hottest venues in Las Vegas.. So I have a lot to compare it to.. In fact.. there's not even a close second place winner to XS... Pure, Tao, Jet, Tryst, Body English, Christian Audigier, blah blah blah.. name them all.. EVERY CLUB IS MILES BEHIND XS... Guys and girls will have an amazing time... And to groups of guys.. word of advice.. HIRE A VIP HOST!!! You might need to fork out a bit of money (over double the cover price per person) but they can walk you straight up to the front. NO WAITING AT ALL!! We didn't even wait for 5 minutes. And all of my buddies had the time of their lives... I guarantee there were other fellas less than prepared that night and waited for 2 or 3 hours only to end up greasing one of the bouncers (GREASING A BOUNCER WITH A TIP TAKES LONGER AND IS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN HIRING A VIP HOST! BECAUSE BOUNCERS MUST BE DISCRETE AND THEY WILL TRY TO JACK UP THE PRICE AND THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE COVER!! SO YOU WASTE TIME AND MONEY WITH THE BOUNCER - PLUS THEY'RE JERKS!!) Just hire a VIP host.. trust me.. It's worth every penny!!! VIP hosts are professionals and build great rapport with their clients and they get the job done!! DO IT!!OK.. enough with this.. It was way too long of a review!! Hot music, hot crowd, strong drinks, beautiful setting!! To sum it up XS IS UNREAL!!! XS -BEST NIGHT CLUB I'VE EVER BEEN TO IN MY LIFE!! Hope you get the same experience!!!(I think Christine said it best when she said it was "Tryst on Steroids")
5	it was my first time going to XS on a friday night.  my group had 5 girls and 5 guys and to ensure that we all got in we arrived super early and were first in line. (sad but hey whatever-more time to pre party) one of the guys standing in front of the club was super rude and condescending but as more hosts showed up some were nice and very accommodating. One gave me 5 ladies passes to get in for free but the fellas still had to pay 30 dollars, which is well worth it because this club is beautiful.  the interior is very similar to tryst but the outside is what i love about xs.  there are so many places to sit outside by the pool when your feet hurt too bad.  The club never gets too hot and sweaty..(aka TAO) because of the openness. LOVE IT.  cant really say much about the music. some of my friends werent feeling it...but i was drunk so it was great to me!
4	These people at the Wynn/Encore definately know how to make a club! Im a fan of the Tryst and enjoy this one just as much. Music is awesome, bartenders are heavy-handed and every table in VIP is a good table. What i didnt like is how around midnight it got outragously crowded and even with a table they still had me waiting to get in.
5	XS might have taken the throne as the Hottest club in Vegas currently. This is definitely one "ballin" ass club (as my friend called it). This place is huge. Complete with outdoor patios,plenty of pole dancing action,  poolside partying, and even outdoor blackjack tables. When you first walk in, you notice XS resembles the same layout as Tryst, except BIGGER and BETTER. Definitely no expense was spared to build this club. When I inquired about it before going, my friend replied.. "The BEST club EVERRRR!" Of course she was severely intoxicated.. but she wasnt far off in my opinion. XS should be on everyone's agenda when coming to Vegas. Be ready for some long lines and early arrival though. Find some hooks or else you're gonna spend hours outside!
4	This club would be pretty banging if only they knew how to play better music. Why do you gotta play HIP HOP at the END of the night?? By then i'm too drunk to even care what's playing.Regardless the club is HOTTTTTT. i love the golden boobies at the bar and the pool that leads out to the private cabanas. It's genius to have half their club indoors n the other half out. I hate it when I go clubbin and i feel like im going to suffocate from everyones sweaty ass!The guy bartender was chill, but the bitch was not. IRRITATING when she asks for ID, and won't accept my picture on the back of it. I have no idea what the hell her problem was but i bet it's cuz the tranny there hit on her and she wished it was a real man. cranky ass beezy.  Anyways everyone should hit this spot up, before it's not hot anymore. You know how they do in vegas!!!
4	After epic fails at TAO & Tryst, my friends & I were able to get into XS. This club was crackin'. The set up was amazing. Poles everywhere. Gogo dancers in random spots at the club. Pool side tables to chill at. I'm into the whole electro hiphop mashups & all so the music was good for me. I wish that they did play more hip hop tho. I'd definitely go to this club again when I hit up Vegas.
5	I dont get why people bag on the music. Listen, the DJ needs to cater to everyone, not just you! He cant help it if you cant dance to whatever he's playing. The DJ played everything from House to Hip Hop, as long as he's playing decent beats with smooth transitions then no need to complain. Be open, try to enjoy it! The dancefloor was crowded, obviously the DJ was playing the right stuff. Considering this is Vegas, the long lines and expensive drinks were all expected.  Thats why we went through a VIP host..know before you go folks. Like everyone said here, the layout was amazing. I felt like the guys at the Night at the Roxbury where they finally get into the club and was just mezmerized by the whole scene.
4	Gorgeous, see-and-been-seen, luxury club! We were on the guestlist, but came too late. So we could have stood in line to try and get in for free -or- ladies, pay $20 in the GA line and walk right in- and there was no line. We meet some peeps with a table and danced on the bed the whole night. Wynn won us over!
3	wowzers! I will sheepesly admit that I was expecting to see waterfalls but it sure was close! Beautiful scenery and the place was spiffy  and ginormous. I love that half the club was outside it totally reminded of the night at the roxbury.The pool and the cabanas looked like a backdrop of a movie or something !Ok  so lets get to the people... I got there at 3 am ( I was coming from rain) and I've never seen so many people playing tonsil hockey. Was this an 18- and over crowd or did I just get there when everyone was already wasted? What happened between that 20 minute drive from rain? Was it a full moon errrr... good for them but it was a bit distracting I felt like tapping on of the girls to ask "does your momma know?"maybe it was towards the end of there night...walking barefoot with heels in hand and a gotti boy in the other.
4	Wow what an amazing club!  I haven't even stepped foot in a club in a long time and I had an idea of what to expect from XS based on other reviews....but this totally blew it all out of the water!First off-go through a VIP host otherwise you'll be spending HOURS in line.  I swear I haven't seen that many people in one place in a long time!  We waited about 5 minutes then got right in!  My first impression was how huge it was, I mean really big.  A gorgeous dance floor which opened up onto the pool with another large bar on the other side of that.  I couldn't help but stare in awe at this place--being 2 stories with tables everywhere it was pretty amazing.It goes without saying that the drinks were pricey-but the fun we had was totally worth it!  We stayed ot the outside bar the majority of the night, but we had to go inside for drinks because the 3 bartenders outside were swamped.  They could've used a few more, especially on a Saturday night.Otherwise, what an amazing experience!  I found myself still drinking Bud Light at 3:30am...that was when I knew it was a good night.
1	I came with a group of 9 girls and was asked to pay $20.00 each to get in. Just the night before we went to Tryst and walked right in without having to wait or pay, so there is no way in hell we were paying $20.00 each especially while we saw so many people walk out of the club during that time! The bouncer insisted that he couldnt do anything about it and that we had to pay (he was really really cocky) so we ended up walking away and planned to head to another club instead. As we were walking further away, another bouncer chases after our group and tells us that he can get us in for free...fine.When we got in it was super packed and the music totally sucked! This place is really nice but the people who work here are all  SUPER cocky and they need to learn how to have more of a variety for music..not trance all night!!!!!Learn from me ladies: if they make you pay just walk away..they'll come chasing like dogs
4	The club is beautiful and luckily I paid for hosted entry or else I would have been stuck in those crazy unorganized lines outside. The music was awesome with house like beats and all the waitresses/bartenders were hot. The pool outside is great when you want a breather. The only con I can think of was the half hour wait for drinks that drove me nuts. I would recommend this place for a great time though.
5	Ok went there for my birthday and I have to say pretty amazing place. I agree I had a hard time getting 10 people in and i was on the MOFO guest list!!! This Euro Trash bouncer host doosh was so rude so I had to send my home girls to massage his ego and balls and that didn't even work. After groveling for an hour we finally got in. OMG Worth the wait!...This place is so well laid out. It was packed but the difference between this place and say Tryst (my former #1 club in Vegas) is that the outside features a pool with floating sofas so cool!...and in the middle of the pool was a gazebo bar with poker tables WHAT!!! I mean it was packed but I never got the feeling that we were sardines like most of the clubs in Vegas so that was a plus. Eye candy was amazing everyone was well dressed and out to shine. They do a great job of having a good mix of men and women so no complaints there from both sexes. SO if in Vegas do yourself a favor and go here to party!!! Pros: Beautiful Place by far the #1 club Eye Candy-Good female to male ratio Spacious Pool Area-Awesome Cons Euro Trash Rude Ass Bouncer-GET THERE EARLY Drinks are $15 to $20 Music-Maybe bad nite but the DJ kept mixing songs and couldn't really enjoy a track
5	XS....where do I start?  Someone on here put it as XS is just like Tryst....BUT ON STEROIDS!  I can't agree with them more!  XS is absolutely breathtaking!  The club itself is a decent size, but not huge!  What makes this place seem so large is the outside pool/patio area.  Without that area, this club would just be a typical size club in Vegas. Like any club in Vegas, the drinks are expensive (about $15 a drink), the bartendars are hot, the crowd is your typical Vegas crowd filled with tourists, hookers and horny men!  What I like most about this club is that there was so much room to walk around this place...basically because of the outdoor patio area.  The music is so so in my opinion though.  The DJ's was playing about 95% mash ups, mostly fast uptempo beats ranging from house, dance remixes, rock, electro house, mixed in with some hip hop & R&B, but no original versions.  Pretty much every song he played was a mash up or remix.  Mash ups are cool, but its nice to listen to the original versions too which was pretty much non existant that night I was there, which was on a Friday night.  I know Vegas is big on Mash Ups, but good lord!  Too much!We were told its near impossible to get into this club.  We arrived at the club at 10:45PM on a Friday and we got in within 20 minutes in the general admission line (mixed guys and girls in our group).  Our friends had bottle service so we joined their table when we got in which was nice.  Some useful advice: If you want to buy drinks, DO NOT buy drinks outside at the bars near the black jack tables.  (Yes, they have high limit black jack tables outside too that you can gamble at during the night!)  The bartendars out there are VERY slow and I mean SLOW!  You're better off buying your drinks at any of the other bars inside or outside just as you walk out onto the patio. Just keep away from the bartendars in a giant gazebo near the black jack tables.Second word of advice, watch where you're walking if you are outside in the patio area.  I saw three different people either step in the pool accidentally with their shoes on (both feet), or even fall into the pull.  Drinking, a dark environment and swimming pools do not mix well!   Finally, not sure what this place would be like on a cold night since most people would probably want to stay inside.  But if you plan on going on a warm summer night, I'm sure you'll have plenty of room to dance and walk around.   The sound system pumps loud even outside!!  I used to be a huge Tryst fan, but now I'm a big fan of XS.
4	XS is cool.  I went on a Sunday night so it may have been an off night.  I got there at 11:30 and there were around 50 people or so waiting around in line.  I went up to the front and talked to a guy with a clipboard and told him that I'm on the guest list.  He found my name and let me (guy) and my friend (girl) in with no problem.  I was very polite to him and he was cool to me.  I also had a free admission pass and they took it with no problems or hassles.  I'm pretty sure that this is because it was a Sunday so YMMV.The club looks just like Tryst.  I think the layout is almost identical.  Sure XS as the stripper poles, etc. but overall the layout is pretty much the same.  I like how it opens up to the pool since it gets so freaking hot inside these Vegas clubs.  I don't know what it will be like in the summer but I'm guessing not so good.Overall, a nice experience and environment.The crowd was pretty good but there were a few odd really old guys (like 70 years old) going nuts on the dance floor.  The music was mediocre at best.  The DJ played mostly house/trance and sometimes mixed in some hip hop.  The worst was the random gaps lasting 3-5 seconds of just pure silence between mixes.  Everyone on the dance floor basically just looked at each other until the next song started.Overall, good party vibe though for a Sunday night.  I like the crowd at Tryst and Pure much more.
5	The best club I've been to in Vegas!  It looked almost identical to Tryst, but with an edgier feel while still being beautiful. My friends and I went on a Sunday and we were staying at the Wynn so we were able to show our room key and bypass the line, and I also had a free pass  so it was no problem getting into the club.Inside the club, there were a couple bars, which we had no problem getting drinks at, despite being girls (the bartenders were girls). The bartenders were extremely attractive and super sweet and made really tasty drinks.  There was also a bar outside across the pool, which we had no problem getting drinks at, either.The club was filled with beautiful men so it was nice to have some eye candy while dancing or walking around the pool.  Just be careful of the random grandpas on the dance floor.  There were also stripper poles everywhere, which was actually pretty entertaining to watch girls trying to dance on them.  The outside area was huuuuge, being that the whole pool area was open and you could hear the music just as loud out there.I would definitely go back to XS, hopefully it'll be on a Saturday next time to get an even better experience :)
5	Must be the best club in Vegas right now. Tryst used to top my list but I gotta say, this is 10 times better than Tryst - bigger, better, improved. Definitely can tell it's still in the Wynn family. They did a great job...It was an utter nightmare - you had to push through a zoo of people to get in - and all the tables were supposedly sold out that Saturday night. Bouncers are ba$tards as ever, taking bribes like no other and still after dropping a lot of cash to even get in the line, we STILL had to pay AGAIN when we got further down. Obviously since it's the hottest new thing, we will all put up with it. And after that annoyance of entry you will quickly forget and enjoy the rest of your night. I'd check on the DJ before you go if you only have a good time with certain types of music. It was mostly house, and it was house throughout, even at the bar in the middle of the pool area. Similar dancefloor location as in Tryst, stripper poles are abundant at the tables. And there were a few older women that chose to use them. They weren't hired by the bar, that's for sure...XS is a beautiful specimen of a club. Wide open doors to the outside. Bars lining the sides of the entrance. Once outside, there is a pool, lined with heat lamps and tables. The pool has floating padded lounge chairs - something different. In the middle of the pool there is circular bar with XS dancers, and spots to gamble. More lounge chairs...most clubs seem to be incorporating their pools, which I can't really figure out. I wonder how many drunks land in the pool by the end of the night!?
4	If you want to go to a club and dance minus sweaty and pushy people, then I strongly suggest you try XS nightclub at the Encore Hotel and Casino. It is much larger than the Tryst at Wynn, but has a similar set-up: bars to the left and right, and bathrooms on the right when you enter. However, the dance floor extends to the outdoor pool area where there are cabanas, bars, blackjack tables, and private tables, plus ample room to strut your stuff or dance under the stars. Ladies, we are free...that is if you get the passes from the suit wearing gentleman who hand them out. It is much easier to get into this club than Prive or The Bank:)
4	First time I came here was in January when it had just opened. As far as the actual club, it is very nicely set up. It can get sooo hot in vegas clubs so having the indoor area, the half indoor area, and then the entire outside area around the pool is fantastic. It gives you the chance to get away and get some air if you're starting to feel claustrophobic without having to leave the club. The pool area itself is gorgeous too and  I think the little bar area in the middle is really cute.
5	This place is so Beautiful and we had SO MUCH FUN.!!! Ambience was great, music was great, everything was great! There's indoors, outdoors, pool, beds, lounges, everything! Our tickets to Jay Leno got cancelled and we came here. Now if you ask me, I'd choose XS over Leno!! sorry but it was sooo fun!! Definitely our favorite club in las vegas...for now..hehe. Another nice thing is that its at the Wynn we after clubbing, we walked back to our hotel room, no driving. =]
5	bouncer/doorman bitch was a real bitch, but whatever. $20 entrance for everyone. it was 2am and we all had a long day but the music and energy in the club totally energized all of us. place was huge with an indoor area with dance floor and seats, 2nd floor with balcony seats and probably indoor seating area, and outdoor pool area. got quite a bit of drinks by the bar next to about 6 game tables. good way to make more money from drunk people. bartender was cute and sexy, and a lady was dancing on the table, although kinda making just the few memorized dance moves.music was pretty awesome, much much better than most (although few) clubs i'd visited in new york. crowd were mostly well dressed. lots of skins and wigs just like other clubs in vegas. they kinda just let you get in after 2am with short line. forget the vip line if you didnt get a table cos i think they make you wait longer and they'll make you pay for cover anyway. skip the line and frustration and just pay for it. it's totally worth the it.
5	I don't think I've ever given a club 5 stars because there's always something wrong with it, even if I had a great time there - small dance floor, bad ventilation, bad crowd, bad music...whatever.  However, XS deserves 5 stars and then some! LOVE IT:*Spacious dance areas (with lots of poles...hmm.)*Good music (any place that plays trance along with the usual stuff gets bonus points from me!)*Eye candy...mMm...*Huuuge outdoor area to get fresh air, chill at tables/beds, and even gambleHATE IT:*The ridiculous line - BUT it's not too bad if you're with a group of girls, and it really is worth a slight wait.*If you're not careful, you might accidentally step and fall into the pool. Keep your eyes on your feet when you're walking around outside!
5	XS = XSiveDon't mistake XS here for extra small.  This is just about the most over the top club I've ever stepped foot into!  And if I were to create my own club, this has all of the components I can dream of.*Great dance floor in the middle*Huge pool area for chit chatting outside*Half a dozen bars, making getting drunk easy*$12-15 drinks*Tables right next to the action and cabanas in good areas by the pools*Ledges available to sit on outside in the pool area*Poles and stages available for girls to dance on*No waits at the bar or in the restroomsIt even has amenities I wouldn't even have thought of.  Their bathrooms here have practically no wait and when you use the urinal, they have a sponge pad so you won't ever worry about that splash back (excessive, probably).  Also, while you wash your hands, one of the many bathroom attendants will roll the lint off your back and shoulders.I have to give thanks to the DJ for putting together a great night.  The night at first was some house/techno when the club was empty.  Then it went to a great 30 minutes of hiphop/top 40 while we were all on the dance floor and mixed it up for the last couple hours.Guys, come early if you want to get in.  I remember getting to the line around 9:30 and even though it was long, it rolled pretty quickly and everyone was able to get in ($30 cover).  Don't trust those passes you get from cabs though.  They most likely won't work on a busy night.  Come early and get stamps so you'll have less to worry about.Prettier go go girls are the only thing I can think of that would improve this place.  They let me down quite a bit.  Oh and one of our friends was caught hurling in the bathroom--make sure you do this outside in the casino if you have to because those attendants are like hawks and will kick yo ass out.  We had to grease one of the attendants to let one of our girls stay in the club--nothing a little tip can't handle in Vegas it seems.Oh and the girls in this club seem extremely friendly compared to clubs in LA.  I could just smile at a girl in passing and they'd grab an arm and smile back.  It's probably cause we're all on vacation.  Although I did talk to one girl and she said her whole sorority class dropped before coming here... so... well, I guess the guys can benefit from that.If you come early, you'll be able to walk around the whole shebang and take it all in.  It's absolutely gorgeous.
4	I really wanted to give this place 3 stars but I just couldn't justify it.I felt like Chris Tucker in this scene from Rush Hour 2http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrAIA4c_MtkSo any place that gives me the feeling of "This place is off the hook!" deserves that 4th star.I mean even for me, someone who normally leaves his credit card back in the room so I don't get stuck with reserving the table .... I knew that if I really wanted to go in, I better not take any chances.  And what do you know ... no one else wanted to slide their card.  Fuck it ... XS is one of the newer spots in LV and I like new shit.From the moment I walked into the newer portion of the Wynn called Encore, I could just see why they called the club XS.  I mean there was an excess of just about everything.  And when I say everything, I mean everything.  Just come check it out, it's nice!Just don't over do it like I did because you'll be calling it a night early after meeting everyone from the bachelorette parties, birthday parties, NBA players no longer in the playoffs and the dude who's table you climbed over because you couldn't find the path to the exit.Let me give you a tip.  You really don't need to pay for table service if there's a small group of you unless you really want to.  Just go in line early, meaning before 10p and then when they start letting people in, pay cover and get your hand stamped then go out and you can come back later.  That's right folks, they allow re-entry.The place is huge inside and outside, yeah outside.  They have a huge outside area where you can just hang out with your group and sit along the planters or they have a gambling area, so you will definitely find some place just to chill and hang even if you don't have a table.Come and judge for yourself ... I think you'll be impressed with the place.I still prefer Tryst or Drais's but then again .. that's another story.
5	got back home from vegas this past monday. we spent our friday night at XS and damn what can i say. nice VERY nice spot. great sitting area. we had the spot looking out to the pool and the pole in front of us, which later that night was most defiantly used by random females and a couple of our females too. even the bathroom attendants where on point. lint rollers while you wash your hands. towels on time. shoooot i feel like they should hold my thang thang while i pee so i dont even have to wash my hands but thats a little out there ehh? we got VIP/bottle service because it was my cousins bday expensive but hey go big or go home right. putting ultra on the price range because of bottle service. other then that people bought me drinks at the bar ha =) had a great dance floor, which got packed.  the outside was hella nice toowith many places to sit and relax.
4	XS is amazingly beautiful and huge.  I had no idea how massive it was going to be.  It is owned by the same owner as Tryst, so that can give you some idea of what to expect.  Even though it is similar to Tryst, it has a way different vibe.  The crowd is a lot younger and more attractive.  It has a more laid back energy, maybe because of the large pool area or the great use of outdoor space, but either way the feel of the club was like nowhere else in Vegas.When you first walk in there is a bar on you left, a sunken dance floor and a huge open wall overlooking a gigantic pool.  Around the dance floor are raised stages with stripper pools.  I'm not talking the cheap pool in the corner of the club, but ligit raised stages with stairs, a gold pool to the ceiling, a light up clear floor.  When you get to the outside it is littered with dozens of VIP tables and a group of second story cabana tables.  The music was great and so was the table service.  We got bottle service at a table just outside the dance floor overlooking the pool.  The table was nice but the cushions on the bench were a pain.  They keep falling off every time we got up.  However, XS has the best nightclub bathroom in all of Vegas.  It was massive and ladies you know how much it sucks to stand in a long line in heels with a bunch of hot mess girls when all you have to do is pee.  The line moved so fast, there must have been like 30 stalls.  They also put mirrors along a wall all by themselves so you can get in & out quickly when all you need to do is powder your nose.On the negative side, the lines were ridiculous, even for the bottle service.  I have never seen such a massive amount of people trying to get into a club in Vegas. We had connections with the owner so we didn't have to wait.  But if I had to drop that kind of cash for a table, I would be pissed off with size of the line.  Not sure if it is due to the newest of the club or if because of the size they have a bigger capacity for guests?  But it was a long line from the time we sat at our table around 11 to when we left at 3ish.  The bartenders were also kind of rude.  I guess they are still working out the kinks, but overall a great night.I would highly recommend it for anyone.  Just be prepared to arrive early, wait in line and have an amazing time and the best thing about XS is it is only a short walking distance from Tryst!!!!
2	I felt bad...because the line was so long, and I knew a lot of the  people weren't going to get in.  Why wait in line that long when you might not get in.  Great club, but not worth the wait.
5	My favorite nightclub! Bartenders were nice and you didn't have to wait a long time for them to serve you. They gave you tap water when you requested it even if you didn't buy a drink. There was the main dance floor, which had a bar on the side, and then there was an outside with plenty of places to sit at, floating couches, and then in the middle there was another bar, and a mini casino (minimum bet on a Saturday night was $50). Gogo dancers were very energetic. Good crowd, though a bit older (around 30+). Good music. No guestlist = girls were $20, guys were $30. We got there around 11:30pm and it took 10 minutes to get in the club. I noticed there was an upstairs but it looked like it was for people who made reservations for tables.
4	Very pricey, but it's Vegas!   The line for VIP was longer than the general admission line, so we ended up not getting a table.  Music was great!!  While we were there they opened the club so it went around the pool at Encore...  Made the club HUGE!!  Cover is free for ladies before 12 am if you had a ticket.  We were staying at the Encore so of course the bartender gave us a ticket.
5	XS is tha bomb! Went here with friends on Friday. It was too late for us to get on the guest list so ladies paid $20 and guys $30. Totally worth it. Bouncers are really nice. Be prepared to be blown away as soon as you walk in the club. All of my friends and I said "WOW" at the same time when we walked in. The club is beautiful. Half indoor half outdoor club. It did not get hot at all. Drinks are stiff and run $35 for two drinks depending on what you get. Cabanas, floating lounge chairs, plenty of seats outside, super clean bathrooms, banging music, friendly beautiful people...it just cannot get any better. Very diverse crowd--from young 20s to 30s Definitely dress to impress. My friends and I had such a great time I ended up having to recuperate for 1.5 days from one of my worst hangovers in my life. Of course it was worth it.
4	Went to this spot last weekend for a bachelorette... BEAUTIFUL.  We had bottle service - which I didn't think was too over-the-top in comparison to bottle service at any other Vegas club.  I thought the drinks at the bar were definitely overpriced, but, again, it's what's expected.  The best part, obviously, the outdoor pool area.  Vegas clubs can get stuffy - so it's DEFINITELY the bomb when you can access some fresh air between fist-pumping.  TONS of room outside, too - not just a dinky balcony.  Our table was located towards the back near the huge outdoor bar, but I wasn't even trippin cuz the restroom a few feet away NEVER had a line.  It's basically a pimped out Tryst.  I'd suggest swinging thru on your next Sin City visit...
5	Stripper Poles in every direction that you look!  What more can drunk girls ask for!?
1	I've been to Vegas more than 10 times and this time used a VIP host for my weekend.   I was so pumped about going to this place and the hype from other Yelpers was enourmous.This place is a club with the "regular pool" area added to the club at night.  If you like places with 5000 people then go here. If you have been to clubs as many times as I then hit up a smaller place.  I felt like I was at Spring Break, not  high-end club in Vegas.I know people will kill me for saying it, but Tryst is way better.  Much better atmosphere and actually a chance to talk to people.XS is a Zoo, the Cabanas are on the second level overlooking the pool so you are not really in the action.  Ask for a table near dance floor if you want to see people.I've been to the French Riveria (Monaco) and Cannes - This place has no idea what French Riveria Clubs look like or feel like.The DJ played the same song 2-3 times in a 3 hours span.  I walked in with Randy, Simon, and Ryan Seacrest... They even left after 1 hour.Save your time, money, energy, and hype - Go to Blush or Tryst and have a blast.
5	Best club in Las Vegas, as of today. The bouncers and hosts are still pr*cks but they are all like that.
5	Awesome!!! This place was the best! The whole entrance is fantastic! You walk in the club and the whole backdrop with the open pool area is great! The bar in the pool area is alittle difficult to get a drink at so if u get up to order a drink... Order a couple! This way u don't have to go back and wait again. The music was great, the crowd was sexy and we had fun! We got in pretty quick, took about 20 min in the general admission line. We moved quicker then guest list line. This is definitely a must if u out in Vegas
4	Suuuuuuper Nice Club located in the heart of the Strip. $30 Entrance fee/$20 for the ladies.  Drinks are $10+, which is standard fare.  The music was so-so, [somewhat dated, bad transitions, 15-30sec pauses].  But the club is super nice, they just need a better DJOnly gripe with this is that when it gets super packed (after 11-11:30PM ish) it is so hard to move around on the dance floor.  It will take you at least 10+ minutes to navigate through the damn thing.  Also, the walkways into the pool area were kind of hard to navigate too because people would just chill there or take pictures, since finding a place to sit down other then around the pool is going to COST you [i.e. Table]We got in around 10PMish and it was pretty nice, not too packed, bartenders are super chill and nice.  The blackjack tables were a nice touch/offers you more to do, but I wouldn't recommend it though, haha.In the end, definitely a club you should check out at least once, just make sure to line up early though to make sure you get in.
5	The place is absolutely AMAZING, and a Veryyy nice looking crowd! Get a cabana that's near the pool and have the time of your life!! :)) The beauty of this place totally justifies the $100 million it took to build it! :-)
3	Okay, 3 stars because the club is beautiful and  it has a pool in it! However, they asked for $7000 for a freakin small ass table. FORGET THAT NOISE! :( We left and went to Tryst instead. The line by the way is ridiculous!!!  Be ready to wait for even table service.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas! Do not miss it...get there early, like 10pm. We were two chicks, but did not wait and did not pay a cover, plus we got to lounge on the ouside padded benches and get our drink on before we danced! The outside area is soooo fabulous. Call ahead of time and get on the guest list...there was already a line for General Admission when we got there.Huge age range....frat boys to old rich dudes with table service handing out free drinks like candy, Lots of beautiful people and everyone was really friendly. Tons of Canadians the night we went, so it was extra friendly...eh..All the staff look like models.We danced the whole night...super fabulous evening!!! Can't wait to go back..oh and great bathrooms...no waiting ladies!
5	When you think of Vegas...you think of bright lights, over the top beautiful decor, and $$$$. XS is the epitome of all that is Vegas packed into a club. First off, the cover is some major grip...$30 for guys and $20 for girls. Once you enter the club you're hit with a sensory overload....they have a beautifully decorated interior with VIP tables laden everywhere and 2 bars on each side adorned with gold statues of the female form. I likey! If you continue straight you pass through the main dance floor into the outside pool area. This area is more of a "kick back" spot to chill with a drink or have a photo op with your friends. The pool is surrounded by floating lounge chairs on either side and the walkway around the pool has beds. Totally awesome! I had to wait most of the night for one to become available. It's nice to be able lie down when you're totally buzzin' from all the alcohol. Plus, it's real cool to look up and see the Wynn and Encore positioned on either side of you since XS is positioned between the two hotels. There were gogo dancers positioned strategically around the club which just added to the overall vibe and theme of the club. A lot of beautiful people here, some misplaced older tourists, but for the most part the crowd was among the 20's to early 30's range. I enjoyed the music thoroughly, no annoying DJ talking over the mic all night. He just let the music do the talking, all the while the bass blaring. XS is a solid 5 star venue as could only be experienced in Vegas. Can't wait to return!
5	Wow! I'm impressed! I was very excited to clubbing in Vegas for the first time so my boo thought we should try the best of the best, and we did! Thank God we went on a Sunday because I read reviews from other yelpers saying how long the wait was to get in =( It was not too bad for us we got in right away. He paid $30 for him and $ 20 bucks for me. A little expensive, but so worth it! The music was the bomb! All the DJ played was good music. I loved the pool area. You could go out and relax, but still hear the music. Overall XS rocks!!!
5	absolutely the place to go when you go to vegas!! class all the way!!! drinks expensive as hell but well worth it--if you don't have connections pay the $40 cover well worth it!! amazing music and crowd-you will NOT be disappointed...
5	Nearly comparable to Tryst, so this review will have much the same information:This club was absolutely gorgeous. It gets my award for the most beautiful club I have ever been to. The go-go's were fantastic, and each table had a stripper pole for the ladies we found to dance to. The music was the best of any club we went to in my opinion.The hosts as usual took care of us 110% and I highly recommend this place to anyone that wants a high class place to relax and kick back. Best of all, our host kept bringing more and more fine ladies to our table. Our bodyguard actually had to kick a few out for getting in the way of our own dancing.I cannot comment on the GA because we rolled up this night with a group of 9 guys and had absolutely no problem entering. Probably not a normal experience. We came here after we discovered table or no table, LAX is GHETTOOOO. Afterwards we went to Drai's (which, once I write the review, you'll discover is quite nasty IMO)
5	omg amazing. seriously. ya there's a line, but its vegas, everything good in life has a little bit of a wait. i loved how the dance floor opened out to the pool area and there were beds in the pool that you could lounge on and enjoy some fresh air before/after dancing. i loved that there were no lines for the bathroom for the ladies, but i guess the boys had it much better. my boyfriend said that he got a massage from the bathroom attendant while he was washing his hands! now thats awesome. definitely worth it.
4	absolutely one of the biggest, most beautiful clubs i've ever been to! yes, the line SUCKS big time, and unless you have table service, you're looking at standing in line for a good 2-3 hours. we came here memorial weekend, so yes, we already expected that it would be super crowded with long lines.  what we did not expect was a $100 general admission for the guys.  but for girls, it was just $20.  but all my guy friends who paid the gen admission said it was totally worth it.the inside of the club looks just like Tryst, but then when you walk outside, its a HUGE pool area with TONS and TONS of places where you can sit and chill. there are these round couches alongside the pool that are used for bottle service, but of course when its not being used, its free for all.  i loved the couch/lounge chairs that were along the INSIDE of the pool! so you can actually take your shoes off and dip your feet in there. this is especially nice for the ladies cuz you know how painful it is to wear heels all night.  there are bars everywhere, even small portable bars so you dont have to wait forever long for the bartenders to take your order.  i was super impressed by one of their guy bartenders there whom i was watching take orders from 3-4 different people and made like over 10 drinks at one time. it was nuts just watching him.drinks are of course are las vegas expensive. the music was just average. they would play good hip hop for a good 30 minutes and switch to some house/80's mix. but overall, the place was totally off the hook!
4	I didn't wait in line and I didn't pay cover, which, by the way, was $100 for guys, so I love XS. And it rained cash money all night, so I extra-love it. The club is unbelievably gorgeous. The cabbie said the club alone cost $80 million to build and you can see it. Gorgeous outdoor pool area, opulent decor - everything was fabulous and over-the-top. XS draws the hottest of the hot partygoers, especially the ladies. I've never seen so much good-looking competition in my life. Too bad I can't say the same about the guys.I will say that XS might want to work on capacity issues because nobody likes being stabbed in the foot by stiletto heels all night!
5	The WYNN has done it again !!! I thought TRYST was the sexiest club but XS has took the cake. This club has to go down in the Guinness Book Of World Records as the largest club in the world. This club is inside/outside. I cant even explain it to you in words. It's definetly an experience. If I'm not mistaken this club makes it rains $1 bills. (for real yall, I know I am not trippin) I didn't c anyone makin it rain I think every other hour or so it just rains $1 bills. They have random stripper poles all around this club. It's just so freakin beautiful.
5	XS definitely lived up to all the hype. My boyfriend and I got in for free (yay for being hotel guests) since we went on a non-weekend night. After reading reviews of how expensive it is and how long the lines were (even though we saw for ourselves), I think we were lucky that we both got in free. We were both blown away by how nice the venue is. First of all, it's HUGE; I already knew this going in but I was still surprised by how nice and big the venue was. Since it's both indoors and outdoors, it's nice, especially when it's crowded so you don't feel like a sardine. I definitely want to come back with a huge group of friends next time.
5	WOW. XS truly set a new standard for clubs.  This place is AMAZING.  So excessively extravagant with the decor and the outdoor pool/lounge area.  It is an oasis in a desert of mediocre clubs.  The drinks, of course, are expensive, but it's vegas, so can't complain.  I got in for free because of some free admission pass (WHEW!), and I had LOADS of fun even if I went by myself.  The people were really nice except for this one REALLY CREEPY Asian dude who kept following me and taking pictures/recording videos of me dancing.  I was about to smack this fool! But other than that creep the other guests were so nice and friendly! Tryst was my favorite club in Vegas, but XS has stolen my heart.  I don't think I can like any other club after experiencing this place! *HEART*
4	This place was off da hook! We came here on Monday night, waited in line for 15 min, paid $20 for girls and endured a bit of DB-ness at the front. But, once we got in, it was time to party!I loved the outdoor pool area. It was huge and gorgeous! Lots of places to sit down or stand or do whatever.Great music, mix of house and hip hop. I was dancing all night long!! Must have been the alcohol or maybe it was just really good company and good times!I wish I remember more, but I was pretty damn drunk that night. :PDef come to XS!
5	I have now been to XS 10+ times, yes, I'm a groupie :) still loving it though.... every visit proves to be better and better... can't wait to go back!
5	Why do people come to Vegas?  To have a great time at amazing scenic places and XS is definitely a must see and experience.  Hands down, this is the best spot on the strip yet and the outdoor pool makes for a great venue day or night.   You must get a VIP table here because that's how you do.Did I mention that you can actually *gamble* on the island?  But I wouldn't recommend it when you're tipsy from all goose you just had.  Great place to people watch too because the Encore is currently the Kreme de la Kreme of casinos as of right now.Van The Man Must Try : VIP bottle service with 6 beautiful ladies (no man tax included)
5	XS.. home of the $10 waterYes, I did go to XS and order a water.. I was rehydrating!! So obviously this place is amazing, very similiar to Tryst but MUCH bigger. Over my last trip to Vegas I went here not once but 2 nights in a row. Apparently Mondays nights are the night to go, although I found the crowd to be a little ghetto. I enjoyed Saturday night here.. We had a party of about 30 at a table and bought 7 bottles. Notables: Chuck Liddell was seated at the table next to us.. if that's really notable??On Monday night some fellow partygoers at a nearby table were making it rain with dollar bills. Little John (minus the East Side Boys) was there and people were trying to drop in on the poor guy. Did I just call Little John poor???All in all XS was tons of fun.. Will be back
5	XS IS DOPE!I'm a Vegas regular.. and XS definitely wins my vote for the best nightclub out there!  The layout of the club is similar to Tryst, but much larger.  Inside, the dancefloor is located in the center, directly ahead as you enter.. and to the left and right are tables, poles, and bars.  Outside is where XS takes the cake.  There are outdoor tables for bottle service and beds that outline the pool.  At the center rear area of the pool, there are card tables for the people who rather be gambling.  In addition to the outdoor tables, there are two levels of cabanas!  There are also a few small bars outside.. as well as restrooms and places to sit in case you don't have a table reserved.  Keep in mind:the lines get super long.. drinks are expensive..cover is usually $30 for guys and $20 for girls..music is typical Vegas music - mainstream, mashups, and house..I went during the Pacquiao vs. Hatton fight weekend, so it was super packed.. but expect it to be crackin every weekend.  XS is the place to be!  If you haven't been there, I highly recommend that you go and check it out!!  One thing is for sure.. there are alot of beautiful women that party at XS!
5	THIS CLUB is my FAVORITE CLUB!!!!went here on a saturday night. . .group of 25 mostly guys. . .the line went all the way down mulitiple hallways. . . was a little discouraged on waiting in the that long line. . .even if you on the guest list you still have to wait in the line. . .FYI guest list closes at 1030pmI would advise to be waiting in line by 8pm!i waited an hour. . .but once i was in. . .it was well worth the wait. . .the ambiance is awesome. . .HUUUUUUUUGE place. . . we mostly chilled outside. . .but of course the dance floor is always crowded. . .but i was willing to shake my money maker ;o)I had a blast.  . .I have been to ALL the clubs in vegas. . .and this club by far surpasses all the clubs in vegas combined!
5	Best. Club. Ever.(Minus the $100 cover for guys on Memorial Day weekend.. but the guys said it was worth it.) We got there super early (thanks to me and my anal personality) and we waited in line for 15 minutes and we got in no problem! The club is absolutely gorgeous. And it's ginormous. You can dance inside, grab a drink by the pool, play some Blackjack (don't do it.. they seriously WIPE YOU OUT.. and the minimum bet gets pretty high as the night goes on), or you can grab a poolside cabana (if you get there early) and just chill there the whole night.One of my gfs ended up grabbing a poolside cabana so we took off our shoes, danced in the water, and basically passed out on these amazing beds. I'm a fan of places where I can take off my uncomfortable shoes, be drunk & be way relaxed!
5	Just like any banging club in Vegas, go early. Unlike all the other clubs, this one is actually worth it. The general line moves pretty quickly/smoothly from what I heard.Friday night: we land @ 9:30pm, check into our hotel, and hang out. We were getting drunk at random bars and someone decided to walk over to XS. I get a text message later, "Head over, it's $30 and the line isn't bad." Keep in mind it was 1:40am. I didn't believe him until I showed up because I already heard all the horror stories. Five minutes later, $30 later, we were all in. It was about 2am and this place was still out of control. I think we bailed close to 4am. I wasn't able to comprehend the time by then. Lost a few friends along the way, but saw them the next morning for lunch. Must have been that good then, right?Saturday night: got in the table line at 9:05pm. A friend put us on reservations for 10 guys, which comes out to 4 bottles (supposedly every 3 people = 1 bottle and we were one head over so we had to round up). Got in around 9:55pm and got a cabana on the outside, 2nd floor. It was a bit far from the inside/dancefloor but it worked out. I believe if you want a table inside, you have to buy a certain amount of bottles? While walking to our cabana, the host said there's about 4000 people in line right now (supposedly there are sensors in the hallways that works as markers which estimates the amount of people in line). Who knows how many more people were in line later on.This place is massive. You're bound to lose your friends if you don't keep track, have a plan, or a "homebase.' There's thousands upon thousands of people. Almost everyone is dressed to impress as they should be. The venue is monsterous and classy. The people are good looking and sexy. Ran into a lot of Cali peeps too.We didn't plan on partying at XS both nights this past weekend, only Saturday night but I'm glad we did. It was that good. I'm usually not too impressed with Vegas clubs because they're all the same: claustophobia issues, humid/suffocating, and just too crazy that it drains all the fun. However, I am really impressed with XS. They have really set the expectation bar for how Sin City's clubs should be.Random last notes: Don't accidentally fall into the pool. Watch your step. You can gamble (BlackJack) inside the club but I wouldn't if you're really wasted and can't comprehend (just a suggestion). Keep the drama at home and just have a good time.
5	If there were 10 stars, this club would get them all. Steve Wynn outdid himself with XS as it blows Tryst out of the water, literally. This place is amazing. I've been to all the hot clubs around the world (LA, NYC, Shanghai, Hong Kong, London and all around Vegas) and none can touch this place. The overall size, decor, quality of materials, innovative additions, casino in-club, table mix and the people. Best looking collection of people I have ever seen. Good mix sex-wise and race-wise if that matters to you, because at this place everyone is there to have fun either at the club or after.Getting in seems to be the hardest problem, so if you have a VIP host from whatever hotel you stay at, use them or get a table. I was there on a Saturday night, got to the end of Wynn's casino at 1030 and could see the tail-end of the line. The security guard said this was the 2.5-3 hour point. This is where the host comes in handy. Me and eight of my friends walked into an inner line, and walked straight through and into the club for an increased cover charge. Forget what we paid, but it was worth it. Tables are worth it too.When we first went in it was not packed yet but wasn't empty either. Good enough for a party but the more the merrier. When I looked at my watch again at midnight, the place was poppin, imagine 40,000 of sq ft packed of good looking chicks (and guys I guess). For guys- there is a pool in the outside of the club. Chicks water fight in this sometimes when they get a lil tipsy. There are stripper poles everywhere not only for gogo dancers that are there but also for chicks who have the confidence to rock that pole. There are chicks EVERYWHERE. All sizes, shapes, colors, ages and interests. For chicks- there are poles everywhere! The guys here arent as creepy as the ones at Tao or Pure. The class level here is definitely the Wynn standard. Music is good, ambiance is awesome, service is prompt, bathrooms are clean. Can't wait to go back. Oh and if you are the type to ask how much drinks are and scoff at the price, then you'd be better off somewhere else. Don't clog up the line for those who will appreciate genius taste and his masterpiece. If you go to Vegas and don't come here, might as well not go to Vegas.
5	GOOD TIMES! Drunken nights. That's when my alter ago comes out. Only known to a select few.Bottle service is a must. 1 bottle for every 3 people? Ouch, but totally worth it. An amazing venue. No joke. Totally blows any other LV club venue out of the water. About 35% of it is indoors and the rest is outdoors. A shallow pool for the ladies to frolic around in. A circular island in the center with various tables for your gambling needs. A massive venue to insure you're not packed in like sardines, like some of the other clubs in Las Vegas.I can't remember the last time I had this much fun at a Las Vegas Club. Looking forward to coming back again.
5	For some background: I am a San Francisco, cynical, dive bar guy.  I cringe a bit with the high level of douchiness in Las Vegas (but kind of love it in a sick way).  You can almost smell the Ed Hardy there ... but I digress.Anyway, that being said, XS does the over-the-top "hey I'm in Vegas let's get wasted and strut our stuff" better than any place I've seen.  Stripper poles ... EVERYWHERE.This place made me feel like a baller; we had a table inside looking out onto the pool, perfect location.  Music was typical Vegas crap, but after I drank 2/3 a bottle of Chivas, my ass was bumpin with the best of them.Do it, blow a week's salary...
5	Wow what a difference a couple months can make for this club.  I was disappointed when I went back in February but coming here again in May it was a totally different story.Hands down the best and most gorgeous club I have been to in Vegas.  Us girls had no trouble getting in and strutted our way into the club with no cover charge.  Since the club was still pretty empty when we got in, I really got to take in the beautiful decor and lights they had in this club.  One of the BEST IMPROVEMENTS of this club is the addition of the bars, tables, cabanas, and gambling tables they had set up around the pool.  It was so nice to take a break from the stuffy club later in the night to grab a drink outside and just soak in the warm Vegas night weather.  Although the crowd was an older crowd everyone was just as friendly and down to have a good time.  I met tons of people and got to see so many girls climb the stripper pole to show off their skills.  Although music was still as horrible as last time, I really didn't care.  After many drinks from both the cocktail waitress and other party goers I had no trouble dancing to whatever song the DJ was blasting.XS has earned their spot as the most go to club in Vegas.  I had a blast there that night.  Thank you XS for making my night!! Now my poor feet are still suffering from dancing from 11:00 PM - 3:30 AM.  You really have swayed me from my previous 2 star rating to 5 stars!
5	wow, this is my new all-time favorite club. the people who go to this club are dressed in their finest, and they are HOT! this is THE club to head out to when you're in Vegas. there's a little bit of something for everyone: lots of outdoor seating: pool side cabanas, and lounge chairs for those deep conversationalist or people watchers, a great dance floor with smooth beats for those who like to get funky, and blackjack tables  for those who just can't tear themselves away from gambling5th star is for having zero wait at the bathrooms, a pool to dip your feet in, and a DRINKING FOUNTAIN! XS you rock for never letting me go thirsty again!
5	XS is by far the BEST club I have ever been to in Vegas!There was a huge line to get in.  We waited for about an hour but the line kept moving.  There was no unnecessary line hold up to "make the club look like it was packed" because we all knew that this club was packed regardless.  Don't let the long line scare you away.  Honestly, it was an hour wait for us, but it was totally worth it.  I heard the wait is usually about 30 min, but the weekend I went was pretty busy everywhere we went.Guys paid $50 and girls got in for free.  When you first walk into the club, it kind of looks like Tryst http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/iyUdcXh4H66S0TQZWG5aWg/l .  XS has a whole outdoor area where at Tryst it would just be the waterfall.  A nice pool in the middle with 2 levels of Cabanas all around http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/RXtvDmcM6UW2nMSfa6peKg/l .  The center of the pool has a bar and some tables where people can gamble http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/L43utHIpIJDUw1jWvPUP0w/l. This club is HUGE.  I heard it can hold up to 10,000 people?!?  10,000 is a ridiculous number of people... but I can see that this place would hold that many people. Great music, great crowd, and the best looking club in LV.  I had such a great time at XS.  This is totally a must go club whenever I go to Vegas!
5	I have to agree with the others about XS club.  I heard over and over again how amazing this club was and now I am a true believer.  I called a great friend of mine to help us get into the club without waiting in line.  He met up with us and as we walked to the club, we passed by so many different LONG lines leading up to the entrance of the club.  I was just glad that we didn't have to wait in the long lines.  When we entered the club, the dance floor was directly in front of you, with reserved table booths surrounding it in a half circle.  We walked to the left where there was a bar and an exit to the pool area.  The club outside had a pool, 2 or 3 bars, and blackjack tables for those who wanted to gamble.  There were also cabanas, bar tables and chairs and large ottoman seatings.  The place was huge!  The wait to get a drink by the bar near the blackjack tables was minimal. Although I think the bartender preferred serving the ladies first. =)  The drinks were about $13-$16.  I ordered 11 shots and it was $165. That's Vegas baby.  Luckily, we pre-partied in the hotel room before hitting the club.  I strongly recommend doing that as you will have to fork over a lot of dough to buy drinks.  I'm actually thinking of a reason to go to XS club again this year.  Another bachelorette weekend? How about just girls weekend?
5	Everyone else pretty much said it, XS is the best club in Vegas right now. From what I remember before the alcohol kicked in, there were tons of people dressed very nicely and even blackjack tables you could lose all your money on.The $30 entry line moved very quickly. Starting from the way back, you can make it to the entrance in less than 10 minutes.There's lots of space and you don't have to shove people out of the way like other clubs. Just watch where you step or you'll end up with a shoe full of pool water.Also, don't pre-party too much or else you'll wake up in a parking garage wondering where you are and where your phone went.
3	Ok, it may just be because it was Memorial Day weekend, but door guys/bouncers shouldn't be a$$holes, especially when you're already dropping a couple Gs to party in style.  And all their staff needs to be in sync with what they tell their patrons about cost of bottle service.  And $100 a guy just because it's a holiday weekend?  WTFever.On the positive side, beautiful club.  Beautiful cabanas.  But music was OK.  I didn't get to enjoy anything very long, the table host was such a d*ck that I ended up getting an anxiety attack and had to leave early.
5	This has got to be my new favorite club. Things I loved:Poles at every tablePlatforms to dance onHalf indoor / half outdoorDancing in the water in the shallow pool areaCabanas/sofas to lounge on near the waterSpinning ChandeliersBeautiful view outsideHuge space (although it was packed but not TOO packed like Tryst)The only thing I considered knocking a star off for was the music - I usually like hip hop, and they played a mix of other stuff at many points throughout the night.Overall, I thought it was by far the best club in Vegas (much better than Tryst, Tao, or Pure). 13 girls + XS = crazy, fun times!
3	I want to give Steve Wynn a big kiss and hug and tell him THANK YOU for creating this club!!! After months of excursions to Vegas in the past year ( 9th time) I was losing my drive to get out and party, but this place just restored that! L.A, O.C, and any other major city has NOTHING on this club, and if there is such a place, let me know, but trust, this place is the BUSINESS!I've recently heard of this club, and my friends were reading reviews and were super excited about going, but I was still skeptical and had a hard time picturing a club with a pool you could dance in blah blah blah... When we got in my eyes got big and I was like a kid on Christmas screaming and super excited and saying, "OMG look at this!!!" Just the initial sight of it is beautiful!! When you actually walk around and see the place theres, beds in the pool, the cabanas for bottle service are away from the dance floor, poker tables out in the middle island, four bars, two sets of bathrooms, etc. The vibe/mood doesn't change wether you're out or in the club its just a non stop fun time!My only complaint were the bartenders were SLOW and had bad hustle. One was a chick and her computer malfunctioned and she was just tapping the other girls shoulders asking them to fix it for her. The other bartender was taking too many orders from ALL sides of the bar and giving me checks for shit I didn't order and not taking my drink order everytime he came back to me with other peoples drinks. Both bartenders missed out on thousands of dollars and need to know how to fix their micros (cash register) when it freezes and organize their order taking skills. Minus one star for that because its simply UNACCEPTABLE for this fine clubbing establishment.  Definitely get there at 9:30/10. I know, usually I'm thinking, "That 's way too early for Vegas club arrival time!" but trust me, you DO NOT want to get there late, because this place fills up FAST! I got there, easily walked through the dance floor (which was EMPTY at the time) to the bar in the pool, got a drink and looked up and the floor was PACKED! IT was literally a ten minute turn around and BAM, everyone and their mom was there!
4	I can't imaging going back to any other night club and be wow-ed like at XS. The line to get in moved relatively fast, and if you're staying at the Encore hotel, you get a discount at entry. My friends got complimentary entry for girls and guys had to pay $20 which isn't too bad. The sexier the better to get in!Once inside, you're greeted by a large stair case which drops down into an array of tables for table reservations, a large dance floor, and a beautiful backdrop of the pool and further dancing and bar areas. There was so much room everywhere (except the bar, of course)! The pool area during the daytime gets converted into part of the decor after dark, and it really added to the glam of the outdoor area. And the weather was perfect - a little breezy without being too chilly, so if you're cooling off from the dance floor or get a little too warm from shots, its great to be able to find a LARGE place to cool off.The one topic which dropped this place's rating was related to their drinks. For the price we paid, there was hardly any alcohol in the 4-5 mixed drinks I had within the first hour I was in there. I don't have a problem with price as long as the strength of the drink can back it up, but I could've bought my own bottle of vodka for the price of each drink. I left sober :-P Also my boyfriend has such a problem getting two drinks, it took him almost a whole hour (it really did, I was watching the clock)! Half an hour he spent just getting to the front of the bar, and once he was there, he had to wait another half an hour just to get the bartender's attention! Very disappointing.Other than the catastrophe at the bar, the place itself is jaw-droppingly gorgeous. The dancers are good entertainment, and people come from all around just to enjoy the nightlife. My friends were chatting it up with other people taking a break from the dance floor. We had to eventually leave because one of our friends got a little too tipsy after 3 or 4 straight vodka + ice drinks, but the bouncers were very nice and talkative while we were riding the wave out the door. Most places in L.A. would just toss you out by the collar, but the bouncers here were very nice.I'm very glad that this place is both upscale while not needing to be the high-stress environment that seems to have plagued many other Las Vegas hot spots. If you don't mind waiting in line and have a good ratio of girls:guys, this is a very fun place to stop by.
4	Went Sunday on Memorial Day weekend. The line gets long but moves fast. I self parked at the Wynn which was a really quick walk to the club. Place gets packed. Miscommunication for guestlist and had to pay the cover $50 guys, $20 girls. Better than the $150 they were charging for guys on Saturday night. Prices change all the time, even when you "talk to someone" before hand, but the place is nice. Lots of tables, layout opens out to the pool area where everyone else is just lounging around having a good time. Also, that missing wall allows the club to stay a little cool  (not by much once you start dancing, even with the AC is on)which is still really nice since that dance floor gets packed... I mean, getting elbowed in the back by the drunk people making out and getting pushed around by people squeezing through the dance floor trying to make there way through, packed. Had a blast though. Ran into a couple different groups of friends there by chance since this place is so big. Didn't even know one group was there since they were near the bar by the high roller black jack tables on the opposite side of the pool until later on. Drink early on because the lines get long if you don't have table service, and this place takes some time to get filled.The dance floor extends to the outside area so it creates this little standing area since everyone is trying to pack themselves into the "inside" part, which is what we did, since that is where you can really hear the music and see the go-go girls/girls that then sell you $5 shots in pointy metal containers and shouldn't be walking near the dance floor. Overall good experience though, and I'll probably be back... well, depending on if I can get on guestlist and it is a weekend that they aren't raping me on cover alone.
5	PRETTY!!!!omg this place is gorgeous! it is soo nice. its indoor and outdoor by the pool. we went early so there was no real line. things that i was too drunk to remember to write a review about:musicpeopledancersdrink priceslayout/ sizeentrance/ location in the hotellines at the bathroomwhat time i left (and who with)if i remember i would tell u all about it. but i dont so im sorry. but i think it was nice. from what i heard.
5	BEST CLUB EVER.We came here over Memorial Day weekend...no guestlists, sold out tables, and basically high covers.  It goes up to $150 for gentlemen at peak hours.  But now I can see why they are willing to pay...this place is STUNNING.Not jam-packed crowded like at Tao...I think the club really monitors capacity levels.  This is not to be misinterpreted...because this place is DAMN popular and the line is INSANE!  Music was great -- hip hop and top 40.  Pool and blackjack tables in the center.  Decor was gorgeous and classy...there was also a lot of room outside by the pool to sit and relax.  The dance floor seemed larger than that at Tryst, but I cannot be sure.  The drinks were a bit pricey, as is expected at all Vegas clubs.  I love how there are so many bars, that none of them are nearly as packed at those at Tryst (it's like ants attacking a piece of candy there!).Definitely do not miss out on this place.  It has EVERYTHING you could ever want in a club here...oh and they still serve you free drinks if you play at the BJ tables.  Awesome!
1	What a joke, who do these people think they are kidding?  I have been to night clubs all over the world, I travel to Vegas 6-8 times a year, the way the XS "VIP" hosts treat their customers is a joke. I made a reservation for an outside daybed for 4 people I was told it was a 4 bottle min, I was fine with that. Once I arrived I had to wait in the "table line" for over 1 hour, I had to "grease' and additional $400 and when he finally walked me into the club he informed me I could not get a daybed and tried sitting me at a tiny little bistro table with 3 chairs around it stuffed in a corner. I told him I wanted my money back, after a very heated discussion I finally got my grease money back and walked out of the club. We saw this happening to countless people...DON'T TRUST WHAT THEY TELL YOU WHEN YOU MAKE TABLE RES, I WAS LATER TOLD BY A DOOR PERSON THEY HAVE A NEW  TABLE POLICY AND OVERBOOK THEIR TABLES BY 300% AND GIVE THEM TO THE HIGHEST BIDDERS WHEN YOU ARRIVE, BASICALLY AUCTIONING THEM OFF TO PEOPLE IN LINE AND WASTE OVER AN HOUR OF YOUR EVENING...VIP, LOL I THINK NOT!!!! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER NICE CLUBS IN VEGAS THAT YOU CAN STILL BE TREATED AS A VIP.  AVOID TRYST AS WELL SAME OWNER/MANAGEMENT.Left a bad taste in my mouth and will probably never step foot on Wynn property again!
5	I LOVE everything about this place. XS is Xcessively Sexy! I love Tao but I love XS more.Don't worry about how long the line is. It moves so fast. They got it together. Don't try to bribe them as well.. it won't work.
5	BADASS.... I am not saying I am Mr. Club but I have been to my fair share of clubs before.  This 100% tops my list of best clubs ever visited.  From the smoking hot babes to the lavish set up this place hits on all cylinders.  I mean drinks were ridiculously $$$ and the line was out of control, but once we got in it was like something out of a movie.  Reasons why XS gave me goose bumps: * Abundance of stripper poles, used both by professionals and drunk Vegas partiers* Gold sculptures with bodies coming out Hans Solo style* 100's of tables all with bottle service and lavish seating* What felt like 1,000's of scandalously dresses babes  * Directly connected to the pool with giant bar and DJ* Tons of availability to receive a cocktail at several bars/waitressesXS.... I hope to see you soon XOXO Chandler
5	MOST BEAUTIFUL CLUB EVERRRRRRRRRRRR. walked in to the club and i was just in awe. i recommend going a little early when theres no line, maybe around 9-10, so you can get in right away, see the view of the club while its still empty, take pics by the beautifulll pool, get your stamp and go back to the casino. gamble a little, mingle, get free drinks in the casino, then head back to the club in the -re-entry line when theres more people there. Some awesome things about the club:BEAUTIFULLLLstripper polesmoney falling from the skybeautiful poolpool bedslots of spaceawesome cabanasCover is about $20-30 and WELL WORTH it. I thought it was more worth it than the other clubs we went to in vegas that we got in for free at.
5	By far the best club in Vegas. Opulent, pulsing, and sinful. It's an experience that garners the phrase, "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
5	i thought tryst was awesome, but XS manages to bitch slap it in the face and call it a ho.  XS is basically how clubbing in Vegas should be.  i got there around 945 and there was a line but it moved incredibly fast.  there's no dicking around with guy/girl ratios or anything, just a flat cover charge of $30 for guys and $20 for chicks.  there are 4-5 cashiers by the entrance who are continually taking money.  trust me, this is a well-oiled machine.  i left at 2-3am and the place was still completely juiced.  great crowd, great music.  i will be back as soon as practicable.
5	Not a "club" person but went on a Sunday night with friends. Besides the crowd the venue itself was amazing. The opening to the pool on looking the whole hotel is amazing. If not for the venue itself it's worth the cover charge.
4	I'm so not a club person, but we checked this out on our bachelorette weekend out. I LOVED it! It was huge, the ambiance was very nice, music was a good mix of hip hop and house and the bathrooms were clean. I am glad we had VIP service, because the regular line to get in was actually wrapped around who knows where and heard it was a very long wait. We reserved a table with bottle service near the pool area for about $1100. Thought it was well worth it so we didn't have to wait at the bar for drinks and it was nice knowing we had a place to sit when our feet hurt from dancing too much in our heels. They were very accommodating - the table originally had 4 chairs, but they brought 6 more so we all could have our own seat. Check this place out if you're doing the club thing. Just make sure to find VIP service so you don't have to wait to get in.
5	XS is the best!XS, Thryst, The Bank, Foundation Room  and TAO are the best club in Vegas. The rest is crap.Great music and not to loud. Next to the XS pool.Pretty awesome place. A very classy place.
5	Best club I've been to in my life and I've seen my fair share.  STAY AT THE WYNN OR ENCOREStayed at the Wynn and XS is literally around the corner from the resort elevators.  Get in line at around 9, wait half an hour, get a stamp for ins-n-outs, and go back to the room throughout the night for a free drink, yay, or a J...  whatever your poison.  Get in line after 10 and good luck getting in... some of our friends didn't.  POOL AREAThe main reason I enjoyed this club, especially as a smoker, is the large, open-air pool area.  Luckily we found a free "sofa-recliner" that sits in the shallow area of the pool where you can dip your feet or lay back and watch the crowd - I suggest you grab one.  My wife and I partied, fell asleep on the recliner for an hour around 1am, woke up, grabbed another drink, had someone hold our spot, got back on the dance floor, and back to our seat until the club closed.Bottle service tables around the pool don't seem VIP at all.  Close to impossible to get on guestlist for the average Joe.  FYI:  The table reservations line was the same length as the general admission line at around 11:30pm.Went here on a Saturday.  They played a mix of house and hip hop.  $14 Jack and Cokes are worth it because drinks are 1.5x - 2x larger than normal.  $14 henny shots not worth it when you have some in the room.  Admission: $30 guys, $20 girls.
3	I didn't get off the plane until 11PM on Sat night, hopped a shuttle to check into the hotel and by the time I was at the Club it was about 1. Still so many people in line trying to get in. The fact that I had to stand in line and pay cover is annoying but it's the nature of the beast. I did see several people walk up to I guess maybe head of security? and slip him money to get in. I had never seen it done before other than on TV, so that was interesting. There I was, alone by myself in a BIG club, taking in the sights. Extravagance is a good word that comes to mind. Everything in sight was gilded with some sort of glass mosaic laying on top. Reminds me of Hearst Castle. I think Trina D says it best: "Opulent, pulsing, and sinfulI" can't remember seeing a waterfall but I do remember jumping around in the pool. The crowd was definitely mostly 20 somethings dressed up in the latest fashion from all over the world. I met people from Ireland, Iran, good old SF, LA, NY. People were nice and chill there. Music kept you bumpin and the girls were Hawt. I had planned to go to PURE cause I didn't really like huge clubs but glad I changed my mind! Alcohol was very expensive $21 for Redbull Vodka with an extra shot. Went again on Sunday but earlier and it was totally dead. Hence the 3 stars... would I go back? yes I would. If for nothing else other than the atmosphere and electricity in the air until the next biggest grandest thing opens.
4	Ambience is open and airy outside by the huge pool. The music sucks. If you want to dance to nice typical clubbing music, this is NOT the place. Its cool to hang out with a bunch of friends. Get there early as in 930P at the latest.  Drinks are typically overpriced as usual.  this place needs to change their DJ or playlist.
4	I can completely see why this is the hottest club in Vegas right now. It's brand spankin' new, the inside is beautiful, the outside is huge and spacious and the help is scantily clad. The outdoor area surrounds a huge pool and has several bars. It even has some gambling tables set up for those that can't get enough! We got there early because the line gets INSANE. So unless you're on the guest list, which btw, they didn't have on the Saturday night we were there, make it a point to be timely. Don't worry about being the first ones there; the club fills up very quickly. If you're willing to spend a shit load of money, they have ample bottle service areas. There's bed after bed, lounge after lounge, table after table and all in prime locations. My friends and I opted the cheaper route: standing.The only complaint I have is that the dance floor got so packed that you literally couldn't breathe. In my opinion, it's too small for how large a venue it is. It was just impossible to enjoy myself when I was repeatedly slammed in to, stepped and spilled on, even wasted it was unbearable.If you're visiting Vegas and are looking for some good ol' fashioned debauchery, definitely check this place out. Good times are waiting for you.
4	This is definitely the hottest club in Vegas right now. My friends and I went on a Saturday night, one of the busiest for this club. It seriously did not take very long to get in, which was surprising enough! We lined up around 9:15pm. The club opens at 9, and it was just perfect timing. The 10 of us got into the club in about 15-20 min. If you want to get in (and for free with our XS ladies passes), line up before 930! The last time I was in Vegas and tried to get in, the line went all the way into the Wynn Theater! It was just CRAZY!The ambiance was just spectacular, as it was huge, decorated just lavishly with the Encore red & gold theme. I loved how there was that spacious outside area with a pool, water beds, and even beds/seating areas all around the pool area. There's even gambling tables with black jack with $25 min. I couldn't resist playing a few rounds! Great for those that want to relax and gamble, and not dance much.As for the club factor...the dance floor...it could have been better...e.g. bigger. In addition, the music just sucked! I thought they were gonna play hip hop, but everything seemed to be either dance or trance. The hip hop was mixed and became more of a dance/techno track. Ehhh....I was very disappointed....I had to take away one star...The club is definitely a great place to chill and hang out with friends. Definitely gonna keep this place on my list for my bachelorette party!
2	I was pretty disappointed. Sure nice decor, nice space, it's spacious, right by the pool which is swanky... but other than that, EH. that's all i can say about this place.first we stay in this long ass line, but ok, it moved fairly quickly, and between my boyfriend and I, the cover charge was $50 which is... maybe average or at least expected at a club in vegas. then we get inside, and the MUSIC SUCKED. oh my gosh. I wanted to shoot myself. what is this called? "house music" some techno crap? uhhh i'll pass. and no one was really dancing. they were just there smooshed in the space with other sweaty ppl. the outside was pretty sweet though, you can sit around the pool and drink.. but still eh
5	I went here for my birthday with 19 other friends and it totally rocked. The music was really good. The price of the drinks were pretty much the same as it is here in LA so we did not have any problems with that. It was also my first time in Vegas so I really can not compare this experience with any other clubs there.We went to the club on a Saturday, got in line at around 21:20 and got in at 21:45. It was a really long line but it just kept on moving and moving. When we got it, I was so surprised with how big it was and how good the music was. The DJ was REALLY good. By midnight, the place was already packed but there was enough space to move around. People were really happy and friendly too! So there was good vibes everywhere.Another thing, there is an abundance of poles in this place so make sure you get a hold of your drunk friends before they either make a fool of themselves on the pole or just flat out straight out attract dudes.I would HIGHLY recommend this place if you're in for a great night.
5	this is why i love las vegas. xs is gorgeous. the place is huge... inside, the dance floor is encircled by large booths, stripper poles, and bars, and opens up to the pool and outdoor bar. plenty of places to lost in the crowd, slip away chill by the pool, or be the center of attention. my friends and i ended up here on a monday night and it was ridiculous. we arrived after 1am and it was packed. we were on the list so we breezed in, but it didn't seem like people were having issues getting in. the dance floor was full and people were dancing on top of the booths, by the bar, by the pool, and everywhere in between. we spent most of our time dancing by the pool and, what else, drinking! every monday should be like this!!!only downfall was getting totally molested by some creep... but that could happen anywhere... the crowd was totally hot and there were no attitudes. loved it. going back next week!!!!
4	straight up. this place looks like it belongs in a rap video, it's baller status beyond belief, besides the dance floor and table area, there is an outside part with a pool that is pretty much twice as big, with 2 more bars of it's own. One of them looks like it's across on an island (it's not really an island) and you can even gamble there too!there's a lot of baller looking outside arrangements as well, as in lots of diff sofas, sort of in the pool itself as well as beds for folks who don't mind an audience (you know who you are)weak drinks...Best part: every friday there's this old guy, prob in his late 60's that just grooves like nobody's business. He's the man. And he let me take a picture with him!Worst part: the music is basically suited to sorority girls that "just wanna dance" and by that i mean flail to beats that are either too fast or too bad for you to actually want to dance with someone to. Fo real, who plays kelly clarkson and all that crap at the club? Let's be real 60% of dancing these days is grinding and you can't do that to 90% of the music they play
5	*ANOTHER VIDEO* - =DWOW!! Just Wow... I went for seconds and thirds... and just when I thought it couldn't get any better, it blows away one previous experience after another!! If I could give this place 6 stars I would! The nights I went  this time were June 12th and June 14th, 2009. Combination of my birthday and my buddy's bachelor party.. Went through the same VIP host we always use, cut through the line, got in.. And trust me when I say, this place did not disappoint!!I wrote a few other reviews on this place, so feel free to read my previous posts, so I won't go into too much detail. This place just rocks. But I did decide to post another video of my experience!! Yippeee!!! The last video gave you guys more insight on the overall club. This new video is a bit more personalized so you'll see it more focused on just my own experience.The camera work is choppy and it was dark in some spots that weren't quite as well lit as others. But I hope you do enjoy. If you would like to see my other video on XS, please check out my other review! Thanks, and again, XS IS THE BEST!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDpAluad730P.S. Just a friendly reminder to click on HQ for the best quality =)
4	This place is AWESOMEEEE! its so big! and the bartenders were really cool. I came with a big group of friends and we got in VIP somehow and skipped the line. It was pretty much a huge blur but i'll spit out what i can remember. The shots were very generous in tall shot glasses,and they were definitely not watered down. I walked through the dance floor and from what I remember the music wasn't my usual hip hop/rap scene but it was enough to wiggle my drunk ass. Later on in the night I walked out of the club with my friend and when we came back.. the bouncer said i was too drunk to come back in!!! hence the minus one star. I was walking and not puking and verbally capable of any kind of conversation! how is it that i'm too drunk to get back in?! so i mustered up all my concentration, voluntarily walked in a damn straight line for this bouncer with a stick up his ass and sprinted in my black stiletos back in.. he didn't deny me again.. or else!! *shakes fist in the airall in all.. it was a great night. beautiful club. took my shoes off and walked in the pool for a little bit at the end. definitely coming again on my next trip!
4	So, I like to think of myself as a purveyor of fine clubs.. somewhat like a sommelier is to wine. My jaw literally dropped and the hairs on my neck started to stand as I entered XS. All you have to do is imagine yourself walking into a rap video set. One is immediately greeted with good music and upscale ambiance. Lighting was perfect.. not too dark with just enough light so there are no super big surprises later on (what I mean by that is .."is that what she looks like in the light?) We had an outdoor table with bottle service so I'm not going to rate their bartenders. Our hostess was super friendly and kept checking in with us making sure everything was fine. Four bottles was the minimum for our outdoor cabana table... which was rather high, since there was only 5 of us. It was Saturday night and the line to get in wrapped around the entire hotel corridor. Even the bottle service line was 100 people deep. Of course, we arrived fashionably late and approached the front. They shunned us away and told us to wait in the table service line! (that's the reason for the -1 star) We don't wait in lines! What the heck! The host quickly came and explained to us that there was no official VIP line and to wait in the regular table reservation line and we will be pulled out and let in. Surely enough.. within 5 minutes we were pulled out of line.. went between the velvet ropes and led to our awaiting table. Impressive establishment, great layout and good staff make this place a must visit spot if your in Vegas. Tip: be prepared to drop some serious cash to have fun, because the only way to do it is table service. If your a girl, then be prepared not to drop a dime because people are popping bottles all night long! Also, the place is HUGE.. your bound to lose some of your homies somewhere while roaming the club (but hey, your not here to hang out with the homies are you?) They do have tables inside the club to gamble, so if you pick up on someone, you can show them what a baller you are and lose money on a dumb bet because you are too drunk to realize what your doing. Mr Wynn, I have to admit, you've outdone yourself with XS. Just like the name implies, one is immediately overwhelmed by an excess of what makes Vegas... well.. Vegas. Viva Las Vegas.. and remember what happens in Vegas.. Stays in Vegas! (my apologies as I do not have any pictures to post. The pics are either too incriminating or too graphic!)
4	First time here for a friends birthday celebration.  Since we rolled with guys, it was more logical to book a cabana.  Ours was situated by the poolside, so we saw a lot of foottraffic .   The venue itself was georgous! If you've been to Tryst at the Wynn, then you'll love XS.  It's 10x bigger and decor was magnificent.Music was good and so were the people we met throughout the night.  Definitely a must go when in Vegas.**Fair warning:  guys or girls...on Saturdays, must go EARLY or else you'll be stuck waiting in a LONG line outside.  Unless you have a hookup there, must go early!
3	So glad we stood in line at 9 pm because the lines were wrapping around the mall and almost to the casino at around midnight and the line was not moving probably because it hit it's limit or they were only letting in people who had a reserved table. $$$$$ Very expensive bottle service so we skipped all that jazz. Got in around 9:30pm, got our drinks, sat on one of those chairs in the pool and we were good to go. The music was like top 40 / KIIS FM dj/mash up style. I love mash ups but it was like a rap song with an rnb song and it was more of a mix than a mash. I don't know, it was odd but still ok when drinking strong drinks. We danced a bit or more like swayed cause it was too crowded. Decor was nice, half inside / half outside was nice, gambling at the club was nice, sitting by the pool was nice, people were nice, and the bathroom service was crazy nice but i think the music makes the place for me and this was just OK in my book.
5	i normally wouldn't write a review on a club, let alone a vegas one. however, i feel as if it is my due diligence as a yelper to provide this one sage piece of advice:GET IN LINE BY 10 PM.and you will have no problems.  really.  don't be dismayed by the long line already there.  i was with a group of about 10 guys and two girls (myself being one of the two) on a saturday, and we literally waited in line for no more than 20 minutes.  seriously, i kid you not.  AND for the regular price of $20/head.  no hook-ups, no bottle service, no slip of a benjamin into the bouncers hand, no sleazy vegas slangers or taxi drivers, no boob flash.  if you're serious about getting in, just line up early and i promise you'll get in with no problems.okay, that's all.  for reviews about the actual club, just read all the other five-star reviews-- i pretty much agree with them all.
4	Pretty people everywhereTook only 5 minutes to get insideA very NIIICE club that makes you feel like you're in a mansion party or a rapper's music video.The reason for docking a star is because clubs in Vegas are always way too crowded and the actual dance floor was pretty small. I suppose you can just dance anywhere.
4	When I go out, I go for the music more than any other element of the "clubbing experience."  I was not that impressed as I was hoping the vibe would be more house/trance/progressive.  It is most certainly NOT.  Mashups and pop with r'n'b isn't bad, it just isn't my cup of tea.  What really annoyed me was that they played Gaga's Just Dance at least 3 times in a 2-hour window.  (IMO, that's grounds for dismissing the DJ).Yes, it's the eye candy that really takes you aback.  Too bad none of this eye candy is really approachable.  I did meet people who were really nice, but there's a fair share of people trying REALLY hard to look too important to talk to you.Also, the dance floor is way too small for the size of the club.  I don't have anything to say about the price of drinks, since they're on par with everything else in Vegas.So check that off the list of 'things to do'.  Yes I saw the most expensive nightclub in the world, and yes, it's beautiful and architecturally interesting.  The poolside loungers reminded me of the Miami scene.  I might be back, especially since there is practically no wait and the staff/bouncers are easy to deal with.
4	Alrite i've been to XS a couple times now.. and posted my intial thoughts about this place before. Its still, hands down the best club in Vegas. Crazy long lines, and extravagant everything.  Im taking off a Star because the music most definitely needs to be improved. I know its hard to please everyone, but can you pleeease balance out the music formats? Im not the only one feeling this way either. I would hate skipping the best club in Vegas due to the fact of not enjoying the music being played. I mean I like mash ups, dance, etc  music too but it was like overkill after a while.  A little more top 40s, hip hop, RnB etc would be appreciated by many. Trust me I would not be re-posting if i didnt think was a problem. Thanks! XS - Still the BEST CLUB EVER. Music please improve. ;)
5	THE LOW DOWN!Ok ok first off if you're a girl let me tell you something you should not be paying. Why you ask? they have get in free ladies passes that you can use. and yes the girls we were with used them. They are good before 12. You can get them on ebay for about 50cents or free in random places around vegas. Take the time to save yourself 20 bucks a girl. Yes guys will have to pay 30 bucks to get in. So when we got there... Around 9:30. We saw a line of about 300 people. Usually in vegas that spells 3hour wait. THE MOST AMAZING THING WAS it only took 5-10 minutes to get in.... There werent douche bag bouncers running up and down the line selecting people to go in. This place is so big that they have to let as many people in as possible to make it look packed.So Once you get in the inside of the club looks like a bigger version of tryst with a dance floor in the middle and bottle service all around. (Mental note: do not get bottle service unless you get at least 4 bottles) We saw people with bottles who were sitting at a little table in front of a planter hahaha sad really sad. There are plenty of places to sit at Xs even if it's just a planter. If you get there early enough there are mattresses on the edge of the pool which are for anyone to sit on. First come first serve. On the other side of the pool which faces the club there is a giant bar. that has bj tables and craps tables for those who would rather not dance. There is plenty of places to sit. Let me emphasize that because most places in vegas you have to get bottle service so that you can sit somewhere. Everyone can lounge sit around and talk and it's all great! Drinks are pricey but that is to be expected. 14 dollar shots and 17 dollar mix drinks. Not for the poor for sure. There is one down side to this club. There is only one dance room that plays a lot of house music with a little hip hop mixed in. The one dance floor is not quite big enough. Once midnight passes the dance floor is packed and you will get hit. The outside exposed area also becomes packed and filled with people so it becomes a little hard to maneuver around. The next sucky thing is that there arent enough bar tenders working the bar. It can take upto 10-20 mins to get a drink later in the night. Usually only 1-2 bar tenders per bar area. All and all a very fun place to go where you can hang out and talk with friends in places where the music isnt too loud... or you can go dance where the music is loud... you can gamble if you are there because your friends forced you to go. Probably one of the hands down best clubs most people will ever go to.
2	Overrated, expensive, crowded, nowhere to sit unless you reserve an expensive table. We were not on a VIP list so we had to wait in line. The wait was okay and the bouncers informed us the cover would be $28 a person. When we tried to negotiate, they offered us $20 a person to get in. Great start.Yes, the club looks sleek and posh and the outdoor/indoor set up is nice. However, $15 for one shot seems a little excessive. And talk about CROWDED. The dance floor was a major CF. I could barely move let alone dance. And I felt like everywhere we were, people were constantly shoving past.The music was cool when we first got there (pop and hip hop) but starting moving more in the direction of dance / house, which we did not like as much.
5	I am on sensory overload within the walls of XS. The vastness of the club feels freeing, although they pack this place up. People everywhere getting wild like a Hollywood hills mansion party. The decor looks out of a vanity fair photo shoot. It's just all unreal. You do feel like you are dreaming and the walls could melt around you. And disappear. I couldn't begin to review this place after being here only twice. I feel like I need at least 20 more nights here to begin to take it all in. I will be updating as my relationship with XS develops. XS is a Vegas 'must'  for every person who wants to be at the 'it' club every Friday night which is what this town is made of. Shit, XS is the studio 54 of sin city. It's evil, I swear. So on that note, brace yourself. Here's the negative side, the lines were ridiculous, even for the bottle service.  I have never seen such a massive amount of people trying to get into a club in Vegas. When you decide to drop that kind of cash for a table, I would be pissed off with waiting grouped into the heaps of "regular" people. So get a table here or I wouldn't personally bother going at all. That's just my style go big or don't bother. There is no way in hell you'll ever catch me standing anxiously in line for a club for 1-2 hours like some people do. If you don't know someone good luck! I personally knew a promoter, had a table lined up, and still waited 5-10 minutes to get in here. Which I would never normally do but XS is worth breaking most social standards I've set for myself. ;)But all in all XS is the nicest, sickest club I've ever seen. Honestly this place could get 5 stars from the bathroom and the outdoor element alone. Seems like a very amped up version of tryst. With the added pool and cabanas outside it's a very beautiful way to celebrate life in style.
5	I must say XS did live up to the hype.  Once you walk in there are stairs that lead out to the dance floor.  As you walk in, the club just keeps getting bigger and wider!  its amazing!  the club is huge. 1 huge indoor seating area, dance floor and stripper poles situated throughout the club. There are  2 floors outdoors and a gorgeous European style pool with several lounge beds in the water. I really like the fact that XS has places for people to sit without having to pay over a grand for a table!  the poolside lounge beds are free and they are really nice.  They could easily charge people to pay to sit there, but they don't!      For you gamblers out there they have a designated area by the pool for you to gamble.  you probably want to stay away from there when you are drunk!!!      My friends got a table by the pool and bottle service was $1200 for 6 people, a bottle of jack and a bottle of grey goose.  We actually had 11 guys 9 girls, but the rest of us got in very easily considering we went on a Friday night.  There wasn't really anyone when we got there at around 10 ish.  i waited in line for a couple of minutes and was in! girls pay $20 guys $30.       I definitely want to go back again just to see the whole place and probably sit somewhere else for a different view!  the poolside tables are really nice though!!  i highly recommend it!!
4	Wow, what a gorgeous club.  It's huge and has a pool on the outside with water shallow enough to dance in without getting your dress wet.  There are plenty of cabanas around the sides which is where we were.  Bottle service was excellent, refilled often and the mixers never ran out.  The waitresses were super nice and friendly too.  The music was good and there were speakers all around the cabanas as well as the dance floor.  My only complaint is that it was SUPER hot that night and the cabanas don't have A/C inside, only a fan.  We asked if we could turn on the misters but they said that it gets slippery with the water and girls can fall in their heels.  Not sure why they have misters in that case, but whatever.  Oh yeah, another negative would be $8 for a tiny bottle of water.  If we're gonna pay for bottle service again, I would definitely want to be inside, otherwise it's just not as comfortable with the heat.
5	I've gotten SO many rave reviews about this club.  My initial thought, HOW great can a club be?  NOW i know what people are talking about when they say this club is the best!  Partying in heels on a second night is extremely brutal to our pretty little feet (yes, i'm getting old) so what's better than be able to have fun and dance with NO shoes on?!  Well, that's what can happen at XS.  They have a pool outside and inside the pool, there's an area where you can kick off your heels and get into the ankle-deep water and just have fun!  IF you plan on going to Vegas and plan on going to different clubs, save XS for last.  If you go here first, you'll be disappointed with the other ones.
3	Great ambianceAmazingly swank designGreat DJ and musicJam packed to the brim with beautiful peopleDollar bills falling from the ceilingWould have given 4 stars, but the drinks are -really- watered down and they charged us each $20 to get in (what, i thought girls always got free admission!)Watch out for seriously aggressive guys- it makes dancing difficult when you're constantly peeling strange hands off your hips...(through no fault of the club, obviously)
5	Yay for not having to pay to get in. We arrived before 11 on a Saturday night and the line was really long.  I was afraid that we were going to be stuck outside for hours but the line moved really quickly.  The guys monitoring the line were super nice.  My friends and I had just finished eating at Paris Buffet & I had just wrestled with a crab.  Can you believe it, he was already cooked and he still won the fight?  Anyway, I had a deep cut on my finger and it kept bleeding and the guys that worked at XS went out of their way to find me a bandaid. There were a lot of people inside but because it's so big, I felt like I could get away from all of them if I wanted.  My friend and I danced for quite a few hours. Maybe because we're both Asian, all of the guys that approached us were Asian.  Not only were they Asian, I am convinced that the only Asian males at XS the night we were there were Korean. Haha, too bad I'm not Korean. Anyway, I had a great time.  I usually sleep early but it was past 4am before I knew it and I wasn't even that tired.
5	This is the best it gets today in Las Vegas. Great DJ, Plenty of bars, huge dance floors, and great look. Long lines but it's so worth it!
5	BEST CLUB EVER! It is by far the most beautiful happening spot I've ever been to. If you are in Vegas you have to go to XS. Some people have to wait over an hour in line...but I tell them it is sooo worth it. The first time I visited XS was in March. We had a party of 25 ( 21 guys and 4 girls)...We got bottle reservations and they treated us like royalty. We partied until damn near 6 am....I usually don't like staying at one club the whole night but XS is one of those places where I never wanna leave. The outside is magic and the people are ALL beautiful.  They play that "make you feel good" music. I've been here 3 times now and I forget what kind of music they play but all I know is I'm feelin it. HUGE Fan!I go to Vegas quiet often and no club has come close. Try me!
5	dont u love it when things stay consistent?had a blast! best time in vegas! guaranteed
5	40,000 square feet! ...Beautiful pool area incorporated into the club. ...Line moves fast despite being extremely long on a Saturday night. ...Blackjack tables! ...I would say this is THE place to get that authentic Las Vegas party vibe. ...$30 cover charge for general admission.
5	and the winner is........XS.  This is the most beautiful club in Vegas.  Everything about it is amazing.  Went there for July 4th, got in quick even with a line, got in for free and did not pay for one drink all night, I guess that's the perk going with a group of girls.  Next time in Vegas I will for sure be back to this club.  Thank you XS for making my 4th memorable....what I can remember.
3	this place doesnt even take guestlist because so many people show up.  the guy standing there in the daytime takes guestlist for tryst even though hes a promoter for xs.  we get there at midnight and it takes us 30 minutes to get in.  no biggie.  the thing that bothers me is how they treat people.we go up to the promoters (guys dressed in suits) or guys who look like they have sticks up their asses and ask questions like how long will it take and one of the girls friends has a table so we ask about that.  when they talk to you, if they do, they dont look at you.  no eye contact.  so you feel like a psycho or a piece of dirt.  i said excuse me miss to the table hostess and she didnt even acknowledge me.  same thing with the host.  meanwhile they have this other line besides the table and general admission line where the host lets in whoever he likes.  well, i say, the host has pretty bad taste.$20 for girls.  $30 for guys.inside this place is insane.  the entry is and front of the club is like an larger version of tryst.  walking further in there is the pool with surrounding pool chairs. then the middle area with a bar and tables for people to gamble.  up one floor are the cabanas which i heard were so hot that no one was sitting in them.this place was packed.  filled wall to wall with people.  i have never seen anything like it.  when you get tired you can dip your feet in the pool.  while doing that we see some guy spit a huge loogie or barf into the pool.  within minutes guys on walkies were surrounding the area and a cleanup crew was trying to coax the puddle of spit or whatever in the pool away from the center of attention.  pretty funny.  my feet came out after that.  i saw two people actually get into the pool.  most people were only halfway in.  lots of toe jam in there.i secretly hope this club fails because the promoters are so snooty and mean.this last time we went.  we went through a host. and getting in was really smooth.  they have someone who expresses groups of all girls in for free so yay.does anyone notice how rude and ghetto the guests are though?  the guys are cheap and people are just rude.  there was open, public seating and we got into two little arguments about them!  three guys were sitting, one got up.  i sat down.  one of the guys says to me "we are waiting for our girlfriends so when they come back, im sorry"  the dude who got up comes back and tells me to "get up"  im like excuse me?  hes tells me that if i dont he will call security.  i say go ahead, this is public seating and he left.  anyone can sit.  they insult us and say "you chinese girls"another group - a girl in a fleece and sneakers is laying on the cabana.  she moves her feet and my friend sits.  she taps her friend on the shoulder and points at my friend.  the girl tells her to kick my friend!  i overhear and say "WHY?"ugh
4	Best Vegas clubbing experience ever! EVER!!Even arriving early, we couldn't beat the other eager-beavers. Good thing the line moved fast. The outdoor pool area is so beautiful with the cabana and all. Lounge beds in the pool. I can just lay there and people-watch all night.No shoving or elbowing. At least for the early part of the night, but by then I was having too much of a good time to care. Drinks are pricey ($15 for a red bull vodka!) and the dance floor is small for the amount of ppl they let in.
4	Totally agree that this is a bigger version of Tryst.  The one thing I like about this place is there are actually places to sit if you don't get table service, unlike all the other clubs in Vegas.  You can sit around the pool area on the chairs or big white sofas.  I was very impressed with their quick cleaning staff.  I saw two people yack on the carpet inside and their staff cleaned it up within 5 minutes.
2	Everyone here thinks they are EXTREMELY famous.Drinks take FOREVER. But it is beautiful club.
3	Ok Wynn Resorts dumped a boatload of money into this club. Yes its beautiful, tremendously large and certainly a good time. In my opinion the club is overrated, its actually too big and needs a ton of people in order for it to seem busy. It nice being able to freely walk around the space without having people sweat all over you. However because of the size of the space they have to let everyone and there mother in here. The music is terrible, horrible top forty that no one really enjoys.. Well at least anyone from NYC who actually knows what good music is. Personally I like Hip hop and House Music, they played little of each, rather Lady GaGa and Michael Child touching Jackson rang out from speakers. Felt as though I was at some glorified gay bar.. This seems to be the case in most Vegas club unless it Labor/Memorial Day weekend when somebody who actually knows how to DJ shows up. There were a decent amount of hot chicks here but the majority of the crowd is Asian Invasion mixed with Slum Dog millionaires all congregating in what they thought was the coolest party ever. The bartenders were slow, for a drink I suggest getting a bottle(total waste of money, unless you have a large group) or just hitting the bar in the middle of the pool. Speaking of which, the pool bar with card tables is probably the coolest part of this club. The outdoor cabanas were very nice as well but really who wants to be outside in 95 degree weather in dress pants/jeans....Rather Tryst over XS anyday, actually Tryst was way better on Thursday night(industry Night) even though it was slightly dark for my tastes. Almost had to throw Don "Magic" Juan into the water fall for trying to pick up my white chocolate. Still ended up dragging a hot Brazilian out of here. Picked her up at the bar on the far left of the club, seems to be tons of talent over here, its where most chicks meet after ditching the dorks who pays 2000 grand to get a table and these animals into the club.. Afterwards these girls are willing and ready, at which point its like shooting fish in a barrel, grab the drunkest one, promise her you'll take her to drai's, instead make a bee line to your room to change your shoes than do your thing!
5	This place looks like a rap club video it's that nice! LOL. It's a much bigger and better version of Tryst. Huge pool and you can actually gamble inside the club. The music kinda sucks here.. they played some techno stuff and just off the wall mixes. You would think they could hire someone decent? Didn't stand in line because we had bottle service. And ladies, I only waited 1 minute for the bathroom! *Gasp!!* You gotta check this place out, even if you're not much of a partyer.. you won't be disappointed. The positives outweigh the negatives of this place, and even if you hate it you can at least say you went here once. Right? Beer me!!!
4	Beautiful club!  Spacious and they run a tight ship.  Yack on the floor..no problem...cleaned in matter of minutes.  Big fat guy dancing on the pole next to you...staff asked him to move in matters of seconds.  I had fun with my girls...that's all the matters right?  Pool scene was cool and the bartenders paid more attention to the girls...sorry boys.  It's more fun when girls have their buzz on.
5	Best and Classiest Vegas club so far! Extremely large and with great open space. We were able to kick off our heels and dance in the pool (water only up to our ankles)...the music/dj was great...the people there were classier. Drinks are Vegas style priced so normal. There is a blackjack table in the middle of the pool so you can gamble too...that was a first for me.Cover was normal too $20.
5	Artist: Benny BenassiSong: SatisfactionLyrics :Push meAnd then just touch meTill I can get my satisfactionSatisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfactionPush meAnd then just touch meTill I can get my satisfactionSatisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfactionPush meAnd then just touch meTill I can get my satisfactionPush meAnd then just touch meTill I can get my satisfactionPush meAnd then just touch meTill I can get my satisfactionSatisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction
4	This is the hottest club in Vegas right now. The place is huge and it still gets packed! Come early and stay all night. There's no reason to club hop. This is the only place you'll need to go to Friday or Saturday night. At least while it's still the spot.The pool provides added entertainment. You see people jumping in, fully dressed and others that decide to go skinny dipping after a few drinks. I personally liked sticking my feet in the pool after walking around Vegas in platform shoes all day. Refreshing! Just remember to pre-drink a little because the drinks are expensive as usual. Unless you're a single hot girl, I'm sure they'll be plenty of free drinks offered.
4	Holy cow. This is the way a Vegas club should be. Big. Immaculate. GREAT music. The problem? I went on a Monday night - meaning that besides the crowd of locals, it was a trip to Germany. AKA Sausage fest.That aside, the energy was really fun here and I wound up meeting a really cute girl from the Northwest amidst the trash and snooty people. As with any vegas bar, beware the obscene prices, but they weren't as bad as I expected. Seven drinks cost my friend $89 plus tip. Look for the views from the bar in the middle of the lagoon (with the card tables). Fricking sweet.
4	My party and I arrived here pretty early and the line was already NUTS. I was with 3 other girls and we actually waited in line for about 20 minutes before we spotted our guy friends and they decided they were going to purchase a cabana for the night. Because of this, we got bumped up in the line...but we still waited another 20 minutes or so before we got inside. The place was beyond beautiful. From the "open air" dance floor, to the water outside, the cabanas were AWESOME, and the bathrooms were beautiful (lol). The only thing I didn't like about this place was the music. I am not a big fan of house music so I couldn't dance the whole night. :( However, my other girlfriends came here another night and she said they played hip hop all night... so I must have came on a house music night.Our hostess for our cabana was THE SWEETEST girl ever! I read an earlier review about how the hostesses were rude to her and the people outside were jerks... I feel bad because my hostess was definitely a sweet heart! I wish I could remember her name! Although, I would have to agree that the "cool guys" outside of the club in their black suits were douchebags. They were so rude and unhelpful. I mean, I guess it's their job, but they don't have to take that authority or power all up in the head like that. If you haven't been here, you HAVE to hit up this place because it is absolutely beautiful. MUST SEE!
3	This place is the gaudiest, most over the top club I've ever seen in my entire life. I went as a guest of someone who had a few tables, we had a ridiculous amount of booze, there were so many women who looked like porn stars.The place is M-A-S-S-I-V-E. Unnnnnnbelievable. I still have a bitter taste in my mouth about it (read my previous reviews of XS), but I think I can slowly get over it. You have to see this place to really get it. It's ridiculous.
5	My night ended pretty early but I had an awesome time.   I want to go back and stay til 5am next time.the good-bathroom guy lint rolled me and I had no lint, he even put his hand near the soap dispenser sensor because WE ALL KNOW its very fuckin difficult to use a hand soap dispenser sensor-the club is fuckin huge, you can easily fit a few thousand elephants-half inside half outside, with pool that you are not allowed to swim in but you can dip your funky smellin feet in it-casino games and a bar right next to it so you can lose money while you dance and get drinked-nice ass cabanas-good musicthe bad-security is pretty mean-they stamped me on the forearm and i asked for a restamp, the guy said it was fine then i walked out of the club and noticed it was just a black smear, couldn't get back in FTL-drinks cost a lot but i guess that's a giventhe ugly-the ugly women (but there wasn't too many) especially when you're drunk!
5	I'll keep it short and simple.  I've been to several Vegas venues and this is THE place to go to.  Great music, get setup, hot bartenders, and great atmosphere.  There's plenty of room in this club which encompasses a pool area so it's not like your typical huge dance floor with a bunch of sweaty people all around.  This would also be a great venue in the fall season when the weather is a little cooler due to half the club being outdoors.Get there early because lines will be long and drinks will be expensive (Goose & Redbull = $16) but it's Vegas and an awesome club.
5	i love XS! originally from LA & relocated to vegas. XS is BY FAR the best nightclub in Vegas. This club is always packed with beautiful people. hardly any wierdos running around. eye candy everywhere! bathrooms are huge, no long waits.... the only wait is OUTSIDE trying to get in. even table lines have a wait. make sure u get a hold of a club host before you plan on going with a bunch of people. and definitly show up early, cuz the traffic gets nasty outside. outside by the pool is definitly the best... or on the dance floor behind the ropes. they play some radio hiphop and electro/house. very vegas music... my fave in vegas!!!if u have friends that arn't into the club scene, they have a gambling pit outside by the pool. this club is the shit... been here so many times! u can't beat the scenery, this venue is absolutely beautiful.
5	Best Club Ever! Very Impressive. Beautiful people everywhere. My only complaint was the lines were way too long (over an hour wait). Even if you had bottle service you were having to wait. We managed to get right in. Great music and dancing. Blows PURE away.
5	Came here for the 4th for a bday/bachelorette party. We decided to get a table and go BIG (its vegas! If ure cheap go the f* home).. We didnt have to wait at all we met our host and were quickly escorted in (minus a little ID drama)... There is a line for the tables and there is supposidly a huge line for general admission. I didnt see how long it was but i heard its pretty massive.Our host escorts us in and OMFG! this club is huge! I dont want to say it reminds me of Tryst - I think the only similar things are the dancefloor that leads to the outside patio... and its not as nearly as dark as Tryst is ...oh yah and those stripper poles!!! Anyways our server was awesome - she refilled our drinks and was always ready to serve/ pour us shots! We had an awesome time and stayed till closing!!! They're pretty organized in this club - someone puked right near our table and that was cleaned up in less than 5 min..bathroom attendants helped you get into a bathroom fast! Didnt have to wait more than 5 min... I will definately be back next time i'm in vegas!
3	First off, this place is HUGE especially compared to the Wynn's Tryst. The spaciousness of XS definitely makes it standout from other clubs. The dancefloor itself is still pretty cramped, but since it spills out into the outside there is still plenty of room to hang out or dance by one of the pools, by the poker tables, by the bar, or in the little patio area to the side of everything. You definitely will not be lacking for space in XS.It may have just been the night, but the music at Tryst seemed to be far better than the music at XS. It was the weekend Michael Jackson died and they played three Madonna songs (including the terrible four minutes to save the world) but no MJ, what gives?They did score some points though by playing an unreleased Britney Spears track and having what appeared to be a flashback to the set of MTV's The Grind with a Crystal Waters song marathon for a few minutes.
4	Its a beautiful club but seriousl the line situation is CRAZY. Unless you nkow someone, just forget about it. Either that or take a lot of money with you or a lot of ladies, remembering that NOTHING is a guarantee. They overbook bottle service so still show up before 10pm. You msut buy 3-5 bottles for a group of 4 or more. It looks like Tryst more or less just a lot bigger and instead of the waterfall it has the Encore pool area. Look its nice if you can get in. Try.
3	XS is like the younger, more attractive sister of Tryst.  - Huge venue- Attractive people- A giant pool filled with great entertainment.  As the night gets later, you see random drunk people attempting to strip and swim around the pool- A beautiful women's restroom with everything a girl needs: hairspray, a huge selection of perfume and lotion, gel, q-tips, and even a sewing kit (which btw, helped my friend out greatly that night)What I can complain about was the music.  Terrible mash-ups and music that's hard to get into...i.e., Sweet Home Alabama.  Not cute.  Also, after 2AM I was completely gone due to the fact that their shots of Grey Goose tasted COMPLETELY WATERED DOWN!  I swear, it tasted like water and being the stupid drunk person that I am, I decided to double my doses.  6 shots of Goose later and 2 patron shots, I had to be wheel-chaired to my hotel room by security.  It was a complete roll of shame because people in the lobby were cheering me on and laughing.  Although I do not remember the night, my friends decided to take a bunch of pics so that they can make fun of me until I die.  FML.
5	We went on Friday 7/10/09. We got there are 10:20ish. The line was super long however, it was very organized and we got in in about 20mins or so. Good looking people, bouncers arent too douchey. Good times.
5	*Can I get an Encore do you want more?..*Yes XS located in the heart of Encore went here with 2 of the 10 girls we rolled to Vegas with around 12:30 am after we hit up the open bar @ Lavo... from what I heard this club is the place to be. so we got to the outside of the club & the lines were insane  almost 2-3 hour wait to get in..I'm thinking man they are gonna over pack this place like everywhere else we went already. So I guess there was a huge after party for the UFC fighters that night on Saturday so we tried to talk to promoters or whoever no such luck nobody was getting the hookupI still kept a positive attitude & was not about to pay cover now so I kept my eye on the prize in order to party like a rockstar...finally a couple of UFC fighters were walking up to get their table inside when one of them said ..hey girls you don't need to wait in line come with us...success!!! we made it inside & all I noticed was the huge dance floor & the vip tables...3 bottles of belvedere later I was txting a friend who was inside...come hang out I'm at the pool bar...wtf am I that intoxicated? pool bar all I see is a huge open dance floor & tables with lots of room to dance...so we ditched the tables & starting walking towards the back of the dance floor which led to a huge outdoor partying area which was part of the club...whaaat?!?! Omg there was a pool bar, blackjack tables, & people sitting on cabana chairs all inside the pool yes inside!!! cool so we go meet up our friends & take off our heels which was must needed & just danced it up in the pool....3 patron shots later we were soo stoked that we ended up coming here & my fav pitbul song kept playing over & over which did it for me......Left the place around 4 cause we were once again so done with all the booze we consumed what an excellent night THE best club I've ever been to in my whole life doesn't compare to L.A. or the others in Vegas soo much fun took a cab back passed out & woke up wishing I hadn't but at the same time glad I did!! XS is a must in Vegas!
3	ok, soooo I've been to XS a few other times on other trips and I absolutely adore the place, but this time, not so much! And we even had  a table! We had to wait in the VIP line for less than 5 min before my host that I'd contacted ahead of time came and got us out of the line. The problem was that our table was so far from everything, it was  in an upstairs cabana faaaaaarrr from the dancefloor and faaaarrrr from all of the people. I don't think it would have helped me had I specified in advance, I know that it's all about who you know and money. I was so disappointed when the hostess was taking us up and we were going farther and farther away from everything. I'm not really sure if it had something to do with the fact that I was the only girl with 6 guys and 5 girls were coming later or what? Anyway, I tried not to let it ruin the night. We couldn't hear the music from the DJ very well unless we were in the cabana, but then we wanted to be outside watching what people we could see. We had a good time, but we all ended up wandering around and leaving the club really early, pretty much after the bottles were done. It seemed like the people that were in the cabanas next to us ended up leaving early too. The service was great and our waitress was hanging around a lot, I think that she was really bored!           I guess a positive thing were the smaller empty bathrooms that were close by, not that I've ever had to wait long in the main ladies restroom at XS.            I didn't spend much time on the dance floor because it was so packed that you couldn't move...Bummer because I really love dancing.          Anyhoo, I think next time I'll just stick to doing XS the way that works best for me: rolling in late, hopping from bar to bar, dancing a little bit, and then leaving after a couple hours...excellent! ;)
3	We got there a little before 10 on a Sunday, got in GA line and waited about 15 minutes.  Got free passes, so no cover.  Ok, so this is the cleanest, most beautiful club you will ever see.  But I give it 3 stars cuz I just didn't enjoy it.  I had heard there were places you can actually sit and chill without bottle service, but I didn't find any.  I sat in a chair by one of the hot tubs with my $15 drink and after about 20 minutes a guy comes to collect the chairs and tells me I need to get up.  It's not my fault they left them out!  Give me a break, I'm drinking my drink!  So we go inside and sit.  No, you can't sit there "the inside is closed."  So we walk around a little more and I am done, not feeling it.  I was confused because I'm in my hot little dress and there is a he-she in the pool swimming?!  Off to PURE....
4	Since Tryst used to be one of my fav Vegas clubs I had to check out XS! When we got to the club (myself +3 girls) the line was FREAKIN Insane on a Friday around 12am. We made our way to the front to see if there was anyway to bypass the line! The door guys at XS are tough cookies! After talking to 3 of the door guys we finally found one who agreed that we shouldn't wait in the long line:) Unfortunately, we didn't get away with free cover:( But jumping the line definitely saved us at least an hour! This club is HUGE and gorgeous! Everyone was dressed to impress and looked amazing! The club also has a cool pool where you can sit and waddle your feet in...not sure how safe it is dealing with drunk chicks, but it's a cool feature. On the downside, the DJ was kind of wack. The entire night consisted of mash-ups. From what I heard, Saturday nights have better music. We ended up staying till about 3:30ish. XS is one of the better clubs in Vegas and by far the most unique!
5	i love love love this club. i went here for my bachlorette party and we had a table reserved. the crowd is good and the place is big. the dj was great and i liked how the crowd was mixed. we didnt have to wait in line since we had a table and the service at our table was really good. whenever i go back to vegas i will def come here to party.
5	Hottest club in Las Vegas to date! The cover is ridiculously high, the drinks are pretty expensive, the lines are crazy long! Count me in! It was $30 cover for guys and $20 for the women. The line barely moved, but we finally got in. Once we got in I was amazed at how beautiful the club was! It was super packed too! The music was cracking! The women were beautiful. At least that's what I recall, being a little drunk already. LOL! There was a huge dance floor equipped with stripper poles which led to an outside party area with a pool and even a black jack area.Being one of the hotter clubs in Las Vegas now I wasn't surprised to see the likes of Quentin Rampage Jackson, a bunch of other UFC fighters and Mike Tyson partying it up there. Speaking of partying it up with stripper poles. Congratulations to a member of our group who's name will be remain with me for climbing up one of the poles and sliding down into the splits! WOW! Crazy times in Vegas call for crazy places to party! This is the spot in Las Vegas now!
3	I took 2 stars off b/c of the "negative" listed below.+ PositiveHuge/roomyBeautiful decorBeautiful serversPolesHot dancers- Negative$20 cover for girls? REALLY? $30 for guys?Horrible music...music is kind of a big thing for me!Kind of boring...
3	XS is...well, excessive.Excessively big, excessively expensive, excessively packed, excessively rude bouncers, with an excessively long line to wait in. When I spoke to the guy with the clipboard and asked "I have 9 girls with me, is there any way to get in sooner?"His jackass answer was, "There are many ways of getting in sooner, but asking isn't one of them." (meaning, "Shell out the dough girl, b/c I think I'm really incredibly important even though all I do is hold a clipboard")Luckily, my girl had a 6-degrees of promoter separation, and we were able to cut to the front after waiting 30 minutes at the back of a line that wound down 2 hallways. After hesitantly parting with $20, in we went, 10 hot girls with 1 "gay" BFF. It was big, but so packed you couldn't move. I didn't get to enjoy the supposed pool bar or BJ tables (BlackJack, you pervs) or other opulent amenities. I instead was surrounded by sweaty ppl who elbowed you while you tried to pass by.Dancers were pretty good, although their gold dresses weren't that flattering. (If you're going to dance like a stripper, dress like one so  I have more eye-candy to look at.)So yea...it was aiite. But maybe my experience was tainted b/c I had to babysit a 37 yr old woman who couldn't hold down her liquor...and then had to leave early b/c she got kicked out...and then had to walk her home to the Venetian while she leaned her whole body weight on me...and then exasperatedly left her on the toilet to go back into XS an hour later. so maybe..just maybe that might be why i didn't enjoy the night. maybe...
5	a friend of mine said, "XS is like tryst on steroids" XS is, hands down, the best club i've ever been to. who ever created the layout for this club is probably one of the most brilliant people to have ever lived. 20 for girls, 30 for guys. not bad, tryst was 50 for guys. if i could give this club 5.5 stars i would, only cuz i won at the craps table (GET THIS: theres a little casino in the middle of the pool, along with another bar. AMAZING!) one downer..i went in the summer, so it was HOT..but that's out of the club's control. i would give this club 6 stars if it had outdoor air-conditioning, but i guess XS isnt dying for that 6th star of mine. anywhoo..this is the club to hit up when in vegas. people are dancing on the dance floor, by the bar, outside by the pool, and even in the pool. when it comes to clubs in vegas, or anywhere..this club takes the chicken macho burrito
5	I've had my fair share of Vegas clubs and have hit most of the clubs at some point within a year of their opening as they start getting buzz as the newest "IT" club.  The 4 girls I was with talked about going to Tao or Tryst on Saturday night but heard all weekend long that XS was so ridiculous and if we could get in, we should.  We were told, "XS is beautiful and it is almost impossible to get in.  Even girls pay a cover."  The five of us were totally up for the challenge.  So my girlfriends started working their magic.  We were connected with a good friend's, friend, "Sebastian" who took us through the VIP line at XS, and who got our cover waived.  We literally passed a general admission line that was hundreds of people long and a VIP line that was hundreds of people long.  I couldn't believe that many people were waiting in line to get in and to PAY to get in as well!  Walking in, I realized it was worth it.  You go through a long hall and down some stairs into a massive space that opens up to the pool.  There are people everywhere, although because the space is so open, not appearing crowded or too hot.  There are girls (and a few guys) dancing on stripper poles to hot, hot, hot music.Walking to the bar outside, was another fun experience.  There are tables lining the walkway and on the balcony room for more VIP/Table service.  It was totally open... you're literally out at the pool area!  In the middle of the pool there is an area where there are tables where people are playing poker or blackjack with $25 minimums and a long bar.  How SMART to do this.  The guys can pay to come in, gamble, while their girlfriends are hanging out and dancing!I had an AMAZING time here at XS.  The people are beautiful,the club is immaculate, the drinks are good, and the music is amazing.  Not a lot of spaces in Vegas where you can dance outside, under the vegas stars and have all other aspects of Vegas at your hand as well.  Sin City at it's best.
4	I can't wait to come back to XS!!! I don't really remember the "indoor" part of the club - some how we made it outside near the pool and just danced in the wading pool area.  I was with a bunch of girls and we had a hook up so we didn't wait in line, nor did we have to pay (yes, we're spoiled...that's how we roll in Vegas!). I agree w/ that it's like Tryst on Steroids! I was so drunk that for a long time, I thought I was a Tryst the whole time...until I looked up and saw the big ass XS sign. Music was decent too, from what I can remember.  I'll edit this post when I go back to XS when I'm not so drunk - that way it will be a little more accurate!
5	No words to describe this place . . . simply the BEST!!! And i mean it! I doubt that ill see anything better than this anytime soon! The most beautiful night club I've seen in my life! My jaw literally dropped when i saw the pool area! Gorgeous!!! We went there on a Friday night - the line up was a breeze. We knew ppl with table service so maybe that's why. I saw someone wrote on here that you have to get there at 9.30?? Well, me and my friend usually take 3 hours on average to get ready so we got there around 11pm and got right in. Maybe because it wasn't a Saturday? I don't know. But inside it was EXTREMELY BUSY!!! I liked the set up inside the club a lot - they sort of divided the dancefloor from the tables by this tiny rope. So when you're at the table, you still feel like you're right on the dancefloor - but noone bumps into you, so that was pretty neat! I went into the pool couple of times but only up to my knees - but i saw a few guys diving in towards the end of the night!! Anyways, partying at XS was one of the best highlights of my trip! If you're in Vegas - its a MUST!!!
5	This is THE new club to check out. It easily trumps Tao even when Tao Beach is open.It's beautiful, especially the open space and island in the middle.It's spacious. I never felt stuffy when I was there.There is no enforced guy-girl ratio, so it's easier to get in for guys. Yet, the ratio is still pretty good.The people who go are fun & easy to meet ... not to mention wild. Your mileage may vary.
4	Was it the best club EVAR?  nah.  but it was impressive in size and won me over with my favorite thing in the world, personal space!  yes, it is so large that you rarely have to squeeze past anyone or brush up against some dude's ball sweat.the music was not memorable or exciting.  that was the biggest downside.  and there was a big beautiful pool that was... empty. whats up with that?  if the guests that night had been involved in some wildly debaucherous pool party i would have been way happier.
5	I LOVE XS!!!The first night I was at Vegas, we decided to go to Tao because none of us been there.  I thought it was alright until we went to XS the next night. The layout was a little better than Tao because the dance floor was connected to the open patio outside where the pool was. It helped the club from being super stuffy and hot which is one of my biggest pet peeves about going to really packed clubs.  If you're not on the guest list or on the reservation list for a table, you're going to have to wait awhile but luckily we found some guy that night worked for the promoters so we got in easy.
5	3 words: TRYST ON STEROIDS.YES, i really needed to log onto yelp n break my 4 month hiatus to share that with the world.THE END.
3	Not sure at this age I can give any club 5 stars, but XS was def the most extreme of the 3 I visited this weekend: longest lines, most expensive cover (for the guys $30), largest space, most crowded, most dance poles, most chill staff, most places to sit, least stuffy, shortest dresses, highest heels, most panties flashed!
3	I'm not sure what the big deal is with XS...  Don't get me wrong it's a great venue with good music but I don't see what makes it *That* much better than other Vegas venues since the crowd makes the party. Maybe if I had to stand in line for an hour I could convince myself that XS lived up to the hype. But I didn't. Arrived at 11:30 pm and thanks to the magic of college buddy turned Vegas insider we skipped the line, both general and 'VIP', club cover (for both guys and girls), and were seated in a complimentary cabana near the pool literally 3 minutes after getting to Encore. It pays to stay in touch and admittedly that experience was worth 6 stars but we're rating the venue not my friendsThe dance floor was pretty packed so my lady friend and I did our dancing outside near the pool. I have to admit the people watching was fun, but didn't see any A or B listers when wading through the Bottle Service crowd and tables.The comment of the place feeling like 'San Jose' below is right on the money in terms of demographics so if that's your speed then you'll love XS. For people looking a crowd that's more, I don't know LA/SD you might want to look elsewhere...
5	This is definitely the cherry on top of a true vegas experience. My girls and I were escorted inside, comped drinks, and offered a room at the Encore. How amazing is that? The staff is fabulous, the crowd is down to party, the pool is gorgeous (watch out, my friend got thrown inside lol), and the music is seriously off the hook. I was dancing on poles and on pool beds all night lol. This is a great way to end a Vegas trip..you must, must, must come to this venue!
3	They have a Hitler door man and senior citizens yelling at you to keep moving, but they won't tell you where to go to find the end of the line. I shouldn't be pissed off before I even get into the club and after dropping $30.00 to go down one and a half blocks to get here, now I have to deal with this and you want me to pay to get into this club?! WRONG! Also, make sure you drink up or find a guy with bottle service because they do not carry cheap liquor here. Three shots came out to $76 dollars not to mention the 20 some dollar vodka/cran. On top of that, the bartenders spend too much time gossiping and not enough time making drinks. There's a sea of people fighting to get their attention and they're either walking in the other direction or chatting it up with the girl next to them. I guess they like to waste money.The crowd is for the most part good looking, but not very diverse. If you like the Asian persuasion, then you'll love XS. The music's wack and the mash-ups get old and bring your buzz down real quick!I can't knock the overall aesthetics because it does make you say "Woooooowwww " like Flava Flav, but dealing with rude staff outside, and the slow bartenders inside is enough for me to choose another clubbing destination. There's always a better time to be found somewhere along the strip.The customer is always right! Unemployment is at an all time high ( I know this because I saw it on the local news while I was out there), so don't be so angry and out to ruin everyones good time doormen/women of the strip because pretty soon, you'll be hassling people to slow down and stop to talk to you because you're selling those comp passes for tip money in the hot sun.
5	I rarely write reviews anymore, but man. I just had to fire up the yelp login to write a review about XS. I've been here a couple of times now and each time has been awesome. My first trip here, I got in with relative ease through a chain of "somebody that knows somebody that knows somebody that also knows somebody". Yeah... You come in and for a second you think that you're back at Tryst at the neighboring Wynn. Big dance floor that leads to the outside and flanked by bars on both side. You'll realize that the night is going to be ridiculous. Consistent with the rest of the Encore theme, there's a giant chandelier above the dance floor that rotates around. I don't know why I was so fixated on that while getting my dance on. What makes this place so awesome is that during the daytime, the "European" pool is open for people to freely sunbathe topless, enjoy some sports, some poolside craps and blackjack. During the night time, all that is open sans the pool obviously. Here you can actually sit down and hold a conversation with your friends both old and new. Unlike other Vegas clubs you can actually take a break and enjoy yourself. Upstairs, there's a row of cabanas where you can order your bottles as well as tables scattered throughout the club.Security is a little stiff, but they're just doing their job of keeping jackasses in check. Cocktail waitresses and bartenders are all very attractive and relatively attentive. I had a bad encounter the first time I was here waiting about 15 minutes in order to get a drink, but my subsequent visits have been great.Drinks here are pretty expensive, expect only top shelf liquor here. It's roughly 13 dollars a drink, so rounds can get expensive. Just go outside to the Wynn or Encore and get drinks out there before you roll back in. You'll save a TON of money.The cabanas are awesome. The waitress made sure we were well taken care of and kept those mixers coming. Expect a lot of random people coming by and trying to swoop in on your drinks though. Good times!The crowd is very attractive, you got your good dose of douches in Ed Hardy, Affliction, sunglasses all up in the club and popped collars, but beautiful women will always be beautiful. Overall, just a damn good time here.Tip: Take good care of the bathroom guys, they'll hook you up with a bunch of shit if you just drop a couple bucks their way.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOVED XS!  Julie F. picked a great spot for our 2nd night in Vegas!!!  Apparently there was no guestlist for the 4th of July weekend, so some of us girls had to go early to avoid the long line.  We got to XS around 9:30, and the line looked really long already.  No biggie, we had our "cranberry juice" to keep us occupied in line.  We weren't even half way done with our juice when the bouncer said..."you need to finish that now or toss it."  What??? We were at the front of the line already...it was less than 10 minutes!  We chug, chug, chugged, paid our $20 and in we went!This place is HUGE!  We walked into the main room, and WOW....its ginormous!  But wait...there's more!  There's a pool area, with lots of seating and plenty of bars.  There are these bed-type things in the water, and it seemed like it was a free for all.  The girls and I hopped on to one and claimed one for a few hours.  Its literally in the pool, so watch your step or you might fall in.  We saw a girl fall off the edge and *plop* into the pool!We eventually left our pool bed to meet up with the rest of the group inside, and it was PACKED!  This is definitely THE place to be in Vegas right now.  There were hot guys everywhere!!!  *drooool*  And all the girls were dancing on stripper poles.  The guys were pretty aggressive.  I was sitting up on a ledge and guys would approach asking me to dance.  Even though I would say no, they'd still start dancing with me anyway.  I guess being in Vegas with liquid courage means anything goes.This was by far the best club I've ever been to.  Sooooo worth the $20 cover charge!
5	wow! this place is freaking huge!! saturday night and the long is ridiculously long! but we were sooOoo damn fortunate to bump into our old middle school friends in front of the line and they let us cut!! (and the bouncer was okay with it.. kekeke)  cover is $20/girls $30/guys... i didn't wanna pay cover but what the hell i wanted to check the place out..i like the whole outdoor thing with the pool. but i guess it wouldn't be too nice during the winter.. haha.. one thing that i love love love about it being part outdoors is that you dont suffocate with all the cigarette smoke (like tao) AND there were plenty of places to sit and rest your feet.. dipping your feet in the pool also helps. theres tables in the center to gamble.. which i thought was kind of weird.. who wants to pay cover to go gamble at $50 minimum tables? ehh.. i guess its for the guys who got dragged to go clubbing lolthe only downside is that the bar gets wayyyyyyyyyy crowded
5	Hottest new club in Vegas!!!  My group wanted to go here, but as Beyonce as performing at the Encore, they made the prices ridiculously high, $100 for guys, so we said hell no (well the guys did anyway).  I guess no one wanted to pay that price on Friday so on Saturday they changed the prices down to a reasonable $30 for guys so we went there and got in quickly.  The dance floor, complete with poles for the crowd to dance on and go-go dancers in sequins, was a decent size and surrounded by VIP tables.  You go outside and there's the pool where you can dance with your feet in the water and lounge chairs/beds, but you have to get there early enough to get one.  Then there's the table gambling games and a jacuzzi to rest your tired and achy feet from all that walking and dancing in your heels.  They have a bunch of cabanas for those who can afford them!  There were definately some memorable people that night... the guy who looked like he came straight out of Alice in Wonderland with his mad hatter-y hat.... the drunk girl who decided to get completely in the pool and start dancing...  oh and I can't forget, the guy who was smoking weed on the dance floor!  Only in Vegas!
5	Hands down the best club I've ever been to anywhere, so far... The only thing ridiculous is the cover charge for guys, it's $100. I can't complain, girls is $20. When you enter the club, it's like heaven. Beautiful decor and the main attraction was the pool and the surrounding cabanas.  I suggest getting a table or a cabana when going in a big group.Really cool boys and gals, A MUST to visit!!! I saw Beyonce!!  On a side note, the bartenders are pretty rude. Drinks are around $12 or so.
5	Okay ..I semi-recuperated..but still having visons and flashbacks from the weekend or was it just a dream??!! Man..I walked in this club with my mouth open in complete awe. I felt like I was in a music video...everyone  and I mean everyone was beautiful (okay, except for this horny, 70 year old man dancing near us). $h!t the place was mind-blowing from the interior decor (infamous stripper poles)..haha to the luxurious outdoor pool, bar, and casino. This place definitely lived up to my standards!!! It's true, us ladies got in for FREE on Saturday and barely waited in line. Two days of XS in a row was definitely not "X-cessive." If anything, I am still craving for more. Great times dancing the night away and meeting new people who just want to have a freakin' good time. On the way out of the club..people were tossin' BILLSBILLSBILLS up in the air...LOL...too bad they were only ONE-DOLLA BILLS! By far, THEE-BEST Vegas trip I've had in a long time! Thanks XS for making this trip memorable! Until we meet again..stay CLASSY!!
5	The most stunning, sexy, classy club I have ever been too. It's so weel done. Very upscale but still fun and easygoing at the same time. I'm not even sure how they pull it off!The tight door policy guarantees that it will never be sooo crowded you can't move, so it really benefits everyone if you can wait your turn to get in (or better yet, have a table). There is ample dancing space especially on top of the banquettes and the music is great so you'll definitely want to shake it.
5	OH MY GOODNESS THIS CLUB IS EFFIN HUGE! its like a big ass mansion party. This club murders all the other clubs in VEGAS "looks wise". xs is TRYST on SUPPLEMENTS. the only thing that sucks about the club is the music! REMIX after REMIX after REMIX. Dammit just play the original version !
5	Gorgeous club! Dress to Impress and totally worth the cover! My sis and I loved the place so much we went 2 nights in a row and almost for a third.XS has set the bar high for all nightclubs. Props to the designers who put so much thought and detail into the place from the pool to the bathroom full of lotions, hair sprays, gels, etc. to the trippy nipple art behind the bar that looks like the nipples are following you...lol. The dance floor does get crowded during peak times and can get stuffy, but solace can be easily attained with a mere stroll over to the outdoor patio and pool area. Towards the end of the night, girls take off their shoes and start dancing in the pool to relieve the pain of dancing in 4 inch heels all night.Plenty of bars with fast bartenders everywhere so waiting for a drink is not that bad. They also have girls going around selling shots. Great place for large groups with plenty of tables and cabanas surrounding the pool. The only thing is that they only have one dj and dance area, but they play a wide variety of music.If you're a group of hot girls, they'll take you to the front. But for boys, make sure to have some girls or else you might not get in. Or try to find some girls in line to go in with...lol. It's such a small world and you never know who you might meet.....=)
4	if you like Tao Beach, you will like this club as much or maybe more.we were guest at the Wynn so had to pay only $20 and didnt have to wait long on Sunday at 11:30pm and was wisked in.  the club area was not utilized when we were there but then you walked into the pool area.  ppl were everywhere...good looking ppl all dressed up and with table/bottle service.  we did a semi circle of the pool area and came across a walk way to the bar which is somewhat in the middle of the pool...there were open card tables there and the bar was full of ppl mingling, talking and meeting up for drinks.  we walked further and then saw some ppl in swimsuits as you can utilize this pool at this club while others are all dolled up for the club part.  the house music was awesome and made you just want to dance the night away on the surrounding pool area or in the pool.  i wanted to just jump into the pool but was looking too cute to ruin my dress, hahaha.a must when you are in Vegas to visit this club.
5	I LOVE THIS CLUB!!! This time we not only danced inside but finally made it to the outside area and set ourselves up on what of the waterbeds in the pool. It feels great to be able to put your hurtin feet in the pool and still continue to dance and party. We met some amazing groups of people out there and it really made for an awesome night full of memories. The club is very pretty and the pool scene...wow...cant wait to do that again!
5	The best club in Vegas by far!  Ridiculously huge inside and out.  The outside surrounds the pool with tons of cabanas upstairs and downstairs.  The drinks are steep, but hey what do you expect for Vegas and especially the most popular place in Vegas right now.  Advise you to go early and get stamped as the re-admittance line is pretty short when you come back because the line is super long even at 9:30pm! That's how popular this place is.  And it definitely has reason to be.  It's a beautiful club with great music, a fun crowd, will leave you with a night to remember!
5	As a local, it is hard to impress me.  My fiance and I were invited to a VIP table with friends.  When we arrived at midnight there was about 100 people waiting to get in the regular line and 50 in the VIP or re-entry line.  You cannot stand and wait anywhere near the club and security will make you move along.  We ended up walking back and forth until our friend came out to get us.  As he walked us through the club there were people everywhere.  We were actually pressed up against by strangers on all sides and then got stopped for 3-5 minutes while the Flavor Flave was filming.   Apparently USHER was also at the table just outside so the crowds were just standing and trying to get a look.  Once we got outside to our VIP couch there was plenty of room to dance and relax.  Some skanky girls came up to our table of drinks and started to help themselves until we told them to buy their own drinks. LOSERS.  Ladies mostly wore sexy short dresses and HIGH heels.  I have not seen people dressed up so much at any other club.  I felt underdressed in my cute top, tight jeans and high heels, but some were dressed down...but not many.  Party all night!
3	XS in Encore is a beautiful nightclub especially their outdoor pool; however the crowd is mainly tourist and women have a cover charge of $20.  boo hoo! altogether rating - not so bad!
1	Charging guys $100 to get in last Friday night.  No wonder there was no line.  Who in their right mind would pay $100 on a normal Friday night?  Well it was Beyonce's after party.  Still,  something says the ppl aren't that dumb with this economy to pay that.  Maybe if it was NYE.  Needless to say,  I went over to another club across the street with a line that was pretty deep.This is a beautiful club from what I've heard.
5	My friend who works and lives in Vegas hooked me and my party up with a reservation/bottle service here this past weekend for my bachelor party. We got there just before 11, and the line was starting to form. Had 45 girls in red dresses in front of us... We ended up getting escorted to a big bed by the pool, which was fine with us since there were people everywhere! Between the 10 of us, we ordered 3 bottles... we paid half in cash, and the other half in credit card....and they ask you to pay for gratuity up front if possible. We did and we only saw this chick walk by once and offer to pour our drink once. Our friends showed up in line 20 minutes later and when I took a peak outside, the line was already wrapped around (both the reservation line and the general admission line). FREAKIN NUTS! This club is OFF THE HOOK!! The music was good, vibe was good, people were friendly and out here to have a good time...no drama!!! Girls standing in the pool dancing, go-go dancers had a lot of energy and seemed like they actually enjoyed what they were doing, seeing people play $1000 a hand black jack was intense, WOW is all I got to say. We were having such a great time we decided to order an additional bottle!!! In the end, we spent around $2,000 between the 10 of us and I personally think it was worth every penny!!!! If your a guy, spend the extra cash and get reservations/bottle service... you won't regret it! Everything was mind blowing and this place is personally my favorite and the best club I've ever been to in Vegas, SF, San Jose, LA, Hollywood, Cabo, Puerto Vallarta, Chico, etc.
5	This is the BEST club I've ever been to!  Best!!!  EVER!!!!  We heard there'd be a very long line so we got there around 10pm but there was no line at all.  One of my friends hooked us up and we got in for free.  The club was huge and packed but still had room to walk through people.  That's what I like.  I'm totally in love with the pool outside.  We sat on the floating bed in the pool, and soaked our feet in the water when we got tired from dancing.  It felt sooooo good!!!!   There were some blackjack tables which is amazing!!!  People can drink, dance, gamble, and relax in the club!  I love it!The music was sooo great!  We stayed till 4am!!!  What a blast!!!  I hope there's a club like this in SF.  I would definitely go back to XS everytime I go to Vegas again!
5	This hits the top of my list - FAVORITE - when it comes to Vegas clubs. I love how the back wall opens up to the very spacious pool area where there is 2 bars and black jack tables. There are chairs and tables you can sit on in the pool area which are not reserved...open for anyone who has tired feet. Also with the numerous bars, I dont ever feel that the bar area is ever that crowded. I get a drink within 5 minutes of standing at the bar...and the drinks are reasonable- the Kettle and cranberry was only for $12, which is usually regular bar prices.  They also have areas where a girl can do a little dance around a pole...great for a group of girls who just want to get their groove on. It's fun to try and spin around the pole and fall down on your behind..ouch! You can't be a shy girl doing this...get up there, shake your groove thang- it's Vegas!!!
4	XS is Vegas' best of-the-now club and is at the Encore. Can't stress arriving drunk and early enough, for lines are lonnng as early as 9pm and being at a $20/drink club from that early until at least crackin-time is an expensive feat. $20 entry for ladies and $30 for guys. I tried my very best at sweet talking the doorduds, to no avail. Unless you're exclusively with ladies, I can guarantee no luck on line-bypassing.Once inside though, it's a club that will quell any second guesses about the line or fees. Dance areas are huge & music is move-inducing. XS is equipped with enough bars to nearly eliminate the bar-wait. Lots of places to park it when your feet hurt and there's a pool in the center of the club with wading areas big enough that people took shoes off and danced in it.XS is the epitome of Vegas sexy and we even met Chuck Liddell!
5	Club XS is dope! This was my second time in the sin city of sin, and hada blast here,despite the fact that at the last min, everyone we were with decided they wanted to be lame after dinner and not go to the club! come on you are in Vegas!!!!!!Luckily my girl savved it out with me and off to XS we were..when we walked closer to the club i noticed the 200 people in line! at 12;30 am !!! ahhhhhh but i used my hustler skills and got us in in a jiffy.this club truely encopasses what a vegas club SHOULD look like..sooo many people, nice decor, club is half inside half out..it was so fun! we left at like 5am i think? dont remember actually!! had a blast i think there was cover but we didnt pay it :)
5	Yah, totally worth the time to come here!  If you are going to do Vegas night life, make sure you do it @ XS!  If not, it's not worth doing!My gfs and I started our Vegas girls trip here on first night.  Thanks to Paul, and his work buddies, we were able to get in with table service.  No long wait (other than for the rest of the party), and we proceeded to head towards the pool edge closest to the dance floor.  Wowsers, is it nice!  The breeze was hot, but just the location alone was cherry!  We were able to have a fantastic view of the crowd on the dance floor, but still far enough away to enjoy ourselves for a bit alone-time.  Lol, we ended up using the same guy, Paul as our go-to guy in case any random dudes started to hit on us.  Ha!  Total money spent per person?  $40 - included bottle of Ketel vodka and champagne and strawberries.  SOOO worth it.  The bathroom trip alone made it worth it.
4	I probably would not come back to XS again without a VIP pass in hand.  My 2 girlfriends and I went to Vegas during 'Singles Weekend', got into line at 10:30 (only 30 minutes after they opened), and waited 2 hrs and 15 minutes to get through the door.  Therefore, unless you exhibit extreme patience and have superpowered feet for a girl, or are willing to throw down a few wads of cash...GO elsewhere.  We were willing to wait + did NOT have superpowered feet+ did not throw down extra cash, but really wanted to try the newest Club in Vegas.  So the girls in front of us attempted to take off their heels after over an hour wait, and were told by crowd control that it was a safety hazard (what PITAs!!!)What's worse, we specifically took notice of the people that were being let in through the sides and to be frank, being 'hot' was NOT the token for the night.  As a matter of fact, the weirdest looking folks were getting let in due to VIP tables, being actual guests at the Encore, or knew the lady with the clipboard.Even with ALL this taken into consideration, the club and the entire experience was well worth the wait.  What?! you say.  Even after all that, it was still worth it?  YES.  XS is just THAT amazing if you're about the ambiance.  My favorite part of XS would be the decor, specifically the walls.  I've walked into Donald Trump's GOLD ROOM in his Country Club and his Gold Room in one of his mansions and I must say, I felt like I was stepping into them once again.  The best way to describe it would be that the entire place was draped in gold and had an sexy/edgy feel: "women trapped behind gold cloth trying to escape" is how I would describe the walls. SO creatively seductive! XS will forever be engrained in my memory as the place I broke my "1 drink wonder" status.  The bartenders are hotties, the crowd is pretty decent, and the music was bumpin'.  My feet forgive you for all the pain they endured in line. Oh, I love you XS.
4	Oh my goodness. Stunningly beautiful club. I love that there are gaming tables in the club, too. I love the pool, I LOVE all the space in back to just chill out after while, I love the hot tub and the racks for shoes for people who want to dance in the edge of the pool. So incredibly gorgeous. Perfect amount of space. Great crowd. Things are just better here.Minus 1 star for not having enough bartenders. 3 people in front of me in line left because they'd been waiting more than half an hour to order.
3	By far, the best nightclub I have been to. This place buries what Hollywood and West LA have to offer, simply due to the enormous interior of this club, and even so, it still got packed!The entrance to this place is located in between XS and Encore, it is not in Encore itself, but closer to the Wynn Theater area. When I first walked into the club, I was blown away by the size of this place. The pool is also a very nice touch to a club, however I did realize that this pool is probably the same pool and patio area used during the daytime for poolside activities.The club itself must have been about 40k sq. ft. or so, and boasted a plethora of seats and booths for the big groups of people wanting prime real estate next to the dance floor. The dance floor itself was disappointingly smaller than what, in my opinion, should have been a much larger dance floor. I enjoyed the drinks, although I did not enjoy racking up a $73 tab for one round of drinks with a group of five, but that's the drawback of clubbing at such a nice spot. The bartenders were very friendly and attentive. The girl I had even asked me if I wanted water for one of my lady friends...which I've never seen before. The pool water is warm and you're welcomed to dip your feet into the stairs leading to the pool, however you will be kicked out in a heartbeat if you attempt to jump in!Cover for us was free since we went through our friend's host, however the second night we payed $30 for the guys and $20 for the girls, although the much-informed flyers for free female entrances could not be found, thanks to all the local hype about Beyonce's presence. Two stars off for this idiotic bouncer who was on a very apparent power-trip who hassled us for our friend who jokingly took his shirt off. We did deserve to be hassled, but the level of obnoxiousness and the bouncer's exaggeration wasn't necessary. A big thanks to his manager who shut him up and let us stay.
5	Off the hook.A group of girls came on Friday night for a bachelorette party and from the moment we stepped in we felt like we were in a music video.  Lucky for us, there was no line so we didn't have to wait for the excitement.When you first walk in down the stairs you are able to see the whole club and its beautiful.  The design is simple and very welcoming.  The dance floor is jam-packed. To the right is the restrooms, to the left is the indoor bar, and straight ahead is the dance floor, behind the dance floor is the pool and behind the pool is a circular patio that houses and outdoor bar and some gambling tables.  It's amazing.  The pool area has cabanas and patio chairs for you to rest your tired feet.It's an amazing time, if you have to pay cover, just suck it up and go, you won't regret it!
5	I cannot begin to explain this place.  XS has a long ass line, the drinks are expensive, the cost for bottle service can feed a small country, and the bouncers are ass holes....But it's totally worth it!Don't bother waiting in line.  Get bottle service.  That's the only way you can hope to get in if you're a guy.  And if you're a lady, try wear something with more boobage so they'll let you in...and so the guys will want to dance with you.  Or so a cute guy will want to dance with you.  Straight guys love boobs.  I noticed that this weekend.Hands down, probably the best club in Vegas right now.
4	XS is the hottest club in Vegas right now and also the most expensive club ever built.  The name fits it--this club is excess to the max.When we went to dinner at SW the line was already forming around corners, and then when we came back are 12am, the line was all the way to the Wynn.  I don't know why people would want to wait in line hoping they may get in...You walk inside and there are wall to wall people.  Then the club parts in the middle (kinda like moses departed the red sea) and you see the outdoor pool with a terrace and gambling tables.  And go-go dancers on top of the bars.  It took awhile to push our way through the hordes of people to get to the bar and I was kinda taken aback at how dirty the glasses were.  I watched the bartender pour shot after shot of things in spotted shot glosses.  I got kinda grossed out.  I must be getting old, because I'm not really into the "club" scene anymore, but this is without a doubt one of the cooler clubs I've ever been to.  I think we lasted about 45 minutes and then left, but it was definitely a place to experience.  For the partier, this place goes until about 4am.
4	13 hot girls?  I was told I was supposed to be able to get in for free, but although I'm a girl, I have never gotten anything for free.  I was scolded this weekend for buying myself my own drink, but HEY I wanted a friggin drink.$20 got me into this club and I'd say it was worth it for the most part.  Yes, it was loud and hot as soon as we got in, but YES outdoors and fresh air and a swimming pool.  Thank goodness!I love space and I love fresh air and I will pay $20 for just that.  Thank you.  And thank you for letting me "dance" in the pool.  Now I just need to learn how to dance.
4	Bitches, let me tell you: I  am not easily impressed. In fact, I am a high-standard, class-loving, bitchy witch of a woman who demands the best and, 90% of the time, gets it. I reviewed this place thoroughly before I even set foot in it. People were impressed by the ambiance, the size, and the music. I decided to give this place my own spin, and can I just say that XS takes the cake in the coveted "Best of the Best" section.My crew and I rolled up at around 1 in the morning, two girls and two guys. We knew our chances of getting in were slim to none, mostly because if you roll with 50/50 guy/girl ratio or higher, you're fucked. Regardless, we threw caution to the wind and stepped up to the place. Here be the deets:1) The line: What line? The doormen were gracious, quick, and thorough, checking the hell out of my ID and moving in along. The place was packed, you could tell, but they kept letting people in regardless. A few people asked us if we were on the list, and I remember telling myself, "My God, how refreshing to finally be in a place where the honor the coveted list!" Even at 1 in the morning we moved through the line at a brisk pace, getting in after a mere 15 minutes.Cover: EVERYBODY pays. A LOT. I'm warning you beforehand, if you're coming strapped for cash, you'd better step aside for those who come packing heat. The girls paid 20, guys 50. 50?! I know, I know... it's a ridiculous amount. Ludicrous, even. BUT... we got through the line quickly, paid our money, and were not discriminated against just because we had a large group of guys. So, it was worth it, now that I think about it.Ambiance: Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! I see now that it stays true to its moniker of "Most Expensive Club in  the World." There are robed people coming out of gold walls, a gorgeous staircase, naked women whose titties follow you around plastered on the bar wall, a beautiful, huge, rotating chandelier suspended above a huge dancefloor, stripper poles, a pool... There's so much to see that it's crazy. Everything is rich, gaudy, drenched in gold and gems--too much done just right. The setting alone puts on a show, and I thoroughly regret not springing for bottle service, not gonna lie. I agree with many of my fellow Yelpers when they say it looks like a much larger Tryst. Drinks: This is why this place gets 4 stars and not 5. Typical Vegas prices, typical Vegas drinks--don't expect too much so party up at home and then come out.Crowd: Best-looking crowd I have ever seen, anywhere. No joke. People make a crazy effort to look good for this place, and I've never seen so much Gucci, Versace, and Cavalli on a young crowd. The guys and dolls are worth the look, I promise you.Music: The best thing this place offers. Tired of your Top-40, hip-hop re-hash? Do you want a good dose of electro, mash-up, and remixes? Mix it all together and you get XS's nightly musical selection. I danced my ass off for hours while singing along to Lady Gaga, Ciara, Daft Punk, Madonna, Kanye... yup, the list keeps going and going and going...Go! Go now!
4	great place! i love how the back (or is it the front?) of the dance floor is wide open and you can be "outdoor" and indoor. hehe great atmosphere in my opinion.the dancers are fun to watch! some of them seem less than enthused but nobody really cares about that, do they? :)expeeeensive drinks! but most likely people come here for an event so somehow the usually painful tab is subdued by a celebratory occasion. but still, $8 for bottled water? yeah, ridiculous.anyway, i've made good memories here and i would definitely go back should i visit vegas again.
4	You walk up to the club entrance and you are just amazed by how LONG the line is!The only way to get in and bypass the line is if you know someone and that we did. :)It is a nice club, way bigger than Tryst, that's for sure.Girls show some tatas and you will be in, for sure!
4	Being that it is currently the most expensive night club ever built, costing more than $100 million, this 40,000 square foot club it truly lives up to its name -- XS. Just like with the Encore, everything about XS is ultra-lavish, sexy,decadent and chic. Entrance to the club is generally $30 for gentleman and $20 for ladies. Just like all of the other clubs in Vegas it can be significantly higher on some nights depending on what's going on it in town. For the Beyonce concert weekend, I heard they were charging upwards of $50 for guys. Be sure to adhere to their strict dress code. Fella don't even think of wearing your Js to this club unless you are Michael Jordan himself. Ladies, show of dem tig ol bitties and you're sure to get in. Try to have a higher ratio for female than males in you group to increase your odds of being let in at a decent time, otherwise to avoid the long line and guaranteed entrance bottle/VIP service is highly recommended.Once you walk into XS you will be in awe as you are able to see all three areas of it: the lounge, the main room, and the pool area. The decor motif is gold, brown and beige. For me the main highlight of the club is the pool area with the cabanas, beds in the water, and blackjack tables that some even swim up to.If you're feeling like you are baller status, try their signature drink "The Ono" which is highlighted by Dom Perignon Enotheque champagne and Louis XIII dey Remy Martin Black Pearl cognac.XS is not only the hottest club in Vegas right now but one of the top and most exclusive in the world. They do not need to promote the club by publicizing celebrity guest because the elite tend to just flock their. One night I bumped into Christian Rolando and Paris Hilton at different parts of the club! For me the minor things that could tweak to make XS better areif they were to stop switching their music between hip hop and dance/house every 15 minutes towards 2-4am and if they could recruit the hot asian chicks in the bathtubs at Tao! Other than that XS is definitely the biz-ness!!!
5	craziest night of my birthday weekend... came here the last night before we were supposed to get on the plane the next day!!!! all i can say is i dont remember a thing!!!!!! which means it was a great night!!!! the striper poles are fun!!!!!!!! one thing though.... the seats outside suck!!! my boyfriend and i fell off and he chipped his elbow! there kinda cheap!!!!
4	XS gets points for having a name that has TWO WHOLE SYLLABLES, though I do think it's sloppy wordplay.  What is the "extra small" meaning supposed to suggest?  That its female clientele should be very thin?  Is that so important as to have a place in the name of the club?  Anyway.We had a great time at XS.  Granted, we were comped a table with bottle service thanks to a friend and his Vegas-loving father.  Thank goodness, too.  The prices on that menu made my head spin.The place is huge and packed with humans.  It's definitely a hot spot with plenty of dancing.  I like that the dance floor leads out into the open pool area for some space and, weather permitting, air.Service is alright, but our waitress was visibly and vocally annoyed when my friend retched - very cleanly! - into a cup at the table.  How those Fantasy Land prices don't buy a little vomit clean-up service eludes me, but nonetheless, it was a fun night.
5	I have been to XS twice and I am going to agree with the majority of reviews and say its one of the hottest clubs in Vegas at the moment. Seriously who wouldn't want to come here; good dance floor, nice areas to just lounge outside, good atmosphere. Its huge, and very easy to get seperated from your friends so just try to stick together. Both times i went it rained money, so that was cool, i picked up a couple bucks. The bars can get really crowded, but what club doesn't have a crowded bar? I love the outside area of the club, its really chill to just go there when you want to take a break from dancing. Our group left like at 3ish and there was still a line outside and the club closes at 4. If you're staying at encore/wynn, go early get a stamp and then go back up to your room and pregame. Then just come back around 1130-12ish. Also be sure to get some passes for ladies and guys show your room card for a discount if you are staying at wynn/encore. Some people don't like how there is trance/house music played at xs, but its not like the whole time and seriously a lot of places mix in some trance/house so its hard to really avoid that. Just go and have a fun time, it can get crowded but because its so huge, it doesn't seem as bad like at Tao back in the days.
5	honestly...the nicest club i've been to in my LIFE!the decor and layout is amazing. the pool/lounge area that you can dip your tired, danced-out feet in really is something unique XS has. and the dance floor was CRACKIN!only...the music gets kinda weird sometimes, and in between good songs. can be somewhat of a mood-killer.
3	I got to say I've been to clubs in hollywood and they seriously don't compare. I mean this club is seriously so enormous and absolutly off the hook, not to mention it has tons of stripper poles woo hoo!!! With enough booze you'll be a pro. Half the club is inside while the other half is outside. Okay so be here early because the lines are long and i mean huge!!! I was tempted to leave when I saw the line, and i got there half an hour before they opened, but it moved pretty fast though. It's 20 dollars for ladies and nope there is no guestlist so unless you know someone then you're paying.  There are tons of restrooms so hooray you usually don't have to wait long. The drinks are pretty pricey 12 for cocktails and one cost my friend 15 bucks so be prepared to pay tons of money for drinks or just go buzzed. So why the 3 stars?! Well it should be a 5, but this club is just so huge that it's pretty impossible to meet and chat with people, or if you see a hottie and look away for one second, boom he's gone and chances are you probably won't be able to find him again. Also, as much as i like the pool area, it was hot so if you danced near that area you were pretty much suffocating, this place needs some major AC. But will I return?! Hell yeah!
3	The VIP hosts here are AWESOME.The place is visually stunning, and I wanted so much to like it a lot, but...1. It's open to the outside, which is cool, but it seems hot and humid as a result.2. Drinks are expensive, if you're buying  ; )3. The DJ sucked on a Friday night...4. The dance floor is really small.
4	Was here for a bachelor's party a few ago. Here are the quotes and prices we got from the plethora of hosts.One bottle ($4-500) per three people and with generous tipping of the host. Another quoted the same ratio but added their own sixty per head personal fee. (WTF?!??) I found the best way is to get as many bids as possible and do the ol' fashion negotiating and try to bring that bottle count down. I found the larger the party, the more hosts were willing to work with you. One told me that they each usually could have about four groups each night, so of course they wanted the biggest damage possible.My recommendation is to get a table inside during the summer or by the pool. . good luck with all the ghetto Asian girls.
5	I absolutely had a great time here.  Table service was great, crowds were fun, ironically bumped into familiar faces out of this 40,000 sq ft indoor/outdoor venue, and the bouncers took care of everything (me).  This is by far the best venue one should visit in Vegas.  My only concern is: it would be best to revise their incurred transaction on my tab.  If you can remove that mysterious 70% out of the charge, I would give this rating an overall 5 stars.  I'd still come back anyway.  What are businesses tax loopholes for, anyway?
4	In my opinion, this is THE club at the Wynn properties. Not only is it the newest, but the nicest. The outdoor pool area is awesome... weather permitting. Looks similar to Tryst, but the layout is improved. Priced like anywhere else in Vegas, but provides enough enjoyment to justify $12 Corona's! Definitely will go back.
5	W.O.WIt was my first time at XS and it just blew my expectations out of the water!Went there on a saturday night and the line was longggggg. Waited for almost 2 hours to get in but was still fun because we met a lot of people also in line and just had fun killing time. We almost got kicked out of line cause we were gettin kind of rowdy =). OH! security was cool. they let us drink our nice lil home made beverages in line. which probably saved me $$$ from buying drinks in the clubEntrance for guys is $30 =( BUT i would of paid $50 with no hesitation.Once in.. i was in awe. Place was packed and i didnt see an inch of space! went to the bar.. went to get an adios for a whopping $16!! first and last drink i got for the night =/They have a dance floor, which i thought was kinda small, but what makes this place is the pool area. You had people taking off they're shoes and dancing knee high in the water. Overall a GREAT experience and probably would go here again, and again and probably, most likely again =)
4	Def. the hotspot..if you are with a group of attractive girls, you'll get in no prob...be prepared to wait in a long line if you don't have a table... I've had friends who've had horrible experiences booking table service so I wouldn't recommend it... I've heard they overbook by 200% and it's first come first serve.. so you may be standing in line even though you have a table.. I've also heard that they pick and choose who to give tables to based on appearance.. so IDK... came here the weekend beyonce was there.. a group of seven girls got in with $20 cover but guy friends of a friend had to pay $150 cover and 10G's for a table!? CRAAAZY.
4	This place is gorgeous - most amazing club I've been to.  Would've given it a 5, but the music was kinda wack.  Other than that, you're bound to have a great time here.  This place is huge with an enormous outdoor area.  There's dancing indoors, but my friends and I had a great time dancing outside too.  The pool dominates the outdoor space, and there are some giant, awesome beds that lay in the shall end of the pool.  There were 7 girls with my group and all of us were able to chill on one bed.  It was so nice to soak our feet after our feet went numb from dancing inside.  The water only goes up to your ankles, so you can dance in the shallow end, but make sure you don't fall in the actual pool!  I saw several girls fall in and get drenched with everyone watching, and a lot of folks laughing. Yeesh!  Beds in the water aren't reserved, so feel free and snag one for your party.  The round beds on dry land are for bottle service reservations.  If you wanna have a real Vegas nightlife experience, you have to go to XS.  It's gorgeous, and it's not cramped like other places.
5	XS makes all the other clubs in vegas small and not las vegas-ey.  like, wow, now this is what i call a vegas club !
5	This is by far the badddessst club ive ever been to. Its damn near perfect. I took my girl for her  21  b day and it was going off on a monday. The outside has a massive pool for people to chill in or even gamble on. There is plenty room of outside that it doesnt get stuffy inside and lets you dance or just walk off and chill outisde. The cover is expensive for guys like 30, but do it. This is hottest club out right now. period.
4	XS is a gorgeous club, no doubt. Plus, it's huge and you can go outside when it's getting cramped inside. However, like most clubs in Vegas, the cover is expensive ($30 for guys, $20 for girls and Encore guests - there's no guestlist), the drinks are nearly $20 a pop, and terrible, terrible DJ. I personally cannot stand mash-ups of terrible hip hop songs, but I guess the majority of club-goers are down with that and/or have short attention spans. They seriously need to get some good celebrity DJs in there -- they make enough money to have one every night.The doormen and staff are actually really nice, and luckily we got to bypass the insane line. It looked like the line was rather quick though, and they started letting people inside on Friday at around 9:30pm.The huge pool area is a nice place to lounge, and you can get bottle service out in the cabanas as well. The bartenders work fast, so getting drinks from the bars isn't a problem. There are a lot of beautiful people (ow! 8/14 gallery, page 6 http://www.xslasvegas.com/flash/index.php), and the go-go dancers are pretty hot... so yes, there are a lot of things that make XS way better than all of the other big clubs I've been to in Vegas. It definitely feels glamorous, not trashy. Expect to spend around $100 per person. But then again, money ain't a thing when you're in Sin City!
4	XS, it's so hot right now.  Plush seating, swank pool, chic gambling tables, spacious outdoor patio, good looking people, and popular hits...all the elements of a happening Vegas club.For the people that are not celebrities or have the hook ups, here is a secret (that I hope will not ruined by its giveaway) to skip the 3 hour line: go at 8:30 PM when everyone is still grubbing or getting ready...go in...get your stamp....leave....and come back when it is just about to get popping (which is somewhere between 11 PM and midnight in Vegas?).  Lucky you.  You get to skip the line because you already have your hand stamped.
4	Beautiful place with beautiful people and probably the hottest party to attend in Vegas right now.Went on a Friday night and had THE BEST time....fun music and albeit packed to the corners, never felt overly crowded.  Went home (back to hotel) with fat feet from dancing all night here....and that's a good thing!My only complaint is that the lines at the bars were always tooooo long.  You'd think they'd get more bartenders, but I guess not =/  Easy solution to this problem though was just double fisting it each time we went to get our libations...one girl, 2 cups style ;)
4	Just like everyone mentioned, it's beautiful! Lots of lounge area with bed on the water. The place is huge but the dance floor is big enough to get my groove on but there is only one though. Went there last friday nite, and the line was long but it moved really fast like cattles. Much better than the racist anti-Asian Tyrist in Wynn.$30 for guys which I thought was worth it, the music was good and the drinks were strong. The place gets really pack around 12am and lots of beautiful people. I actually stayed til closing at 4:30am. This is the place to be in Vegas!
4	Went to XS on a Saturday night and got a cabana at the pool area.  Although the club was going off, our cabana was a bit removed from the dance floor and as a result, a lot more mellow. Some may like the more mellow scene outdoors but my friends and I prefer the indoor scene when at Vegas.  Still had a great time but next time we're going to specifically request a table indoors.
3	This was probably the nicest club I went to in LV. Poles and stages everywhere.  My cousin knew a host so thank God, we didn't have to pay or stand in the 40 minute line woohoo! It was a beach theme the night I went to people were sent outside to the pool area. Gorgeous! There were cool seats floating on the sides of the pool, the bar right under a balcony.  The night we came, nobody seemed to have reserved the cabanas on the balcony so we pretty much just chilled up there.  The bouncers didn't even say anything!However, the biggest negative for this club is the sucky music. How can such a nice club have such terrible playlist??? It would have been fun to get up and dance but the girls and I just didn't know how to dance to that type of music..so minus one star for XS.But don't let the terrible music keep you away! Come early to take pictures then bounce to a club that plays better music!
5	Beautiful CLUB and this place is freaken HUGH. Me and 14 of my girls headed out to XS after our dinner @ Switch.   Lines were hella long, but as long as you get there early enough the line moves fast.  We drank and danced all night.  My sister had passes to XS but not enough and the resturant Switch also gave us additional passes. When in vegas you can find me back at this club dancing w/ my shoes off in the pool! ;-)-p2
5	XS is the best club in America. Hands down. You shouldnt be contemplating coming here, you should just come. Nothing more needs to be said. They spent something like 100 million dollars to make this nightclub. It speaks for itself.If you dont like XS you probably just dont like clubbing in general.
5	The gold standard of clubs in Vegas.Yes, it's the club that everyone wants to see and be seen at.But I loved it for other reasons...- It's gorgeous and huge, complete with an enormous dance floor, a beautiful outside area that has a pool with a bar in the center and yes, even stripper poles surrounding the VIP tables.- Ladies, you can dip your tired tootsies into the pool but don't even think about jumping in.- The music was pretty amenable to all, starting with classics earlier in the night (gotta love Journey when you're drunk), then standard hip-hop / pop fare (Lady Gaga rules all still), and finally house music at the end of the night.  The DJ even through in some Kings of Leon and Chili Peppers earlier on.- Now, this may seem like a silly thing to note, but outside, there are ledges everywhere, which you can sit on!  I don't know about you, but after 3 hours in 4 inch stilettos, my feet feel like they're gonna fall off.  And the fact that you can sit down without having to be at a table is just lovely.Some things to know before you go...- There is a guest list, but it's only for parties with all girls and it's only for Sundays and Mondays.- Cover is $30 for guys and $20 for gals.- Get there early (like 10:00) because the line gets HUUUUGE.  But overall, the wait's not too bad.- The line itself is pretty organized, with bottle service guests to the left of the club's entrance and general admission to the right.- The drinks are mad expensive: $17 for an Adios.  So I'd recommend pregaming elsewhere.- If you walk through Encore earlier in the night, you can happen upon a promoter who can give you passes for free admission.I think that's about it!  If you're only in Vegas for a couple of nights, you should definitely make XS one of your stops.  Happy clubbing!
5	What everyone else said. :) Effing gorgeous club!Some things I want to add:-Go on a Friday night, it's less crowded and you will be guaranteed in with no problem at 9:30pm. Either that, or grab a stamp first then come back and skip the line!-Drinks can be a bee-yotch to get cause of how packed it is everywhere. I was in front of my bartender for 20 min and he skipped me 3 times, even for a dude who came after me! Rude, I say.-All the tables for gambling are all BLACKJACK, or at least the night we were there, just as a note.-Some ladies should NOT be up on those stripper poles. Some chick full on slid herself down the pole upside down with her asscheeks hanging out. Too explicit for me! plus security pulled her off after that.-Do bottle service, you won't regret it. Waiting in line for drinks is a buzzkill alone! We would've sprung for it but they were sold out, of course. I hear the standard is $500 for a bottle for 4, plus gratuity. Not too bad. They also have cabanas and the second level cabanas if you're feeling it.-Thank goodness for the attendants in the bathrooms, guiding the girls to the next available stalls.. makes the line move way faster!-We spotted Victor Drai walking around. Hard to imagine that a team of 60 yr old entrepreneurs created this club. damn!Next time I'm in Vegas, I am definitely reserving bottle service ahead of time! Until then..
4	So how to get into XS if you're a guy:1.) Arrive early, ~9:30p.m and get in line. You'll wait maybe 15-20mins, pay your $30, get stamped and come back later. 2.) Arrive ontime (~12:00pm) tip a bouncer/promoter ~$100 for a few heads and he'll walk you through the front. If you decide to get in line around this time, you probably won't  get in for a few hours if at all.3.) Arrive anytime, buy the $600 a bottle table. Usually 2-3 bottle minimum. I won't give a reiteration of how awesome this place is, other yelpers have done that already. Cheers.
5	I think everyone already said what has to be said about this club: "HOTTEST CLUB EVERRRR!" "2 THUMBS UP!" "BEAUTIFUL!" "STUNNING!" "5 STARS!" "SEXY, GLAMOROUS, BOOTYFUL!"... okay, we get it. THIS CLUB IS THE SHIT!I spent a total of 6.5 hours at club XS in 1 night (9:30-4:00am) 6.5 HOURS! That's almost 1 full day of work! Sheeesh!Tell me, has anyone ever seen somebody fall in the pool!?Tell me, What's up with the 80% techno music they play up in here.Tell me girl, how did you fit that in those jeans!?Tell me, why did Jordan Farmar of the Los Angeles Lakers have to ask the pretty lady I was going to ask to dance to join him in his little VIP area!?! GRrrRR!Overall, a great clubbing experience in Vegas!
2	better get in line early (at 9) and get a guest stamp.... and come back laterplace is huge but dance floor is small relative to the club = mosh pit on the floor....place needs a little better crowd control, cuz there are dudes everywhere....also there are some newb slow bartenders... which made me have to wait 45 minutes for 3 drinks... wtf??!!cockfest in the dance floor + 45 minute wait for drink = totally killed buzzcrazy thing is that this place is going strong at 5 oclock morning
5	gorgeous club, beautiful decor, nice poolside seating for chillin'.awesome crowds and good music.staffs are nice. they  really know what they're doing.very expensive drinks.same goes for encore (too lazy to post at encore) 5stars, beautiful hotel, helpful staffs, nice room, nice view from 54th fl to the strip. (higher room# partially blocked by wynn)
5	This is the BEST club in Vegas (I've been to most of them...I've been partying in Vegas at least once a year for the past 7 years).  I went w/ my boyfriend on a Saturday night and was a little worried about the line b/c I'd heard this was the hottest club with the most outrageous lines and I typically go to Vegas w/ my girlfriends and we always skip the lines. We got in line at 9:15pm (early, I know but so worth it) with drinks in hand and were in at 10pm. Not bad considering the line spilled into a nearby show theater. We hadn't even finished all the drinking we wanted to do. Everyone that works there was super nice - we were even allowed to party in a VIP cabana (that we had not booked and didn't pay for) for a good hour until the party that had reserved it showed up.Drinks were pricey - a mini bottle of water was $8 and a well shot of Vodka was $12...but it's that way everywhere in Vegas.If you're in Vegas don't go anywhere else and don't let line rumors keep you away. This place is HUGE, it's awesome, and it's worth an hour wait in line. Just go early and drink while you wait...the line will go much faster than you think.
5	Indeed a very beautiful nightclub and worth paying the cover to get in.  The set up is very nice with the pool and gambling tables, cabanas located around the pool and a dance floor right by the entrance.  Beautiful ppl, amazing site next to Encore and Wynn, and great memories, I couldn't picture a better summer night. =)
5	Best club I've been to so far! I stayed at XS until 4am and had a blast the entire time.
5	It's an unbelievable clubbing experience.  As you enter the club, you get that view of the dance floor with the pool/cabana behind it, that giant chandelier rotating above it, with two go-go gold dancers on both sides.. it is quite a sight to behold - the pics here on Yelp does not do it justice.. you have to see it for yourself in full color.I thought at first the indoor area would be high-intensity while the outside area would be a bit more mellow.. but as the night went on, the entire club (indoors and outdoors) was jumping.  There are people dancing in the pool, on the table, on top of the ledges.. everywhere. The intense VIBE was ubiquitous throughout the club.  I have not felt such vibe in any other club.  It was a unique experience.The bars can be packed - prepare to spend a bill for a round of drinks for 4-5 people after waiting for 30-45 minutes at peak times.  I heard many clubbers complain about the cost of drinks.. but you're in XS.. be prepared to pay the price.  You WILL get what you paid for.Get in line early, buy a table, or have a hook up.  Otherwise, you'll wait a while to get in.  But XS will make it worth your time and money.  If you're in Vegas to party, don't skip XS.
4	Coming on a week day makes it a WHOLE lot easy to get in. And not as crowded (which is fine with me.) Only the outside area was really open however, the pool and the poker tables are pretty cool.  People can really go swimming in the pool it's crazy! Just be careful some areas around the pool are really small and you feel like you could fall in just by walking by.  *tip toe*  :P
5	OK- after coming to this club 3 times this summer, I think I can give you a pretty good idea of what the place is like. It's nice. Actually, it's one of the nicest clubs I've seen and I've partied at many places in LA, SD, (parts of ) NY, and LV. Whoever came up with this idea is a genius. Bad thing is, it's a pretty happening club so the lines are long and you gotta get there early.Good thing is the lines move pretty fast and the bouncers aren't as pretentious as other clubs (ahem*pure*ahem). Bad thing is if you get there early, you'll be wasted before 11pm and you might sober up by midnight. Then you just get bored.Good thing is drinks are good and does it's job. Other tidbits:*Lots of Asians*Lots of people*Lots of space*A club for everyone (drinkers, dancers, gamblers, loungers)*Music is top 40I highly recommend coming here just to check it out. Come with high standards and be prepared to be blown away. =)
5	XS is the best club I've ever been to at Vegas. The lines were incredibly long, but luckily they moved really quickly. Of course there were the people that bribed bouncers to get ahead of line, but really, if you're patient, just wait in line. It was only 40-50 min wait. What I would recommend is during this wait, bring a bottle of patron, a bottle of vodka, a bottle of your favorite alcohol and drink it in line. It is the best pre-party wait ever. Get tipsy before you get into the club, because once you get in the price of drinks is $13-15.. and they make the drinks pretty weak.I stayed till 4, and there were STILL a lot of people there. That's how Vegas clubbing should be.
4	There is literally no need to go to any other club EVER, in Vegas or anywhere else. XS OBLITERATED every expectation of a nightclub. I thought Tao was cool at first, then I went there again and it was just amazingly packed, could not move... yuk. Then I went to XS last weekend and this place SHITS on all other clubs everywhere!For the guys, it is totally worth every cent of the cover charge. I paid $30 for a Saturday. Dress to impress FOR SURE.- half star for playing almost 100% Trance/Dance and not much rap.- half star for NO BACARDI 151!!!If you are planning to go to a club in Vegas... you will be a complete fool not to go here.
5	This club is nothing you've ever seen in your life and I rarely say that about clubs given my jaded nature lol. If you are the hottest and hippest in town this is the spot right now. The club is located in the fabulous Encore. It consists of two areas, indoor dance scene with go go dancers adorning the entrance into another. When you pass the dance floor there extends beautiful view into the pool area. The pool is surrounded by cabanas and bar stand where starlet look alikes serve the drinks. Now, this is not everything. In the middle of a pool there is small island bar where there is actually a poker table. How sick is that? The crowd is everybody, hot bitches, dudes, Asians, preps, high rollers. We heard that because the club was so successful Steve Wynn decided to reward the two twenty something guys, who run the club, with extra bonus of bentleys.People mention that it is hard to get into, or, expensive but it was never an issue for us as we were on VIP list.
5	Hands down the BEST club in Vegas right now.It's Tryst x4.
5	I'm sure this has been already said but XS is a lot like Tryst at the Wynn but about 4 times bigger. This place is gigantic, the bartender told me it is the biggest club in Vegas too. The cover charge for guys on Saturday nights is currently $50 and $20 for girls, no discounts either, not even for locals. I guess this is what happens when you have the most happening spot in Vegas. The line for this place is legendary so I suggest getting there are 9pm when they open the doors, I know that sounds crazy but unless you enjoy waiting in a lines I would get there early or get bottle service.  FYI, if you get there after 10pm it will be the longest line you have ever waited in your whole life.But how can I give this place 5 stars, because simply it is by far the best, most amazing club I have been too. With great music and an even better crowd! Honestly if you are in Vegas you have to go here, you will feel like you have walked into a movie. They also have this pool that you cannot go into on Friday and Saturday nights, only ankle deep is allowed. There are no signs about this though so it was funny watching random people get thrown or jump in then escorted out. Actually this whole table decided to foolishly jump into the pool, got kicked out, and my friends and I got to hijack their whole table after they got bounced... shhh don't tell anyone.
1	I got dragged kicked out by the security guards and charged $100 over the original invoice just for throwing up in a restroom. Needless to say, I am not such a huge fan of this establishment
3	Ok, so I guess I'm a bit out of the clubbing scene so maybe my review won't be any good....but I'll just say what I have to say anyways.We got in line at XS around 10 pm.  The line was fairly long but it moved pretty quickly... I would say we waited like 20 mins or so?  So yeah, get there early like other reviewers have mentioned.  As far as cover charges, I think the cover for guys is ridiculous.  $50???  Come on... I would have said, "Later, I'm going for a big fat steak!"  So was it worth $70 per couple to get in... I think not.  Yeah, the club is big and the pool area is nice, but I don't think it's anything too lavish from the norm.  You pay for the atmosphere pretty much.For 2 drinks and a bottle of Fiji water, it was $35...steep.  I now appreciate the prices in Houston.  The dance floor was fairly small as well.  People were jammed packed, and this was before midnight so I can't even imagine how packed it must have been later on. DJ was playing a weird mix of stuff...maybe old school house...who knows. Definitely go to Vegas in the fall or winter because man it was just so hot even at night!
5	Loved it!  By far the most interesting and huge club in Vegas.  We were lucky enough to bypass the line, otherwise I might not have such a happy review...I really liked the inside/outside concept and the decor was amazing.  Definitely check it out next time you are in Vegas!
5	The best club hands down! We went during MAGIC weekend and had a blast. There were 2 (hot) girls & 2 guys in our group...we arrived early at around 9:30 (which is early, but we didn't want to wait in a HUGE line), and we only had to wait about 15mins.....girls got in FREE, guys were $50 bucks. Drinks are pricey, but what do ya expect for the hotest spot in LV? 2 Long island Ice teas were $32..yikes!! XS decor was top notch...the pool outside was beautiful and the people were classy! We were amazed at how awesome XS was.....whoever built this club knew what they were doing! There's also an evening pool party every Sunday night that sounded fun. We already had plans, but next time for sure. XS is in the Encore hotel...Def. check it out if you are in LV!
4	2ND TIME AT XS LAST WEEKEND FOR A 2ND BACHELORETTE PARTY THIS YEAR.....All the promoters I talked to said there was no guestlist for this club. It must be becasue it's the 'IT' club in Vegas right now. Luckily my cuz and friend had the hookup to get all 18 ladies in free for the bachelorette party but we had to get there at 9pm.Unforunately this club was not too diverse, like all the other clubs we went to over the weekend....We all thought that since it was a Saturday it was gonna be hip hop night.....but we were all disappointed because they still played the trancy, house, hip hop. My recommendation and only main gripe about this would be to ....******PLEASE CHANGE THE DJ******* because the mixes are kinda whack....A good song comes on...then a few seconds later turns into trancy whack stuff....Other than the music & the fact that it takes forever to get a drink at the outstide bar once the party, and the drinks average about $14 each, is cracking, so I still dig this club.DANCING WITH FEET IN THE POOL WAS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PARTS. GIRLS IN HIGH HEELS GET TO RELIEVE THEIR FEET.
4	XS - Is the prettiest club ever. Its big, The ladies gorgeous - but can you not all wear black dresses with no accessories? Guys - not as gorgeous. Except I met a football player who shall remain anonymous and we were there before Magic and there were alot of nicely-clothed men.Gambling option in the club was cool - loved dancing in the wading area of the pool - my feet hurt! BUT the DJ - um meh. Def not the best which kinda ruins the ambiance of the club. I mean you charge people $$ to get in so please spend some of it on a DJ that can mix. Which is not related to my request for more hiphop. Maybe that isn't your crowd, XS. Crowd was not diverse.The cabanas were cool, there are like three lounge couches... I dont know if I'd do that because the even the line for table reservations was monstrous.Things to KNOW:The chandeliers in the main dance area make it rain - Grown men will push a girl in heels for a dollar. The lounge beds that sit in the pool are for everyone - so if some ass comes up to you and says you cant sit there - this is our area - they paid for the circle beds around the pool and bottle service - you do not have to move or leave. If you get in, you have ins and out without having to wait in that horrid line - juts make sure your stamp is still there. So take a break - go eat something, hit the tables or a strip club, come back.
3	I feel bad for all guys in Vegas on a big weekend like Labor Day.  $200 on Saturday just to be granted access to purchase $14 drinks.  I think I've reviewed this place before, and it is the best, biggest, most bad ass club in Vegas.  But not a chance in hell I am paying $200 to get in unless I get a swedish model escort attached to my hip when i walk in.  Thank god the girls got a cabana and invited us to walk in and join em :)
3	I'm not a huge club person but I can definitely appreciate a fine venue when I go to one.  The club is so damn big it is really hard to put into words.  Lol, I've seriously been in smaller towns and cities!  Well as expected, the line was freaking long... at least an hour or so... Thankfully, we knew someone so we were able to walk right up!  As expected, the place was packed and the music jamming.  We made our rounds inside and eventually made our way to the outside pool area.  The lines for drinks didn't seem too long but I had to wait almost 45 minutes!!!  In general, the place was fun but didn't really excite me more than all of the other clubs.  I'm sure we'll be back until something new and trendy opens up.
4	I want to give XS 5 stars but the music SUCKED!  Seriously, this club has to be my all time favorite club because of the pool but what's up with all the whack house/trance music?  You know who saved the night?  MONTELL JORDAN!  He showed up and performed, sooooo good live even though he's pretty old news.I feel bad for the guys who had to pay $100-200 cover to get in this past Saturday.  CRAZY.  We were able to get in free because we were a group of 8 girls and the front desk guy got his friend to put us on guestlist.  It was still early so we got stamped and went back upstairs to preparty.  When we came back around midnight, the place was packed.  I love the cabanas!  Dancing while wading in a pool is the greatest thing ever!Will definitely come back again and will definitely not bring boys so it's easier to get in.  PLEASE PLAY BETTER MUSIC!
5	XS is the best club in Vegas. PERIOD.I LOVE XS!!!!!!!!!!!Love it so much I wanna be buried under their dancefloor! lolMoved to Vegas 2 months ago and have been to XS almost weekly; and every time I've gone there, I always ALWAYS had a frkn blast.When you walk in, the extreme size of the club is ridiculous. And those chandeliers over the dance floor are huuuuuuuuuge. They only add to the luxuriousness of it all. The boys are dressed so sleek and sexy; and the girls aren't half bad either! Maybe it was the ridiculous amounts of alcohol in my system during all my XS outings but, I swear..I could go there every single night and not to any other clubs on the Vegas strip --- and be a happy woman!!!Don't even get me started about their Sunday night pool party! Lets just imagine XS...but, W-E-T!!!My review: MUST MUST MUST MUST MUST MUST SAMPSSSSSSSSSSSS if/when you come to Vegas!!!
4	So I went during MAGIC tradeshow, it was mid week so luckily not that crowded. And only paid $20. Me and crowds are no bueno. This is the nicest club ive been to in vegas. I have been to tryst and was disappointed in the lack of outside space. Most of it was roped off for fancy VIPS. I like that XS has everything open for everyone. Im not sure if this is a common thing or it changes during the weekend. It has so many places to chill and actually talk like a normal person. Im usually pretty hoarse due to screaming after a club. Anywho they have these beds that are in one inch of the pool so u can dip your sore feet. The only reason I give the 4 instead 5 is because the music was wack. Such a dealbreaker hopefully the music changes per day but dang man
4	I never thought I would think a club was worth a $50 cover, but this place was pretty damn cool. It was easily the biggest club I've ever been to.Because it was so big I felt like I could just explore all sorts of nooks and crannies here. The small dance floor in the water was a trip. The cabanas on the second floor were cool if you had such cash to flash. Plenty of girls took advantage of the multiple stripper poles everywhere - so there was free entertainment there.The line to get in was massive, but moved surprisingly fast, especially compared to Tryst which was a miniature version of XS (literally) and almost as expensive.Give it a whirl and find out what a $50 cover gets you in Vegas.
4	Oh man! what can I say bout XS  really diggin' this one!  Its deff the pawp off.  It's your over the top, mega fuggin club.  All I can say is pop bawlzz and dance with modelzz.  Really nice scene, plenty of air flow on the dance floor...drinks were pricey i guess...but im not too sure cause of bottle service.  If you are tryin to party on the strip, uhh dont go anywhere else...clubs are just played until you hit up XS.  Errrthang else yall should already know.
4	Having done the Las Vegas party circuit a multitude of times in my vast two years of being twenty-one, I have had the opportunity to visit some of Vegas's allegedly hot night spots. Although I am over the whole Vegas club scene as there are  far too many roided up VIP hosts with far too much hair gel for my liking, my experience with XS has been above average in comparison to other clubs in its class (Tryst, Pure, etc.). The overall architecture of the club is amazing. I thought 14k gold was going out of style, but the architecture and integration of gold into the club takes the cake in comparison to the other Vegas club design. Granted the night is warm, you can find yourself stumbling from indoor to outdoor on the extravagant dance floor...just don't fall into the pool which is a the main centerpiece of the outside section of the club. For people who can become easily overwhelmed with the overall club vibe, there is a great outside bar that is surrounded by the pool. Here, guests can try their hand at the array table games or just regroup before re-entering the abyss in hopes of finding a girl to marry at the end of the night. The only words of caution that I would throw out there would be to those who are purchasing bottle service. There is a plethora of tables inside and out, and before pre-arranging bottle service, make sure you know exactly where you want to be. After talking to a number of groups who forked out the 5K for bottle service on the night of the grand opening, it seemed to be the general consensus that they had fallen victim to the bait and switch game that occurs far too often in the table service world. Make sure if you are requesting bottle service that you see a layout of all of the tables INSIDE and OUTSIDE of the club, as there are a number of tables that are outside and nowhere near the vibe of the club. I was disappointed with a couple aspects of the whole operation, but granted I was with a group of all males and we weren't forking out 5k for bottle service, I knew the Crystal and prominent tables were reserved for those who fork out the cash. Being that it was the grand opening of the club, the doors opened at 9pm and drinks were free until 10pm. Although this was a kind gesture, they club didn't actually start letting people in until around 9:30, so we had to kick up the burners and get some serious drinking done in the twenty minutes of open bar. Lil Wayne was celebrity guest which didn't do much for me. I would have preferred Denise Richards who was the guest at Prive at Planet Hollywood the same night.  Although I heard Lil Wayne's voice during the New Year's countdown, he was nowhere to be seen. I never get too excited about the whole guest appearance club thing, as it is merely a way to get star-struck club goers through the door of the club,but I really think Lil Wayne might have just pre-recorded the countdown and wasn't actually in attendance. At one point, I turned around and Jenna Jameson and Tito Ortiz were standing behind me, so I promptly proceeded to the men's restroom to sanitize in the event that any of her germs had become airborne and landed on me. A week later I read in Us Weekly that a number of other celebs w ere in attendance, but I didn't see any of them. My guess is that they were hiding out in the ultra-private VIP cabanas around the pool....which by the way seems foolish for the price being that they are completely separated from the club. Some of the bartenders seemed to not know what they were doing, but granted that this was the first night, such is somewhat expected. About 4 months ago, I returned to XS on a  Monday. Because there is so much space, it is a club that could really have the vibe killed if there weren't a lot of people in attendance. I was pleasantly surprised with the number of people that were present on a Monday....so clearly no one in Vegas cares that it was a weekday, or at least the people that go to XS. Check it out, it's no bang for your buck, but it's pretty damn cool. Just don't wake up with Mike Tyson's pet tiger and/or a ring on your finger.
5	I love this place!  If XS were a person, i'd spoon with it.  It is huge and the club itself is amazing....there are a lot of people in the place, but you can't tell because this place is so damn huge.  From my experience, the line bouncers aren't dbags, especially like that dude with the dirty sanchez mustache at Pure.I've been twice, once in March and again in August.  In March, we got a table in the perfect location.  Front middle right by the pool, so we got the best of both worlds....close to the dance floor, but right outside to get a little more chilled mood.The second time, we were planning on getting a table again...but our handler screwed up getting our names for the table that night.  The bouncer actually apologized for the mistake, and offered us to just go in for FREE!  WTF?!  I felt like I won a free meal at the Sizzler!  Definitely no way we would have pulled that off at Pure or Tao.Like some people have said before, some of the music is bleh.  I actually just watched some videos from that night....my boy is dancing in the pool to some weird electronic music.  We're so gone by that point that it is only a minor point....it would be nice though if they did play some old school Cash Money Millionaires to appease the Dirty Coast in me.
4	GreyGoose Lemonade = happiness!Aside from that, I don't have much to say that hasn't already been said.  Beautiful venue.  Decent (although repetitive) music for Vegas.  LOST OF SPACE.  etc etc.  TIP:  Go early, get your hand stamp, then come back later when the party is really on a roll.  Plus:  Shaq was wandering around the club when I was there last month, along with all other sorts of oddities.  Like Flava Flave.  The entertainment value in that alone is worth it. all on its own.But seriously, try the greygoose lemonade.  DE-LISH!
4	XS is a very beautiful club, damn. You just need to check it out. It's worth the wait and the cover charge. The line was very long but it was manageable. If you're way back, be sure to get a drink for the wait in line. When you walk, you're just surrounded by beautiful things. The inside and outside have a good vibe. All the bartenders were pretty hot.Being Filipino myself, I thought it was pretty annoying seeing many other Filipinos there. It's a social dynamic thing. That might be a factor for you. Another drawback to me was that it was just very crowded. For these, I give the place 4 stars.I hope your experience here is good. I personally had more fun at other clubs. I recommend coming to Vegas on a weekend where not a lot of people are going. I think it's raises your chances of having a good time at any club.
5	Had a total blast at the club this past Saturday.  Me and my friends did the cabana with bottle service.  The club is beautiful!  The pool is amazing!  Everybody is great, from the hosts to the servers to the people!  This was my first time going all out at the club and I'm definitely doing it again!  So worth it!
3	Second time around, XS has lost its magic.  For me, anyways.DJ still sucks.  If you just play what people like, it'll keep them on the dance floor.  Hrm, maybe it's a strategy to play bad music so it gets people OFF the dance floor and towards the bar...The whole area (indoor, outdoor, pool, restrooms) is packed to capacity.  Tables are sold out months in advance.  Guest list and general admission line is long, but it does move rather quickly.  I mean, they do want that $50 per guy.The girls got to dance in the pool.  That was pretty cool, especially since our heels were so high and everywhere else in the club we were being herded like circus animals by the crowd.  I ran into a friend but couldn't talk because we were being crowd surfed in different directions.Maybe I'm just getting too old for this.
4	Had a awesome time at this club.  So many beautiful women in the club just wanting to have a fun time.  If you are in the area, hit up this club and get ready for a memorable night.
5	A nice fun environment.  The best club in Vegas today.  The line moves fast and the music was AWESOME. There is no one to one ratio for male and female.  You can relax around the pool area while listening to the music.  If you want to party and have a blast, this is the place.  TWO THUMBS UP.....
5	Best club in all of Vegas.We recently went to Vegas for a bachelor party and booked with XS.   This was the smartest thing we could have done since there was a ridiculous line wrapping around the casino.  However, our boy Kenny (the promoter) took care of us and had us in a jiffy.  He had us seated in a little nook near one of the main bars, that overlooked the outdoor pool and right in front of a stripper pole.I think this club is approximately 6600 square feet.  It has an indoor area with 2 major bars and a huge dance area.  It also has an outdoor area with lounge chairs and boothes everywhere surrounding the pool and the tables.  Yes, there are tables to gamble at!  Also, there was a top level for those who booked boothes up there as well.  This club was packed and it seemed like everyone and anyone I knew was at that club.  On this particular night, I ran into old friend, current friends and past acquaintances that I had no idea was gonna be there.However, unless you plan on waiting in line hoping to get in, be ready to shell out the cash.  I went in a group of 10 guys and we paid to get in and then wound up getting about 7 liters of grey goose.
5	How am I blown away every time I walk into XS? It's absolutely beautiful and definitely the place to be in Vegas right now.Got a free table courtesy of my cousin-in-law, who treated all of my cousins and I to celebrate my brother's 21st birthday. So we had a  table facing the dancefloor, but outside next to the pool area. We had a great view of all the dancing and easy access to the pool for later on when we were drunkenly dancing in it. The waitress never stopped refilling our drinks and I never lost my buzz!So four bottles of Belvedere later, my family and I were done at 3 AM. There were many danceoffs, Milfs chasing my brother, and random lapdances (I only witnessed them). The service is great, the music is top 40, and the crowd is down to have fun. My only complaint is that I feel like I'm back at UCLA - hello Filipino hip hop dance crews and Asian girls with no asses. Did I just go to Bolsa on accident?XS is huge, boasts strong drinks, a large dance floor, and a myriad of different groups of people, all of whom are fun to watch and make fun of. If you take care of the people who work at XS, they'll take care of you. For now, I plan on coming back to XS, and hopefully I can still get the hookup on a table! Definitely come early if you're planning to pay - no one wants to wait in the long ass line outside! $20 for girls and $50 for guys, on a typical Friday/Saturday night.
5	Holy crap I hate vegas and clubbing.  Put them together and I am in hell.  Fat people don't club.  We just eat club sandwiches.  This place was freaking amazing!  Cover was $50 which is the most I have ever paid to get into a club without getting a steak.  Freakin insane.  All of the asians and their moms from LA pretty much drove 4 hours to meet here. The venue is freaking awesome.  Some fatties paid $100 during labor day weekend.  SuckAZ!  This is probably one of the best clubs I have ever been too.  It was that good.
4	amazing layout, great fun! wish i could go here every weekend... man, i am telling you, this was one of the BEST clubs i've ever been to. I have been to allot, having worked & still work in the scene.
4	XS is the kind of nightclub you only go to on vacation. If it was at home I would probably pass but I gave it 4 stars and I'll tell ya why. It is GLORIOUS! It is, hands down, the largest club I have ever been in and it is decked out, which the giant inside club section and the beyond gorgeous outdoor pool, patio section it is utterly breathtaking. I think we walked through the whole things with our mouths wide open. They even had a coliseum style gazebo to gamble in and beds with canopies to sit on. We got hooked up on the guest list and got in no problem, no cover (both girls, and we were dressed up). So that was awesome, but then of course beer is $10 a glass. They pour your beer into a glass, leave a bunch in the bottle and then throw the bottle away. Weirdest thing ever. The music was awesome and it was cool that you could sit in the pool on comfy chairs, or even swim if you had thought ahead. I know we went on pool party night (Sun) so I don't know if that's always the case. The reason I wouldn't go here regularly is that every is pretty pretentious, very many people trying to look cool. I complimented a girl on her dress and she stone cold stared me in the face and didn't say anything. Maybe it's because I'm Canadian but that's super rude. Most people didn't want to talk to us but we met Canadians and some English people who were laid back and had a great time. The music just got better and better all night and it was fantastic having places to sit without having to get bottle service. This place is a must see and try to drink before you show up! Other than that, don't give up! With tons of tourists there are bound to be some friendlies!
4	I was here on a Saturday night, 9/19, which happened to be my 25th birthday! I wanted to get the whole Vegas experience for my birthday so I chose this club because it seemed like the best one reviewed on here in Vegas. We got there around 9:45 and there was a huge line to get in. Then once the doors opened at 10, the line was rather quick and we were in shortly. My friends and I had managed to see a promoter earlier in the day giving out passes to ladies for this club so we took them. He told us that the ladies would be free and the guys would get some sort of discount. Well, us ladies were free but the guys had to shell out $50 for cover. Drinks are also insane. $10 for beer and $12 for a mixed drink!  Ridiculous..but then again, it is Vegas and this is the number one club on the Strip right now so you gotta think about what you're getting. Other than that, the club was so extravagant and beautiful. I loved the whole layout. There were also plenty of places to sit down outside if you needed a rest. Some ladies were dipping their feet in the pool. There were sofas on the pool for people to sit on..and not just bottle service and there was even another area where you could go play blackjack or poker. The music was great..top 40 stuff that my friends and I enjoyed. Around 12ish, the place started getting super packed on the dance floor and we went on to our next destination on the strip. Overall, I think that while XS is an incredibly expensive club, its one of those once-in-a-lifetime things...something that I think everyone should try at least once in their life.
3	SCANDALOUS FEMALE BARTENDER!!! This club is very nice! Bartender (female) near pool side, scandalous 'Breezy'! My boyfriend ordered three drinks but was charged for the guys' drinks next to us also. She said 'you were talking to him', so what! It doesnt mean the other guy was with us. $98! How does a bartender mess up like that? She wouldn't reverse charges when it was her mistake. We ended up being escorted out because she felt stupid she couldn't get an order right! $98 dollar is nothing, it's the customer service. Anyhow, we were on our way out anyway, my feet were killing me and already had my fun. Never going back though!....thieves.
4	One of THE hottest nightclubs in Vegas of the moment. Everyone wants to come here. They have a pretty big dance floor that can get quite crowded, but still manageable to walk through that crowd to wherever you need to go, sexy go-go dancers, several bars, and access to the nice, cool pool to dip your feet in when your feet hurt.Just remember ladies that in Vegas it's WHO you know along with WHAT you know to get the best ops. We talked to a promoter friend who gave all the girls free passes. Arrive early to beat the lines, because once it reaches full capacity, the line stops and you wait. The only downside: NO DJ. That's right... NO DJ, but if you like both top 40's mixed with house, then this is the club for you.
5	Gorgeous nightclub!! I went to XS during my 21st birthday weekend. My group (5 girls, 9 guys) got into the club immediately (one of our friends knew a promoter). The girls got in for free, but the guys were charged $40. The crowd was a little older (28-30+) & they were playing a lot of throw-backs that night. It all worked out though, because you can gamble on the other side of the club!! Genius layout planning. They've incorporated a pool into the club & the bar flanks both sides of the club - making it easy to always get a drink. This is definitely a place to check out at some point. The club is very extravagant - very Vegas!
5	Some people call Las Vegas "the City of Sin"....Well, if that's the case, toss me a pitchfork and call me a sinner because I love Las Vegas and I especially love XS.XS just exudes what I expect from Vegas - and that's sin. Just imagine...It's Saturday night and you and your closest friends are decked out for the night - your hottest outfits, your sexiest shoes, not a single hair or eyelash out of place. (*Pride*)Where are you going to go? XS.You strut your pretty selves over to the line at XS. Schmooze a little bit with the bouncers, get yourself to the front of the line, walk through those golden front doors, up the stairs and then...you're there. The room opens up to the hottest club in Las Vegas. Bars to either side, a dancefloor right in front of you and, behind all that, a large pristine pool, with the water glistening under the moonlight.You and your girls push your way onto the dance floor, find a little space to call your own, immerse yourselves in the music, dance like there's no tomorrow...until you catch a glance of someone out of the corner of your eye. (*Lust*) Who is he? What's his name? ...Who is that effing chick all up on him?! (*Lust* turns to *Envy*. *Envy* turns to *Wrath*.) Wait...breathe. Don't forget, you're at XS - there's plenty of fish in the sea here. If you don't find someone at the beginning of the night, you'll probably find one towards the end.What if dancing's not your thing? Fine then, get yourself a drink...or two...or ten...(*Gluttony*) Don't feel like drinking? There are blackjack tables in the back where you can win your fortunes or lose it all. (*Greed*) Are you just tired at the end of the night? Cool your toes in the pool and just lounge around...(*Sloth*)XS embodies everything I love about Las Vegas.It's extravagant and beautiful. It's classy but debaucherous.Hey, if you're going to sin, you might as do everything in excess...at XS...
4	You want to get ACCESS to XS because this place is the place to be!Ever since the Wynn opened up Encore which contains this glamourous night club, the Wynn's once THE spot, Tryst, has went down to shambles. Well, not totally since people still go, but just catch my drift. There is a LONG line to get into this place starting around 9:30pm. And if you're lucky and speak to the bouncers, you can skip the line and head to the front. Luckily my girls and I were able to do just that. According to most of the workers we spoke with, this place has no guest list on Fridays and Saturdays, meaning you have to pay cover $30 for guys, and $20 for girls. Boo hoo, but you'll understand why once you enter...This gorgeous, huge, classy club. You go up the stairs and WA-LA you oversee the huge dance floor with bars to your sides while you hear the mix of hip hop and pop play as you strut yourself onto the dance floor. Pass the dance floor is the gorgeous, glistening pool with a casino in its center and cabanas on the perimeter of the water. There is plenty of space to mingle and socialize. And dancing doesn't have to be on the dance floor or the platforms with poles, but the pool as well. That's right ladies, take those heels off and soak your feet on in, because your feet don't have to hurt tonight. And no, you don't have to dip yourself 5 ft in. There's a shallow end that has 3-5 inches of water. Can't get your outfit ruined!And fear not if you're gambling by the pool and don't want to walk back inside in the club for a drink. There's another bar right behind the casino with more cabanas to sit and relax in. Good music, space, pool to dance... Steve Wynn did this place right when he made XS!
4	If your in Vegas you have to come to XS!! It's the best night club Vegas has to offer! The Club is super big but it can get packed, depending on how many people they let in.  Standard weekend when entree fee is $30-50 for guys and $20 for girls the place will be packed! When I went on a big weekend X S wasnt even that packed because they were charging 150-200 entree fee which is ridiculous! But I got in free cause im cool like that so no worries LoL.So many people and damn soo many hot girls everywhere!! Seems to me its more asian then anything but im cool with that cause I love my asian girls! The music they play there is the shit!! House and hip hop!!! mainly hip-hop with electro beats! I dont care if its expensive because cmon people its Vegas! Don't be an adverage Joe and expect you can bargin with vegas! just a fair warning, regular beers $10, and grey goose anything is about $17. Fellas enjoy the ladies and the ambiance !!
3	Despite XS is brand new and it is the biggest night club in LA I'm not a fan because:*$50.00 cover for guys and $20.00 for girls. *Tables reservation starts at $1,200.00 minimum*Once you are in and the music is going off you might realized that the crowd is 70% asian and 30% american. NO OFFENSE TO OUR ASSIAN PEEPS. *The line to get in is RIDICULOUS long. It goes and goes for maybe a 7 minutes walk. That's right.
4	My girlfriends & I recently went to Vegas for Labor Day weekend. On our list to complete was XS nightclub. We got our admission passes prior and lined up to get into XS around 9:45pm or 10:00pm. While in line my girls and I were asked if we wanted to skip the line and walk straight in, and we couldn't refuse. As for our guy friend and my sis's bf they had to wait in line just a bit. When we first stepped into the club, all we could say was WOW. This place looks amazing and outside of the club was a pool you can dance in. The music wasn't too bad. Re-entry is granted here too, not like some boughie place, just show your stamp & your back in playas.
5	SICK, SICK, SICK! The best nightclub period. Was there to celebrate my bf's bday this weekend and had the best time. Its probably the most beautiful nightclub ever. Its amazing. We saw Floyd Mayweather in one table and i thougth he was way smaller than he looked in the ring. The place was just so stunning. The music was good but i expected the music to be a bit more mixed. Overall i had one of the best times there. If you go to Vegas this is 'THE PLACE TO BE'.
4	This is the best club in Vegas or anywhere I've been to thus far. I would give this club a 5 star rating if it weren't for the small ass dance floor and understaffed bars (although my friends and I didn't really worry cuz we hung out with some perverted Aussies in VIP). The VIP area was OK but I felt the action was downstairs. With a club this big they need to have a bigger dance floor but it is beautiful and clean. The crowd was decent and the music was poppin but there were was a few douche bags who got on my nerves!! The crowd was predominately Asian. When in Vegas check it out but be early no later than 945 and/or get on guest list - also ladies buy passes ahead of time and save some money for your drinks!!!
3	Fifty bucks.Rush through your dinner buffet, because your friends swear that this club is it.Wait in line at 8 pm.Get in early.Sit around and listen to trance with all the other people from your hometown. The same darn people you went to Las Vegas to avoid.Wait until midnight, it will get interesting.This club does remind me a lot of Tryst, but the outdoor part is what sets it apart. So many private room things and you can also dip in the pool.You might see a celebrity or two.There are enough drugs in here to make my D.A.R.E. officer cry.But it costs Fifty Bucks.
4	I won't lie, I liked Tryst a lot more. So much so that when confronted with the choice of bottle service at Tryst or XS a month after my initial trip I chose Tryst. XS may be the new kid on the block but it just didn't blow my mind the way I expected it to. I have done bottle service in many of the clubs in Vegas so I have certain expectations when going into it. While it is definitely a fun time, its not my top choice. It is the same layout as Tryst, except that it faces a pool and outdoor area with black jack tables and other seating areas. The outdoor seating is fun but, you cannot hear music as well outside. There was plenty of room to move around out there though, even though the inside was packed. (Which I found kind of strange because there was so much space outside). What results is that the outdoor tables are "disconnected" from the dance floor, its almost like being in a separate club. In addition, there was ample seating outside that did not have to be reserved. I would also give a warning that the "tables" in the pool, yes literally in the water, are cool and easy for ladies to use but would be problematic for a guy wearing sock and shoes. If you are booking bottle service here I would explicitly choose to NOT be at one of those tables. Instead of the red theme at Tryst they have brown cushy couches, and it looked like everyone was laying all over the place when we went inside. If I had reserved a table and people were sitting all over the back of the couch of my table I would be a little ticked. The point of bottle service is to have your own space and I just didn't feel as if that would be the case if you had a table inside. One of the things that I love about Tryst is the major visual focal point, the waterfall. In this aspect XS falls short...the major visual focal point is the pool area and the tables in the center. Its not nearly as dramatic as Tryst. The night I was there they played house music, which just isn't my cup of tea. All of the staff that I encountered were incredibly friendly. My husband and I got in line very early, we were basically just talking to the main security guy outside of the club when all of a sudden the line was set up around us. Within 10 minutes time the line was so long I could not see the end of it. This was true of all of their lines, which was another thing that deterred me from choosing XS for bottle service. I reserve a table because I don't want to wait in line and the line for reserved tables was just as long- and as far as I could tell not moving- as the regular admission line.
5	This is definitely the best club I have ever been to and may arguably be the best club at Vegas.  Upon entry, the vibe, the music and the atmosphere simply meshed.  The crowd was A+ in my opinion.  I loved the outdoor pool area and the fact that there was a wading area  where you could get your freak on with the ladies.  I should have never danced in the pool area.  I LOST MY SHOES and I had to walk out barefoot.  Also to top things off, I didn't drink the entire night!  My night at XS made my Vegas trip the best ever!
4	I am not sure how, but I am the first in line. I feel a sense of exclusivity in being the first to enter a club that features 10,000 lights and a $100,000,000 price tag. The letters of the club--XS--are emblazoned in gold, but they are shaped with sensual curves of the human body that nearly make one sexually attracted to the alphabet. And, the form of the letters tells us something deeper that lies beyond signification and linguistic meaning: EXCESS. At the door, there are gold leaf statues that represent males and females emerging through the void. Some appear to be morphed as if a hybrid entity and many appear to be oscillating between an absolute ecstasy of expression and one of complete pain and agony. The rounded wall of the statues appears curvy like the letters of the club, and it leads onto the dance floor which is surrounded by rows and rows of exclusive tables and booths. A number of Vegas' elites begin to express their Dasein below the thousands of strobes and on top of the finest finished surface of the dance floor. A number of times I am kicked out from the high-limits tables whose menus include a $10,000 cocktail, known as the Ono (which comes with a gold necklace and Mont Blanc cuff links, complete with the XS logo) and a $50,000 bottle of Louis Roederer Cristal. I order a $14 Bud Lite at the bar. The one hundred or so workers all position themselves in full view of the dance floor. The workers, with their constant gaze on the dance floor, appear to be waiting for something entirely significant to take place. It is as if they all, collectively, mutter: "Something will happen." But, for all of the waiting, nothing ever did take place and, it is likely, nothing ever will at the club. The XS and its abysmal state is the highest order of achievement--a nihilistic materiality in which all social forms (dread, greed, joy, excess, excitement, intermingling, self-reflection, loss in the crowd) comingle. XS, besides its unwitting and unapologetic homage to Georges Bataille, signifies the rage that no doubt besets the many who come to Vegas. Any society, Bataille would tell us, is destined to outuse, outlive, and outexpend itself. Vegas, as synecdoche of the United States, is no different in this sense. When we take to the floor of the club and when we react to the pulsation of bass upon our body we have the sensation that we are moving, experiencing, going somewhere, but lest we not forget that we are a part of the foam. On the dance floor there is a similar sense of purpose that is shared among the crowd. There is the occasional sense of altruism--such as in a glance that someone makes at you, acknowledging the shared joy of the moment--but so often this sense of community is negated by other urges. The rage of sex comes in as men position to hit on women, competing with each other to assure the stability of their bloodline, and the rage of anger enters as people posture for the best possible view of the pole dancers or for the prime real estate on the dance floor. Like other moments on the Strip, here is combined the deep sense of passion, fulfillment and joy, along with the foreboding presence of dream, apprehension and ambivalence. Whether a dancer on the floor, a bouncer at the door, or a cocktail waitress at one of the tables, there is a shared moment of being at play, but it is not one of purpose and direction, rather one of pure ambivalence. There is no purpose behind the dance on the floor, the flash of lights above us, or the intoxication that enters our body throughout the evening, but we relinquish ourselves to what is put before us. We have the sense that the only reaction to the rage of the world as it pushes against us and our futile attempts to push back is to simply become one with the world, in whatever form it takes. At this point in the evening, after the staccato and syncopated beats, the spins, whirls and dives, and the flash, gleans and glows, the floor has become ominous and alien. I only desire to escape, and the bathroom seems to be the obvious place. Like the dance floor and the bars, the restroom is immaculately adorned, but what is most curious to me is the row of abundant hair care products that line the counter near the sink. As I near the counter to wash my hands, one of the two obsequious attendants approaches me, saying, "Here, anything you like," pointing happily to the row of products before me. While washing my hands, I look the products over and glance back at him (still smiling), and just as I am about to get the paper towels from the dispenser, he grabs my hands and, together, we dry my hands. He then grabs the used paper towels from me and throws them into the garbage can. At that point, I determined that I needed to produce a tip from my wallet and while reaching for it, the attendant pulls out a lint duster and begins to wipe down my lint-free shirt, rather vigorously and with great purpose. He says, "Welcome to XS!"
4	this club is really pretty and played good music.  the place is huge, and i love how it spills out to the outdoor area so it doesn't feel stuffy and sweaty.
5	Im not gonna say too much, other then wow. I was completely blown away by this club. I was everything you could have asked for in a club and then 20 times more. Bottle Service with Stripper Poles, a Huge swimming pool, floating sofas, Beautiful People, it was amazing! GOOD MUSIC TOO! i'll be coming back again real soon!
4	ha...who would've thought i could have so much fun at a club?! - $20 entry fee- no line at 1am- partying like a 20 something, until 4am- no whiff of b.o.'s maybe, i am not as old as i thought :)
5	The best of the best! XS is by far, the best club I have ever been to. My group got passes and strolled into XS around 10ish. When I first walked in, I couldn't believe how ginormous and gorgeous the whole set up was. The dance floor, lighting, wall decor, pool, casino rotunda....it was simply breath taking. The music was good--but I didn't see any DJ booths to make requests. The people were friendly. Nobody super aggressive. There was the perfect amount of energy flowing with the drinks/music/dancing. I loved every minute of it! Also, there was never a long line for the restrooms. And it never got stuffy/humid while dancing. ANDD there were pretty go go dancers. ANDDDDD there were elevated dance poles between the bottle service tables so girls can showoff their pole dancing skills. You'd be surprised at what you'd see up there. If you go clubbing in Vegas, you better make sure XS is at the top of your list.
4	FMLWas on the 210 going to 15 when my friend called me asking where I was. It was around 5 when she called. She wanted to go to XS that same night we were all arriving. I look at the clock and knew that we weren't going to make it. She told us to try and get there at 9:30. I thought it would be impossible! I still need to change and of course, make myself look even cuter.. :)Luckily, there was NO traffic, driving 80-90 miles, we got to Vegas at 9:30 and Encore around 9:45. Hustled in the car to change (nightmare).Got stamped and then left to have dinner with my friends. Girls were 20 and guys were 30. It was a friday. I dont know if prices change after 10 or 11.The music was okay... not the greatest and not so original. Some songs they were playing were really random and mood killing. This is a really nice club. But I got drinks spilled all over my leg throughout the whole night. That wasn't fun.. but hey! someone got kicked out of the club!so overall, I would come back. They need to do something about the music though.
2	I hate you.I don't mean to be rude, but this place is nice and expensive but the way I was treated here was horrible. I don't get. I can understand that you guys have the place and its big and everything and you can charge an arm and a leg but that's what you get when you go to vegas. Lucky for us we got in with bottle service for a measly $1200. 7 guys was going to be impossible and the regular line to get in was enormous. So the night started off really nice. We got in and got to our small vip section outdoors. We only had two bottles and that was enough for our group. We started drinking and walked around. There was a lot of people here to fill up the place. With a max of 8000 people and charging anywhere from $30-$50 a head. That can be about $40k each night on entrance alone. So it started off right. We were complaining but it got better as the night progressed just by being here and being in vegas. We walked to the dance floor and walked around to check out the scene. I was having fun with the guys. The dj was ok. He played some good music hear and there. Until, I went to the bathroom. The bathroom was nice and it started to get packed as the night progressed. I can understand that. It was the part when I left the bathroom that went all downhill. One of the bouncer/security guys comes up to me and starts escorting me out telling me I have to leave. He said that I bumped into 4 people. I was like wtf? I wasn't wasted and falling over or anything of that nature. I think these guys are here to pick on dudes all by themself so that they can 1 kick them out for the fun of it or 2 to get some money because that's what ended up happening so that I could come back. I understand their authority and what they represent but its not like I was getting into trouble or about to pass out or even start a fight. I was just walking, it was busy as hell and I had to leave. I ended up being bitter about it and just told my friends what just happened after coming back inside. They were all pissed off. I don't know if I would come back knowing that it could happen again. That would ruin anybody's night.
5	As far as nightclubs go, I've been to everything in Vegas... Summertime of course, it doesn't get better than this place. There are plenty of what you want to see. Girl to Guy ration is about 1.5 to 1. People are gorgeous and friendly and I had no problems finding or meeting anybody here. I met a nice group of women who were on a bachelor party and wow. Good Times. There are pools and a pool and gambling area in the middle of the club.. The entire club however is a Dance Floor. People are dancing Everywhere and its All Good.You can put your feet in the water in several areas of the pool next to the dance floors, even sit in the shallow areas. There are huge dry sofa beds in the edges of the pool you can step out onto them without getting wet and just relax. Amazing. Indoor/outdoors. Hugest place I've seen. In the winter as it gets cold, I can see how it may not appeal as most of this club would be inaccessible due to the temp. I am probably gonna try it out for NYE and see how it goes down.The place is expensive. Vodka Redbull was $18 plus tip makes it $20. Vodka Cran ran me, $12.00. Beer was $8. So with your tip, you won't get away with spending less than $10 a drink (beer).I think everyone should visit this place at least once in your life and if you are looking for a cool spot to kick it with the boys, a "one night" adventure with someone or to seriously impress a date this is the place to go. I would strongly recommend getting the free passes for the ladies from the desk at the Encore or the Wynn... You do hafta ask. For the guys, you can go on: http://www.cheapvegasclubs.com and spend $10 for passes. You can also get these passes for Free from cabbies and hosts who give them out. If you're from out of the area, like me, I would get mine in advance so that I wouldnt have to worry about it. $10 gives me piece of mind. Get there BEFORE 10pm stand in line and get your wrist stamped then you can go in and out freely. The longest I waited to get through the re-entry line..cuz we kept going back to the room.. was 5 minutes TOPS. I went on a super busy Saturday night. By 11pm, that line was several hundred feet long... and didnt die down really until 1:30am.. There was still about a 20 minute line at 2:30am. The club closed at 7am.You can wear typical Vegas Club fashion in this club, Men: stylish jeans, Affliction t-shirt or collared dress shirt and dress shoes. People dressed like that were everywhere. Women had LOTS of skin, boob jobs and tans Everywhere... $100 skirts, $200 heels, $1000 purses, jewelry,..$100 blouses and No Pants or Panties anywhere in the house. LMFAO...The Place delivers.Anyway, Thats it for now.
5	1.)  When you go to any club in any city, do your facebooking, googling, whatever it is, and get on the list.   It will get you in faster.2.)  If you can get under a list on a club promoter, it will be free, be sure to have their cell phone number in your phone just in case.  If ladies need a hook up for XS and Tryst, message me on here, I'll give you the name of my promoter.This club is extravagent and over the top.  So gorgeous and luxurious.  It's huge.  The outside has a beautiful pool and a huge bar in the middle of it.  There is bottle service everywhere and cabanas for lounging about.  When I went the pool wasn't open, but you can only imagine how great it would be if it was.  Drinks are very expensive, but its what you can expect, the hotels cost billions of dollars and if you want to go to the best club in Vegas, go here.  I went with a group of 5 girls and talked to people with bottle service, so I didn't buy any drinks.  LOVED this club.  So impressive and glamorous!
4	Although XS isn't as great as everyone makes it out to be, it is still an amazing and beautiful nightclub. It's huge, which is fab. There's enough room to move around and breathe in air and not just body odor/sweat, but not too much room where it feels empty. The crowd is classier than most other Vegas clubs, IMO, and it has a far more attractive crowd, as well (again, just my opinion). Fyi, Sunday is pool party night. Yes, people actually swim. I thought it was just a rumor until the local that stayed with me through my drunkenness showed me his O'neill swim trunks that he had on underneath ;) Also, this is a VERY important warning: if you fall- whether from innocently tripping over this weird ramp they have or from falling b/c you've had one too many- you are out. No ifs, and, or buts about it AND they mark an "X" on your wrist so that everyone knows :( Watch your step!
5	By far the best Nightclub in Vegas to date. This place is amazing. Take the interior of Tryst and the pool/cabanas of Encore and another VIP section and you have a club that can fit 6,000 people. Great idea using the cabanas and poolside tables. Loved the bar int he middle of the pool which is "U" shaped. Plenty of room, good music and tons and tons of people. What's not to like about it?
5	Only been here twice but I love it; it's gorgeous. The place is gigantic and I love that there's an outside. It tends to get really crowded inside so I like hanging out near the pool. It was great to sit along the wall near the pool to rest our feet. Got to hang out in these random guys' cabana (they invited us since it was my friend's bachelorette). They need to invest in some fans or something in the cabanas near the restroom. It was definitely hot and musky. Musky men and alcohol does not mix well. Drinks are your average Las Vegas priced drink. The first time we went it was 4th of July weekend, we had to pay $30 to a promoter. I can't complain because we passed the very long line. Second time, it was free admission.It's great being a girl in Vegas especially when you're with all girls because most likely you'll get comped.
5	Thank Goodness for SIN CITY!!! Thiz place is WICKED!! Felt like I straight walked onto the set of a filming of CSI:LAS VEGAS!! Nothing but HOT HOT SMMOOOKKKIIN HOT PEOPLE! (Well...you'll catch a couple fuglies here & there...but that's typical anywhere you go) The cover is $20 for chix and $50 for dix (but u get a whopping $10 discount if your a hotel guest). My jaw dropped at the cover (but hey, its VEGAS!!) ...but then you walk in...near orgasm faint...The place is is freaking IMMACULATE! But...I would do a pre-hyphy before going in (drinks are EXPENSIVE!) or flirt your butt off for FREE DRINKS! WORK IT LADIEZ! Anywayz, I wish he had a place like this in SOCal! Well def hit this place up AGAIN when I drop into Sin City!
5	8-)Hands down, XS is the Glitziest, most Glamorous and To-Die-For club in the states, around the world, and possibly in the entire freakin' universe.. (speaking from 'limited' experience, of course~). Cain or Marquee in Nyc, AgeHa in Japan, Prive in HK, and M2 in Shanghai don't even compare. Just imagine the excitement and luxe in Las Vegas, times 10, and that gives you "Excess". At the cost of Tryst, the older sibling next door @ the Wynn, XS outshines with a larger and more posh venue (even though Tryst has an amazing waterfall!) -- complete with a fan-shaped pool, lounge sofas, outdoor cabanas for table service, indoor tables, poles and platforms for showcasing skin, 2 poppin' poolside bars, and another bar inside. Because of the amazing atmosphere outdoors, we danced and chatted the night away mostly 1) by the pool, 2) IN the pool (shallow portions!), and 3) beside the outdoor bars. However, don't get too playful!.. a few people were booted for getting wetter-than-they-should, aka "pushed in by friends".. hahaThe music was great overall, with some up and down moments here and there. However, outside, the music wasn't as loud, so if you like to be movin' to heavy beats, stay closer to the alive & packed dance floor.This is definitely a place where I WILL visit again when I return to Vegas. Even though the venue is large, it was packed by the time we arrived at 11:30, so the vibe was amazing all night. Well-dressed customers and revealing outfits top off the crazy experience. Finally, the $$$: entrance and drinks are a bit expensive, but not more expensive than its peers, so that shouldn't deter you; Just win some money beforehand, and your set!Okay, book your tickets to Vegas NOW and hit the club before 10:30, so you wont have to wait any longer.. 2 GIANT eProps to Steve Wynn!*
4	Okay, so like my friend Betty said (similarly), this place is hands down one of the best places to party in Vegas.  XS is by far the best party and best club I have EVER experienced.The ambiance is a bit indescribable but lets just say its elegant, very grand, sexy and fun.  Hot babes (male and female) everywhere, and everyone was in good spirits -- just looking for a good time and a good time we had until closing time.Yes, entrance is expensive -- on a fight night we paid around $50/$60 per guy and $20 per chick but it was soooooooooo worth it.  As for cost of drinks, its a high end club, cheap drinks won't be found here.WARNING - the line is wrapped around the corner at opening time but it does move quickly.A special note to the chicks who like to jump in the pool -- ummm... not so hot.
5	Great and roomy place.  This is so much better than played out Tao.I went on a Friday night.  Since it does not matter about your girl/guy ratio, my guy friend (no homo) and I went in at about 9:30 and waited about 10 minutes to get in and paid $20 since we were hotel guests.  The girls showed up at around 11pm and got in in about 10 minutes for free (they have free passes at the desk there).I was able to easily go back out to the casino and gamble a bit, go back to my room, and get back into XS with no hassle whatsoever.  They play great music (I think), had good drinks (I think), and the whole layout was real nice (I think)... I think I got hella faded.The key thing is: SHOW UP EARLY!  Then you can exit as you please.  And be prepared for $11 beers... that's just how it is in Vegas.  At any other place it is a rip off at $11/drink but for some reason it just works here.
5	I went to this spot after the Manny Pacquiao destruction of Ricky Hatton. Everything about it is 5 stars! It's Huge, Music, Crowd, Fine ladies, Upscale and hip, new, bouncers were cool, a lot of people trying to get in.Anyone who doesnt like this spot is:1) a Hater2) has no gameMOS DEF its all about club XS until the next big 702 spot trumps this one which will be hard, then its all about XS!PS: most out of towners jock this place like CALI folks. while most local Vegas people do not care for this place, they prefer PURE for some reason?
4	i have never seen a more beautiful nightclub. everything is well designed and well laid out. the place is so huge, it's never really feels that crowded. i like =) the outdoor pool portion makes the club airy. perfect place to cool down while still enjoying the music. wasn't a big fan of the music earlier on but it got better as the night went on. love the poles near the tables inside. what a way to fulfill your drunken pole dancing dreams without looking like a ho. or maybe you look like a ho but no one cares. a definite entertaining plus to bottle service. vegas truly is a place of XS. random thought: XS always looks like extra small to me rather than excess. =P
4	Xs was great this past September.  I'm just going to list the things that come to mind when I think of the place...-GETTING IN - GET THERE EARLY - we called to find out about a guestlist for Sat nite on Sat afternoon and he said no guestlist, get there by 8:30, no later.  I hung up and laughed at him - are you kidding me? 8:30 to a VEGAS club?  We got there at 10:30 instead and kid you not, the line was the longest I had ever seen for a club before.   Walking to the end took a good 5 mins.  The line for VIP was at least an hour long, you can imagine what it would take for general admission.  We were a lucky group of ladies who decided to grease the right guy and were let in right away.  Cover was 20 for ladies, 50 for guys.  -We walked and and i gasped... the place was HUGE, indoor and outdoor, chandelier down the middle, bars lined up everywhere, looks like a giant version of club Tryst with way more VIP (esp outdoors)-Crowd was pretty upscale... girls were there in anywhere from jeans to dresses that could pass at prom... men were well dressed... seemed to be a large asian crowd, lots of bachelor parties taking advantage of having a prime bottle service location.  Pretty easy for good looking ladies to join in it looked like haha-Music was a mix of house and hip hop - I prefer hip hop so when the 15 min cut ins of house played, I'd take a run to the bar.  DOWNSIDE - the place is so big, it takes a while just to get to the bar...-Outdoor area has grass laid down, and everywhere you look is a vip table set up (gazebo, patio chairs, cabana, etc.).  Loved chillin around the pool and people watching before headin in to the dancefloor.All in all, if you like Tryst, you'll love Xs.  Same vibe, much more extravagant.  Enjoy!
5	THE. BEST. CLUB in Vegas. Period.If you're from out of town, look no further to find the right hotspot on the Strip to party for any occasion. If you're a local, even better, if you want a regular place to party to take your friends from out of town, or your friends in town, for that matter. :-)I never thought I would agree with everyone else here, but here I am, writing a glowing review of the infamous XS. It definitely lives up to the hype. I was very impressed. Last night I went with my friend to their Hollywood Halloween party. I happened to get lucky by finding a promoter on Facebook who got us both on the guestlist. I recommend you get there as early as you can (we arrived at 10 p.m.). We waited about half an hour before we were finally admitted in. The party was off the hook. The energy was amazing and everyone there was genuinely having a good time unlike other clubs where I have gone that have seemed kind of lame because not everyone was into it. XS makes Tryst look like kid's stuff. Although I have a personal grudge against the Wynn, I will give the devil his due - Mr. Steve Wynn has a hell of a club. The decor is gold, complete with large statues of nude women at the bar, stripper poles, and a pool area. I didn't care for some of the music they played, but I almost didn't care. I had a ball.If you think about it, the layout is almost exactly the same as Tryst, but the decor is much more elegant, sophisticated, and hip. A lot of people were dressed up in crazy Halloween costumes. Jeff Beacher was hosting and he had three "Ooompa Loompas" up on stage and they even performed a Michael Jackson tribute!  The go-go dancers knew how to work it and the cocktail waitresses were hot and attractive. They were all dressed up like Madonna during her "Like a Virgin" phase in sexy bridal outfits. A guy dressed up like Optimus Prime from Transformers won the costume contest. His costume was so damn good that when I first saw him, I thought it was a real machine. It was insane. You *had* to be there.Of course, drinks are always pricey unless you have the dough to spend for bottle service. I only had one drink all night (I spent $18 plus tip for a really good Manhattan, but still). I found there was no alcohol needed to truly enjoy this place. I was "feeling" the vibe of the club as soon as I got there. This is the only place I would ever want to get table reservations and bottle service in the future. I was hit on by a few drunk guys who weren't my speed, but that's to be expected at any club. There were some cute ones there too. The only damper on the night was a rude bouncer who had me turn off my cell phone while I was taking a video, but other than that, if you just relax, enjoy, and have a good time, you'll be good to go.I'm definitely coming back to party here again!  Very sexy! :-D
5	XS is HANDS DOWN the best club I have ever gone to. I don't even know where to start. You walk in, big dance floor, there are so many bars that I can't even estimate the number. The drinks, IMO, weren't THAT outrageously priced. I ordered a vodka red bull for $12 and for vegas/clubs in general, that doesn't seem crazy to me. I was definitely expecting more. The music was pretty good, I agree with Connie, they should get a better DJ. Something awesome that I found out is that XS makes MORE MONEY per square footage than the casino!!!! HOW CRAZY IS THAT!?!??!! The outside area is so awesome and I think this is what sets XS apart from the rest. You can walk around the pool and there's this island thing in the middle of the pool with another bar and gambling tables!!!!! SO AWESOME! So not only can you 1. get your groove on, 2. dance on tables, 3. order moderately priced drinks, 4. cool off by going outside, BUT you can also 5. gamble some more....! The crowd that night was overwhelmingly asian.XS was definitely worth every penny. I don't usually say that a $20 cover (for girls, $30 for guys) is worth it, but in this case, it was 10000000% worth it. I will definitely be back at XS. Why would anyone go anywhere else in vegas??? :)
4	Unlike any other club. I'm not much a clubhead so 4 stars is really, really good! The thing that's different about this club is the size of the club. It holds 3000 capacity, lots of room, lots of cabana/tables, small little dance floor. This is good for me cause I can't dance for the life of me! Anyways, there's tons of places to just chill, and talk. The crowd is pretty diverse and way better looking than it was at Pure. The cost of the club for guys was $30 and the line moved by really quickly. We had some hook up from a promoter which was nice so the girls got in for free and we got into Blush for free! Drinks are pretty standard. The number of restrooms doesn't meet capacity of the club, so even guys had to wait in line. Luckily there are potted "plants" around. The bad thing about a club such huge is looking for your friends, every girl wears black, and all AzN girls look alike =P
5	XS is the mothership of all night clubs.  Once you do XS, you can no longer claim ignorance and enjoy your usual night club the same way again.I came here with a group of cousins for my sister's 21st birthday.  We stood in line for about a half hour or so, which wasn't bad at all since we were just hanging out and chatting.  Our cousin got us girls free passes, meanwhile our male cousins had to pay a cover of $50/each.  Whoa.  But, when we stepped into the main room of the club, we soon forgot about all that!!!Walking into that main room was like walking on to a movie set.  It felt unreal.  The main dance floor was huge.  Go-go dancers galore.  Lights flashing.  Quite a scene.  We hit up the first bar and took a birthday shot with the birthday girl.We then made our way to the outside...Holy crap...look at how huge this pool is!  We made the rounds and scoped the scene.  Lots of plastic, plastic and plastic!  How I like my Vegas night club!  Scantily clad women and guys in those button-up shirts with flower-y designs.  Classic!We found a spot by the pool to sit and chill for most of the night.  This was definitely an escape from my Bay Area life - groups of guys with bottle service and packs of girls in search of free drinks putting in their time.  The saying "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" rang oh-so-true.  Wonderful people-watching and a reminder of how grateful I am to have a home.  It was fun, especially because I got to spend time with my cousins and make some unforgettable memories to last a lifetime.
3	Beautifully decorated, impressive pool outside, and clean bathrooms. My friends and I weren't really vibing with the music though and the club was waaaaaaay too packed. They must've been over capacity because we were honestly packed in like sardines in a can.
5	I normally don't write reviews for clubs or lounges, but I just had to for XS. This is by far the best club in Vegas. We got there at about 11 pm on a Saturday night. We started walking towards the end of the line... and it took us a good 5-10 minutes to get there. My goodness, was this club really that great? Luckily the line moved quickly. We met a promoter the day before who had promised to let us skip the line but said that we still had to pay cover. We called him, and he pulled us to the front, skipping even the table service lines. When we got there, they didn't make us pay cover and let us right in. More money to spend on overpriced drinks! Woo hoo.I had an awesome lei with flashing lights on it, and the bouncer at the front told me that I would have to check it. I was so sad that I must've made a really disappointed face because he said "okay, I didn't hear anything, just go!" Woo hoo yet again. The club itself is gorgeous. The dance floor is half inside, half outside (similar to Tryst) which is nice because it doesn't get too stuffy. Outside there is a giant pool, and then past the pool is an island with another bar and casino tables. The bars are pretty packed and you may have to wait a bit to get your drinks. One of my girlfriends fell into the hot tub by accident and we got escorted out by security. Haha, apparently the second step is really steep compared to the first one? We dried off in the bathroom and went back in. After we got back in, we were on the dance floor and people at the tables started "making it rain." With the $60 or so that we scooped up, we went over to the roulette table and placed a bet on black and another bet on 22. And we hit 22! What an awesome end to an already great night.
5	For my first time in Las Vegas, XS Nightclub was the best experience EVER!This club was above and beyond what I could imagine a Night club to be.  I just loved it!  It was beyond my expectations, from the level of service, cleanliness of the bathrooms, waitresses & bartenders, and decor was just amazing!There's a whole mix of people in here.  Remember that if you can buy table service, you're guaranteed in.  This might help the guys out, but for hot looking groups of girls there's no problem.  The hotter you are, the faster your rushed to the front of the line.We danced all night and when our feet hurt, we took off our shoes and danced outside.  With a bit of a chill in the air, they had outdoor heaters which we conveniently teased and danced around.  One by one, the ladies left as the night went on..but not me!  I wanted to stay here forever!And when we couldn't bare to go inside because we wanted to dance all night outdoor next to the pool, a waitress came out and brought us shots and our orders of drinks!  That's what you call service!*Unfortunately I will not be able to post pics from that night up here.  They're too scandalous and graphic for any under age viewers*
2	despite being outdoors, this whole club managed to SMELL LIKE FARTS.beer is $10 (ok, vegas standard) and even the bartenders think it's funny that people pay that much for a bud light.everyone in here looks like they want to be a reality tv star so bad. expected a more attractive crowd for so much hype, but i mean. it is vegas. i prefer wasted space for vegas raging. places like xs are all the same. even blush at least played better music.
5	Woooow!  I'm not a big clubber, but this is definitely the best club I have ever stepped foot in!  It's seriously setting a new standard for all future Vegas clubs cuz this place is seriously something else.  Unlike any other club, they have a huge pool, tons of bar areas, lots of seating, and even a gambling area!  This is like a mini hotel in itself.  It's outdoors with lots of palm trees so it doesnt get hot or stuffy.  It's so big that you can actually find a quieter area within the club to have a real conversation - who woulda thunk?  It's super pricey for guys right now with admission ranging from $30-50.  Even girls have to pay for the most part!  Luckily we didn't cuz our friend knew someone.  The line may seem crazy long, but we stood in line exactly when the club opened and didn't have to wait much longer than 30 minutes because this club fits about 3000 people.  It's the most happening club in Vegas right now, definitely worth the looksee.
5	poppin club! hahaMinus the girl who looked like a dude with a femine problem going on in her underwears (spotty dottie) Huge venue, dj was mehh.. drinks are RIDICULOUSLY priced then again its vegas.. we got in for free on a sunday during halloween weekend so that was cool
5	I've been here twice and you have yet to disappoint me! The first time I went  was with a group of 19 girls for my cousins bachelorette party. There were 2 lines- bottle service or general admission. They bouncers which were women denied us when we went to the front and tried to get in. So we stood in this super long line at 10pm pissed that we had to stand in line. We saw group after group of girls being turned away at the front and grudgingly getting in line like we did. For such a long line, it sure moved fast. I think we were in line for 20 mins tops! The club is beautiful inside and outside. Stripper poles everywhere and outside there was tons of seating in all the VIP areas and cabanas and beds set up along the pool. My only complaint would be that the DJ sucks. Other than that, the staff is polite and courteous and the outside bar was where I discovered the bartenders tend to be more genorous with the alcohol.
5	Out of all the clubs in Vegas that I've been to, this is by far my favorite! It's beautiful, it's huge and it has a pool.I arrived there with a group of about 20+ people around 10ish and the sight of the line made me want to puke! It went all the way through their shopping area and to the back where their theater is. The bouncers kept saying it would move fast when the line opened up around 10:30 but half of the group wouldn't believe it. So they left half of us (which included myself) standing in line waiting patiently. The BF left after a while to get some water.I asked 2 of the girls who were with us if the bouncers were right and they confirmed that the line did move pretty fast. The other thing I liked about this place is that the line does move fast! I was frantically calling the BF telling him to get back into line and he got there just right before they started carding/stamping people. They start carding somewhere in the middle, so if you think you can cut after that, you're wrong! Everyone else in our group learned that lesson the hard way. They're really strict with that line though. You have bouncer constantly coming around scolding you to get in the line between the ropes & some lady who kept telling all the girls to put their shoes back on. However, they don't pluck and pick out groups of girls to cut or let in first like other clubs (Tryst). The line goes one way and there's a separate line for people with tables/bottle service.However, I hear that it's really hard to get into the club after a certain time like after midnight. Once the club gets packed, the amount of people they let in dwindles so if you don't want to be waiting outside, get a table or get there before 11.There's a lot plants in which the plant ledges serve as seating! That was definitely needed. After a certain time though, everyone was sitting at all the empty tables/lounge areas reserved for bottle service.Drinks are still pricey but hey, it is Vegas. Just don't go try swimming in the pool or else you'll find yourself getting kicked out :P.
5	What do you mean you never danced in a pool?
4	Came on a Saturday evening.  Got in line at 10:30pm or so with a group of 5 (3 guys, 2 girls) and got in within 15 minutes.  The line really does move fast!  So fast, in fact, one of our friends who had to run back to the room to drop something off (we were staying at the Encore) didn't make it back before we got in.We all got the stamp and then headed back to our room for some drinking.  I waited in line with the 6th friend so she could get her stamp, just before 11pm at that point.  We moved through the line really quickly again, probably 10 minutes, got stamped and headed back to our room. Re-entry line is awesome. I think guys paid $30, but the girls and I were lucky to get passes for free.Even with a long line, the girls bathroom moves quickly too. Lots of stalls and ladies there to lead you to the next open stall. They are very efficient at XS!The music was great and the dance floor was fantastic. Dancing essentially under the stars was a great experience.  I love the outdoor area, which is just brilliant.If you're going to XS, just know what you're getting into and plan ahead. Do your research and don't be an idiot and show up at 1am, thinking you might not have to wait awhile.  People aren't going to be leaving the club that early, this is Vegas! Just commit to going to XS and get your dance on!
5	Currently, this is the best club in Vegas.  This will probably change when the newest clubs will open like Vanity or venues in the City Center.  This place is HUGE.  They have plenty of bars, stripper poles, big pool, table games, hot tubs, cabanas.  The things mentioned make a great combination for a great time.  It does get crowded quick and pretty soon you will feel like your in a sardine can.  You will get your fair share of trouts, tranny mannys, douchers, and refund gaps.  Other than that this place is palatial.
5	Went here on Saturday night.  -  And this place lived up to all the hype I've been hearing about.  Place is beautiful...Best club I've ever been to hands down!  -  Wish I could say the same about the music they played, but I guess all Las Vegas DJs have to cater to "all crowds."$30 to get in.  Got in line at like 9:10pm after gambling for like 15-20 minutes since when we got to the front of the line at 8:45PM, there was no one even waiting in line yet. Waited till 10pm for the line to start and it only took like 3 mins to pay our $30 cover to get in and the line was probably a good 400-500 people deep by the time they opened, but there was only around 50 people in front of us.  Met some girls here from San Jose who were cousins with a high school homie and got to chill in their other cousin's bachelor party cabana and got free dranks the rest of the night which was pretty dope too. Their Cabanas and bed lounges were pretty damn nice.  Ladies like to dance barefoot in the ankle deep water next to the dance floor lounge area.  Seems like they don't care if you roll with all dudes, but I'm sure they might later on in the night, but the bouncers here seemed hella cool compared to like Tao and other Vegas clubs, and the ratio was still hella good.  They played some weird music here at the beginning of the night (play more of that hip-hop bump-n-grind music and less of that house and loungey music please! - you can play that other shit for them 30-35+ year old parties), especially on Sunday night where thy charge $20 and close off the lounge area around the pool and the gambling area, but we got comped free passes for swinging by around 9:30PM on Sunday night.  Average age demographics go up about 5-10 years on Sunday nights too compared to the Saturday night that we went.  Drinks are Vegas expensive as should be expected too.  Hot bartenders, hostesses, and go-go dancers galore.And at what other club can you gamble and play cards at while you're inside?!
1	EFF YOU XS FOR HIRING DOUCHEY ASS BOUNCERS!! ( at least one of em) i forgot his name so im just going to call him asshole, went here on a friday night, despite the long ass lines..a couple bouncers and promoters were inviting my girlfriends and i to the front of the line, once we were about to enter..this asshole of a bouncer looked at my i.d. and looked back at me and put my i.d. in his pocket and said sorry thats not you (keep in mind, im 21 the picture on my i.d. was when i was 16, overweight, black hair, and had a really dark tan from playing in the sun a lot) after arguing it was me and answering all the questions he askd me i offered to show him 3 other identifications with my name and picture on it...meanwhile while my friend went back to the car to get my wallet i stayed in front of XS, durring the time this asshole called out my last name and i looked over to see him holding up my i.d. showing the other bouncers and they just laughed as if it was really fake and not me, when my friend came back i showed him my credit card, present school i.d., and a washington state i.d., knowing that he got moded as hell proving his rude ass that i was right (even the other bouners were agreeing) i think he was the head of all the bouncers because he still refused..at this point,fuck the damn club i just wanted to my i.d. back cuz it was the only i.d. that i had that weekend. but still he didnt want to give it back, got in a big arguement with him, threatened him to call the police, he didnt think i would do it but i did, they contacted encores security, which called the manager of the encore hotel, who personally came down there to talk to this asshole, which by this point saw that i was serious and that i called the police he actually tried to hide but the other nice bouncers who were helping me out went out to find him, afterso he finally gave my i.d. back to the hotel manager and dissapeared once again, XS you have let me down by hiring this ASSHOLE, your other bouncers were very nice but he needs to be fired for his little power trip, getting off of being mr big shot letting people in the club is pretty pathetic, all i got to say is FUCK YOU!
4	I loved this place, beautiful and best of all GREAT dance music. We were there for Halloween. I love the beautiful bartenders! The DJ we had that night mixed in hip hop which is hard for me to transition to especially after dancing to great drum & base/electronica, that is the only thing I can complain about besides the expensive ass drinks. I spent $140 or was it $160 bucks on drinks that night =/Very classy though. I felt like a million bucks and met lots of really nice ppl.
5	The baddest club I have ever seen in my life.  Huge and off the hook.  Door staff was a little rude but hey Im a guy. The outside pool are is very cool and the stripper pole / lamps are a first for me.  LOVE IT
5	It's always good to know people in the party industry.  That came in handy for Halloween night at XS.  While walking to the entrance, I saw the line snake around the hotel, looking like 1/2 mile long.  Luckily we were able to get in VIP style. =)The inside is definitely gorgeous, excessive (like the name), and $$$. I favored the outside area as it was nice and cool. I tried getting my groove on at the dance floor but it was too crowded so we headed back to the outside area. We left close to 2 AM and there was a still a small line outside the door. I definitely want to come back on a regular night.
1	XS stands for Xs-ive asians.  We were supposed to talk with the main manager at the podium to get in but the stupid rent-a-jerks in their yellow (or purple coats) wouldn't even let us get to him ("move along, can't block the walkway").   We eventually had to yell as we were walking back and forth past the podium like freaking chickens with our heads cut off, we were able to get a host to help us, but the stupid line-patrol rushed us along.   What a poorly run bunch of security to put a damper on the night, they obviously do not want to cater to a higher clientele who were in search of a good time, just a clientele that can wait in line and have everyone in the party chip in $200 (which is a miracle in itself) and sit at their table and stare at their bottles.  We had our in to the club and after taking a second look at the crowd, we were over it and decided not to go (a few from our party did go in, never heard much as far a details).  But I'm not going to go through a damn horse and pony show just to have a good time. There's a professional and classy way to do things and the way the front of house was run, it was very stand-off-ish.  I'm not going back here until they get some diversity.  Maybe it was a bad weekend but others tell me its just basically an asian club of people from SoCal trying to be in the "hot spot" and "poppin bottles".
1	Dude this club is crackin. But this review is for that bitch with the clipboard!!!Dear lady, Just because you're holding the guestlist clipboard, doesn't mean you're hella tight or something. All I asked was a simple question and you were completely RUDE. It's not like you were even working or doing anything important. You were just standing there, holding your damn clipboard, being ugly. They could've gotten someone off of the street to do that job for free!:) Other than her, this place was fun. I like that the dance floor opens up into the pool area!! Lots of ventilation for the folks dancing which means less sweating and less stinky people. A club where you can put your feet in the pool? I likey. Honestly, I would give 4 stars. but I really wanted to write an awful review for hiring someone as rude as that beezy guest checker-inner girl.
5	Great energy, fantastic vibe, delicious drinks, and a good mix of people...XS nightclub is everything you could ask for!We went for the Halloween party and meant to get there early because we heard that the line can get pretty crazy after 9:30ish, but we stopped by Society Cafe for a snack so we were running a bit late!  When we got to XS a little after 10 PM, the line was insanely long, but we were all in good spirits and finally made our way to the end.  As a big group of girls, we attracted the attention of a promoter who gave us passes to get in for free.  And, to top it off, a few minutes later another member of the staff let us completely skip the line, saving us probably at least 45 minutes!  Once we got inside, the ambiance was breath-taking and the staff were dressed in some pretty incredible costumes. The music was awesome, the club go-go dancers were completely amazing and drew quite a crowd, and the drinks were delicious and average-priced.  And don't forget about the huge outdoor area around the pool lined with bottle service tables and floating beds!  There's even an outdoor casino for those who want to mix it up.All in all the place is gorgeous, as are the people, so don't miss out!
5	If you're early, just like being early for anything, you won't have any problems at the door. It sounds like a lot of the reviews about XS start with a problem at the door. Most of the aggravation is because of the impatient-under the influence guests waiting in line. This club is five-star for looks. It was also my first time in vegas and first vegas club so the bar was set high. The weekend I went was also the weekend of the Pacquiao fight and Wowwowee taping. There was an excessive amount of asians but overall a good mix of races. Drink prices were expected to be expensive so no surprise there. EXPECT TO PAY FOR A GOOD TIME OR COME WITH GOOD PEOPLE. It's vegas.
5	Went to this club 11/14/09.  My suggestion is to get there real early.  By 9:30 the general admission line was all the way to the Wynn Theatre.  I was told people waited 2 hours to get in.  We got in a bit early around 9:45.  By 10:15 the place was packed.  The music was good, the drinks were good (a bit pricey, but like any other club in Vegas), and the people were good.  No one was real snobby, everyone wanted to have a good time.  Only problem was the cold, but that is uncontrollable.
5	Simply put, the hottest club in Vegas right now and it will likely stay that way for some time (not a lot of new casinos going up in Vegas right now).  Halloween was off da hook here.  I usually hate clubs, but will make an exception for XS.  Most clubs make me claustophobic, but with XS's open layout and large use of the outdoor pool area, this wasn't a problem at all.Yes, drinks will take awhile to order and are pricey which is why you should pre-funk elsewhere before.Yes, the lines to get in are ridiculously long... but if you are crafty enough, you can find ways to skip to the front.
5	This is the best nightclub in Vegas. Now yes, the women here are just as stuck up as the women everywhere else. The men here are just as toolish as everywhere else as well. Yes, the drinks here run you about 12-18 just like everywhere else as well.However, even with all that being said, there is a pool you can wade in. There is an outdoor area with two outdoor bars, and gambling. Even the women have to pay to get in here, why? Becasue everyone wants to be here. The DJ's play an ecletic mix of today's hip-hop and 90's fare, but the dance floor is crowded, and I wouldn't recommend navigating it unless you're looking for people to dance with, or you have broad shoulders. If you get to hot on that dance floor the exspansive pool/outdoor lounge area is nice to relax at. But if you're with the right group you should have a great time.Monday is locals night and it's free if you have a NV id. However, seriously who can go out on a monday night?
3	After hearing and reading all about XS and since it's right now the new hotness, we just had to pay it a visit  on our most recent trip to Vegas.  But after finally going, all I gotta say is meh.  I really don't think it lives up to the hype.  1) This place is huuuugee, this place definitely is not as cramped like your typical Vegas club. Bonus points for having plenty of places of us non VIP folks to sit.  It's refreshing to actually have a club in Vegas that has seating without having to drop a grip load on bottles.   2) Drinks are your average Vegas prices, so no real complaints or issues there.3) Lines do move as fast as everyone says it does, so + points for them on that one too.4) Everyone pays, even girls.  To me that's a big wow, that's surprising for a Vegas club.So with all these pluses why 3 stars?  Plain and simple, the music.  I'm not really a big trance/house/techno guy, so I wasn't feelin' the music at all.  It felt like that's all they played all night, and that was enough to knock it down 2 stars.
5	Gamble in the club...Very large, open air, and not too hard to get in (on a Friday).$30 for guys, $20 for girls.Like all other clubs, drinks are on the very high side.I will be back in the future.
5	best club ever!  1. get there early or its gonna be one hell of a wait.   2. fork out the money and get bottle service and come as late as you want
5	GREATEST CLUB EVAR! No joke! =) OkOk, I have only been once but I swear... it was great. This place is big! I mean massive. The layout is really cool too. It feels like a giant circle that is both indoors and out. When you walk in, there is a bar to your left and a bar to your right. Straight ahead is some booths and a dance floor that opens up to a patio/courtyard type of area. How cool is that? That really solves the problem of a stuffy club right? There is real air to breath! (I wonder what its like when it rains?) Past the dance floor is a big courtyard with yet another bar, tables, I think a pool and even tables!! I was too scared to look at the minimums - sorry. Our bartender was cool. Someone wanted to be baller and order a round for all 18 of us and she handled that no problem! She could even make me a Hennessy Iced Tea! (LOL I don't drink Henn but for some reason that was my drunken default drink in Vegas) Drinks here were stronger and cheaper than most of the other big clubs! Last and most important - the music! HOUSE! HOLLER! I LOVED IT. I was actually with a bunch of people who really dislike house - yeah, I'm the black sheep of my social circle. Nobody seemed to even mind that it wasn't hip hop! The play a good balance where its not too heavy and still very danceable if you are used to going to clubs that spin hip hop. I love XS. favorite club evar!
5	My favorite club in Vegas!!  It is huge, massive, humongous!  More room to party, yay!  The outdoor area is beautiful!  Dip your feet in the water, go gamble at the tables, get drunk.  One time I went with a huge group (i think it was 13 of us), all girls, and they gave us a free table!  woohoo.  Another time that I came here there was a huuuuge line and me and my friend walked in with Paul Pierce...Score!!!  XS = fun fun fun
1	XS. they have a $20 cover charge from now till after New Years. Their bouncers need to relearn how to check id's. They wouldn't let me in with my own ID! RIDICULOUSSSSS
5	Long line, steep entry cover ($30-$50 depending on the night), but who cares. It's XS. It'll blow your fuckin mind. Arrive at 9pm sharp. Dont stumble into the pool like I did.
5	Friday nights are less crowded. Saturdays are really hard to get in unless you go wait in line hours before they open!With a group of just girls at any club, it'll be tons easier than with a load of guys. Obviously.I love the outside area with the cabanas, but the dance floor is pretty packed and stuffy.Go early if you're with guys and hang out outside. You'll have a blast!
4	PROS:The hottest spot in Vegas at the moment! Beautiful club with beautiful people. Goregous pool outside that you can stick your feet in. Plenty of tables for bottle service, good drinks.CONS:The lines are super long, so early arrival is suggested..We went during the pacman-cotto fight..worst idea ever, around midnight, all the celebrities started to roll in (Diddy, Mario Lopez, Jermaine Dupri, Mayweather) and what comes with celebreties??? The Ridiculously LARGE crowds...it was so crowded on the dance floor that we didn't even need to walk, the crowd was just shifting us from left to right.FINAL ANSWER: GO! just go early if its an "Event" weekend!
5	My favorite club in Vegas as of today.  This has something for almost everyone.  Great outdoor indoor setup lets you dance the night away while staying cool and dry.  Beautiful spacious outdoor area with sofas and beds lets all the pretty ladies with sore feet relax and take a load off.  Large outdoor pool with casino tables in the center off a peninsula, so for those who are just addicted to gambling you can play in the club and make some money to pay for those drinks.  All you men out there, buy them ladies a round, it's hard work to look as gorgeous as they do.The restroom stalls here is encased from floor to near ceiling, so all you coke heads and sexual deviants out there, you can do whatever you like.  And the strip poles sprinkled throughout this place provides for some entertainment for the strip clubs frequenters (ode to you Dhaval, take care of you stud) out there.So put on your favorite clothes, come out here and have some fun.
2	Okay, you're all probably wondering....but wait, isn't XS the HOTTEST of clubs to be and be seen right now?!?!  I guess.  Yeah, with the line wrapping out and about the walkway, waiting in line EVEN IF YOU HAVE BOTTLE SERVICE, waiting in line and finding out THEY SOLD YOUR TABLE TO SOMEONE ELSE, walking in and the crowd is PUSHING so hard that you are moving by the sea of people PUSHING, security doing NOTHING but watching people hop over potted plants and walkways just to get across, 20-somethings trying to SQUEEZE through the sea of people spilling their drinks all over you as they fight the crowds....I mean, if you're into that...then yeah, it's the HOTTEST club out there.  C'mon Steve Wynn.  Tryst and Blush is AMAZING and then you got XS?!?  BEWARE, this place is the type of place you see in the news because there was a fire and people died due to herds of people trampling on them and the club staff/security does not have control of the club.  This is the type of place where you wait 3 rows deep of people to get a drink.  This is the type of place that charges guys $50.00 (though I can't hate too much, i didn't pay to get in) to walk through the door.  This is the type of place where you have to tip the VIP hosts $300 because he hooked us up with deal on bottle service and not waiting in line...just to wait in line for a bit and finding out our table was sold from under us.  Yes, thank you host for selling our table.  We weren't forced to stay here, which was a blessing.  And we stayed a total of 20 minutes (after all the guys paid $50.00/each) just to flow through the mosh-pit crowd of people to push us throughout the club.  Again, c'mon Steve Wynn....is this how you run a club these days?XS is a fire hazzard waiting to go bad.....No thanks......
5	Is it me, or do all the gorgeous people somehow end up in XS? Write this down - get glammed up, or else you'll feel out of place.I take back my previous 3-star review. Next to TAO, this is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. The decor is absolutely breathtaking and I love the spaciousness of both the dance floor and the outdoor pool. Did you know you can dance in the pool?? So awesome.Unlike a lot of other party spots in LV, security inside isn't too strict about groups of drunkies raiding empty tables and beds. There's so many VIP areas available, you won't have someone breathing down your neck if you want to steal one to rest your feet for a few minutes. However, I can't say the same thing about the bouncers in front managing the line.They've gotten a bit more organized about their lines now (THANK GOODNESS), but the guys that work them are still pricks that want ridiculous tips for a favor. With that being said, I've learned a trick that I think everyone should take into consideration:- Get in line by 9:30 (make sure you scout for passes beforehand if you're a lady)- Get stamped by 10.- Go back up to your room for drinks.- Come back down at midnight and pass up the fat line that wraps around to the Wynn Theater.Why does this work? - You'll only need to wait about 20-30 minutes rather than over an hour, you'll get a good buzz without having to drop bills at the bar, you'll get to feel like VIP walking past everyone else standing in line when you return, and the music doesn't really get goin' until after 12am anyway.I'm a genius. Thank me later. ;)
5	Okkkay, gotta say I absolutely love this spot! I partied like no other lol. Drinks were good, don't know about the price, when your a female you really don't worry about that =) crowd is chill, every body dressed to impress as it should be! The line is long, yepp, even if you have bottle service! But once you make a friend in security, things go pretty smoothly hehehe....the atmosphere is chill, I guess you can say "glamorous" my girlies and I had a really good time and will most def be coming back!
5	Back for a second round of insane intoxication for my birthday and once again... did not fail to deliver. Unlike my first visit, we got in line late and were set miles back in line! But, if you have friends and bring your own booze... YOU'RE GOOD TO GO! The bouncers and security do not even care that you are partying in line! SO GO AHEAD AND DRINK UP! The line goes fast when you are getting pre-smash faced.
5	Hands down, best club in Vegas! It was a Saturday night and I wanted to check out our ex-favorite TAO-- but as usual it was so crowded we couldn't breath! We decided to head on over to XS.. smart move! There's no way around the $20 cover BUT if you're hot enough you will probably be able to skip the MASSIVE line and get to the front!Our friend had bottle service so we got to party it up in the cabanas! The venue is GORGEOUS and huge! I got to see Diddy, Mario Lopez and Jermaine Dupri! :) Drink up! Any night at XS is definitely going to be epic!
5	When Steve Wynn gives Victor Drai a 9-figure budget to build a nightclub, expect more than just a Tao archrival.Expect seamless DJ'ing with a finger on the pulse of the crowd that gives Light Group's honed coterie of mixing talent a run for their money.Expect a dance floor that opens onto a pool.Expect impeccable service from pros like Adam Farer.Expect to wait in lines for *reserved tables* for 45 minutes -- that's how huge and popular XS is.
4	I'm not a fan of nightclubs. Really, I prefer to drink at home or party at some low key bar with some friends. But when in Vegas, you have to do Vegas right. At first, I wasn't ready to go to XS. I was in a bad mood, my feet hurt from wearing heels not meant for walking in, and I didn't want to be in a crowd full of drunk, rich, pretty people. My boyfriend ended up convincing me just to check it out, and I agreed, since I was already dressed for the evening. I was shocked at the price tag for just entering the club. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, since they do serve a $10,000 cocktail. But really...even while we got a discount for staying at the Wynn, the price we paid to get in would have set me back in groceries for two weeks. Yeah, I'm cheap, I will freely admit it. But then again, I shouldn't go trying to haggle my way into what is considered one of the best clubs in Vegas. The interior is amazing, it really is. A huge space, and even an outdoor bar with a pool. The night we went the pool was closed (it was just too cold), so i don't know what happens when it's open, but I'm sure it's fun. There are women in skimpy outfits dancing on tables and stages, and one lonely lady dancing all by her lonesome in the outdoor bar. The tables were all packed and all table service, which made me sad, because I wanted to sit down. The music, in my opinion, was good, very upbeat Top 40 stuff, which sadly, I'm addicted to. So I knew i was going to get my groove on at some point in the night but not really remember what I danced to. It's just that kind of place. The lines at the bar move fairly quickly. However, make sure you have your cash and credit cards handy, because a mixed drink will cost you $12. Yes, it's pricey...but that's how things are done in Vegas I guess. Again, this is coming from a girl who RARELY goes clubbing. And no, I just don't believe some vodka and cranberry juice costs $12, unless it will help me to fly...or something. The drinks didn't help me to fly, but I did get pretty tipsy and start dancing at any random moment I could find. This is a good time to just start people watching. You'll get everything from the random douchebags trying to pick up women, to the girls who absolutely fall for them. We didn't see anyone famous, but we did see....an Asian family (including grandma, father, and possibly son)???? Wtf? We heard this club was exclusive, but then we see this little old lady wandering around with her family doing nothing but obviously just seeing whatever they read in their guide books. It was confusing and awkward, and I don't want to judge them on having a good time, but when you expect to see beautiful people dressed to the nines to get in, anything else just seems confusing and makes you feel like you could have dressed in anything as long as you had the money to pay to get in. We did have fun, and when you see money getting dropped from the ceiling, it just makes you get that much more excited. Yes, you read that right. Money. From. The. Ceiling. YAY!!! Who wouldn't dance to that? The bathrooms are also nice, and that's all I have to say about that. In the end, my bad mood was lifted, and I realized that if any of the clubs in Chicago were as nice as this, I would first of all be broke most of the time, and second, I would be drunk every weekend, while walking home carrying my heels, like I did that night. I want to be more descriptive of everything, but I think...it's one of things you have to see and experience, if only once. I just wish I could have danced in the pool.
4	Fun stuff... and I don't typically go to clubs. Fun crowd, decent music.Minus one star because I wasn't digging the trance.
3	We came here in December -- Vegas is freaking COLD apparently.This club was really popular with Asians, cougars, and douche bags.  Oh wait, it's Vegas.  I guess the crowd wasn't particularly special.  There are stripper poles available to girls that couldn't otherwise make money pretending to be a hooker, it's certainly entertaining.  I saw a girl fall off the pole, that made my night.The drinks are really expensive and really non-alcoholic.  Do yourself a favor and pre-drink or stick to beer.  I'm pretty sure I got a redbull and soda and the bartender just glanced at the bottle of vodka.The decor is gorgeous inside and the sound system is fantastic.  No seriously, the audio was amazing.  The music and mixing was ok (Top 40) but I think the DJ was on crack.  he would play a good song and when people were getting into it after 5-10 seconds he would switch songs again.  It was pretty annoying and everyone seemed to agree that a lot of what was being played was hard to dance too -- also granted we were there for 4-5 hours, why the hell were they repeating so many songs?  Really?  You couldn't think of playing a playlist that didn't repeat songs?Aside from the expensive drinks, cover for guys that night was $30 but rumored to be $50.  We waited in line before the club opened and pre-drank.  Apparently girls that stay at the hotel can get in free -- our friend nabbed a bunch of extra ones for us so the ladies didn't have to pay.The place is really super crowded (fire hazard!).  You don't really need to know how to dance, just stand there and other people will be wiggling around enough for you that you'll look like you're getting jiggy with it.  Ladies, watch your toes.  They WILL be stomped on.  There's a lot of pushing as people try to make their way through.  So if you wanna dance this place also might not be ideal.I'm glad I went, I wouldn't need to go again really, I definitely wouldn't pay to go.  We ended up meeting some pretty cool people overall, a bit disappointed.Oh, the men's bathroom has starburst apparently but the women's doesn't!  Ah well.
5	It's my 100th review, and I saved it for XS!We heard that there wasn't a guestlist for this new club, as everyone and their mommas were trying to get in. We decided to get in line at 9:30pm, and there was already a line formed along the wall. Thankfully, some people from our group came earlier in the day and scored the ladies free tickets. Woot!The guys opted to get a table and do bottle service in order to get in. The table they reserved was right along the pool, with 2 lounge beds in the water, and a shallow area where we could dance! My feet were thankful for this, as I had been wearing 4-inch heels for the past 3 nights. I think I was the first one in the water, I was so excited! The first week of November offered the perfect weather. It was sunny in the day time, and just right at night. Half of the nightclub is outdoors and it wouldn't have been as enjoyable once it started getting cold. Really though, this club was gorgeous. There were booths, cabanas, and even rooms that opened out to the club that you could reserve. They really catered to parties of all sizes. There was even a casino area in the middle of the pool. Some drunk-tard decided against walking around the pool to get there... he jumped in and swam across the pool instead!Drinks were yummy. I renewed my love for vodka here.. especially Belvedere vodka. After 3 shots and 2 vodka cranberries, I was on a mission... to get my dance on! Too bad the music was off. It went from Trance, to Reggaeton, to... who the hell knows? Can you play some hip-hop please? If anything is a buzz kill, it's bad music. None-the-less I had an amazing time at XS. It was all a blurr by the end of the night... and I can't wait to do it all over again!
3	It all honesty, the club is great. XS is the epitamy of the term 'mega club.' My friend couldn't have put it in better words, "You could lose your friend at the front door... and never run back into them the whole night.' XS nightclub is that large. The structure is beautiful, with plush carpeting in the indoor section of the club, and a very grecian style cabana/ pool/ outdoor section. This all comes with it's price. I honestly believe it is just too pricey to be justified. They have no specials for locals (which most night clubs do), unless you have a inside friend to help you out. Its $50 for cover, and $20 if  you want to haggle a host to get you to the front of the line (cause you will be waiting for awhile if you get there by 11 ish). If you are on a guestlist, make sure to get there by 10p.m. They are super strict on this and will send you to the regular '3hr wait' line if you dont get there on time.
5	Vegas clubbing at its finest.  No other club comes close (... yet.  Given the transient nature of the clubs and bars in Vegas, tomorrow's a scary unknown).I couldn't care less for the music - it was a rather odd blend of hip hoppy trance (if such a thing exists) - but the outdoor area was absolute GOLD.  So in lieu of dancing as the music is just not satisfactory for the most part: 1) Get in early to secure a bed by the water and you'll be set for the night with a place to hang out and chill, even without a table service.  2) Go to the middle island to watch the semi-drunk suckers blow their life savings away on the $25 blackjack tables with impossible odds (the dealers put the cards back in the deck after each round - I suppose beer goggles don't only cloud your judgment on the attractiveness of human beings of the opposite sex but also your awareness of certain rules of logic)3) Peoplewatch, peoplewatch, peoplewatch. There couldn't have been a better place to scope out attractive people and (a more entertaining sight) ugly people who think they are attractive.
5	biggest, baddest night club in town.  lotsa space, lotsa people, lotsa good times.  the name of the place explains it all.  the place is half indoor half outdoor.  there are cabanas and some casino games outside.  the floor people and dealers are great.  they hate me, but it's i love them they hate me type relationship.  same thing with a particular bartender named susan.  she bounces around from inside to outside so look around for a vietnamese girl thats smiling from ear to ear.  be sure to tip well, they all deserve it!
2	This is just exactly the kind of club that makes people stop clubbing. I got in for free and I think my boyfriend's cover was 50.00 or something? We had to wait in an obscene line. There was a girl with a clipboard and a somewhat authoritative air near the beginning of the line. I saw a guy slip her a 100.00 and she let him right in. So avoid the line with a Benjamin, if you hate lines as much as I do. If we'd known that, we'd have saved ourselves 30 minutes. It's pretty cheesy. If you just like to dance, fine. But you can do that lots of places. XS doesn't offer good enough ambiance to warrant the hype and the wait. And the cover. There are girls walking around with shots to sell. Does that paint the picture? It's like a frat party, only for slightly older people who now have more cash than sense. There's definitely a fashion scene here...the people watching wasn't bad. Some Jersey Shore types for sure. The music was good. On either side of the dance floor, there's a girl dancing on a box, with a tired I've-been-doing-this-all-night expression. (Even though they rotate the dancers like every 15 minutes.) I don't know...that part seemed just on the edge of cheesy.Also, every table and every lounge was marked "reserved" which would be believable if there were actually people sitting there. But I can have a good time doing almost anything with my awesome bf, so all in all, an okay night.
4	This is currently one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas next to Pure. The layout is similar to Tryst at the Wynn, but the ambiance is a bit different. Instead of the dark reds that proliferate the walls of Tryst, XS has softer, light gold and cool blue tones. Instead of a giant waterfall as the main centerpiece, there is a big pool on the outside patio. I also love that there are couches and beds available outside that are not restricted to those who ordered VIP bottle service. My main gripe about this club is the fact that local ladies have to pay a cover charge, contrary to how most clubs treat local women in Vegas. I didn't have to pay because we knew a VIP host, but if I had to - I wouldn't go to this club simply out of principle. The music could've been better also. I went there on a Saturday night, and the majority of the songs were oldie hip hop from the 90's.
1	I echo the 'Jersey Shore' sentiment - yes, the venue itself was beautiful, but for all the hype, it was almost empty (granted, it was not even 11 yet, but still), and I was not impressed by the clientelle.We'll start off with the 'VIP' line.  There's 16 of us, 2 of which went to the front to make sure we were in the right area for bottle service.  When they got back, we open up the rope to let them in where we were (in line), and some power-trip hungry bouncer comes up and ROARs at them to go to the end - HELLO, we are the last group/ppl in line -- "Doesn't matter", he orders them to get out and go to the back of line.  Meanwhile, the same bouncer is allowing other people to cut in and join the group that is in front of us.  Does that make sense?!  I was livid.So we get in, and we're expecting a nice table to accomodate all of us, since we're putting down **a MINIMUM of $3000**.  Do you know that these people tried to put us in 2 SEPARATE tables, OUTSIDE?!  There were several tables inside that were empty, with the infamous 'reserved' sign on them.  We reserved our table atleast 2 weeks prior, so there was no way we were sitting outside.We were right about to bail when they backtracked and told us a table had just become available inside (I'm still seeing empty reserved tables everywhere, btw).  AGAIN, 16 of us, and they are going to sit us in a booth that MAYBE sits 6 -- we cut out at that point, as our patience had run out.Rude staff, horrible business practices, and a weak crowd:  SO glad we spent our money elsewhere
4	Managed to have fun both times! That's sort of rare.  Club is beautiful.  Came here in the summer and once in November.  It was chilly in November, but they manage to turn on the heat lamps outside by the pool and the hot tub.  One bad thing is that it's pricey, so be prepared to pay! Service also depends on how well you tip.
4	They have anti-splash pads on their peeing bowls.....Thank you steve wynn.
5	Still the creme de la creme in my opinion. Once you've been to XS, everything else is hard to top.Nowadays there's also alternatives to the whopping $35 admission fee. If you do guestlist, admission is free ;)
5	perhaps they have new DJs but they play good music now!  i came back to XS twice this past weekend (yes, i love XS that much!)  haha but this time it wasn't as crazy packed as Labor Day weekend so it was a lot more fun.  they've closed off the pool since its the winter but it's still awesome to chill around that area.  and obviously drinks are crazy expensive here, 2 shots will run you around $30+.there's a free guestlist now and they aren't a-holes about having guys in your group.  yay!
5	I've visited and enjoyed Pure, Light, Tao, Rain, Ghost Bar, Body English, Moon, Playboy, Rum Jungle and several others.....and this place was outstanding!!  There's an indoor part of the club with a dance floor and booths (from what i remember, as we didn't hang out inside) as well as a MASSIVE outdoor area wrapped around an amazing pool with a bar in the middle of it.  We had bottle service with a bed type thing to sit on and some chairs in very shallow water so you can sit and have your feet in the pool.  The music/DJ was great and sounded great (good sound system, volume etc).  They were giving girls free bottles of champagne to jump in the pool, so people were actually swimming around and having fun in the pool.  It was great people watching, upscale, sexy, and design of the place was just so darned amazing.  It was outside but didn't feel exactly outside because it was very built up and designed in the outside area.  While we didn't hang out inside, I'd imagine that if we'd wanted to get crazy and dance to crazier music in there it would have been fun.....and then the outside space would have been a nice break from that scene.  XS wasn't as crowded with aggressive and cheesy people as Pure and Tao and the like can be, though perhaps it has it's cheesy nights.....   The only negative is that the drinks were very pricey....then again, that keeps it from being bridge & tunnel to some degree.  Highly recommended!
5	BEST NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS! We had a great server and a great spot at the pool. Nothing can top this place at the moment and I can't wait to go back.
5	I'm not really the clubbing type of girl but I'd have to say that out of all the ones that I've been to, XS was definitely the best. The first club I went to in Vegas was Tao, and I was already very impressed and thought it was gonna be hard to top that. But this time, after being to XS, I was honestly thoroughly impressed and awed.The venue is very big and gives you a very grand feeling. The crowd is also pretty good, although it may be pretty crowded and hard to find a place to dance in. But what I love the most is the outside pool area. It's absolutely gorgeous. Last time I went, my friends and I (total of 6 ppl) even got to sit down at a table area outside without getting table service. It was pretty awesome. The drinks are also mixed pretty well and the entire experience was awesome.I'd definitely say that this is without a doubt one of the best clubs out there, and it'd be hard for me to be impressed by any other club from now on. Next time I come back to Vegas, I would come back here without a doubt!
5	Never thought I'd see the day with a 5-star review of a dance club.  How old am I now??  I was, apparently, as young as I enjoyed being, for as long as I partied up at XS.The funky rule with all Vegas clubs is basically that men have to get a table.  Without the bottle service, not only our fellow male homo sapiens cannot attract female mates, they are simply denied the chance to even enter the arena.  Which makes me happy from time to time to be a girl.Our huge co-ed group came up with a strategy: Men get table, women get free admission fliers and enter the club separately.  Men drink their overpriced alcohol and have a booth to actually "sit down" with their friends, and women buy from the bar and sit with the men to avoid harassment from random douchebags.  So free admission+3 drinks for $40 from the bar (which is really not so bad)+crazy dance floor with good music+being around friends+a place to sit when my heels started to hate my feet+a brief encounter with the pole on the platform above our booth....  How could this not be fun, 5-star fun?Although I still think the men were being short changed quite a bit....  ($200/person to be drinking and sitting in a dance club makes no fiscal sense to me), I'm grateful for the men in our group as I had a wonderfully wonderful night.
3	I came here on a Saturday night around 11 PM. First if you dont get there before 10, be prepared to wait in line. Second, locals get to skip the line. When I finally got in, it was very very large room with a pool. It was also very crowded. I danced on a platform the whole night to avoid desperate pervs and had an overall enjoyable time. If you are there to meet guys or get a lot of attention, this is the place for you.If you just want to dance and have fun, I'd suggest drinking prior (to avoid high bar tabs) and a smaller venue.
5	out of the three clubs i've been to, (Tryst, Tao and XS) XS is my absolute favorite! if you love house or trance music, this spot will satisfy your house music needs. the bouncer let us cut the 1st massive long "general admission" line that was waiting at the back because we got denied on guestlist. (stupid promoter lied to us, and told us she added us to the guestlist but she didn't) god bless his soul! on top of that, the line moved quickly and we got in the club, in no time. the crowd was so much better compared to Tryst (see review)! way more attractive girls and guys to spread Vegas fun!! the pool outside is awesome. but do note, if you fall in, or get your whole body wet, YOU WILL GET KICKED OUT. gotta stay classy in this club. i witnessed some girl, willingly getting into the pool to dance in her own world, unfortunately, she was greeted by 2 bouncers and kicked her out. tragic really. DEFINITELY COMING BACK HERE!!!
5	My first night at XS was my first night in a club and one of my first nights in vegas post my 21st birthday. I was really worried but XS was perfect. The cover was 30 guys, 20 girls, reasonable and there wasn't any required ratio. The line was long, but moved fast. The dance floor was huge, the music was fun. There is an outside pool decor with tables to sit at if you want to talk. You don't need to look or act like you know anyone, just go and have a good time.
4	i've only been to xs and lavo so i'm not too experienced with the nightclubs in vegas. but xs was 10x better.pros:-it's huge-a lot of chill areas-open area so there's a breeze and constant fresh air :) (major plus!)-interior design is amazingly nice, you feel classy just being in there.-bartenders were hot ;) and very nice-BATHROOMS are amazing! has everything a girl needs, it's all laid out next to each sink with people in there who hand you paper towels to dry your hands. love the bathrooms-loved the MUSIC! even songs i've never heard of were really catchy. there was never a moment when a song came on and people started to slow down.. you know those songs. and the way they mix it makes the songs i love even better!just so you know.-girls come around with sample shots, not free though like in regular clubs.-when we went we got in for FREEEEE, but i think it woulda been girls: $20 and guys: $30-their pool area is closed when i went which was about 2 weeks ago. i hope they have it open the next time i go :)-prices: AMF: $16 and a shot of patron was $12 with a gingerale chaser. a bit high up there but it's vegas and XS so what do you expect? :)if you're in vegas, this place is a MUST GOOOOOOOOOOOO!
2	The music was great! And that was pretty much it... There was about 10 guys to every 1 girl, my friends nor I could walk more than 2 steps before being approached/grabbed or grinded on by a guy in every direction of this club. Nothing like a club full of drunk, sweaty guys who can't take NO for an answer. We left after about 15 minutes that was about our threshold, I never wanted to see a weenie roast more in my life... what a fire hazard this place is, the only reason it took us 15 minutes was there was no room to walk we literally had to crawl out of this club to exit.No wonder there are no girls... I don't think I'll ever come back here.
4	Considering I've never gone clubbing before, XS being my first was not too shabby.  Considering it was a Sunday night, it was still pretty crowded.  They ended up having to open the doors to the pool to just let the air circulate.  We went from around midnight to 3am.  Around 2:30 the crowds were dying which was great cause then there was room to dance!Cover charge:We just completed the Las Vegas Rock 'N Roll Half Marathon (yes...I'm a finisher) and in our bags we got free passes for the club.  There were 3 runners in our group, but our party was a total of 9.  I think normally it's around $30 a person.  Our luck, those people on the street trying to give you club passes are actually legit.  We got 6 more passes for $15, so all of us got in for $15.Interior:When you enter through the revolving door, you have the coat check to the left and then a set of stairs which then lead you to the club.  The center of the club is the dance floor.  Pretty big if you ask me.  Around the floor are lounge seating areas.  When we got there, we couldn't find a place to sit since all of the areas were reserved.  *mental note* Reserver seats next time.  All around are Poles where girls and boys can go and dance around them.  There is a designated Pole area which you can go and be the stripper you always wanted to be.  The bars are located on the left and right of the dance floors.  Drinks are around $14 each so if you're going to plan on getting drinks at the club, make sure you bring your card or lots and lots of cash.  The dance floor was really crowded. I had to stop a few times just to get some oxygen and catch my breath.  Good thing they did open the doors.Music:It's like they raided my music collection.  The only thing they didn't play was Miley Cyrus and Iyaz, but heck all the other songs were awesome.  They played Black Eyed Peas, Lady Gaga, Jay Sean, David Guetta, etc.  So if you're into that type of music (pretty much top 40 dance), then you hit the right club.Bathrooms:The bathrooms are located on the right side (as you're entering the club).  Now these bathrooms...they were gorgeous and best thing was that after you wash your hands, someone hands you a towel.  They also have lotion available.Ratio of girl to guy, I couldn't tell cause in our party we had 3 girls and 6 guys so that's already two guys to a girl.  I had to pay for 3 drinks (one for myself and two for my other two guy pals).  Then got two more due to winning a bet.  No one apparently hit on me which was something I was looking forward to, but my guy friends were saying how some guys were looking at me, but of course, I had like 2-3 guys already dancing with me so....yeah.  Overall an awesome clubbing experience.  I will definitely go next year after my half marathon again.
5	Dear XS, Only for you will I gladly leave the Bellagio buffet in order to be in line by 9pm. Thank you for letting me and my friends be a complete shitshow - we had an awesome time! Until we meet again...Love, Jewels
4	Music- AVenue- A+Bathrooms- A+Men- a solid BDrunk Girls- A, for giving me MANY entertaining momentsPrices- FThe name is a fair representation of this venue.  Having not paid for a drink I can't complain about the prices however, $60 for 4 jager bombs seems a little steep and $16 for an adios would normally have me saying the same.  Yes many of the males are aggressive as with almost anywhere in Vegas, but as long as you weed out and push away the creepers you can have a great time and meet some nice people who just want to get wasted and dance.  We ended up staying here until 4:40am and had no idea so much time had passed.  One major bonus in my eyes is that they have seating that isn't reserved for just bottle service patrons, because like hell I'm going to pay (or have someone pay) for a $300 bottle of Grey goose.
4	As of right now, this has to be the hottest club in Vegas. I came here new year's night and was very impressed with the service I received. First the door guys aren't major asses like at other clubs in Vegas (I'm talking to those at The Bank in the Bellagio and Pure). I came with the bro and no girls, so normally two single guys would be out of luck to come into such a hot club in Vegas without bottle service. Not here, where we greased the right door guy into letting us in for a nominal fee of $80 each. Again, not cheap, but way cheaper and easier than waiting in line or getting bottle service. But the great service of the door guy didn't help with the girl-guy ratio, which every vegas club should try to keep to 50-50. From what I could see, it was more 65-35 guy/girl ratio. This really sucked for me. As a single guy who isn't rude or aggressive in approaching women at clubs, it was damn near impossible to go up to a girl here without coming off like an ass or disrespecting the union of an attached woman. The dancefloor is big, but that didn't stop it from being sardine packed. The outside, while large in it's own right and great for more dancing, was cold. So this works well for summer, but not winter.There was a great mix of hip hop, rap, techno, and pop, but the dj seriously needed to stop saying "2010" every 10 mins or so. I liked the rotating set of go go dancers, and the placement of poles near the tables, giving girls the opportunity to show their stuff for the whole club to see. One girl did some crazy gymnastic like moves at one of the poles, catching the attention of all those surrounding her. I wouldn't hesitate in coming here again, but I would definitely do so with bottle service and a larger crew on hand.
5	(1) You played House with Hip Hop. You already win in my book.(2) The fact that you have ample seating for the people that didn't spend a thousand plus dollars on table service is awesome.(3) You have a flipping pool too?! EVEN BETTER.(4) You mean...I can go outside and breathe? Have fresh air? Not be stuck in a stuffy club. WHOAAA.Steve Wynn, you are a genius.
4	To be honest, everyone overhyped this club for me!!!! I was so excited to go after half a year of not visiting Vegas.  I mean I was impressed and loved it still but I had imagine something more GRANDIOSE!It has to be one of the nicest clubs on the strip though.  Since some of us were girls, we had free admission passes to XS that night.  Luckily i still have some leftovers for my next trip!  It is located inside Encore by the pool.  The pool is also open during the day though.. but turns into part of the nightclub by NIGHT!  We arrived in line by 10pm.  The line was pretty long already even with guestlist.  THe entrance is beautiful with the gold decor.  Thankfully, our group got bottle service which was located in the cabanas.  I liked the cabanas for the privacy you get!  Cabanas unfortunately are located all the way in the back on 2 levels.  It is too far from the dance floor!!  They make you drink your butt off then make you run all the way to the dance floor!  This screams out drunken falls which I believe I had an incident!!  We definitely had a discount on our bottle service but I don't think it was worth it at all.  We only had a bottle of Jack, Southern comfort, and Absolut Vodka.  Chasers included orange juice, redbull, and cranberry.  Shot glasses and cups were provided.  It was nice to be right next to the bathroom though!Music was great.. The open air was great!  The pool was great especially to take off your heels and just put your feet in there!  Be careful though!  ( I wonder if they have lifeguards around to think of it... )  Great lighting!  I wouldn't mind coming back here!
5	++ We simply waltzed in at 1am, no waits/lines to be seen.1) Gorgeous venue2) Really lively but not packed shoulder to shoulder (like Tryst usually is)3) Great Hiphop + House mix4) Plenty of tables, stripper poles, dance space, outdoor space5) Good looking, classy crowd w/average guy:girl ratioNo hookups? Then fork over your cover:M $30, F $20
3	Saying this is a Vegas club where all the douchebags go is like describing the Nile as the river that's wet.   All Vegas clubs are douchtacular.  With that said, XS looks just like the club from Scarface where they shot Tony Montana but he didn't die, just an arm sling.  For that alone I give it high marks.  I'll knock off a few stars for the three bottle minimum for bottle service.  This place is the IT place right now, and guaranteed in a year or two there will be something else that will be become the newer IT place.  So if it's your cup of tea, do it.  Being in the top club in Vegas is worth something I suppose.   Don't mind the douchebags too much, it seems like nightlife is a douchebag sport these days.
5	We went here on a Monday night and still, it had an amazing party scene. HOLLA! The line was minimal. Cover was $30 for men, $20 for women. And yes, they've got a coat check ($5, I think), so you ladies don't have to decide between the "Should I be freezing and sexy or warm and boring"... but if you are one of the fortunate who have found a happy combination of the two, do let me know.Anyhow, the club is absolutely gorgeous. There's plenty of tables inside if you want to reserve bottle service.  There's also a good number of tables outside to just sit with your drink and enjoy the scenery. ;) They've got enough stripper poles littering the club for everyone to get their moment in the spotlight. The bartenders are hot, and the drinks are generously poured. This destination is a Vegas trip must!!
4	I went here during the summer. Line was terribly long for everybody: Guest list, Table res and GA. Bouncers were unfriendly. Cover was $30 for guys. It was probably so packed because it was such a pleasant night. (I believe it was in the high 80's that night which is much cooler than usual.) The dance floor is centrally located in the front of the club and is small to medium in size. The one thing that annoyed me about the dance floor was that people were using it just to get to another area of the club instead of walking around it. The music selection was a nice mix of hip hop and house. The lines to get drinks were horendous. Probably fifteen minute wait. I was very happy that I had drinks before going in. Outdoor area was very spacious and pleasant.
5	I'm going to Vegas tomorrow and when my friends asked where we should meet up.. I said XS! This place is THE spot to go to right now in Vegas.  I've gone to this club twice.  The first time was a normal weekend and when we showed up with a bunch of girls we got pulled out- normal Vegas stuff but still had to pay 20 bucks.  I've seen people start waiting for this place at 8:30pm when doors open at 10pm.  The second time I went was Labor Day weekend and the line was flowing- well because this place has a 6k person capacity too!  It helps that they have this huge outside area where the pool is.  I don't know if that's gonna be closed off for the winter.. but yeah just like any Vegas club they are trying to make money.  For Labor day weekend girls were 30 and guys were 100! People were still willing to pay that. This place is dope because its huge, play a variety of music, decent dance floor, outside pool area so its pretty, and has a GAMBLING area.  The boyfriend won almost a thousand dollars at the craps table.  The Black Jack tables start pretty high at 25 and 50 tho. Anyways go here! You won't be disappointed.  Go to it while its hot.. cuz with Vegas it can always change..
4	Las Vegas during New Year's weekend was great. And yes, I am only now getting to the reviews as I am still recovering from 4 days of fun.We planned to go to XS on the day of New Year, so we were concerned about the line, especially given its reputation. We also rolled about 50+ people deep because everyone just happen to decide to go to Vegas that weekend! After reading through most of the reviews from fellow yelpers, we took the common advice of GETTING IN LINE EARLY.6 girls in one master bathroom, sprawled across several mirrors with dinner in one hand and make up in the other trying to get ready by 8p to get in line at 830p. We should've taken a picture.Taxied from the Mirage to Encore and found our way to XS's entrance. We were then turned around by the bouncer who told us that people wont be showing up until 9p for the line, so come back then.What?? NO LINE?!So the half hour went to spending some time at the tables while maximizing our use of the beverage lady. The half hour went by fast.Back to the entrance, the line had already extended past a few store fronts. Got stamped for valid ID, and took pictures/chugged my drink before we got to the cashier to pay my $20, and in we go. The overall wait wasnt long at all.Of course, the place was pretty empty since they were still filing people in. We made our way to pool side and made use of the bar and the heat lamps. I am really glad they have bathrooms out there, although the bathroom inside were never overly crowded and always had a free stall.Drinks were alright--I only  bought a drink for myself and the birthday girl. I unfortunately do not recall how much it was (sign of a good night??)Eventually the club got packed! It was pretty hard to maneuver through the dance floor, but when you do, make sure you look for an old guy in a suit. He's apparently a regular who wouldnt mind any of you ladies dancing up on him. Other than that, a pretty good looking crowd.I'd definitely come back during the summer because it was too crowded inside and too cold to be outside. Dont coat check if you're going to go during the winter!
5	This was the best clubbing experience I've ever had so far. This place made Tao look bad.... I did have fun at Tao too though but damn.. XS is on another level. =D
5	Last weekend was packed with parties for CES and AVN. Because of that, I was a little worried about going here, and also because it was a Saturday. Turned out that the timing was perfect. Neither one of the events threw a party here that night. As soon as my friend and I held our place in line, a mad rush of people trickled in behind us. I was amazed to see it moving so fast. I figured I would have waited at least an hour before I got in. I actually reached the entrance in under 30 minutes. Cah-razy! I took a picture as soon as I was inside. First stop was the bar. Prepare to throw down some dough here. My Long Island was $12 bucks, but it was killer. We then made our way to the pool area. Despite the cold weather that night, there were plenty of heat lamps around to make the atmosphere bearable. The place is beautiful. I felt like I was in a dream lounging on the seats that just overlapped the pool. Even witnessed a few crazy antics in there as well (i.e. drunk guy strips down and swims a lap, while another gets soaked up to his elbows from falling in almost completely). I got a lemon drop shot from one of the waitresses (who also happen to be the club's go-go dancers). Another $12, but it was worth it. Once the rest of our group got together, it was time to hit the dance floor. Somewhat crowded, yet tolerable. We really couldn't avoid people trying to make their way across by cutting through or around us, even after we attempted several times to "block" them. They played an interesting selection of music. The first part reminded me of a weekly mix show I listened to, so best believe I was shakin' a leg and bustin' a move. Later on the DJ switched off to the house/techno/mashup stuff that Vegas is known for. I was out of there by a little after 2am because I had already experienced an earful. Overall, it was an incredible night. This place ranks at the top of my list of clubs to hit up. I will surely be back!
4	First trip to XS was New Year's Day!  I didn't really know what to expect, and like Rena Y. said, we were rollin' w/ 50+ ppl or something.  It was ridic.  The club opened at 9pm that day but the line was already wrapping around a few stores.  No problem though because they were pushin' it along pretty quickly.  Thats how more clubs should be!  Got inside and dude....this place is huge!  I like it.  Went straight to the outdoor bar while everyone else strolled in.  Drinks were pretty damn expensive, but what else can you expect in Vegas?  I want to say $16 for a redbull vodka or somewhere in that ballpark?  As it got more crowded, we made our way back indoors where everyone was getting there dance on.  I honestly don't remember if the music was good or not.  Soon we started to lose people left and right and I ended up sobering up earlier than I would have liked to make sure my friend got home safely.  More friends came in and had a table but we didn't see them much either.Next time XS....I'll try to make it through the night!
5	Best ever. hands down. most epic night of my life.Of course, the fact that i knew 60+ people there that night didnt make it less interesting.byt the time i got in and got a few shots in,  this magical place came to life even more. i dont know if it was the way it opened out from a small hallways to a dance floor lounge area to a poolside bar and lounging area that made this experience so epic. but when i lost my friends for 2-3 hrs and my memory, i managed to still say i had an amazing time. the amount of bar space and moving around area was a big addition to the great experience. meaning. i could get drinks faster.theres a long line with strict security so dont even try to cut. but dont worry. everyone who can get in, gets in.i miss my horse stamp. =[ ... and my dignity. i'm pretty sure it went away with my funds. but its okay, it was all worth it. i will say. take a cab to and from here. its quite a trek.and say hello to Ulysses in the mens room. he's my boy. and that girl at the outside bar to the right with short blonde hair. i think she made a killing with me and my friends hovering over her area.
5	BEST CLUB EVER. 10000004958x better than TAO. Not too crowded, beautiful atmosphere, efficient bartenders, awesome people...damn I need to go back.Line wasn't horrible either, it moved pretty quickly!
5	If you want to maximize the odds of a "Hangover" night in Vegas, you need to start at XS.   It was the weekend of my 30th birthday, and friends were flying in from NYC, Belgium, S Korea, etc...needless to say, the pressure was on.  After calling the Encore 2 weeks in advance of the big weekend, we were told that there were no tables available for advance purchase.  Since we were staying at a salon suite at the Wynn, I decided to call the Wynn concierge.  Within a couple hours, Zack, a VIP host at XS called us back and set us up with a table for the following weekend. Zack takes customer service to a whole new level.  He sent me a text early in the day to welcome us to Vegas and confirm that we arrived.  When we arrived at XS on that Friday night, I texted Zack and he immediately came outside to find my group.  The ten of us were quickly ushered to our table with zero hassle.  The venue was packed, and the energy was electric.  Our table was right on the dance floor, and there was plenty of room for our party of ten.  I remember that at 2 am I looked around and everyone in my group seemed to still be smiling and having a great time.  Good job XS, way to exceed even the highest of expectations.
1	This club should be renamed DXS... because the only thing it has an excess of is douchey-ness.A totally un-original club, where the only highlight was the pool no one was allowed to swim in. The music was okay. The line to get in was ridiculously long (waited over an hour). The hotel/ club staff were incredibly rude. The cover was overpriced, the drinks were overpriced, and the club was wayyyy overcrowded.
1	The guys at the door have a stick up their ass.  8 cute girls? wait in line? oh- hell no, we had a better time at Pure.
4	Had a lot of fun!  nice club.  but yes, extremely crowded, getting drinks became an issue, but what can you expect?  Came to have fun, and I did.  Wasn't anything amazing, but fun~
5	Went here during the summer for a Sunday night pool party.  Wasn't over excited since the club is in a mall but I've heard many good things and Wynn resorts don't half ass anything.  Short wait, no cover, hot girls everywhere.  Did I mention I'm a guy?  This just doesn't happen, especially in Vegas.  Between the 3 things I just listed one of the 3 always rears its ugly head but it was not the case when I went to XS.By far the most opulent club I've ever been to.  Tryst was amazing and this just knocked its socks off.  Inside is a beautifully appointed mega club and outside it feels like you're in Miami at a mansion pool party.  There's even a mini casino in the middle of the pool area for that one guy in the group that has to gamble 24/7 while in vegas.  Room to dance and mingle and get yourself into a lot of trouble.  Girls in bikinis dancing their horny butts away in the pool until the E wears off.  Drunk groups of people getting crazy.  People making out everywhere.  Vice at its best.  Not sure how it is on regular weekend nights but Sundays in the summer are really wild and may be worth that extra night in sin city.
4	This place is absolutely gorgeous.  The lights, the colors, the pool... Everything fits so well.  I went at 11:30pm and there was still a 40 minute wait.  Cover was $20/person for girls.  Not too sure how much guys had to pay.  There's a lot of space in the club, unlike Tao where it is nonstop pushing and shoving.  And a great part is having so many seats for the ladies and their sore feet from wearing 3" stilettos all night!  I didn't enjoy the house music selection they played, but I guess that's how most clubs are.  It's hard to find a solely hip-hop dancefloor in Vegas. One downside...  The sea of pervs and nerds my girlfriends and I experienced the weekend of AVN and CES Convention.  I've never felt so violated in any club with men grabbing at my waist and slapping my ass randomly.
5	YES!  My 300th review goes to the BEST CLUB I'VE EVER BEEN TO IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!After waiting in the crazy line that started filling up around 8:45pm on a Saturday night, bending over in submission to the rude/scary/ridiculous bouncers (don't even THINK about cutting in line...they will chew your heads off), and paying $20 cover ($30 for gents), we finally got stamped and made our way into the hottest nightclub in Vegas.  My eyes lit up/dilated as the images in my head from hours of research on Yelp/Youtube days before became a reality.  This place is HYUGE.  We walked outside and my jaw dropped.  The crystal clear, sparkling pool softly lit by heating lamps, couches floating on top of the water literally SURROUNDED by tables and private rooms for bottle service, and the bar on the other side filled with blackjack/war tables for guests to throw some more money away at, had my blood pumping and heart racing from excitement-overload.  I think I enjoyed my time even more, initially, because we got in early when it was empty.  So, we had a good moment alone with XS to slowly undress it and go bonkers.Expensive drinks but hey... it's Vegas.  Don't even think about getting a drink at the bar when it's packed... faster to go outside and play slots for free drinks than at the bar here... After waiting 20~ min, we decided to bounce before the smell of fresh throw-up on the ground pushed us over the edge into yaksville... Side note: If someone starts a fight or gets rowdy here, bouncers will be on you like white on rice and you'll get kicked out of the hotel.  My advice is to keep a cool head and just have a good time... and lay off the tequila.  Another side note:  This girl was so drunk she slipped and fell... busting her face up... there was blood on the floor and it got on my friends arm... talk about a wild night!  AND my friend got punched in the face by this donk... !!  Hence, the above disclaimer...
5	If I ever buy myself a house...I would make sure that I have a pool just like the one in XS club. well...half of it would be enough for my house not the whole thing. hahhahaha but I will def make sure that I chairs and sofas right in the pool just like XS :) The water felt like heaven to my feet...I got my vodka n pineapple drink in one hand n holding my shoes on the other hand..I was one happy lady dancing in the pool! I heard that everyone had to pay to get into this club..like no other way around it. no matter how pretty or sexy you are..the ladies would still have to pay 20 bux to get in. I was lucky enough to get in for free cuz my friends got VIP tables for 2 days in a row :) its all about connection in Vegas I guess. Nonetheless, I love this club! the pool won my heart so everything else about this club is a 5 star for me just cuz I love the pool :) i know I'm biased..leave me alone. Just go n check it out at least once in your lifetime..XS is def worth it!
5	XS is impressive for sure.  Probably THE nicest club I've been to up to date. The layout and decor is just breathtaking once you walk in and then you realize that you can go outdoors to the pool area where they have bottle service, two bars, and floating seating areas in the pool!!  However, there is no barrier to stop your drunk self from falling into the pool so BEWARE.We got in line around 8:45-9pm on a Saturday night and it doesn't take long for the line to grow.  What I like about XS is that they let people in based on their place in line, no picking 20 girls over a group of 5 guys, etc, it's pretty fair!  There's also no cuts-ies in line, try it and the purple blazered security folk will quickly march over and kick you out.  Cover for ladies is $20 and $30 for guys.Drinks are pricy, be forewarned.  Get your stamp and leave temporarily to play penny slots and get drinks.The bathrooms are super nice and kept very clean.  There are also tons of products for you to use to freshen up as well as candy and cigarettes if you're looking for it.Love the decor and atmosphere here.  XS is a must if you're looking to club in Vegas.
4	I am NOT a fan of Vegas clubs, they are always over-crowded, and bouncers powertrip. I think the only reason I had a good time here was because we managed to slip past the egomaniacal bouncers (legally) and not pay cover. But there is ALWAYS a long line to wait in, and it's not LA style where you can be coy & cute and slip into the front of the line. They make you stand there in your heels, your pre-partying alcholism slipping away into the sobriety of waiting. Anyways, drink prices ARE typical vegas here = $14-18 for a mixed drink. Ouch. And it's pretty crowded. I prefer Tryst myself, but this is the hotspot right now, so do what you gotta do...
4	Probably the best layout of any club in Vegas! You initially step in and think oh, it looks like any other Vegas club... but then you walk further in and get to the huge outdoor area filled with cabanas upstairs and downstairs, two full bars, and a huge pool with vip booths surrounding it.Me, my wifey, and a whole bunch of friends went here last Saturday night.  We got there about 10pm and waited only about 20 mins to get in... YES! This is my second time here and I was still blown away on how stylish the overall club decor looked. A spinning chandelier above the main dance floor and an outside area that has plenty of room for peeps to mingle around or just enjoy the view. The DJ that night was playing some okay dance tracks but I swear he had waaaay too many pauses with some songs that the crowd stopped dancing til the beat picked up again... like what the heck are you doing? It's supposed flow! Whatever, I was having fun.I definitely had more fun last time I went... maybe because last time it was my bachelor's party... could be... but one thing I noticed was that this club got Asianed out real quick! I mean damn, last time I went five months ago, it wasn't like this! I'm Asian myself but DAMN, if I wanted to see Asian peeps at the club, I would've stayed in Sac and went to Zokku's or Avalon! My Sacramento peeps feel me on that! Hahahaaa... I know I'm not helping by going there too and adding to the ratio but WOW, where does everyone else go??? I think that's why I would have to give this place 4 stars. I really would give it 4.5 stars if I could since I STILL think it is the best club in Vegas.
5	Went this past Saturday night, and like everyone's said:- the outside of the club is worth the just the admission - paid $30 cover- drinks are $14-16 - jack and coke was strong, mind eraser was perfect- club makeup was about 90% Asian - that was fine with me, I'm EOE.- dance floor was packed - a little small in proportion to the entire place- got there around 10 - wait was about 10 minutes- females were pretty aggressive in all aspects, seemed like most of them listened to 'Took The Night' by Chelley on their drive to Vegas.
1	I really dont understand how people like this place. I didnt like it the first time i went, but my friends really wanted to check this place out, so i went again... and ARGH i just dont get it! Music: house Crowd: short ugliesDrink: super priceyThe only good thing was that we got in for free. but other than that, yuck yuck yuckity yuck
5	This is the best club I have EVER been to. It's really open so you don't get hot like at other clubs. It has multiple bars indoor and outdoor and great music. The atmosphere is beautiful-high ceilings, a huge pool and a good sized dance floor. This place is a guaranteed good time!
4	This is architecturally the best nightclub I have ever been in. When you walk in, you know that you are in Las Vegas. I know that because when I walked in, I said "Wow, I am in Las Vegas".First off, the line and door service is awesome. They don't try to screw guys over and make them pay. Because it's so big and has so much capacity, everyone in line who gets there before 10 will get in when the doors open. Cover is $30 for guys, $20 for girls but I don't mind that at all for Vegas. The outdoor pool and casino is awesome. The DJ is sick because he mixes hip-hop and house. The bartenders are nice. Bouncers are cool. A definite must for any Vegas clubber. I can't give it 5 stars just because I wished they had a bigger dance floor. But this place is great.
5	There are a lot of detailed reviews here so I'll just list the main points:- HUGE club, indoor and outdoor.- Plays Top 40- Drinks are Vegas priced- Line up early @ 9:00pm to get in without a super long wait.  The line will be LONG.- Lots of azns (^_^).  That's kind of a no-no for me.  Don't get me wrong, I'm half Chinese, but I like to hang out with a more diverse group of people than the attention whoring Asian chicks and the rice rocket B-Boy crew.- Gets extremely crowded around midnight.  You won't be able to move.  Seriously.- $30 cover for men, $20 for womenOverall, it's one of the best clubs I've been to and my husband, who hates clubs actually liked this place too, so have fun if you're deciding to come here while you're in Vegas!
5	This place was pretty hyped up to me by friends and also even random taxi drivers etc who all agreed that this was the nightclub to go to in Vegas.  Because of late planning and it being Friday night, we had to pay $20 a person (I believe that's what it is for women and men have to pay $30?).  Also, drinks were pricey at $12-$14 for a shot and $16 for strong drinks like a Long Island or AMF.So, why 5 stars?  Well, in short, this place was absolutely amazing!!  Soooo big and nice and pretty and awesome.  Lots of bars so you're not crammed at one trying to get a drink, lots of places to sit both inside and out, great poolside and a poolside bar you can walk up to, cool dance floor that is open to the outside so that if you need space, you could potentially just move closer to the outside.  Music that's loud but not too loud, crowd that's diverse and cool and well-dressed.Bottom line: once you go, you get why people love this place.  And even though it's expensive, I loved it!  I could live here forever if they let me haha.
5	I LOVED XS!!!!i actually had no previous impression of what this place would be like because i didn't know anyone who went yet and it was also a last minute decision to go... but boy, i'm sure glad i got to go even though we got there pretty late. i was able to get in for free but usually it's $20 for girls and $30 for guys.yes, the drinks are extremely pricy but that's understandable cause it's vegas. but be careful when you order water because they charge $8 for bottled water! i think the bartender thought she could trick me by giving me fiji water but i totally gave it back to her and said "can i have tap water?" and that was free :D as for the drinks, i got a shot of patron which was $12 and an AMF which was $16. eek. the shot did come with a chaser though, so i guess that's a little nicer. the decor was absolutely beautiful!! they have a hugeee chandelier right above the dance floor and the dance floor itself is huge. the thing i like best is how it's extremely well ventilated because it's half outdoors. you could dance all night and not be all sweaty. haha i also really enjoyed their music! their bathrooms are nice too. it was just overall a very fun experience. i can't wait to go back!
5	Let me start off by saying....I am NOT a club goer kinda gal, I usually go cause my friends insist and it's one of the few things to do in Vegas after the shows.Also my review MAY be partial since I did not have to open my wallet. (my friends and I met some European basketball player at the Palm's pool who dropped us his name and we used it to skip the line, walk in and get bottle service) My visit was July 2009...So the place was ridiculously crowed, but that's to be expected.That aside....It still took my breath away! It has more then a "wow" effect. I honestly couldn't believe how much they out did their sister club Tryst (my former favorite club in Vegas). This place blows Tao, Pure, and Rain out of the water!The decor is FLAWLESS, the pool and private cabana's are a unique touch and the ambiance is UNFORGETTABLE.Lastly.....Yes, there is an over abundance of old men and Asians, but face the facts people....this place is EXPENSIVE, (note the word overpriced was not used, since the ambiance is well WORTH the money) hence the demographic it attracts.....add in beautiful girls and hooker. Haha :)
4	Sparkly. Sexy. Classy. Sensual. Seductive.This is the MOST beautiful nightclub I have been to so far! Granted, I'm not the clubbing type, but one does not have to be to recognize that this place is totally awesome. I was in awe the moment I stepped onto the huge dance floor with VIP tables scattered to your left and to your right and then off to the gorgeous patio with a sparking pool. I must have spent a good ten minutes spacing out and absorbing all of XS' seductive beauty.Arrived around 10. Ladies got in for FREE! Guys paid $20? Yes, the lines seem really long but they move you in pretty quickly. Oh btw, unless you're a pretty lady, don't even think about trying to jump in with your friends who are already standing in line; Within seconds, a bouncer will shoo you off and tell you to get to the back of the line. But like I said, you get in quickly since they card you while waiting in line. The crowd is not as diverse, but it sure is a HELL of a lot classier than the sleazeballs at Vanity. That's a different review.Spent the whole evening outdoors. The entire area was never packed. The air was crisp and breezy. The music was cool... Frankly, I can't recall, but it was definitely danceable. The whole atmosphere and vibe was chill. The bar is never crowded. The drinks were good; Five shots for about $75 total. Expected. If you want water, don't just ask for water unless you want to shell out about $8 for a bottle of Fiji. I learned my lesson after asking for 2 bottles of water and getting charged $16-18 at Tryst. Ha! Ask for TAP. The bathroom is ALWAYS empty and clean. The lady in there is such a sweetie, so tip her well! When leaving, I had to maneuver through the dance floor. It was hot and sweaty, thick and musky. If I had been stuck indoors, my review would positively be a negative. I guess that's what indoor clubbing is like... Anyhow, I'm glad my drunk a$$ could even make it out of there. Sincerest apologies to Vdara because my body could not process the toxins and therefore expelled into your nice and conveniently laid out waste bins that lead to the elevator and up to my suite. Good times.
5	XS is my all time supreme favorite club in Vegas, hands down! If you like to get wasted and lost into oblivion and got the money to blow...holler @ XS!
4	I went to XS in December for my 4th time which was my least favorite, not because the club isn't great, but because they closed the outdoor portion of the club due to weather or something of that nature.. As in the previous experiences, I spent most of my time outside which created most of the beautiful ambiance in my opinion.. But still had an excellent time (Read previous reviews with videos added).Now, for the Asian people complaining about other Asians.. Grow up and get real.. The only Asians I can't stand are the ones who think it's cool to alienate themselves from their own race...(And trust me.. when you see most of them, there's nothing especially unique or attractive about them, so it makes me laugh, haha) I never hear any other races complaining about their own... It's immature and pointless.. Trust me, the other "cool" Asians thought the same thing about you when they saw you at the club and were instantly turned off... How does that make you feel?? And if you did your homework and went on Yelp before visiting.. You should know.. There's a lot of Asians at XS and Tao, so DON'T EFFING GO THERE!! You have a choice, and if you hate your own kind that much, just stay away.. I myself, go out of my way to meet any person, as you'd see in the videos as well.. Fun has no color... And it's freakin Vegas!! Whatever little chip on your shoulder you might have.. Get rid of it!! The vibe out there is amazing.. People are so open to meeting one another and partying hard with perfect strangers... As long as you go anywhere with the right attitude, you can almost guarantee yourself an exceptional experience!!Oh yeah.. especially at XS!! This place freakin ROCKS!!!
4	Was here with a bunch of girlfriends and yes, this is THE nightclub you must go to when you are in Vegas. I usually bitch if I have to pay $20 cover for any club but I really think it was justified because I love this place...The hotel/club is beautiful! The club is half indoor and half outdoor where they open up the hotel's pool area. Usually a crowded club tends to get stuffy but not here... The crowd: classy and beautiful. I haven't seen this much eye candy in one night hehe both male and female... For some reason, I ended up with a whole bottle of Jack Daniels (don't know why?) and apparently I was dancing with it on the dance floor. haha.
4	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ~$30Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: Top 40.Date Attended: 01/24/10, SundayGot $10 tickets for free admission before 12 here, http://www.cheapvegasclubs.com/nightclubpackages.htm.  It's definitely a nice spot to go to.  Even on a Sunday, this place had a good clientele of people coming here.  I had a lot of fun here and will be back.  You even get lint-brushed on your back while you're washing up from the rest room lol!Pros: Courteous doormen.  Courteous staff.  Good times.Cons:  None.
5	Club promoter said he'd get my girlfriends and I in, no cover charge, if we came by 10:30 so XS was our first stop of the night during our clubbing hopping spree Saturday night.  There isn't much to say except that this is truly the hottest club in Vegas right now.  The venue is striking and so are the people inside. Bottom line: come dressed to impress and make sure this is on your list of places to check out when you come party in Vegas because it's too hot to pass up.
5	I used to think this venue was named for the dress size of girls in minidresses who lined up to get their butt cheeks stamped in exchange for free admission.  But, after making my way here last Monday, I'm guessing the name stands for Excess.Because they spared no expense, friends.  This place is huge, the vibe is sexy, and the people are as beautiful as money can buy.  Especially on a Monday in Las Vegas.  It's industry night, so expect to shake it harder for free perks.  We arrived shortly before Midnight and paid a cover charge ($20 for me; $30 for him).  Then, on a hunch, I dropped my name to a dude with a clipboard, he checked the guestlist (sign up free on the Wynn's website to be contacted soon by a promoter: http://www.encorelasvegas.com/#/nightlife/xs_reservations/) and then REIMBURSED us for the cover charges.  That's right, they said, "you shouldn't have to pay" and actually put $50 BACK on our card... which paid for a few vodka sodas for yours truly.A cute gal wandered around with tequila and vodka-guava shooters.  Might want to ask how much they are in advance, since $12 a pop adds up when you offer to buy a round for your friends.Fun Tip: Find the Las Vegas Weekly photographer on premises and get yourself featured in the online photo album here: http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/photos/2010/jan/26/128774/We danced until 3am to hip hop mash-ups and had a blast.  Warm vibe from everyone on the indoor/outdoor dance floor - which helps when you fall on your face from 4.5" heels that weren't intended to be walked in and need strangers to pull a Humpty Dumpty and get you upright again.  Hypothetically.Five divinely XSessive stars.
4	XS is definitely my favorite club to hit up in Vegas. The music is always good, drinks are strong (they don't skimp on the shots), and the crowd is always fun! The guys here are fun/friendly and I find to be less creepy than other clubs. The crowd is young early 20s to 30s. The only bad thing is you can easily loose your group especially on a crowded Sat night. The dance floor gets so packed after 11:30. So have a meeting spot prepared if you've got a big group. I love that there is an outdoor portion of the club, and they bump the music loud enough so you can dance outside as well. So if the dance floor is too stuffy for your taste take your money maker outside! There are cabanas upstairs for a more chill scene as well. So if you're looking for some strong drinks, nice eye candy, and a plain o'l good time hit up XS and you won't be disappointed :)
5	Love, Love, Love this club... I am not the typical girl who loves to go clubbing but I love this club.. The nicest club in Vegas by far.. Its huge with lots and lots of over the top additions. Get this, they have black jack tables right outside of the main dance floor.... Huge Club, indoor and outdoor... lots and lots of VIP area... great friendly crowd!
5	I'll admit that I don't entirely remember the whole night at XS, but if, no WHEN, I go back to Vegas, I will definitely be hitting XS up again. It's probably my favorite club that I've been to in Las Vegas.My girl friend and I paid a little extra and skipped a rather long line since it was on the night of a MGM fight, and the place was packed. As I walked in, I remember that the decorum was amazing. I'd love to go back and photograph it since there was (thankfully) no photographic evidence of our sisterly debauchery that particular night.While the drinks are pricey, the decor, the vibe, and the crowd make up for it all - even the cover fee. Most people are in their early 20's to 30's and it's a rather classy place. The outdoor area by the pool was chilly in mid-December, but toss back a large shot (or 6) of Grey Goose and you're all set! XS embodies all that Vegas should be. And more.
5	UHHHHHHHHH-MAAAZINGGGGG. so gorgeous. huge. LOVE IT. makes me drive 4 hours to vegas every other weekend. hotties everywhere. I will wait hours in line if I have to get in this place. I think once I waited like 40 minutes (with a flask obviously so I wasn't mad at all about waiting). but I love it here its just so pwetty :)
2	not sure why XS is so highly rated...* the club is small* pool area was not open and fenced off* indoor area was very crowdednonetheless, it is currently the hottest club in vegas.good thing is if u stay at the Wynn, u can take off your high heels after clubbing and walk on carpet back to your room.the downside is u get random strangers following u back to your room, knocking on your door asking if u want a good time.  no thanks!
5	Still my favorite hotspot in Vegas!I've been here a few times, and I always have a good time.  It never ceases to amaze me how big and gorgeous the club is.  You get just about everything you are looking for, plus several other "wow" moments.  Spacious dance floor, ample tables (both inside and outside), cabanas, pool, jacuzzi, several bars, casino, etc.  Seriously, what else did they not think about?I know it can be a pain to wait in line and get inside.  My gfs and I were lucky because we met a promoter and he got us in in no time.  So girls, go with your gfs and dress to impress.  :p
5	I have never had a bad night here.  Jessie and Si are friends of the family and they have made an amazing night club! They have treated us all with the up most respect and I have never had a bad night here. Good people , crazy fun and great service!! The atmosphere makes you feel like your in a fantasy world.  Defiantly a place to be in Vegas! Bring your wallets tho!
4	I think this is the best nightclub in Vegas, the venue it self is very beatiful with tables everywhere, the dance floor is kind of small though, the pool area is one of the best in vegas but I hate the blackjack tables which always draw me playing over there. Pros -- Great decor and beatiful ambiance-Nice promoters and staff-Clean bathrooms with no linesCons -- can get way too crowded inside which makes it hard to move- a lot of asians, sorry i'm not a racist but i expected more diversity and sometimes this club is full of socal asians ...it feels like asian night sometimes !!-looong lines if you dont have a table or come late
2	I want to say this is the best club ever,  but omg, this club is so overrated!!!I was really excited to finally experience the XS hype, only to find out that the club does not live up to its hype.  Waiting in line already made me not like this place.  Our friends were a few parties ahead of us and yea it sucks that people cut to meet up with their friends, but whatever it happens and you do it, I do it and yep, that's what we were doing.  And then, a bouncer stopped us saying "you have to wait like everyone else."  okay, fine, we have to wait.  AND THEN, this bitch ass bouncer lets people cut for the party in front of us.....??????  thanks...for that?  later on that night i found out that one of my friends was not let in because the bouncer didn't believe her id was her.  it wasn't a fake id and the reason why they wouldnt let her in was because she said the wrong weight as written on the id.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?? its freaking vegas, she's with a bunch of girls and who really says their correct weight on their id??  and what bouncer really looks at the id anyways.  ugh i hated the bouncers there, thought they were so tough cuz they were working for the it spot in vegas.the music sucked!!!!!!  for being one of the most popular clubs in vegas, i thought they would have played more hip hop, less house/trance.  it was like weird remixes if they did play hip hop, so no thanks!okay ill give credit to how big this place is.  it was nice that it had a spacious outdoors and how they had gambling tables within the club.  i liked how it had a lot of seating area as well.  everyone kept on saying, it was the nicest pace, but honestly i think its only the nicest because its one of the newest clubs....give it like another year....
4	It's hard trying to decide between Tryst and Xs for the stamp of my favorite location in Vegas. Xs is amazing, large and splendorous, and any time you have water bodies in the club, and hot bodies around it, i'm likely to like it.One gripe? Too few bartenders. Wait times of 20 minutes for a drink are not uncommon. But one you do have that drink and you're on the dance floor, it truly is amazing. And if you need a breather head off and chill by the pool. It's like alternating sweet and savory bites. You keep wanting to switch in and out because while you're enjoying the moment, you remember how awesome the last moment in the other spot was.At some point things got a bit ridiculous when there was a money shower near one of the dancing girls. And when we think we saw a 60 yr old woman on the dance floor. But next time i'm down in vegas, i'm so back.
4	It may be because my group and I were able to skip that looong ass line and get in for free on a Saturday night, but XS is probably the nicest club I've ever been to.  The energy of this place was out of control, the decor was stunning, and I loved loved LOVED how the club opens up to the outside bar area--you can still hear the music from the inside but it's a lot more chill.  At around $15 each, the drinks were pricey, but what else would you expect from the hottest night club in Vegas?  The night I went there was an impromptu performance by Too $hort which was a nice surprise.I took away a star because XS is just obnoxiously packed and I kept getting pushed around.  They also need to have more bartenders because it took forever to get drinks.  Lastly, one waitress was acting like a total bitch to my sister and deserved to punched in the face.  Taking all that into consideration, I probably won't make the effort to come back unless I can skip the line and get in for free again, then I'm totally game!
4	There wasn't much of a line when we got there, but it didn't matter because we all walked in anyways without waiting. Free. INCLUDING THE GUYS!! The place was sorta empty on a Sunday night during winter break, but whatevs I was enjoying myself with my friends. The lighting decor was soo pretty and we were impressed when we walked into the open floor of the club. Some guy bought me a Tokyo Tea and that drink was helllllllllla effin strong! Good job XS, you successfully made me black out for the only time ever.Even though I can't remember much of this night, whatever clips and glimpses I do remember, they were good. =)
5	It's just not possible to not come here on a Vegas visit. I don't think I could ever get sick of this place, because all the other clubs on the strip just don't compare. You're guaranteed a good time! The crowd is pretty dependably fun, and even though it gets super packed, you can always run around in the pool or sit on the loungers for a while. Also, the cabanas upstairs are pretty awesome (even though they get REALLY unbearably hot inside). The only downside is just how crowded the dance floor gets and how busy the bar always is. But you can avoid both :)
5	XS sets the nightclub bar!Always our Sunday night spot.
3	Most of what has been said in the previous 500+ reviews is correct, but I'd like to add something that I haven't seen anyone touch on.We got bottle service in a pool side cabana which was nicely heated during the winter months. The cabana has a curtain in front of it which can be closed for privacy, so I thought. I closed it at the urging of my club mates and within seconds, a gruff security guard came by, opened it and informed us that we weren't allowed to close it.This pissed me off. I mean, we DID have bottle service and it WAS in a cabana that DID have a curtain that could be closed. Not to mention, it WAS Vegas. So I closed it just about a foot on each side when he turned his back. He came back and opened it again. I repeated this one more time until he told me he'd kick us out if we shut it at all again.I was honestly in disbelief. You get bottle service at a cabana in the hottest club in Vegas and.... closing the curtain a little is not allowed?!?Seriously, is this Jesus Camp or is it a club in Vegas? Lay off the uptight morality/authority trip!
5	Best club in Vegas, hands down. Well, it'd be even better if it wasn't so hard to get into (long lines, hefty price tags for the fellas) but I think the difficulty of getting in makes it that much more exciting when you go.It was President's Day weekend, so we thought it'd be super crowed & impossible to get in with a group of 9 boys & 4 girls, but through some good promoters, we were walked right in at 11:00pm, no waiting, boys $30, girls free.Now, I've been to my fair share of clubs in Vegas, & nothing even compares to how beautiful this place is!  This might be a bold statement, but I'd have to say it's the nicest club I've ever been to. Because:1. It's huge - no need to dance shoulder to shoulder with strangers & no need to fight the masses for a perfect spot on the dance floor. I think this place holds like, 10,000 people & you'd never even know it because there's so much space.2. It's beautiful. Scratch that, it's gorgeous. 3. There's ventilation - the outdoor pool area provides a nice breeze, so no sweaty armpits!4. The music is good & there's no creepy old people (like, 50+ year olds, or that old long white bearded man in the Hawaiian shirt you always see at PURE.)Needless to say, I'd come here every time I go to Vegas if i could!
4	Def the place to be but I heard recently they closed off the pool area now... so that inside is actually a tiny place... small dance floor and no room to really even stand... if you stand the bouncer tells you to keep moving. The weird part was when the club was super packed and no one could now including the bouncer.. he kept telling people to move but no one could hahaha
4	Well, if the music's too loud, then you're too old.That is especially true for me. We flew to Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday and pulled an all-nighter! Dinner at Botero, followed by dancing and partying at XS!It was sexy, hot, loud, full, and bumping! We arrived just after midnight and were escorted to our table, just located above the dance floor and to the left of the entrance.We were treated like stars! The service was 5 star all the way. Our cocktail server (dressed in a sexy strapless dress that barely came to the bottom of her butt cheeks--SEXY!) was not about to have us serve ourselves. I, being unaccustomed to this high-end nightclub, thought the ice bucket on the table, with the glasses (plastic, so as not to break on the dance floor) were for us to pour our own drinks. That was not the case! She was there right away, almost floating over with a smile, asking what she could pour for me.The men's room (according to the men) had attendants who were practically hovering over them while they were in the bathroom, brushing the backs of their shirts for lint...handing paper towels...every kind of cologne available. Well, that's to be expected! We are talking about a nightclub! Where one table cannot run for under $300-500.Anyway--we had a fantastic time. We stayed until 4:30 am, when they kicked us out, and we were able to put the champagne into a plastic cup and take with us back into the hotel lobby. (Although, we were probably the only two people who were not drinking that night in all of Vegas!)It was a blast. Music loud. Dancers sexy. Poles for the ladies to dance on. Open and closed area of the nightclub. Pool. Beautiful.
5	XS Night Club is my favorite club in Vegas, primarily because the audience is very good looking and it's always packed. Dead clubs are not  appealing. Drinks are normal priced for clubs ~$10. Entrance for men $30, Women $20.CAUTION: If you don't have bottle service, you will want to stand in line 30-60 minutes PRIOR to the club opening. Otherwise, you may end up waiting in line for 2 hours unless you are with insanely beautiful women, or if you tip them $100 at the door. Just FYI.The venue is immense. There is a huge outdoor pool area with high stakes gambling, a large dance floor, and a ton of cabanas to hang out in. Outdoors is a very chill place to just hang out and catch up with old friends, while inside is insane with tons of dancing and lots of people. It gets very crowded during peak seasons, so don't expect to have a lot of space to move.
4	I'd been wanting to check out what all the hype at XS was about and for all of the 20 min. that I was there--it was worth it!We arrived on a Fri. night after 1:30 and found no line!  We had had a late dinner and loungey drinks beforehand so when we arrived, we had no wait.  I personally prefer this since I never plan on sleeping until 4am when in Vegas.  Beautiful club that openped up into the pool area.  It was a cold January night and a few geniuses decided to dip their feet and dance around in the wading pool.  Great idea on a hot night b,ut it was cold and the pool was unheated!  (To each their own...) Admission: $20 women, $30 men.  It was still happenng at 2am on Friday, everyone sw aying around to that crazy good  house music.  We couldn't help getting caught up on everyone's musical, alcoholic, dance-crazed high!A tequila shot and vodka tonic later, we left to check out Drai's before the crazy crowds kicked in.  I would definitely have rather stayed at XS.  Oh well, next time...
5	I've been to numerous clubs in Vegas but so far, this is the best club I have been to.  The wait is ridiculous, but if you have $$$ get bottle service, or if you have homies in Vegas with hook ups, call them!  It is definitely worth the hassle.  You want to look good, dress sexy, and bring lots of cash and credit to buy drinks.  Drinks cost lots...but everywhere in vegas its muy expensive!  This place has one of the largest patios near their pool to chill, smoke, meet people, and chat throughout the long hours of the night til dawn.  The dance floor is pretty big too, not too crowded.  It opens up into the patio area, so the place is well ventilated.   You can even dip your feet in the pool if it starts sweating in your sandals to rid of any vinegar smell you may have developed haha.  Vegas always has a good diverse crowd with a DJ who places music to fit everyone's taste.  I think the fact that this place is huge, and the patio is huge, and the fact that everyone wants to go somewhere new, this place is definitely the spot!  Planning a bachelorette or bachelor party? do it here.  My girl and I met so many people about to get married and had their bottle service there.  Its super expensive so be ready to let go of some ends!  It was even fun with just me and my girlfriend, dancing the night away, walking around and chit chatting w/ everyone.  The main thing is, you CAN walk around, you CAN see people, AND even better, no long lines to go pee!  It's not super crowded or dark like Tao. LOL. So if you're planning to go to Sin City, XS should be on your itinerary for sure!
4	I'm not really into clubs, but this one's pretty nice. We didn't have to wait in a line, which is always a plus. It's large (that's what she said! ha!) with an indoor and outdoor area both of which will provide bottle service. Personally, I would go for the poolside cabana bottle service. I like the outdoor area better than the indoor as it  has a more chill vibe. But, If working up some good bun sweat shakin' your money maker in your spandex mini dress is what you came to do...the inside is for you. (That was my XS tribute to Dr. Seuss rhyme). The dance floor is inside and features golden go-go dancers and stripper poles galore if you feel like getting your grind on. Would it be wrong to want to Purell that sucker first? BTW...if the pole tuckered you out and you're leaving...they don't let you take your drink out of the club. Booooo!
5	There is not a club in Vegas that has come close to the mind-blowing, jaw-dropping marvelousness (yes that is a word!) of XS. Inside and out this is the most beautiful club in Las Vegas, the cocktail waitresses and go-go dancers are gorgeous and their outfits are sexy, but not skanky. The dancers can actually dance too! Even the busser's and door guys are all good looking! Pool-side is my favorite, mixes the fun of a club without feeling claustrophobia or getting your open toes stepped all over! I also love that they have craps and black jack outside, isn't so much fun when you have had a few too many and decide to go "all-in", but hey I guess sometimes it pays off!I also have found that this is probably the most challenging club for me to get into, which for girls in Vegas is never really that hard, so it makes going and getting in feel a little more exclusive! haha. . .If you haven't been you must go. . . I have also heard that their industry nights on Sunday's are pretty fun too, but for those of us that work M-F, Sunday nights do not make for a pleasant Monday!
4	if you're asian, you're crazy not to go here. i dont have anything against asians i just felt like i was left out or something, like i missed the memo that this was for high class asians. Like the previous post, I too like a lot of diversity when i go to a club so yeah...the outside bouncers were jerks, very pushy but i guess you kinda have to be when you're getting people to stay in a line...oh no wait, you dont thats what velvet ropes are for. the inside bouncers were a bit jerk-ish but let you get away with things if you talk them down...just look for a samoan bouncer and he'll be good to you, the white guys will be ready to throw you out in 2 sec.Although music really depends on the DJ, I went on a saturday and the DJ sucked. playing nonstop constant beat techno/dance w/ little to no lyrics for about 2 hrs...i'm not a fan of DJ's who play dance remixes of pop/hip hop songs its just as annoying as the radio DJ's who don't play a whole song. anything unrecognizable or un-danceable is a no-no in a club.other than all that...VEDI NICE! really fancy, very popular and you got the pool at your feet if you wanna rest for a lil bit OR if you wanna dance in water--i was gettin fierce in the shallow end and eventually people took their shoes off and joined in.by the end of the night its hard to NOT jump in the pool.
5	Can't go wrong when the casino dumps 50 million into a club.This club can pack in so many people, but what's great about is the outside.  There's room to breathe and hang out and I've always had a good time when coming here.Bathroom lines are kept to a minimum and hands down the hottest club in Vegas so far.Cons:  Long wait if you show up late....go early!
4	The lay out is SICK! I loved the gold walls as you walk in that look like people are coming out of them, to the bathrooms, and the pool area. *Gasp* the music was very dancey if thats even a word but I liked it. I would have had more fun if my friends were up to dancing to it but they wanted to hear hip hop. Mostly fist pumping that night but it may have been because The Situation from Jersey Shore was in town that day. Drinks were kinda pricey but were good. Lots and Lots and Lots of good looking people. Men and women. The waitresses uniform is a shirt worn as a dress is all I have to say. lol.
5	This review is for when I went in November 2009, I know-- I'm THREE months late.... but I had so much fun, so I remember it was CRAAACKIN. I came with 4 other *BEAUTIFUL* females, we waited in line for only about 5 minutes and got in. I loved dancing on the dance floor that was partially outside because you got FRESH AIR, although it was very packed. So there kinda wasn't any room to dance nor walk around from one spot to another quickly. Music was cool but towards the end they started playing like those rave/trance music, and I don't like that. One incident though, we almost got kicked out... so, note to self: Don't push or shove an employee because they will find you like with their HAWK'S EYE and try to get you kicked out!
5	this placeee rockkkkkkkksssssssssending all my friends there
3	Last club for our Vegas trip.  This place is fantastic to look at.  The music is pretty good here too, if only I had room to dance!  Argggghhh.... I don't like it when it gets wayyyyy  too packed and I can't even move and then you get grabbed and groped and manhandled and you turn around and can't even tell who deserved the nice betch slap.But anyway, I feel this place is a bit overrated.  Ok ok, it's pretty big and sooo pretty with the pool and open patio, but seriously guys, how do you even have fun when you have to constantly push and shove your way around.We got invited to a table and they asked us why we came out to Vegas.  Do you really need a reason to be in Vegas??!  I think not!  However, word on the street was that it was Kiki's 21st birthday.  LOL can I seriously still pass for 21?  So we kept doing rounds of birthday shots and I literally gagged because I didn't have a chaser and threw up on their table.  Hahahaha!  My bad.  I tried to excuse myself because I didn't want to be "that girl" but they said it was ok and took a count of people who have thrown up and everyone raised their hands and made me feel a lot better.  They wiped it up and we continued to have fun.  Such a nice, friendly crowd here!!  LOLThe place is almost identical to Tryst, but with more asians and more people in general.  Hot club at the moment, and even though I have fun everytime, I would still prefer somewhere else with enough space to get down and dirrrty.
3	Came here around 1:30 on Saturday evening with my girl to meet a couple of friends who were having a bachelor party there.  We paid the cover  (30 for me, 20 for the girl) and got into the club in literally two minutes from the time we walked up to the front.  This place was huge, and looked incredible from the second you walk towards the end of the main hallway and look out.  It almost has a tropical theme kind of feel going...but yes, great energy inside the club.  However, the place was INSANELY crowded.  Literally booty to booty and breast to breast in this place.  It takes like 15 minutes just to get from one side of the club to another side of the club.  I can't recall how many boobs, butts, and other body parts collided against me during this mad scramble for the other side of the club.  We could not find our friends table, so we went back out (another round of collisions and moving .0000005 mph).  My friend then called me and said he would meet me in the front, so the fun began all over again.  I saw him hitting on tons of girls on the way back to the table.  Freaking, arms around them, talking, everything.  At the table, there was good and bad.  Good- GOGO dance floor right in front of us.  BAD- Ghetto hoochy big girl squad invaded the dance floor in front of us. It was just an awful sight, and I honestly kept on looking behind me because I did NOT want to see what was in front of me. After more than enough of that visual torture, we went outside to look around the outdoor area and the cabanas.  Now the outdoor area was way less crowded, and seemed really chill.  I could see myself coming back and hanging there, but definitely not indoors.  This is a really subjective review, as I personally don't like being jampacked with hardly any room to manuever whatsoever when I'm at a club, or anywhere for that matter.  However, if you like that, you will LOVE this place.  For the environment and energy it gets 5 stars, docking one star for the ridiculous crowd and another star because the bouncers allowed those girls to make a mockery of the go go floor.
3	Huge, very cool looking club.  Pricey drinks but hell, it's Vegas.  Got in for free, but heard the cover is $30.  That's pretty insane.  But I guess there are ways on the web to get in cheaper...Was actually one of the few places on a Tuesday night that got busy...it took until about 1am until the place really picked up though.
5	The hottest club I have been to in Vegs. Why?pooltons of private rooms and cabanas with a great viewa mini casino in the middle of the poolbeautiful ppl and placeYou have to be there to know what everyone is talking about! I need to go back!
4	No one is safe from the condescending bouncers.  A suit may make you look good, but doesn't give you the right to be an asshole. Go to this line, no go to that line...Frick...get organized!  Is me standing here a fire violation, really? Once you get through the maze and the $20 cover charge, you enter the quintessential world of VEGAS. Gold boobs, table service, stripper poles, and various dance floors. It's LUSH, ELEGANT, and NOT tacky. I swear all that was missing was some candy walls and glitter from the ceiling at 1AM.  It works. It's not stuffy, and the people are a good mix of dorks, rappers, and true beat thumping dancers. You will have eye candy and those people that just make you want to look away...yes drunk girl in the bathroom who is naked, I am talking about you.  Nonetheless, this is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  It's entertaining and busy in a good way.  Not to be missed! Did I mention the club is SPACIOUS.   Multiple open dance areas with plenty of ventilation make the night crawlers stay out past their bed times.    In addition, there is an outdoor area to mingle. It boasts a relaxing pool, cabanas, game tables, and for the sexy-heaters. The pool is a nice touch.  If your feet start to ache, take a quick dip outside and JUST DANCE. If you are walking to XS, pack some socks...the walk home at 5AM is going to be painful.  Tip: Get a cab!
5	I love this club!! Not only is it beautifully decorated, but it has beautiful lighting and is by the pool! I saw a fire breather and very beautiful dancers.It takes about 45 minutes to an hour I think to get in, but it is so worth it! I love lounging and dancing by the pool. XS is so much better than Haze! Do not believe the hype! I've been to Tao, Vanity, Haze, Blush, etc. Blush has the best music, but XS has the total package!
5	I know you already see how many people have given this club a 5-star, and I want you to know that, believe what you read on Yelp!!!!!!!!Just went to XS for the first time 1 wk ago, and seriously, the best club I've ever been to in my life.  Beautiful overall design, delish drinks and very entertaining poles (for both ladies and gentlemen)!! And the best part is the outdoor pool where you can relax/shake your bonbons near/in/on the side of! Sweet!
5	This is the HOTTEST club in Vegas. I seriouly think this is the best club I ever been to. The best part there is the outdoor pool and the many stripper pole. Although no one can go into the pool but the second time I was there i just have the urge to just jump in even though i know i would get kick out :). Well u can soak ur feet in the pool and dance on the edge & along side of the pool but thats bout it. Everything in XS is sooo BEATIFUL!!! Great music, beautiful people, couches/cabana u can relax on and enjoy the scenary, stripper pole everywhere if u want to shake ur bon bon & pretend to be a stripper for a night :), blackjack table by the pool if u want to get ur gambling on.......I can go on and on. It maybe hard to get in or the wait can be long to get in but thanx for a friend working her magic w/ an unknown stranger & hook-up we got VIP.XS is the place to be when ur in Sin City!!
5	Words can't describe how amazing XS is.  it has never failed to amaze me with the crowd, music, and elegant atmosphere.  Best club in vegas hands down.  Possibly the best in the world!
2	I really loved the decorations and how the place was designed. Very cool looking club with lots of space and nice to hang out by the pool. Lots of couches and beds around to sit, as long as they aren't being taken by people using bottle service. Staff was fairly cool. So the environment was great. I have to complain about the rest of the atmosphere, and this is what makes the place 2 stars. While the inside and outside area is pretty huge, the dance floor relative to that is pretty small, and can't accommodate everyone if they all want to dance. So dance floor was packed really to the point of feeling like sardines, Kept getting bumped into by other people and getting drinks spilled. They also play the music at a volume so that the rest of the club can hear it. So if you are on the dance floor the volume is way loud. I also really had a problem with the DJ, and his music selection. He kept playing rock songs (Nirvana, Kings of Leon) and putting a techno beat behind it. I guess that's his idea of dance music, but really was boring to me. So if I was just looking for a place to hang out and talk, I would come back.
5	This is pretty much the hottest club in America as far as I'm concerned.  I consider myself a fairly experienced club-goer and this by far takes the cake for its size, opulence, clientele, and overall kick assness.It took a good 5 minute walk to find the end of the line and expected to wait a good 2 hours but the line moved quite fast and we were in within 20 minutes.  $30 cover for guys, $20 for girls.Insane amount of private tables and cabanas and private rooms.  We tried to get a table for bottle service 3 weeks out and they were all reserved!  If you're in Vegas, you NEED to go here.  No where else I can say that I danced in a pool, in my suit (pants rolled up of course, "dance floor" projecting out of the pool so you're ankle deep only),  Best clubbing time ever!!!!
4	XS is like Neverland Ranch for adults - without the pedophilia. In the span of 30 minutes, I had seen about a thousand people, among them, a girl dancing near an older (like 60s) Middle Eastern man dropping it like it's hot with a glass full of beer on his head, people dancing around in the pool like the beginning of FRIENDS, and a girl having a 'dance off' with the go-go dancer at the gambling island in the middle of the club. Oh, by the way, that "girl"? It was me.Get past the $20 dollar cover for girls and $30 for guys (the line goes quickly because they let every Tom, Dick and Harry in) and your initial desire to throw up when you walk in. If you don't get a table, get a drink IMMEDIATELY and then get outside to enjoy the fresh air and total ridiculousness that is XS.We didn't get there until like 2AM - having just come from one of the WORST clubs in Vegas (The Bank) - and we stayed until 5AM. The best part about this club is that it really lives up to its name. Did I really need to spend my cash at the $50 minimum blackjack table (the cheapest table)? Of course not. I usually come back from Vegas up from careful blackjack playing, but all that went right down the tube at XS, and I'm okay with that.You should really have at least three drinks before you come to this place, because I don't recommend it sober. This is one of the only clubs that I have been where I was fine to not have a table. Dress to the nines, wear your next to most uncomfortable pair of smoking hot heels, and be prepared for the ultimate Vegas experience.
5	My absolute favorite club in the world. As far as clubbing goes, I always figured, been there, done that, they're all essentially the same. That is, until I came to XS. It truly is excessive in every sense of the word. The space is HUGE and opens up into an outdoor area that is even grander and houses a large swimming pool in the center. There are private cabanas for those who want a little privacy~ although I feel like that defeats the whole purpose of being out and about and getting dolled up. For those who really came to gamble but want to stay in the same playing field as their friends, XS has blackjack tables outside as well, albeit higher limits than inside the casino. In the summer, my girls and I kicked off our shoes and sloshed our aching feet in the shallow end of the pool where they have lounging chairs IN the water. Every time they played my jam, we'd jump up and just dance in the water along with everyone else standing in the pool. Most inventive and FUN club ever.
4	This place is really nice; it's like Tryst on steroids. Huge outdoor area, ok place to get bottle service. Packed to capacity just like all the major clubs in Vegas. However, like Tryst the dance floor is a bit small and while I'm open and ready to dance to all types of music, they play a little too much trance and high energy for my taste. I'm not looking for just hip hop but would like a little more variety. Every time I been here I swear the DJ's used the same drum beat the whole time while mixing random songs with it.  Other than that, great club.
4	Not my scene, but for what it's meant to be, it succeeds in excess.  The layout was gorgeous, the women were almost as gorgeous as the interior, the DJ was skilled, the patio space was sublime and the dance floor was a constant orgy of rhythmic motion.Apparently (according to all the other reviews), this is the hottest club in Vegas.  I only waited in line for 2 minutes, flashed convention press credentials to skip the cover, and didn't have to  pay for a single drink the whole time I was there, but that seems to be rare.  Mine were comped, but others were complaining about the cost to quality ratio of their drinks.
4	Fine, I'm adding a star back.  Table service FTW.We were here for a massive birthday/going away party.  We rolled 20+ deep.  There is no way all the guys are getting in without a table.  And we wanted to party in style.So, we got a table.  Right at the pool.  Some in the pool.  It was amazing.  We felt super VIP.Dancing in the pool with our shoes off was the highlight of the night.Ordering extra bottles at $600 a pop, not so much.Having random strangers make out at our table and then yell at us?  Lowlight.But table service brings all the beezies to the yard ;)
5	Pure extravagance. It's unquestionably the best club in Las Vegas. Not going to bore anyone with any of the other details of how the place is like because we know it's hot, I'm just going to provide some anecdotes.Somehow at 10:40 PM on a Friday night, there was absolutely no line. None. Literally. It took all of maybe 20 seconds to get in ($30/guys, $20/girls). This was a shock considering the other times I've seen the line, it's rolled all the way into the Wynn...granted this is usually around 12-1 AM at this point.Anyways, since they have the great (or horrible, depending on how whacked you are going in there) idea of having blackjack tables at the bar next to the pool, somehow we convinced one of the girls serving drinks to the tables to hook us up with some drinks without even sitting down at a table. Two red bull vodkas later with a $2 tip = coming out massively ahead considering the usual $15 each lol.Dance floor's hot, DJ mixes between hip-hop/house (I love both so it works out great for me). If it rains, way too crowded inside. But still hot.
5	I'm glad I remembered to check Yelp before I left for Sin City.  XS is not fooling around.  The VIP tables are nicely curved around huge dance floors.  Tiers of booths and gold strip poles around swimming pools and more dance floors.  Very nice indeedy!  No line to get in, drinks fast...bouncers.. everywhere.  You gotta hit up this club when you go to Vegas!
4	XS has been the hottest club in Vegas for a while now and the massive lines to get in prove its still going strong. You either have to line up extremely early, go extremely late, or know somebody to get in. Luckily this is Vegas and the clubs stay open very late so we got in an hour past midnight without much of a line at all. The layout and design is definitely nice and lives up to Vegas standards for clubs. At first glance, it looks exactly like Tryst with an outdoor option minus the nice waterfall. But this club is a lot larger than Tryst, which you see once you step outside. You are greeted by the dance floor when you first enter and as you go outside, there's a pool for the girls to dance without their shoes and also more bars around the back. The place is extremely well ventilated and the music was pretty good. While it's a nice club, I still don't think it's as extravagant inside as Tao. Since the spaces are so wide open, there's nothing really to see in terms of design. But I suppose people go to clubs for the people, not to look around at the walls. Still, ambiance accounts for how nice a club is. It also doesn't seem like they screen for creepers here. Ladies beware.
4	Thank god we had a connection.  Felt sorry for all those people standing in line.  Friends buddy knows the owner so we just walked right in.  Place is awesome.  Because it was raining most people congregated under cover, so it was too crowded.  Played a little black jack at the pool area.  Saw some hot girls dancing with shoes off in the wading pool.Because it was so crowded, we decided to go elsewhere.We walk through Blush just to check it out on our way to "Tao".
1	Sat March 12Hotel - City Center Arias. Wow nice hotel.Haze - Not our crowd.Taos - Too crowd because of a famous DJ in town.Xs - 3 people(2 guys 1 girl) - Paid 20pp to get to front of the line.            1.5  hour wait if you want to stand in line3 =80 cover3 =42 for drinks. Waited for an hour to buy 3 drinks.That was kinda stupid.Now for the bad.At the bar outside(not at the pool-under the cabana. Bartender was piss off at something. Start bitching about being only 1 person with 2 hands. Start yelling at customers to shut the fuck up. I guess when someone ask what her problem was. She call the security and had him thrown out.Nice. XS is cool if you get bottle service. Have been there twice before and got bottle services and had a great time.Maybe the reason why she is still bartender there because they want you to get bottle services. I would not go there unless I get bottle services.Also it was hella cold outside.
3	I've been wanting to come here after hearing rave reviews from friends and have to say I just though it was OKAY.  Nothing to write home about, but I had to yelp it. =)Came over after watching the fight and had to wait in a long ass line.  It moved pretty swiftly though which I was impressed about.  Then after paying $50 for the two of us, we head on in and immediately hit the bar.  It wasn't that crowded when we got there so the service was relatively quick.  We danced for a bit but the dance floor was INSANELY crowded and all these people kept trying to weave in and out which was annoying.We decided to cool ourselves off with another drink and after going to the bar in the middle of the pool and waiting about 20 minutes with incompetent bartenders, we headed back to the main bar.  Danced a little, the place got way too crowded and we couldn't even dance anywhere, so we left.DJ was good, drinks were good, way too crowded, and the GOGOs need a little help.
5	The circumstances:Nightclub & Bar convention.I'm a manager at 105 in SF, and I train security about 200 deep in the Bay Area for dozens of clubs.Rolling with a Posse of 4 bouncers around or over 300 pounds. 2 little fellas, 220 : ) and one fine girl. Doing bottle service.I would have checked us harder. In retrospect, it would have been a mistake. Security correctly evaluated and monitored our party. Table service was excellent, bartenders were on point. Front of the house, immaculate. I hope XS monitors YELP, cause I tip my hat to you. I witnessed 2 walkouts, caught well before they got critical. On point staff, clean bathroom, attentive & unobtrusive service, (rare). Qualifiers: It was slow, (for them) maybe 1500 on the click, the whole pool area wasn't open. But I sense they can scale their efforts.Great party. High percentage of crowd having big fun.I teach security. From what I saw,your crew don't need lessons,kudos!I don't go to mega clubs, I work them. But if I have too, this is the spot.
4	They need to play more hip hop
2	I actually really don't like XS.  Don't get me wrong.  XS has got to be the nicest club I've ever seen but the crowd  and music ain't my style.  I'm more into hip hop kinda vibe rather than "jersey shore" in Vegas music.  People really killed the fist pumpin and beatin the beat thing there.  I understand the whole deal with girls getting in first and all that.  I'd  rather have more girls than guys, gives me more chances.  It took forever to get a drink, again, understandable knowing that they jam pack this place.   I guess the cosmetics of the place is wut people really like.  the dancefloor looks like a bunch of rubber ducks packed in a pool.i dunno bout this place.  everytime i go to vegas i'm virtually forced to go to XS coz of the hype.  i guess since i have such low standards i feel like I don't deserve to be in such a nice place.bottom line, if you're a true fan of hip hop, you will not like this place (but there's a lot of girls).  Get bottle service to hypin up ur experience at XS.  If you're a hater of that trance sh*t like I am, you'll definately give your friends a dirty look everytime they say they wanna go to XS. haha...
5	Best club I've ever been to period.  Super hot crowd, awesome venue.  They even have craps and blackjack at the island bar.  It was ridiculously cold outside, but they had a lot of heat lamps.  Line was long but moved pretty quickly and drinks took a while.  This is the hottest club in Vegas right now and for a good reason.  I will be back.
5	Alright again, I'm deeply sorry I have no photos! I SWEAR next time I will get some posted on here cause my dress was AMAZING!Anyway, this was my first time to a Club in Vegas and I was pretty impressed!The line was a breeze I was inside the club in less then 3 mins! The dance floor was unfortunately WAY too packed, but I still had a blast every time I headed out to the floor! Wish it was warmer so we could have grabbed a table outside, I'm looking forward to summer nights at XS!I only drank Champagne last night, next time I will try a drink.~~~~See you again XS~~~~
4	XS is probably the hottest club in vegas as of now... it's bigger than most of the clubs in vegas, other than TAO, and great ambiance with the pool view. if you're a poor guy, without hookups, its just hard to get in on busy nights.. esp if you're not going to buy a bottle. Girls pretty easy to get in if you're hot ... if not go early and might have to pay... We got there around 11:30 after dinner and walked right in since we knew the promoters, the line was like a mile long down the hotel. Met alot interesting people there.. from NBA to NFL players, again, if you're a good lookin girl, don't needmoney for drinks, theres plenty of guys who will offer you drinks at their tables.
5	The nicest, most well decorated, most popular club i've ever been to! Wow! first time i walked in this club was amazing. it's roomy and the dance floor is pretty big. I love the set  up outside. Seats in the water, and girls can splash around when they get really wasted!lol you can even gamble on a little island they have !  recently went here again for my sister's bachelorette party. Got in right away thanks to our "friend" inside. All i can say is Awesome! =)
4	Great lighting, dance floor and view of the pool. 15 minutes after we entered, I was bored and headed straight to the poker room.Douchebags aren't my cup of tea.
5	XS tops every club I've been too.  New York can't even compare.  $100 million spent to build this club and I say it's money well spent.  Clubs aren't worth $30 to get in but I would pay the cover charge every time for XS.  My friends and I got to XS at 9:50 pm and the line was crazy.  We waited about 30 mins before we got in.  Get to XS early unless you want to wait.  Inside everything is amazing.  There is a pool and you can even play blackjack there.  You can dance inside or outside at the pool.  The DJ was really good and everyone was having a good time.   Dance floor was packed but never too hot since half the club was outside.  If you're looking for a great clubbing experience in Vegas, head to XS.
5	This is my FAV!!! Love Vegas and this club has a gorgeous setup! Watch out for the pool walking thru the club though... I stepped in it... The pool is right in the middle of the club... Hard to miss, and you can't forget it's there! Got my foot all wet... And I wasn't even drunk!! Drinks here are expensive if i remember correctly... I went here last October, I just forgot to review it. Since this is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, cover cost like $30? So you want to find a promoter and make a deal with him, we got our passes for $5 each I think....
4	I always have a great time here at XS..I love the layout and design of this place!
5	The newest, hottest club in Las Vegas.  I'm in love with XS.  You walk in and just before you start walking down those stairs, take a minute to revel in the glory of the epitome of Las Vegas excess.  I swear you hear angels sing as you stand at the top of those stairs.  Everything only gets better.  Forget a long review, just go to XS and enjoy.  Dress amazing and be ready to spend lots of money.
2	I don't see what all the fuss is about.  We stayed at the Wynn one long weekend, and on Saturday night, the lobby area was SWARMING with carbon copies of barely-legals standing in a ridiculously long line in ridiculously high heels and ridiculously tight dresses just to pay whatever crazy cover charge there is to get into this place. What on earth was the appeal, i wondered.Well, we happened to get offered some tickets to get in sans-cover, so we went...regardless of the fact that I was grossly underdressed for the affair.  There were two platforms where girls were just dancing in slinky outfits for all to watch, and the whole place was set up to make me feel like I was at a meat market.  The loud thumping, the fog, the strategically placed, scantily-clad models, and the hundreds of people who looked exactly the same all getting drunk and "on the pull" (is that the British term for it?) created a very cliche club environment for me.The one cool thing was that an entire wall was missing, giving the ability to see outside and making you feel like you were at  swanky outdoor club.Perhaps I'm just not social enough to appreciate a good club when I see one, but we stayed 30 minutes and then left for some jack^2 (black and daniels, that is).
5	love! love! love! this was my third or fourth time at XS and ive had a blast every single time! its a huge place. i like being outside bc you can actually breathe and sit, which is rare for a club in vegas. The music is really good, you can hear it all the way from outside.Getting into the club is pretty crazy, unless you got awesome promoters that will just wakl you in. If not, the line gets pretty ridiculous. So make some calls and get in fast bc it is definitely worth it!The only downside would be the bar service which takes forever and a fricken day to serve you. Your best best is to find those server girls wearing all gold carrying around shots. That is the best way to get drinks bc they keep coming back to you if you tip them well. Super nice too!oh and ps for girls. there are ppl roaming around in flats and flip flops! but heels are ALWAYS cuter! and you can rest them by sitting down poolside or in one of the cabanas. but apparently it is possible!
5	Best Club i've ever been to... HANDS DOWN!I'm trying to figure out why this place works.. here's my oh-so-deep analysis:There are a few reasons people decide to leave clubs, but all those problems have solutions at XS:PROBLEM: Too stuffySOLUTION: The circulation is amazing at XS given that one whole wall is gone from the already large, high ceiling-ed club. You never feel stuffy, no matter how vigourously you dance! PROBLEM: Too sober, but too cheap to buy yo-self another drinkSOLUTION:  There is no roped off VIP section at XS, so you can freely mingle with those-who-have-table-service. Which increases the chance of you getting invited over to get plastered, for free. PROBLEM: Too pained by your shoesSOLUTION: This is probably the most unique part of XS: there is a pool area, where you can take off your shoes, take a dip, and juuuust dance.
5	Haha. I swear, XS never fails.Thankfully, I've been networking and made some connections at this club *thank you gawd* and have been able to go late, no entrance, no line...and every time I've been there I've been offered drinks by random tables/guys =) GIRLS: Trust me. If you want freee drinks allll night without really trying or asking for it...THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!!!AND the guys aren't ugly either :pI'm reminded on my birthday when friends and I were dancing (completely sober); and a random guy asked us to "drink our drinks because we can't drink anymore." When we got to the table there was a full bottle of Grey Goose and half bottle of Cristal. Lets just say I'm glad we got home ok because we were pretty smashed after that.
5	I forgot to add that I loved the dancers's fits!! so cute,glittery, and fringey!
5	I have never had a bad time here. This is Disneyland for adults. I've been to this place many times and have always left drunk out of my mind with a smile on my face. It is a huge place if your out partying in the patio. Thank you XS for the great memories! I will return soon..
4	Came here with a bunch of friends when we were visiting in town.Come before 10PM to get in line.  No guestlist but was really suprised how fast the line went.  The bouncers are not douches like other places either, they let everyone in, unlike the other places where they only let females in or a guy with 5 ladies.Its $30 for guys, $20 for girls.  Not too bad.  It was pretty chill for the first couple of hours but got packed around 12PM.  The dance floor is pretty tiny compared to the rest of the place.  Awesome outside area with the pool.  Kinda trashy that everyone tried to get their feet wet, half drunk and with shoes all over the place.The drinks were alright, although our bartender stuck our ID and credit card in her boob.  Expect long waits at the bar, there are usually only 2 bartenders and like a million people trying to get drinks.  Drinks were pretty pricey as well.The music was pretty good, although there were points where they music sucked balls.I'd def come back to XS again, the crowd was alright and was surprised there weren't too many douchy a-holes on the dance floor.
5	Besides being unbearably sexy and crackin, this is DEFINITELY the place to be if you are a "lady" (aka hoebag for the weekend) looking for free drinks shoved in your face all night long. I love going to vegas. and being a lady-hoebag-ehem- for the weekend. Having never taken the hoe-ing for drinks in vegas route before, I was surprised when walking a warmup lap around the club with a ladyfriend in tow resulted in several offers from groups of nice gentlemen to drink off their tables. I was like uh... wtf? then i was like teehee *bats lashes*Whatever, it's vegas. I hoe-bagged myself out. It's the thing to do. and ladies, when I say hoe yourself out, I do not mean give blowjobs in the bathroom in exchange for sips of cristal. I mean, Bats lashes = glass of grey goose cranberryFlash smile = 3 shots of patron with limeHair flip = bombay sapphire dirty martini, a red italian sportscar and a lifetime of arguing over whether or not to raise the kids jewish..Have fun!On the real though... perfect lighting, perfect layout, the music is pure energy. Great looking crowd, too! (you know, in case you were concerned about the attractiveness of your future half-Jewish progeny)
4	Been there twice, OVER IT.$30 average for guys to get in.... Tables are RIDICULOUSLY expensive...luckily the first time I went I didn't pay shit to get in because my friends had ordered 4 tables...But here's my problem, every year theres a new IT club. This year its XS. I love the decor and the mood....but HATE the layout of the dance area/the AMOUNT of people they let in.I GET IT! You like having 1000 people in one club to make $$$....but the point at which you spend 2/3 of your clubbing night wandering around looking for friends... you kinda get a LITTLE irritated that the night became a bust and youre tired of squishing through 200 asian groups.I love the pool area and the casino in the middle of it, but seriously, $25-50 MINIMUM bets? Who are you kidding? Lower it to $20 if you really want the "young" crowd playing games there.I overall enjoyed my experience but only because i FORCED myself to have fun... when I'm shelling out that much cash, time and alcohol with friends...I shouldn't have to do sh*t to have a good time at a Vegas club.
4	This place is still on the A list of all the vegas nightclubs. For a person who's been to most of the major nightclubs in vegas, I am still wowed by their extravagant deco and fun crowd.If you have been to this place before and was not able to get into the club bc boy:girl ratio etcetc READ ON! i am sure this review wil be helpful for you!Location: The Club is located inside encore near the pool area. If you don't know where you are going just look for signs over your head inside the casino or follow another group of people who's dressed up and ready to party!Service/Line/Guestlist: They don't have an organized GUESTLIST on weekend.  Most of the time people just wait in this super ridiculous line that wraps around the hotel!  If you have a large group of girls you can most likely get the promoter's attention and in additon, a simple conversation that involves "my group has 10+ girls or some sort of firtation" can probabaly easily get all the girls in for free.  Although the bouncer can be asses sometimes, just be patient with them if you want to save money!  It is easier if you can find a promoter near the main entrance of the club and work your magic from there!  Please don't have your whole group of girl standby and block the through traffic because the bouncer will be MAD at you! and just YELL at you until you move your whole party outa their freaking way!For Large group with BOYS/GIRLS: The bottom line is TIP! If you have more boys than girl you obviously need to tip more! If you have WAY more girl than boy you can probably sneak in the boy without costing the boys a penny (I am talking about a 10:2 ratio though).  Otherwise Tip is the way to go.  One way you can do this is to walk toward the inner "speedy line" (many people don't know this but they have a inner line that allows you to walk from the back all the way to the front).  There will be a bouncer/promoter type of guy guarding this line and this will be the person that you tip! Tip can vary though i have tipped from 20 a person (one of my friend has tipped up to 150 a person).  If you don't want to wait in line or just won a money at the nearby black jack table, this is definitely worth trying.  Just want to share my experience with you Folks bc i know we ALL hate waiting in that big fat line! The is definitely the place to be if you have never been to any nightclubs in vegas!  Felt like their music has gotten better since their opening and the people there are much cooler to hang out!One thing that can be frustrating is their bar!  I am not sure why they only hire 3 bartender for each full bar! I am talking about a bar that have 10 milion customer screaming at you for drinks! REALLY ? 3 bartenders? They really need to improve on this to make the whole experience better!If you are lucky you may encounter random people throwing tons of dollar bills in the air!!!!
4	F'in crackin!  I was here memorial day weekend 2009 and this shit was very fun!  Lots, I mean LOTS of people.  rubbing elbows with everyone, so if you're not buzzin pretty good it might get annoying.  BUT, there is tons of room outside near the pool where you can get some air, smoke, etc.  Black jack outside near the pool if you get an itch, I was near a bar every time I needed to be near a bar, so there's a good number of them scattered all over.  Lines huge, make something happen so you don't have to wait.  Although, that was then...
5	There should be a new term invented for the insomnia that is carried over from Vegas. Heck, let's do it now:Vegas-lag: noun. Inability to sleep from late night partying, gambling, stripping fun that persists upon arrival home. Vegas-lag is why you my friend are reading this review right now. So XS...as mentioned by the previous yelpers some who coincidentally happen to by my friends (although we never crossed paths at XS. Perhaps in the future though) is a place of glamour, luxury, headonism and indulgence. This club does not need promoters, it promotes itself. In fact it doesn't have a guestlist. If you don't know the right people, you are faced with a cover and a line that rivals major theme park rides. Try bribing the bouncers, I heard it works.But as serendipity would have it, a friend had a friend who had a friend that worked there. You know how that goes. We didn't really care as long as we got in without waiting and paying. And that we sure did, but I'm sure you have your connections too.Walking through the entrance towards the dance floor, the scene is breath-taking. Pink lights, bodies gyrating to the beat, high ceilings, statuesque Go-go's. If the cinematic Hollywood and vibrant Vegas had a love child it would be XS.There was a good mix of people, but Asians are very well represented. I have a theory about that but let's say everyone looked like a cousin to me. Ask me about it. Beware ladies, there's something about Vegas that brings out the inner douche bag in every man. So prepare for douche bags encroaching like roaches at night to a fallen cheeto. The dance floor is fun but packed. Imagine the orgy scene from the MATRIX--sweaty bodies moving in unison. This is XS. My preference is the poolside. We met a rapper and his attorney that night that generously shared their table with us...which led to dancing in the shallow edges of the pool, which led my friend jumping in the pool, another losing a shoe...and a douche bag offering to buy me shoes when I told him I was looking for one. This Vegas-lag is making me miss all the fun we had...
5	This place is Amazing! Living up to its name as the hottest club in Vegas at the moment. Good vibe, great look, fast service and some good looking people. As with any club there are long lines. Why complain about this people? Seriously. Its Vegas, long lines and expensive drinks are whats on the menu. But even if you do have to wait for a bit to get in, per my experience, it is well worth it. We hit the club on Friday night, the line to get in was orderly and organized. The door guys were friendly and helpful. The line was insanely long, needless to say our group got ushered to the front after giving the door guy a $200 tip. That's the way the town works. If its going to get you in quicker and avoid the long wait, why not. -Good music-Great crowd-Fast Service-Helpful staff-Beautiful clubThis place was tons of fun. Like with any other club, drinks go for near $20. But again, its Vegas. Everything is overpriced. Go, have fun, spend some cash, its worth it. Good music and lots of beautiful ladies = a good time.
5	HAD craZy fun!! Went to XS this past weekend and it was great!  The line was freakin long- but worth the wait! Inside was beautiful & a great mix of house & hip hop (wish it was ONLY house/Trance!)     and wow- there were so many beautiful gals everywhere...enjoy
5	Hands down, XS is one of the best and hottest nightclubs in Vegas. Walking into the club, my mouth dropped a I was hypnotized by the outdoor dance area around the pool. The ample white decor and furniture made me feel like I was in nightlife heaven. Really. After coming here, it made me sad to know SF nightclubs are lacking. :(
5	The best club I have ever been to. This place stomps on all other clubs. Pros:-It's super huge-There are places to chill-There are places to dance-Love that the poles are less trashy because they are lamps-The set up is amazing-A swimming pool?! Yes!-Bottle Service all around-Strawberries and chocolate with champagne! Yes!-Super efficient bathroom line. Girls you know this is super necessary. Cons:-No guestlist. -Doorman was kind of a dick and not helpful in the daytime.-Hostess was cool and then not so coolThe best night in Vegas. The lines get long so get here early.
1	The club itself may be deemed "the best club in LV," but the SERVICE IS HORRIBLE.  Dino the manager of XS has NO sense of respect for his customers.  Yeah, I understand there are teeny boppers trying to get into the club but IT'S INEVITABLE!!!  This guy Dino is DEFINITELY NOT "MANAGER" material.  He is straight up power-trippin and does NOT know how to diffuse situations with a classy manner.  Yelling and cursing at his own customers is a definite NO.  HE's the idiot for losing his customers.
5	HANDS down the BEST club I have ever been to in my entire life! For one, I got on the guestlist- so my girls and I got in for free! 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7... THE LIST GOES ON... XS you amaze me! YOUR creation is a BIG upgrade from TRYST! I LOVED MY EXPERIENCE!
4	XS is nothing short of stunning. This nightclub is aptly named as everything is seriously in excess.Check out this beautiful picture of the pool. Wow!http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/9wi2sjt7DqxocVEleO-_MQ/lAMBIANCE - 5When I first walked in I literally stopped to take everything in and could not close my jaw. The dance floor, bars, and outside area are illuminated by a variety of soft neon and natural lights, there are huge statues everywhere, and there is a huge pool in the center that captures everyone's attention. (especially those who are drunk enough to jump in and get kicked out.) They also have beautiful ladies doing things on stages and poles around the dance floor and near the pool which is erm... always fun. COVER -4Men are usually $30 and women are $20, which is decent for an upscale Vegas club. If you buy tickets from random vendors on the strip, you can get in for about $2-3 bucks a person! My friends and I did this, so we had some "extra money" left over for drinks.THE BARS - 4http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/RDU9ch-Duz-P05Ik16r_kw/lPicture of one of the bars ^^^The bartenders are almost as polite as they are efficient, occasionally smiling during their blitz of drink making. Drinks are expensive but hey, it's Vegas. AMF's are $16 bucks each with shots running a little cheaper. Don't get carried away in all of your fun, it really adds up. (That is why flasks and pre-gaming  were invented!)THE DANCEFLOOR - 3.5http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/RHyfezuyZdQz5_5xDZo1Cw/lPicture of the dance floor ^^^The music was a little off, probably to cater to the diverse crowd. No matter what you like or dislike, you will be unhappy for some time during the night, as the music is played in strange "blocks." They mashed up some weird techno beats for 30 minutes, which we hated, and then transitioned into Nirvana before finally getting into some hip hop club songs for another 30 minutes. The floor itself is CROWDED to the max with energetic patrons mostly in their 20's and early 30's flailing around with the help of some good drinks. Even when the songs are bad, the floor is never clear. Choose a spot and commit, and be sure to have a meeting point, as this club is huuuge and texting on the floor to find your chums is not very effective. Overall, I had a great time and ended up going twice. My friends and I will probably go back if we ever return to the City of Sin!
5	HANDS DOWN! BEST CLUB IN LAS VEGAS.Everytime I go here, I always have my best nights in Vegas. I love the upbeat atmosphere, the crowd, music, dancefloor, the drinks..you name it!Unlike the most of the other clubs in Vegas, there is an large outdoor section near the dancefloor. Nice breezeeeeeBut when you first walk in to XS, you are speechless and your jaw seriously drops and you cannot help but scream and go absolutely wild. There are lights flashing everywhere, statues, a pool, a center stage, and people just going nuts.If you take a trip to Vegas, XS baby, XS.
5	i hit up xs two nights back to back. 'nuff sed?TIP: invest in bottle service with a larger crowd. two bottle minimum for our crowd came out at approx. 500 each, 1300 including tip = no cover, if you get there around 1030 theres no line, and a large/plush table to relax at after swerving all night (regardless of whether or not you've finished your bottles) do the math, its vegas and your gonna spend atleast 2 bills each so its def. worth it... waitresses are F-I-N-E and the service was excellent! SHOUT OUT to ELIZABETH! we'll definitely be back, sweetie!VENUE:XS is a larger club, tables located in a circular area facing the middle dance floor. located across the dance floor is the pool area which is only open fri/sat. when its not open, i feel terrible for that lone go-go dancer all the way in the boonies dancing by herself! :( (fall in and get wet = bounced out of the club asap.)  speaking of getting bounced out, don't knock out!  not even on someones shoulder because you'll literally BE OUT haha! they mostly mob HOUSE, electronica, trance, techno, and mash-ups of TOP 40s..MONDAY NIGHTS = INDUSTRY NIGHT.. DJ WAS WAY BETTER, top 40's and hip hop with occasional HOUSE.. way more people on monday than sunday night.. and the music was better. XS got it right, everything on the same level whereas TAO you have to walk upstairs..CROWD: XS definitely has the higher end on the beauty scale of girls in las vegas. although some of them aren't as crazy, definitely eye candy all around. mostly asian girls, but who's really complaining?DRINKS: 1st night, bottle service. bottles started at 445 but our goose was 485? only came back the 2nd night because we got in FOR FREE, but drinks were vegas expensive. @ one of the hottest clubs in the world, 10 beers, 12-14 shots, and 16 amfs? worth every penny. not the strongest drinks i've ever had and definitely not the fastest.. the two bars located on each side serving the entire crowd is such a failure. XS get AT LEAST two MORE bars please!FACILITIES: high ceilings = more aired out venue and harder to get schweaty when getting my dance on. CLEAN bathrooms, overstocked with mints, cologne, smokes, and never had to wait for a urinal.  first time seeing anti-splash pads inside a urinal, but they definitely saved my slacks that night..hands down one of the best clubs i've ever been do. with some of the most beautiful ladies in one of the craziest cities? 5 STARS, hollaaa
3	XS has all the hype, positive reviews, and word of mouth recommendations. In addition to all the positive testimonials, I already had experienced Wynn's Tryst and had a good time, so I naturally only expected better for my first visit to XS. Let's just say in the end, I was slightly disappointed. I didnt hate the place afterwards, but I didnt love it. Would I go again? Maybe, but i would definitely wait in line and pay a cover for a place I know I've enjoyed in the past, like Tryst or Tao.Getting in:XS is opened from Friday through Monday. It's one of the few clubs open on Monday night in Vegas. I had already witnessed the RIDICULOUS lines for XS on Saturday and Sunday night, so I planned it so our party would go in on Monday, hoping this would be the slowest night. Luckily for us, it was! It was, by no means, SLOW, but the line was like a 15 minute wait. Customers who are staying at Encore can get in for 10 dollars (female or male). Fortunately, we utilized the services of a promoter and got ourselves on a guest list that allowed us in for free. The bouncers weren't more rude or anal than expected, and that's basically all you can ask for in terms of service at a night club. Free admission + short wait + hottest club in Vegas = so far so good, right?....Wrong...Music/AtmosphereWhen I walked down the stairs and I got a wide view of the club...one thing struck me - "this looks just like Tryst!" I honestly feel it's almost IDENTICAL. Same staircase that opens up to the club, same open air dancefloor facing a body of water outside, same bar areas located on the right and left of the club. I liked Tryst, so it didn't bother me a whole lot that XS looked pretty much the same. The main problem is associated with the music. Now, I admit I went in unaware if there was a special event or a special DJ, but the music was not something I could dance to aka mostly techno. I heard XS rotates music selection every hour or so, but I was there for over 2 hours and did not get much change from the same ol techno. Of course, please disregard this flaw if you are into techno and like such music in the club. But for most of the clubbers out there, I would confidently say that they prefer pop/hiphop be played and I got none of that on my XS trip. The crowd:Mixed, no particular type of club hopper stood out to me. Really packed, but nothing out of the ordinary. I squeezed my way successfully through to the dance floor and to the bar with no problem.Overall, XS was eh. It was nothing special. Tryst has everything this place has minus the techno music. I'm not exactly sure where the hype emerges from other than being one of the newest clubs in Vegas. Sure, I know it is very much possible I went on a bad night and I am completely open to that idea. However, in my mind, why risk getting disappointed by a place that already has disappointed you the first time when you can go to a club that ensures your night life happiness (ahem Tao.)
5	Hands down BEST CLUB IN LAS VEGAS, dont waste your time going anywhere else.  This place bleeds luxury and sexyness.  Its huge, beautiful, new, simply the best, and too much fun.  The music is great, the crowd is stoked because the club is so nice and its just a great experience everyone should check this place out..  I felt like a prince in this place, top of the chain service very mixed crowd met people from all over the world here....the pools pretty cool I wonder if you can swim in it just a bunch of girls with there feet standing in the 4 inch standing part pretty cool...
4	4.5 stars this is the best night club i've ever been to in terms of venue.As you can see from everyone else's photos the venue is HUGE, BEAUTIFUL, and AMAZINGLY well decorated!  As you walk into XS you automatically feel like you are VIP guest.  The pool, the lights, the cushions..everything is just jaw dropping.Cover: 20 for ladies and 30 for men.  These prices are actually not that bad considering how nice the place is.  DOn't be fooled by the people on the street!  This one guy told us that we could use these passes that he gave us for both saturday and sunday...but when we got to the door saturday night, the bouncer told us we could only use the pass on sunday. =(Music: this was one of the lamest aspects..they would always play blocks of different genres..techno, hip hop, oldies, etc.  Wasn't a huge fan of any genre besides the hip hop so waiting for another hip hop song seemed like an eternityDrinks: another downside to the club...SUPER DUPER expensive..it was 16 for a tokyo tea! ahhh!
5	If I had to wait in that damn line, then there is no way that XS would get a 5 star from me.  In fact, if I had to wait in line, it wouldn't even get a star!!!! (duh because I didn't get to experience it, silly!)The line is freakin' ridiculous and I refuse to wait in that damn thing.  Is it worth it though?  Yes!  The club is gorgeous and there is a pool in there for you to dance in!  Actually, you can't go too deep, but it is nice to soak your feet in the water after a long night of dancing in 5 inch heels.  I must warn you though... soaking your feet in the water will cause it to expand so don't be surprised if your shoes don't fit afterwards.  LOL!There are table games inside of the club.  Yeah... when the girls and I were dancing our butts off, the guys sort of ditched us for the craps table.  Whatever though because my Husband came up, so he has my blessings and my purses'!  :DThe only thing that I hated was the fact that it was TOOOOOO crowded.  I swear I felt like I was going to pass out trying to make it to the door to leave.  Don't be surprised if you walk past a nasty couple with someone's hands up someone's skirt.  Yes, this did happen and apparently, its the norm because security didn't do anything about it.  Who am I kidding?  He was probably enjoying it!  YUCK.Still gets a five star though because I didn't have to wait in line and I had a great time and my Husband won some money and I got y dance on and got a free show (lol).TIP:  Don't believe when they say that EVERYONE has to pay.  Ladies... just go to the front of the club earlier in the day and try to talk to whomever is at the door.  Ask if there is a way to get in free or get on the list.  If you have on the right amount of mascara and you have a cute smile, I am sure that they will be able to work something out.  As for the guys... either grow a set of breasts or good luck to yah!
5	Still my favorite club. It gets crowded, but there's still a lot of room. There's plenty of bathrooms (girls, you know what I'm talking about!) so you don't have to wait long.The outdoor area is fabulous and you can just hang out with all your friends. It would suck if there was no outdoor area. The only bad thing is the REALLLLLY long line to get drinks. Just buy 10 drinks (for yourself) at a time and take shots at the bar. And of course, there are a lot of Asians. If you don't want to go to an overflowing with Asians club then go somewhere else.
5	Checked out the grand opening in January 2009, and it was way crowded.  Open bar until 12am, I believe.  We waited up at the room in Encore until the crowd died down.  When we got there it was still packed, but the layout allows for it to not be too uncomfortable.  I never feel like I'm being a herded cattle at this venue, which is thumbs way up for a nightclub in Vegas.  Drinks were expensive, but that was expected.  $8 bottled water is a little shocking though.  All in all, I absolutely love this place!  Bottle service is the way to go, especially once the drinks kick in and people in your party want to get their dance on @ the elevated areas around the seats & not to mention dancing poles.  Last month a few girl friends and I went out and got comp'd a nice bottle of champagne (awesome to have friends in the local industry!) nicely paired w/ strawberries at our table.  Always better to have a table to have somewhere to sit at clubs in Vegas.  Actually, it's just better to be a female in Vegas... You'll probably end up getting somewhere to sit/free drinks/VIP service, etc.  Sorry guys!  A little later into the night, few of my girl friends got in without much hassle or having to pay cover.  Overall XS is gorgeous... kind of like an upgraded version of Tryst. Can't wait to see what Encore has in store for the new Surrender nightclub opening up later this year.
5	Looking for a club to go to in Vegas? This place is probably one of the better clubs in sin city.DECOR: 5/5MUSIC: 4/5So the cover here was 20 for females, 30 for males. Not bad, for a club in Vegas. I wish I knew someone though. (Don't we all? Haha).This place is well lit (which is nice because I want to actually see where I'm going). The place is quite colorful and very upscale-looking. The highlight is definitely the pool area, which has lounges right nearby and in the water. The whole place looked amazing. The club is connected to the outside (where the pool area is), which gives off the major source of air for the club. So, you can actually breathe! Also, the people who go here seemed to be more dressy compared to the other clubs.The only downside was the music. Most of the time it was good, but I noticed the beats got repetitive after awhile. Either way I had fun. As for the drinks, they are expensive! 16 bucks for a shot. But then again, it's Vegas, so I guess it's "okay." I would definitely come here again when I go to Vegas. I hope it's not as packed next time! (Yeah... right). The cover isn't bad, and you can just chill outside and get fresh air when you don't want to be packed like a sardine on the dancefloor.
5	what a GORGEOUS club. i love the in and out privileges and the gogo dancers are hot!i don't know how much cover is considering i got in free:). the wait was short and the bouncers are friendly UNLIKE most bouncers at other clubs. the music was really good but i can tell a lot of people were WTF? cuz it was mainly top 40's mashed up with house beats. i really enjoyed it though:)i love the outside area and it's really nice that there are plenty of places to sit. the only downside is that they definitely need more bartenders. i waited about 30 minutes to order drinks on one side of the bar and then moved to the other bar and squished my tiny asian ass in and ordered drinks within 5 minutes. definitely not worth waiting because there are 999999 people waiting for drinks and literally only....1 bartender. WTF?probably coming back but definitely will predrink before. no way in hell am i waiting in line for drinks while my feet are blistered up from dancing in 4 inch heels on the dance floor and then dancing on the cement in the pool lol. beautiful pool however:)
5	Having been to most of the hot spots in Vegas, I can confidently state that XS is the most seductive, and apparently - the only one worth taking my time to write a review about. The space is massive and open (housing thousands comfortably), and spills outdoors into the pool area which you can dip into, if you're so inclined. This is the kind of club where absolutely anything can happen. Create your own fantasy and play them out here...you've got a full supporting cast...If you have a penchant for mischief, debauchery, hedonism, and stripper poles - XS is your Garden of Eden.
5	I've been to many clubs.  This club is very nice indeed.  Definitely one of the best in my list.  Huge, spacious, lavish, luxurious, filled with beautiful people, tons of hot girls too.  Yup, this is how you roll in Vegas!Price: $20 girls, $30 guys.  Doors open at 9pm.  Tip: go early, once the place starts popping, they up the price for guys to $50 dollars.Only gripe was the DJ, wish they played more club beats.
5	658 reviews? I think I shall add one more...Everything positive about this club is true...truly the most lavish, luxurious and unique club I have ever stepped foot in.One thing that I don't think others have mentioned very much is the fact that you don't feel like a lame-ass for not getting bottle service here. You know how at Pure you are herded around like cattle and have to resort to sitting on the ladies' room counter when your feet ache? The blurred line between VIP & non-VIP alone makes this club 10x above the rest...why do I want to go on a vacation and have a tainted experience only because I refuse to pay $1000+ for bottle service?Well done, XS...well done.
5	XS Nightclub is RIDICULOUS! It didn't take long to get in even though my boyfriend and I got in line only 10 minutes before they opened. They had 3 separate lines. There's no guest list most days because the club is so crackin but the lines move quickly. Once I stepped in, oh my gosh, the music is CRAZY loud with heavy bass and it's seriously PACKED. It's super expensive for drinks but honestly for the experience you get, it's totally worth it.  I think that bottle service is a good thing for a glammed up place like this because just a small bottle of water is $8!! So if you go in a group of friends, I'd definitely get bottle service! Getting in line for drinks or bathroom is a journey but also well worth it. I don't know about the guy's bathroom but for ladies, there are 2 escorts to walk you to your stall, and 1 employee handing you towels. By the lovely sinks and mirrors are lotion, hairspray, brushes, etc so doll ourselves up which I thought was adorable! I used some of the hairspray haha. The music here is the absolute best that I have ever heard. This place is HUGE. I've never seen a place so big. The dancefloor leads you outside where there is another bar, pool, beds, chairs, VIP sections. It's such a glamorous place. I had such a great time here, EVERYONE NEEDS TO GO! THIS IS THE SPOT ON THE STRIP. Just stay patient when it gets crowded, don't lose your drink!
5	I thought I had reviewed this before, I guess not. Last time I was here, I would have given it a 3/5. Mainly just because the music was horrible, we went on a Saturday. Too much oonts oonts euro techno club trash. This time around however, we went on a Friday. I don't know if the day of the week that you go makes a difference or not, but this time it was perfect! The decor is FABulous! The place is huge, and no matter where you are, be it inside on the dance floor, at a booth, by the pool, laying on one of the beds, or in the bathroom this club is sure to impress you. The staff is great. We did not have any problem getting drinks at the bars. They have several throughout. Inside, and outside. Of course they were like a bajillion dollars each, but what do you expect from a club in Vegas?? The cover I think is $30 for guys and $20 for girls. My girlfriends and I did not have to pay a cover. Just look around, and talk to people. And clubs are always trying to get lots of girls in their venues, so I suggest looking for a promoter especially if you're just in a group of girls. I def. recommend this place to one and all! Def. something you need to experience for yourself.  I will def. be coming back here next time I'm in town. Also, if you look online I think you can get on the guest list. But it has to be like a week in advance. It's worth a try! And finally, for the most part everyone tends to look a bit nicer for this place. Which is nice.
5	LOVE this spot. It's the hottest spot in Vegas at the moment and everybody coming to Vegas must hit up XS.Everything is glam about this place w/a modern 70's twist (the gold glitz and classy decor, and the go-go dancers' gold sequin dresses). Its sister club, Tryst, had a big hit with the stripper pole, well XS stepped it up and added it all over the place... and both girls and guys love the stripper poles -- it's just alot of fun! Again, everything about this place is glam, sexy (not trashy). Bouncers have been nice except for the ones that run the door... it's their job to be assholes =)This place has a huge pool so I can't wait until the rumored night pool parties!Like any other place in Vegas, don't go during holidays -- it's the worst experience. You won't have fun even if you have a table because when you want to walk around it will be elbow to elbow and can't get anywhere. Vegas during holidays in general is just a nightmare.Drinks here are pricey, but what club in Vegas isn't? Line is always long so either know somebody or get in line early.I've been here Fri - Mon and they have all been fun. I believe Monday is Industry Night... the best days of course are Fri & Sat
5	there is currently no equal to XS at the moment. venue = awesomemusic = amazingthat's all that needs to be said.
5	once you step foot into this club you will understand all the rave reviews for this place! i don't think any club could top the wow factor of XS. don't bother going anywhere else after coming here.. because nothing else in vegas has the same WOW factor right now.
5	You know what I like about this place? Even if you don't get uber expensive bottle service, don't have ratio, you can still get in this club. If you get there at 10, you usually get into the club at 10:40 and on a busy weekend, you'd get in at 11:20. At least you're pretty much guaranteed to eventually get in though. And there seems to be plentiful of females in there :-D. I don't think you need bottle service at this place, plenty of places to sit and everything is so spacious. The place is HUGE. The outside area is for lounging, and inside is for dancing.The music is pretty wack. It goes from Hip hop to house back to hip hop. The DJ doesn't seem to know what he's doing in terms of music. However, everyone just really bumps and grinds it, so I don't think anyone really cares.There was one time where they closed the outside area. Without the outside area, XS totally sucks and I wouldn't recommend going. But if the pool area is open, this place is crazy beyond belief. You can even jump into the pool to soak your feet or dance with any of the females you usually see in there :).
4	XS would have been perfect in my book if they played better music. I love house but when I want to go out with my friends and dance the heck out of the night, house usually isn't my choice of poison. XS is absolutely gorgeous and ginormous! There is a huge dance floor in the center, which is the only main dance floor so it does get kinda packed. Surrounding it is the bar and tables for people. Large dance floor leads to the outdoor patio that leads to the pool and more bars. Basically just the fabulous place you want to be at but it's not too packed that you feel like a sardine in a can!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas. My first experience was back in December for a friend's birthday. Although I don't remember most of the night, I know I had a good time. We had bottle service, but there were 20+ people at our table. You'd think they would have given us a bigger table knowing how big our group was, but NO... Obviously, it was a bit crowded, especially since our table was right by the dance floor, and the outside was closed off because of the cold weather.If you plan on going to XS, make sure it's in the spring/summer, because that's when the outdoor area is open. I was just there this past Saturday night, and it was an amazing experience. We did get bottle service again, but this time we got a cabana. It was located on the second level outside, where we had an amazing view of pretty much the entire club. The staff was very accommodating to us (maybe because they knew one of my friends is the "cousin" of one of the waitresses there, which is how we got the reservation in the first place!). If you plan on getting bottle service there, go for a cabana instead of a table by the dance floor. There are also beds lined around the pool in the outdoor area that looked pretty decent. Maybe next time...
5	The most stunning, extravagant, upbeat premise i've ever stepped into. it feels like a whole new world the moment you pass through the golden doors. go to XS to make your vegas trip worthwhile! once you step into XS, your standard of a night club will drastically change...it's even incomparable to others in Vegas.the club has an opened patio with a gorgeous pool and lounging area. this club is worth going to because you don't need to pay for a table to have a great time. even if you have a big group, you can still grab a lounging area for yourself outside without the extra cost. there is ALOT of space outside. usually indoors are crowded but the lounging area by the pool doesn't get too packed. it's worth it!
3	I've been to XS once, and it was OK. It's a nice looking club, definitely has a lot of room. BUT, it's your typical hyped-up Vegas club, with everyone putting on a front with egos to match (supposedly, every guy is a multi-millionaire with a Bentley, and every girl is a supermodel with her own clothing line.......yeah....sure) The world could have ended before we got our drinks, and the staff are a bunch of stiffs. These cavemen act like they are secret service agents for the President. The music was typical top 40 mixed in with techno; just turn your radio on, you will hear everything there. I did like the fact that they had blackjack tables which were a nice addition, and the outdoor pool was pretty cool. All in all it was an OK experience, nothing special to me other than the decor was cool. I could care less for the egotistical people and the long lines.
4	My favorite nightclub in Vegas and I don't like clubs. We really enjoyed being outside by the pool without 9000 idiots knocking into you all the time like most of the over crowded spots on the Strip. We won't be coming here every weekend but a couple times a year with friends in town would be OK with me.
5	So like, take your normal club atmosphere with the meathead bouncers at the door and times that by 10 and you have the door at XS.... you can expect the stand over here stand over there bit, but I know someone higher up at the club who gets me in and in the 2 minutes it takes him to get out to the door, ive already been in more lines than I knew existed...  with that being said, you walk into the club with a nice staircase and grand entrance where the club completely opens up...  its super nice, well worth the rumored 100 mill.... gaming on the pool deck, tables which most of them face the dance floor and a killer atmosphere.... The bouncers inside the club were great for us... someone decided they wanted to put their hands on my wife and before I could react, 3 bouncers reacted and peaced the guy out of the club...   ive had an amazing time everytime we have been there!  definitely a must see.
5	Sorry PURE, you've been dethroned, its been a great few years.This is simply the nicest, most decadent club I've ever been to.My friends were pissed about 30 dollar entrance(its Vegas, who cares??As soon as we entered, all 15 of them turned to me "Oh, OK!!!"The Decor alone is worth the trip. Blows everything awayThere was virtually no line at all, and it was a Friday, 15 mins tops.Staff was cool, great crowd, good vibes, outdoor pool dropped jaws as well.Only complaint my friends had all night was that it was too BIG, people got lost here and there during the night...Blame it on the alcohol! :)I'm definitely coming here every Vegas trip for sure!
4	Best decor in Vegas.  Incredible blend of indoor club feel with a more relax outdoor area.The only reason why it doesn't get a 5 is because the bars are extremely crowded and seem to be understaffed.  It took 20 minutes for me to get a drink with only 1 person in front of me waiting at the bar.
5	Oh XS! How do I begin...This is Seriously the best club I have EVER been to. I didnt have any problems with bouncers or anything.. I was given the opportunity to cut the line.. but i did had to pay the 20 Dollar cover.. My Boyfriend and his friends went early and got in with no problems and their cover was 30.. not too bad for a Vegas club.. I guessI went back in Feb. but The memories are still Fresh in my mind.  got in and all I could do was look  around at the Lovely Decor! Plenty of Stripper Poles! inside was kind of crowded but outside...OUTSIDE... You can DANCE in the POOL! I mean, at what club can you do that??? I can't wait to go back when its 101 degrees outside (at midnight)... anyways.. there is tons of walking/dancing room outdoors and if you look hard enough. you'll find the blackjack table on the other side of the pool. All in all I had a great time.. the Music was on point but the drinks were like 12+ and I mean $12 for the Lemon Drop Shot I had..Best Advice... Pre Party or drink in the lobby before you get in line... XS I can't wait to see you again!
1	WORST CLUB EXPERIENCE EVER!  Do not go here.  The people that work there are some of the RUDEST people I've ever met.  I tried to ask a question regarding table reservations, every single person that worked there flat out ignored me, they wouldn't even acknowledge me.  Then, I had stepped out of line to see if we could go in w/ my friend who had a table...they would not let me back in line even though my friends were there waiting. They stating I had to go all the way to the end after waiting for almost an hour.  Seriously, avoid this place!!!!  I WILL NOT GO BACK!
5	I have to agree with many on here that this was the best Vegas nightclub I've been too. The line was organized, but the only problem i had was when I went to the restroom (before the club) and when I went back in line, the (power-hungry) security lady got mad at me for going under the ropes of the line when a bunch of my friends were there. After that little situation, it was all good. Gotta love a club where stripper poles are available for drunk girls (like me) to dance on. Lol.I loved the music and the lights. Although it was kind of crowded on the main dance floor, once I stepped outside to the pool area I was quickly refreshed and ready to dance again. My friend and I went over to the bar by the pool, and it took a while for the bartender to serve us, but it didn't matter cuz the atmosphere is so nice, I was just dancing while waiting. Too Short ended up showing up to the club later on, and sang an oldie.. "blow the whistle." My friends and I all had a great time dancing, and getting danced on (lol) at this club. I definitely want to go here again.Oh, btw.. my profile pic is from XS. The couple in the background are getting down! lol
4	one of the top clubs in Vegas where you can get in relatively easily.  it has great decor and having the poolside area puts a nice touch.  of course drinks are Vegas prices so don't be shocked when you check your credit card statement on your way home.music is pretty good and changes throughout the night.  place parties hard and parties harder as the night goes on.  don't get caught being too tipsy or they will give you the boot.  maybe just on slower nights when they can pick you out.  (experience with some friends)always a favorite and I'll always be back.
5	When asking the local staff around the different casinos if they could recommend a popular nightclub, XS and Tryst always seems to come up. Regardless if I'm at the Wynn or not. Their tips to get in line around 9PM on weekend nights were a good one, as there was already a line but it was manageable. For girls with stilletos that would prefer not to get stuck standing in them for that long, guys are your best friend =). Yes there is an entrance fee but you can pay it with credit card in case you underestimated your cash, and yes the tables around the main dancefloor are bottle service only. I love the layout of this place, the huge chandelier over the main dancefloor, which opens up almost directly in front of the pool. The gogo dancers on either side swaying to the beat. Now if only the pool wasn't off limits. Nothing looks more inviting on a warm summer night after downing a couple of drinks. There is a really good mix of attractive guys and girls here, especially the girls. Little black and flowy silk dresses, 4 1/2 heels, plunging necklines and short, short hems. And of course, the pool surrounds a bar area and several gambling tables. You know, in case you didn't get enough of it around the rest of the city. Mixed drinks average $10+, that's before you ask them to mix it with premium alcohol, and on top of that, the drinks are small. But what the hell, it's Vegas after all. Yet another reason not to check your credit card balance until after you get back. Awesome place to dress to the nines, get a little wild in a trendy, beautiful setting, down a couple of drinks, and dance the night away.
4	REEEDiculous scene.  Huge, indoor and outdoors, beautiful people...hottub to soak feet in when they hurt from dancing.  The drunk-guy-that-jumps-into-the-pool-in-Vegas cliche will come true here.The only negative is that someone took $220 out of my purse here and I think it was a security guard.  On the plus side, s/he left me a $20 to get home...
5	i did not think i'd like XS (not much of a club-goer), but yeah.... this place is super fun! good music, good vibe, good crowd, outdoor blackjack tables. Come with girls and get pretty, so you can skip that ridiculously long line to get in. 2 major cons: drinks are weak, and it takes FOREVER to get one as well (they need to hire more bartenders).
5	Best club ever.   Best club ever.    That's right... I said it twice.     Yeah I'm 40 yrs old and go out past midnight about twice a year, so when I say this is a place not to be missed - I mean it!!We had passes from the hotel concierge so we skipped the awfully long line - would suggest it strongly if you're staying at Wynn or Encore.TIP - Try to drink a bit beforehand, but not too much to be sloppy when it's your turn to go in.   They may turn you around!!    Drinks are expensive and hard to come by (Long waits at bar).
5	Yaaay!! my fav night club in Vegas hands down the vibe is always amazing the music is always on point and the people are amazing! i love vegas but especially for this club. Get there early though because the place fills up fast!
5	I love the lay out of this club. It reminds me of a nightclub from a 1930's movie.  It has a super organized entrance. The cover was steep, but worth it for such an enjoyable experience. The dance floor is half inside and half outside. The pool area looks like it would be amazing in the summer, but it was too cold to be outside the night we went. I would go here every night I was in Vegas, if my group would let me.  The only annoying thing is all the rap music that it started playing at midnight, but it seems like most clubs in Vegas do the same.
5	For Vegas clubs, this has to be by far the best one in town. Thankfully if you're staying at encore you can buy a pass that gets you pass the line that stretches all the way to the casino floor at times.Inside it setup like a concert venue with the dance floor being the main stage, and the couches lined up all around it so everyone can see it.Outside you've got some seating, the pool, another bar, and even some blackjack tables ($100) if you need a break from the crowds inside.If you're a guy, just buy a table because drinks are not cheap plus you'll get in faster and not have to fight through the bar crowd. The night we went there must have been 7 bachelorette parties going on at the same time, and it seemed most had their own tables so i guess girls get bottle service too.
5	I have heard alot about this place and my friends and I all made plans to go. At the last minute there was a potential change of plans and we were going to go elsewhere, others in my group collectively said hell no we must go to XS. So after one of our friends pulled some strings and got in touch with a host we decided to party here after all ( had to pop some bottles though). So we are led to our cabana/table out by the pool, it was a pretty decent spot. Our waitress was super sweet and nice. This place actually really lives up to the hype. I liked the decor and set up of the place and having the pool in the middle with blackjack tables in the back is okay, but I resisted the temptations of playing. Overall I would give this place a solid 4.8 rating. After we were done popping bottles some of us stayed behind and bought drinks at the bar in the back, they had 2 bartenders serving like 30 people that were waiting, so it took forever. Also they had these waitresses coming around with shots, they are doing their job but if I said no the first 3x, I will probably say no again. But yea this place is worth visiting, and you can add it to your list of yea I partied there before places.
1	Disappointing!Kalani had over promised and under delivered... He told me to  be there by 1030 pm to get the table i wanted since there's no such thing as rsvp. We arrive @945, and was in by 1015... I originally wanted a table outside, but close enough to the dance floor. Some how we were seated way in the back... so what's the point of telling us to arrive early? We even asked if we can purchase a total of 5 btls for them to move us and they said no bc the other tables were reserved? WHAT HAPPENED TO THE NO RSVP? SO i addressed this issue to Kalani, he said sorry and that we were suppose to get a cabana and that he'll be right over to help us.. this was at 1055pm... he didn't show up until 1am and said there's a table inside and if we WANTED to move, it'll be an additional 200 bucks? WTF, u fucked up on our table, over promised and then ur gonna charge to move us where we were suppose to be to begin with? WTF is that? Oh mind u we had already spent $6k! What a fucken way to treat ur guest!!!!!!Oh another thing is, one of the other host before settling for KALANI  said, in these exact words "alochol purchases, arrival time, and discretional host gratuity are the factors that determine table location" WHAAAAA so we gotta tip the host too to get a table we want? WTF XS u aint all that than a bag of chips..... SAT US NEXT TO OLD ASS MEN WHO ONLY HAD 2 BTLS PSSHHHHHH.. u dont want our business.... we'll take it else whereI LOVE HOW U TREAT UR PAYING CUSTOMERS! DOUCHE FUCKEN LORDS!
5	Super fun place to be on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.  Great atmostphere, plenty of room, great music, casino tables poolside, what more could you need.  They were a bit stingy on the mixed drinks, but that's easily remedied by ordering straight up.  Try to get a casino table early so you can get a lower minimum.
4	This is what I call a Club! The bay area needs something like this!I went here 2 nights in a row Spring break weekend. Friday and Saturday night. The line was crazy long! Thank god someone hooked me up.  If you are a girl, there's a girl line! Boys, I'm sorry.Tip them if you want VIP + cover.Go gamble first before coming in. Free drinks outside. You might win a few bucks too. Or lose, but hey, it's Vegas!  Drinks as always, is expensive in LV.I love the bathroom here! It's very nice and clean. And the attendant in there are super nice.If you go here on a windy night, make sure you stay inside, it's cold outside. Girls in the pool knee length only. Boys, sorry again; you'll get kicked out.For the hard core gamblers, you can gamble inside in the middle of the pool! Min is $25 on most table and you probably can get a few girls if you win big.
5	I should pre warn you before you head here that life will never be the same after you party at XS. Yes you will be sitting at work weeks later thinking of how soon you can get back to Vegas...Made my 2nd trip to XS about 2 weeks ago while on vacation with the girls. Thankfully my friends and I had a little luck with being set up with a promoter for XS and we were walked right in VIP style. Yes, thank you, I don't have time for lines and covers when drinking and dancing all night is on my personal agenda. We get inside make the rounds in awe again, this place is so gorgeous and that's not something I would think people say very often about a club. However, its the first thing that comes to mind when you walk in here, down the stairs and look out over the pool and the gardens outside. We made it out to the bar I bought a round of 4 drinks..$55 later...I am back inside trying to squeeze through the crowd on the dance floor...and ignore all the invites from the guys at the cabanas, yes its a tough life, but someone has to do it. Its only 11pm and this place is packed wall to wall and I don't see I single empty booth. I would have to say there is no where else in Vegaseven worth going out to after you've been here. Eventually made friends with a Bachelor party and partied all night with them. Came to the conclusion I will never let my fiance/husband go to Vegas.  The best part of Vegas is you can pull just about anything here and no one cares. My friends and I were literally standing above the booth dancing the entire time.  Actually, eventually other people across form us started dancing on top of their booth too. Partied till 4am the DJ played hip hop/remixes the whole time. The dance floor never cleared out and the crowd never died down.  I walked out of there checking the time on my phone because there was no way 5 hours had flown by that quickly. Nor was there anyway all these people were still up partying at 4am!  Best night out ever hands down. The vibe here is incredible! I love the music, the drinks, the hot guys and girls! Two weeks later back to reality, and my friends and I still text practically on a daily basis while we sit at work " get me out of here, take me back to XS !! "
5	Awesome nightclub...unforgettable experience. It was hard coming back home and partying in DC...its just not the same :( It was my friends birthday so we decided to head on over to XS at Encore and we walked right in :) Upon entering the club, the decor and the ambiance was so cool and we immediately head over to the dancefloor...after some booty shaking-we went outside to the pool area to cool down. The music was great...kept us on the floor...the drinks were great...quite expensive though....If you're coming to Vegas, make sure you spend one evening here at XS.
5	I really was unsure if XS could live up to the hype, but it absolutely did, and even succeeded in surpassing my expectations. I went this past Friday night with a group of girlfriends. We were lucky enough to have a connection to one of the club hosts who was able to walk us in with no cover charge or wait. This contrasts with some other clubs in vegas, where perhaps we have a host to walk us in, but they still place us in a line to wait before we can actually walk on in. We arrived before 11pm, the line for tables looked long, the general admission line didn't look too bad. The club was amazing! It's a good size, so you don't feel like you are being crushed when you try to dance or walk somewhere. The indoor decor is interesting and impressive - and outside is AMAZING. There is a ton of space outside, plenty of bars, and a beautiful gazebo and pool. For the ladies - there were no or short waits for the restrooms! Later in the night I noticed the mirrors got a bit crowded with hot messes trying to spruce up their makeup/hair situation, but other than that no issues. The music was okay, a weird mix, they played a re-mix of Nirvana which I found very very strange. They also shot money ($1's) into the crowd all night which was just fun. We managed to find a bachelor party which was more than happy to share their table with us, the service for the tables was great, they cleaned up and served drinks very quickly! Overall, by far, my favorite nightclub in Vegas!! Absolutely will be going again on my next trip. My advice for ladies is to find a promoter who can get you in - don't waste time in line!
5	Question: What are the key elements that make a successful nightclub THE #1 destination?Access to a bar within 10 feet anywhere you turn?Most advanced sound system around?More cabana's than you can count?A gigantic glistening pool?Sprawling acres of Black Jack tables?Award winning DJ's? Hot go-go dancers?The hottest, sexiest people working it on the dance floor?XS is all that packaged up in to the hottest, most sophisticated and lush nightclub I've ever stepped foot in to. This is what Vegas is about. Every other club in Vegas fails, miserably, in comparison.Highlight of the evening was dancing in the pool at 5:30am....and what followed (but as you know what happens in Vegas....)
1	The most hostile people I have ever met.  Horrible in every respect, I am surprised people pay for the abuse they deliver.  My experience with XS was hands down the worst I have ever had with any venue, ever.  They ruined my birthday, embarrassed me, and I believe potentially charged me for it.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!!
4	Although no free drinks for ladies, it's still one of the IT club of the moment. We came on a Sunday night around 10:30PM and it was pretty dead...By midnight, the dance floor was PACKED. On a Sunday! Pretty cool. I can't remember the last time I dance that much! SO much fun! The dancers have SO much energy cause they were up there the entire time I was and then some!
4	Probably one of the most insane clubs I've ever seen. There were probably 2084628934602364 people inside the club, another 23908460348956 outside in the pool/lounge area, and 238476238 people outside waiting to get in. The music and vibe of the place was very "Vegas-y" - in a good way. We had a good time except for:1. It gets wayyyy to packed here, you can barely maneuver around all the bodies2. Since it's so packed, it takes FORVER to get drinks. Get bottle service or be prepared to fight your way to the bar and wait 30-45 min for one round.3. If you're not VIP or have a table/bottle reserved, be prepared to wait a longass time to get in.
4	30 dollar cover, 10 dollar beer, 12 dollar shots of patron.  Dancing in the water - priceless.
5	The most GORGEOUS club in all of Vegas (if not the world) The decor, the people...you'll marvel at ALL the beauty and genetic giftedness going on! (or at least applaud the choice of plastic surgeons!!) Aw who cares...it's VEGA$ BABY!!! And this place is a "must see"! (I haven't seen this many gorgeous folk since South Beach!) **No cover charge when staying at the Encore (or the Wynn) and you can avoid waiting in line! Woot woot!!!. Opt for bottle service at your table (avoid the lines) or try and snag a table poolside...and whatever you do, do NOT miss out on dancing in the water!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about XS!? It's definitely THE hot spot in Vegas, with a gorgeous outdoor, beach club setting decked with cabana's and floating beds. XS has definitely upped the game in clubbing experiences in Vegas!Here are some tips:* The line to get into the club is understandably looooong, expect to stand around for a long time before getting in. OR go early (around 9PM), stand in a short line, get your stamp for re-entry, and then head out to the casino floor to play with Lady Luck and booze it up on the considerably cheaper drinks - or free, if you're playing at the tables. Head back to the club around 11PM and you'll be swiftly let in through the re-entry line.* The bar inside on your right-hand side as you walk in tends to be the one with the least amount of people shoving. Outside can be a bit difficult to get served right away.* Head out to the pools for more air and room to dance, because the dance floor can get so packed that you can barely move!* Ladies, the best remedy to rest your hurting feet in those 6 inch heels is to head to the hot tubs in the back and soak your feet for a little while. Trust me, after a few minutes you'll be rejuvenated to dance the rest of the night away. Should you fall in, there's a bathroom to the left of the hot tub that's ideal for quickly running into a stall. How do I know this you ask? Yup *raises hand* I was THAT girl!! :-X I wasn't even drunk, I just naturally have bad balance. Especially on slippery hot tub steps, so becareful!! Thank God for Satin dresses and hot summer nights in NV!
4	This is one of the biggest clubs I have been to in my life and surprisingly it didn't feel that packed at all. I guess it was the fact that most of the club is open air. Altough at times you do feel like you are packed like sardines but that is usually in the indoor portion of the club. The music selection was great and it got me fist pumping like a Jersey Shore Guido for most of the night. I would suggest coming early because the line gets ridiculously long. Fortunately for us, one of our friends had a Vegas hook up to cut the lines. Also, get bottle service if you can because you will literally fight for an hour at the bar trying to get drinks.
4	I have never gone clubbing in Vegas before so this is a very lean review.  I was always worried about having to pay a premium trying to get into XS, so I think I got lucky on a Sunday night and managed to get in for $30 with a very short line.When I walked in, I was amazed at how big this place was, seemed smaller from the pictures I saw on their website.  But the best part about this place was definitely the pool area outside, where I spent most of my time lounging with my friends.Next time I come here, I'm not ordering any drinks unless I'm having a friend get one for me.  The bar near the pool area was swamped and it took me almost 20 mins to wait at the bar and finally get my drink.  Time is short when you come in at midnight.  If there's one thing that did annoy me about XS, it was the music.  Sure I didn't mind them playing house and dance music, but when the beat stays constant for almost 2 hours, it can get to be a little boring.Since I haven't gone to any other clubs in Vegas, I can't really make any comparisons.  But XS has created a new standard for me which I'm not sure can be topped right now.  Not bad for my first clubbing experience in Vegas.  Here's hoping for more!  4 stars!
5	Wow!  Beautiful club.  I can't wait to go back.  Met the best people, danced, drank and enjoyed the scene.Thank you XS.  You are my dream come true.
4	XS is the place right now!It definitely lived up to the hype i have heard. I would get there early if possible (around 11) but once in, the place is huge with so much going on. You can dance inside or outside or in the POOL!If you got to pay, prices are average ($30 guy, $20 girl), and the drinks are expense like every club. But the atmosphere is hot. My only compliant is they play too much house music and should have mixed it up more then they did.
5	With over 700 reviews and an average of 4.5 stars, its true,  XS is hands down the best club in Vegas. Our cab driver told us its #1 right now. Whoever designed this place is a genius. Despite the hordes of people, it never seemed crowded to me. I always had room to move around, whether I was on the dance floor, or walking around the pool, or trying to get drinks at the bar. With a group of 8 girls, we walked right in with no cover, and proceeded to get our dance and drink on. Best night we had in Vegas. The man himself Steve Wynn was in the house when we came, surrounded by 5 bouncers so that his group could dance undisturbed at the front of the dance floor. Guess he came to see how business was going. He was also very interested in how well the go go dancers were dancing. The only bad thing about this place.....it will ruin other Vegas clubs for you. Nothing else can compare.
5	I went here for a friends birthday and had a lot of fun.I actually like this place better than tryst, because it is a bit bigger and near the pool area there are places to sit.I would definetly go back here.
5	when I walked in it felt like that part of Willy Wonka when they opened the door to Candy Land!!+1 no cover. Las Vegas should be called Womens appreciation City. +1 My girlfriends and I didnt have to wait in line!!!! We just danced right in. BEWARE that the line look like the line outside of Walmart on Black friday!+1 the place is beautiful. Plenty of room to dance and sit!+1 VIP. The clientel are very classy and super nice. VIP tables had beds, which are sooooo nice especially when your a girl wearing heels for 3 days! We sat at the bed right in front of the pool, so it was great scenery+1 They have cocktail waitresses just walking around with little shot baskets, so you dont have to wait at the bar. +1 Great Music. Mostly top 40s. +1000000 great people. great staff. great music. great environment. clean bathrooms. Strong drinks. I LOVE THIS PLACE! I want to go back NOW!  Your vegas vacation is NOT complete unless you come to XS. Its worth it!
3	"You can make the reservation, but you cannot hold the reservation."Here with a bachelor party last Saturday night and we had a table reservation for the crew. We got there at 10:30pm and they told us we we were too late (claimed we had to be there by 10pm) and they had given our table away. After some bickering they let us in and we found that half the tables in the club were unoccupied and they were most definitely not sold out. With some pushing we eventually claimed a table and the night was saved. My poor friend who organized this part of the bachelor party weekend definitely lost a few hairs from the stress of the table initially falling through.XS charges way too much money to screw up like that, so even though it's one of my favorite party spots in Vegas they only get 3 stars.
5	Manager is awesome, one can get in for free if you know the manager, and you have a cute girl in the crowd. Obviously, I am not the cute one, with the nice body, but I have friends who are, and I so appreciate them getting me in. =D
5	I came here on a Saturday night, and the line was stupid long. Luckily we had a bottle of Priv while we were inline, even thought we just meet up with a group of girls we were with and got in right away. Inside is huge and very nice, chilled by the pool for a bit which we nice. The place was full of ladies, and the music was crackin. Definitely my favorite club in Vegas. Some advice is go early and get a stamp, come back later when it gets crackin.
5	XS XS XS!! What can possibly be said about XS @ Encore that hasnt already been told? I went there for my brothers 21st birthday this past weekend; the place was crawling with uber hot women, celebs, and high rollers. I saw people like Josh Koshchek, Floyd Mayweather, and Jessica Burciaga. I felt as if I was a baller for a second lol. You have to make sure you get there as early as possible, 930, if your like me and hate waiting in a long line. I waited for about 20-30 mins to get in. But once I got in, waves of gorgeous women, hip hop music, and 2 bars were in my view. The dance floor not as big as it should be considering the place can hold up to 8,000 people, but its surrounded by a huge lounge area and VIP spots. But thats not the end, if you go to the back of the club, you will realize that you are outside and there is a HUUUUUUUGE pool with a dancing area. In the center there is a bar with gambling tables. Surrounding the pool is another lounge like area with a bar. Definitely a spot I will be returning to ASAP!!Only a few "cons", a bunch of older dudes trying to get girls; ugly ass dudes with the baddest girls; and a grip of stuck up women lol OVERALL.... AWESOME JOINT!!
5	XS = Xtra Sick! Haha corny  but it is a joke. XS is my favorite club in Las Vegas. Actually probably the best club in vegas. The ultimate and mecca of clubs in Las Vegas. Speaking for guys you would want to go here beause the line is actually easier to get in than most clubs. The club is huge and the line moves well. For guys also you don't have to pay to much extra unless you want to cut in line, BUT the line goes by pretty fast. XS, right when you step in to the club you kind of get in AWEEEEE with your jaw dropping a tad because it has everything a club should have..... Stripper poles, nice bottle service area, swimming pool, jacuzzi, many bars, areas to sit if you didn't get bottle service. This club is just is the best club i've been to and for now everytime you go to Las Vegas make sure you hit up XS. The crowd at XS to me had a balance and good variety of different cultures so that was good also. Last thing, during warm weather nights this place kicks it up a notch by allowing you to be outside with the water and areas to sit and look at a pretty good view from the outside. FYI for the girls, the jacuzzi really helps you after dancing in heels for awhile, you really should dip your beaitful feet in it.
4	My  jaw dropped when I entered. This club is straight out of the movies. Its massive, the dancers are hot, the DJ's spin the latest hits, and they even have a pool where you can dance!The only reason im not giving it 5 stars is because of the long lines. I however didnt have to wait because I had a hookup ;). Get there early!
3	Way too big!  Not intimate! It seems they jsut tried to make a giant-gaudy club.  They succeeded.  The only positive is that the place is beautiful and if you do want to escape the packed, smelly dance floor, you can go outside and just relax.
3	Since this was the "IT" club to be at in Vegas, I definitely wanted to check it out for my Bachelorette Party...of course the weekend we decided to go, it was a fight weekend and the place was packed...i mean so packed, you literally had to squeeze through the sea of people just to get anywhere. Try squeezing through two people who are hugging...that's what it felt like.  Im suprised they even let that many people in there...god help us if there was a fire!Maybe that's why you werent allowed to wear a boa in there???  Fire hazard? Dont get me wrong, I dont normally flaunt boas, but since it was my bachelorette, my girls had me wear them.  I was stopped by security at the front, and was told I could either throw it away or coat check it. wth? Well, after pleading with him and batting an eyelash or two, he let me keep them, if I promised not to take them out. (ill give 1-star for that)Granted it was like 12:30-1am when we got there, which was probably why we didnt really enjoy what XS had to offer.  It was prime time and filled to the brim...just getting to the bathroom was a feat...though once inside, it seemed like they had 20+ stalls, and the lines moved super fast (1 star for that).We decided then to just grab some drinks and bounce to another club.  When we finally made it through the herd and landed outside, we were greeted with more waiting...we moved to the front, and had to wait even longer...i think that wait deserved double shots...maybe even triple...lol.I loved the decor...the outside would've definitely been a great place to dance the night away (1-star for that), but if you're attempting to go on a crazy weekend, you're better off getting bottle service, or checking out another place.  ill definitely give it another chance the next time we're in Vegas.
5	This is my favorite club to go to whenever we're in Vegas... A little crowded during the summer but the outside area is so big and cool to chill at. There's a pool outside where girls are allowed to dip their fit and hang out by. They also have crap tables on the other side of the pool too. Drinks are expensive, of course, what would you ever expect from a Vegas club...
3	Pretty cool club, however, I don't have much to compare it to since it was my first trip to Vegas. We went on a Sunday night, the music was ok, just a mix of top 40, house, and hip-hop. At times it didn't seem like the dj was mixing - just starting and stopping tracks. The club was packed and surprisingly there wasn't much of a wait for the restroom or at the bar. The drinks were a little pricy - $10-$15, but I guess that's average for Vegas.
5	I recently went to Vegas and stayed at the Encore.... Please people, if you stay at the Encore you must buy your ticket at the concierge and get Line pass on either Friday or Saturday night, this place is awesome and super wild, it's basically a freaking orgy with awesome music in the background, if you're like me and don't like getting raped on the dance floor you can go outside to the pool area and have fun too, or you can splurge and rent a booth for the night, either way this place rocks and guys, if you can't get laid here then chop off your privates and give them to someone who can use it. :)
4	Hella long ass line that stretched through the entire hallway that I thought we'd never get in since it was already 11(same type of lines inside at the bar), but luckily due to a phat ass hook-up we walked right in after waiting only 10 mins..... hellz yea, even the hella foine female waiting in the line said "hey, how are all you guys getting in?", hahahaha..... ok, not laughing too much cuz guys inside, hot chick outside.
2	I don't see what the hype is about. Let's just say I had an "in" to get in here with no line, no cover, bottle service and didn't pay a dime. And I would still not go back. I think xs lacks originality.However, on a positive note, music was good & the place had a high energy. I think yelp's comment of  "Meh. I've experienced better." hits it right on the nose.
2	It's a shame the crowd was so pretentious. And not diverse. Maybe it was the night we went (Saturday), but it was seriously about 90% Asians, and we were really looking for a more diverse crowd...is that too much to ask?! Anyway, being that we were six girls, and being that somehow we always have some sort of vip connection, we got in free- no lines, no cover. But still.The decor was beautiful. It was absolutely gorgeous, with a huge shallow pool, white sheeted beds surrounding the pool, palm trees, large dance floor, ample vip tables...but the vibe was wack. The energy wasn't "fun"- it was hard to explain, but we ended up leaving to go back to Haze (guaranteed good times).Ehhh....disappointment.
5	Hands down the best clubbing experience one could ever ask for ANYWHERE---makes me cringe about even thinking of going to other clubs after this place!!!  Huge cabanas and lots of tables--we had a cabana and it made it all worthwhile!
4	Maybe it's because it was Memorial Weekend and therefore, the crowd attracted was different.  Cover was $200 for guys bc of the holiday weekend and the line was the longest I've ever seen at any club in my entire life.  You'd think Jesus Christ, himself, was in there.  Here are the things that disappointed me:-Way, way, way too crowded.  I'm sure it's a safety hazard to have that many people squished in there.  You can barely walk anywhere, and forget the dancefloor.  -People taking off their shoes, rolling up their pants and dancing in the pool.  It's not a pool party.  Show some class people.-Girls jumping into the pool, fully clothed.  Again, show some class.-The obvious presence of prostitutes.  I know there are prostitutes in every club but they're usually a little more incognito.-Not a very classy crowd.  Guys wearing Chuck's.  I don't even know how they got in.  If you can afford to come to Vegas, you can afford to get some clothes at a place other than Forever 21 and guys, can you please get a button down that is actually your size.  It's not 1999, and baggy isn't IN anymore.-People throwing up everywhere.  Security!!Anyway, on a good note, I saw Paris Hilton poppin' Cristal.  Spotted some Reality TV stars and UFC athletes.  And Keri Hilson hopped on the mic and gave an impromptu performance, albeit drunk off her ass but I though it was still cool.  Tips:  -If you are a group of all ladies, you should never, ever have to pay or wait in line to go to any club in Vegas.  Every woman should know this.-The bathroom outside to the right usually has a way shorter line.  -The bar outside is ridiculous.   Don't even try it.  Go to one of the bars inside on either the right or left-Ladies, don't get on the stripper pole if you're wearing a short dress.  I saw way too many thongs and coochies.  Gross!!  -Also, ladies, hold on to the hand rail when you're walking down those front steps.  I can't even tell you how many chicks I've seen embarass themselves by tripping and falling all the way down the stairs. Anyway, I still love XS but I think I'm going to avoid it on Fridays/Saturdays/holiday weekends.  I heard Sundays are really good.  Way less people and a better crowd i.e. less trashiness.  I
4	This place is really nice.  I feel seriously spoiled when I try to go out in SF or in Sacramento because nothing I've been to seems to even come close to topping XS.XS's biggest and best feature is its size.  Plus the entrance (as you approach the opening of the interior of the club) is really really impressive, especially since it opens out into the pool area and expands around it into a pennisula around the pool.  However, I went during memorial day weekend and the place was PACKED. I've never seen it so busy there and was a bit of a turn off that it was so packed inside.  I went on sunday (not saturday, saturday was stupid crazy and the cover was ridiculous; plus we got in for free on sunday).  I think Keri Hilson was there singing her songs but she sounded so off I think the they told her to stop performing (?) Also the music there tends to vary a lot, if you're used to listening to hip hop/ pop music at a club, XS will do that but on occasion it'll do a quick switch to some house music and totally throw most people off guard.
3	So this is supposed to be the hottest club in Vegas, so where did we have to go for the bachelor party? XS of course.Well we knew if we tried to wait in line there was probably not going to be a chance in hell they were going to let in 14 guys with no girls.  So we decided to get bottles.  For our group they asked for 4 bottles, this would gurantee us admission and get us a table next to the pool.  We paid 2500 including tax and tip for 4 bottles of crown and one of the best tables in the house.  We also had a cabana in the water.  The whole atmosphere was wonderful.  But at the end of the day it's just another overpriced club.  The dance floor is a tiny area inside and it's a total clusterfuck trying to move around.  The women were decent but for a place this "popping" I was expecting more.  I won't be spending that much money again.
3	I went here with fellow Yelper Pauline L. and two other gals the Friday of Memorial Day Weekend. We didn't have to wait in line but had to pay half the cover charge, blah.Once inside the layout reminded me of Tryst, dance floor in the center with tables surrounding it. The difference was the outdoor pool and lounge area. This space was really pretty and spacious, if only they had more space for the dance floor. Who ever the DJ was that night did a good job with choice of songs and mixing. I also thought it was fun to play around in the shallow part of the pool. It was nice to kick off the heels and cool off.It was a fun night, maybe I'd go back if I didn't have to pay cover. Just remember to get your credit card and ID back from the bartenders! Seems like the bartenders have a bad habit of not giving those back. One friend had to remind the bartender, and another friend didn't even realized the bartender didn't give it back and completely forgot to get her ID and credit card. Luckily they still had it and we came back the next day to pick it up.
5	What can I say? XS is crackin...skip the lines party it up get drunk...good music hot ladies it's the place to be when you're in Vegas
4	XS..as in "excess"..not extra small. More like XXL.XS..as in "excessively" ridonkulous lines to get in.XS..as in an "excessive" amount of hot chicks in front of one of the few places where being hot does NOT equal free & quick access.XS..as in "excessive" nazi dudes patrolling the halls, insisting you "keep on walking..you can't stand around."I'd definitely say it's one of the best venues in town that I've been to so far. Mostly because it's connected to Encore..thee most beautiful of all hotels in the city. It kinda feels like you're at a concert, and thank God for the open air situation to keep things comfy. Easy to get lost, so make sure to use the buddy system, or you're fucked. Randomly scattered stripper poles and areas to dance atop for the general public. Saw lots of people making out towards the end of the night up there on exhibition. Guys, don't be stupid and pay thousands of dollars for 2 bottles. That's just plain dumb. Do you know how many bottles of Goose you can buy at Costco for that? Probably a years supply. Don't spend your entire paycheck. Please..it's a recession. And it's Vegas, the land of a thousand other clubs you can go to for the same shit. So if you're not making six figures or more, don't spend like you do.You won't catch me dead in a line that spans miles. Nor will I pay cover. Nor will I get there at eight fucking thirty just to wait in a shorter line in hopes of getting inside. I'm a fucking chick. And although it's one of the better venues, it's still just another club, just super sized. Hence the reason why it's taken me this long to check it out, because this time, I got the hook up. No lines, no cover, no paying for overpriced drinks. That's how I roll. I'd recommend you do the same.XS..as in "excessively" beating the system..one venue at a time.
5	I agree with what most say. As far as appearance appeal and ambiance, this club is probably thee sickest one in Vegas. As soon as you pay your cover and walk down the main staircase, you really feel like the shitttt. They whip through the line pretty quick which is nice. Cover is usually 30, but then up to 50 on holiday weekends. The girls are pretty dope, as I remember from my bday. We'll leave it at that. I was really close to lowering the rating due to one important factor....THE MUSIC! I mean, theres no way that many people can endure house and techno music for that long. Obviously the dancefloor gets crackin with hip hop and top 40. I'm just saying. As of yet, this is the best club for sure.
4	Great place as far as overall atmosphere.  Came here for a stagette on Cdn. May 24 w/end.  Beautiful outdoor pool, layout, cabanas etc...gorgeous!  Only bad thing was that it was ridiculously packed inside.  Thankfully we stayed mostly outside which was great and had all our drinks paid for by random people so that made the night all the more better.  Will def. come back.
4	I must have had amazing karma this weekend, because when my friend and I were having dinner at Botero inside the Encore Hotel, we met up with a couple who were staying at the Wynn and offered to give us guest passes to not only get in free to XS but bypass the entire line at 11pm when it was about a mile long!!  The club was unbelieveably beautiful--especially outside.  The pool area is so nice and the outdoor bar and dance floor had so much space and the open air was awesome for a change as to not have to breathe in cigarette smoke inside a confining club.  Only complaint was pricey drinks but then again that's the same at any upscale club...XS had hot guys, hot girls, bad-ass DJs and the night we were there, Too Short & Lil Jon performed!!  By the way Paris Hilton was there too..... Now what more can you ask for??  Best weekend in Las Vegas yet!!!
5	SPECTACULAR GINORMOUS club!! Love this place! Huge in door club with a million tables, outdoor tables. a pool, bar in the middle of the pool with card tables so if you go looking for your friends don't expect to find them b/c this place is soo packed and sooo big...like a needle in a haystack. Expect LONGGG lines! I went at alone to meet up with friends (miracle to find them) so I bypassed the long line by asking someone from bottle service to let me in...of course I paid the cover. They made it sound like it would be outrageous to pay....I was willing to pay any price to not wait in that ridiculous line...it was only $20. Heard it changes by the hour. Great music and best club I experienced!
5	Definitely a MUST everytime I hit up Vegas. Sometimes I go twice a weekend back to back... it's just THAT good. Been going since it opened up and it has yet to disappoint me. Music COULD be a little better, but I'm not complaining :) It's going to be hard to open up a new club that'll top XS! Everything about it is beautiful! From the venue, to the staff, crowd... I LOVVVE XS!!!!!!!
5	xs shits on other clubs in vegas...this tiime i actually remembered more than 10 mins so i can write a more accurate review. this place is huge!!!!! i didnt realize before. there were people all over the place. the music was kinda ehhh geared more towards house...so every once in a while they played some hip hop but only for 3 or 4 songs. the bathroom lines were not to bad until all the chicks started getting drunk. ive actually yacked in both bathrooms and i think i prefer the one inside better. there are soooo many tables for service i was super surprised. we were able to find a bed that wasnt being used so we chilled out there for a little bit. well being the wild and crazy chicks that we are of course we ended up being the first ones in the pool...i dont get why more people did join us. i mean come on its effin vegas!!!! do something crazy! take of your shoes and take a dip..you aint that damn cute....so me and my friend had a small lil argument before i went. he said that there were poker/ black jack tables at the bar near the pool i said there werent...he won.... it was nice to see the hot tub in the corner but it was way to  hot even at 4 am to get in it. cant wait to go again...
1	This place was wack they played mostly house music. I guess if you into like dropping then you should go here. Also, if your in line and you step out you have to go back to the end of the line. I mean XS is a very nice big night club but I am not so much a fan. There is an inside and an outside which is the pool side. 4 bars which makes it easier to buy drinks. Price is $20 for girls and $30 for guys (not including special events).
5	My first Yelp review! And it's for XS!! Very appropriate as it's my favorite club bar NONE. I'm sure XS would be the number one ranked club in the world if there were some best nightclubs in the world annual rankings but since there isn't you've gotta trust me on this as I've been to clubs in at least 2 different cities. Why do I like XS so much? hmmm that's tough... maybe it's because they have unpretentious bouncers who actually try to move the line as quickly as possible and get people inside, or it could be the amazingly spacious and stunning indoor and outdoor areas which make every other club in Vegas seem cramped (except for Pure), or is it the four large bars which make getting a drink little less stressful (2 indoor and 2, larger, outdoor bars), or is it the nice mix of hip hop, house and trance, or maybe it's because they actually have blackjack and craps INSIDE so there's no excuse for my gamblaholic friends not to go clubbin. Eh I don't really know, sometimes I think I like XS so much just because the place is so symmetrical.  Whatever it is, it's kept me coming back on every trip to Vegas since the place opened in early 09. And I'm still not bored of it. In fact, I look forward to XS on every trip to Vegas, the place is just that good.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Great indoor area + great outdoor area w/pool = good spot for a hot summer night of dancing and drinking with your friends.What I don't like however is the long lines, not comping the ladies, and having to pay your way to skip the line. But if you are to come to XS, I suggest you fork it over and skip the line otherwise you'll never make it in. This place is THE club to go when you're in Vegas as it is the nicest. I want to go back already!
4	Great club the swimming pool and jacuzzis make this da spot unlike any other, arrive early if you don't have reservations or hook ups the lines seem pretty long don't think I could wait that long, if you get tired of dancing there's a gambling section as well.
4	WOW! This place was beautiful....I spent most of my time in the outdoor area because outside of all the things they did right, they put the dance floor right in the middle of the club which was the only way to get outside..Which was not cool it was like diving underwater and holding your breath till you get to from one end of the pool to the other...like my other yelpers stated, for such a huge place, the dance floor is small for the amount of people that are cuttin' the rug. I guess it's fortunate for XS but this place was PACKED on Saturday and it was real hard to maneuver though a crowd of drunken, techno and house dancers....hence the 4 star rating. The music was not to my liking but because there was so much more to this place, I am still a fan. The people were all cool. We befriended some people from Mexico City who let us kick it at their table and shared their bottle service. (that I must say was FABULOUS) They had "BALLERS" written all over them as mostly everyone did here. This ain't no jeans and nice shirt place, folks were dressed to impress and just down right chill. You got to go. I don't have any advice about lines and cover charges that is just the deal. We stood in line for 40 minutes and got in for free (that's how we roll), we even managed to get some gentlemen who where in line with us in for free...they were psyched! If you are looking for a club and there are plenty, you should check this out!
1	douchebag capital of vegasNo amount of alcohol could have made this experience tolerable, and I'm far from your typical debby downer.We arrived around 11 after catching the late show of La Reve and were pumped to check out the 'hottest club on the strip' but the enthusiasm quickly died. The wait to get a drink was ridiculous and if there was alcohol in my $12 vodka cranberry, my tastebuds sure didn't notice it. It would have taken $200 in drinks to start feeling a buzz. And I'm a light weight. Finding a place to take in the night was a challenge - people were everywhere. People were so close together that I could barely breathe, especially when Paris Hilton and Too Short got in the spotlight and everyone in the place pushed their way toward us. It was like being in the front row of a concert with every passing dude thinking he had the liberty to start grinding on me. It was too packed to get around to see any of the cool looking parts of the club.Here's a little story to illustrate the essence of the people patronizing XS. After exiting the club, a group of average looking gentlemen approached and asked for us to take a photo of them with their camera. My attractive and personable friend pleasantly obliged and when they came back to get their camera, one of them said, 'ew. why are we even talking to you?' REALLY? Weren't we doing *you* a favor?!
5	hands down best nightclub ive been to so far in vegas... i was very impressed...its huge and the decor is very nice.  they hooked us up with a table cause we had a solid group with us.  a gorgeous club for sure with gorgeous people. badass to how they had tables to gamble if you want to put down a bet. amazing place i will be returning again
5	So many reviews. I'll make mine short:Cover:Guys: $30Ladies: $20  Wait from the back of the line: 45 minutes.  Pros: Giant, giant club.  GIANT!Clean restrooms :)Friendly bartenders  Pools outside, open air and more spaceCrazy mash-upsLive performance: Too ShortWell ventilated, for a crowded clubYou can sit on the pool loungers ... for free! (gasp - usu. have to pay to sit down in a club!)Mostly beautiful peopleCons: Pricey Drinks (as expected): $12 (shots), $15+ cocktailsPlease note: drinks are cheaper outside at the pool bar, but bar inside is less of a waitExtremely crowded inside - lots of smashing/pushingStaff kicked us off one of the the beds when we had to sit and put our shoes back on (it was reserved), but was very friendly about it. (pro?)Overall, love this club, and would love to do it again :) O Whatta night...
3	I have to say I was a little disappointed with XS. First they made all of my girls pay (we were 6 girls) a high cover. Not cool when drinks are $18 bucks a pop or over!Second the dance floor was a hot mess with no hot men in sight. I don't know if it was an off day or Paris Hilton scared everyone away, but it's summer time on a Saturday night....where are the good looking guys? Oh and let me mention the $18 drink that had almost no booze, and I'm talking about an AMF here. I'm a small girl and I couldn't even feel it's effect.On the bright side, they had their hot tub going so I could chill and put my sore feet in after dancing for 6 hours. Dancing on the pool steps was also plus.We finally found a chill spot near the back of the club where we could spread out and dance, talk and drink. The music finally started getting good around 3 in the morning and lasted about an hour then it went back to the top 40 hits....blah.Over all, unless they are willing to work with more hosts to be on guest-lists, I'm not coming back.
3	Dare I say XS is XS-sively overrated?  Yes, I dare.Yes, this club is very pretty.  That part is not up for debate.  My issue with XS is that since it is the club du jour, everyone and their 3rd cousin are trying to get in, are already in or will be getting in.  This causes the following problems:*  The dance floor is overly crowded*  Everywhere not the dance floor is overly crowded*  The clientele seem to either be on edge or maintain some smug sense of superiority which leads to giving me the stank eye when I smile at them.Thankfully we reserved everything through Sienna, so my group and I didn't have to deal with the stress of waiting in line or paying for cover.The beds in the pool were a kitsch idea but a huge pain in the ass.  I would rather lounge on these while my ass is busting out of a bikini.So in closing, I wouldn't necessarily mind making a 2nd jaunt through XS, but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice... or second or third for that matter.
3	WAS my favorite club in LV but now I think its overrated.LONG line (at least an hr)COVER: girls $20 (WTF) guys $30Big dance floorWEAK musicToo crowdedDrunk people dancing in the poolNot strict on dress code (homeboy rolled up in a hoodie, not cute)Yeah I'll come back because I know the majority of the people I go with always want to come here. Over the hype, I'm ready to try new clubs in LV.
5	Newest Video on XS!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y0omHfu9W8So, it's been almost a full year since I've posted an XS video and this time it should be the best.  The video posted is more of my actual experience than the layout, scenery, bar, dancefloor, etc.  If you want to see more of that stuff, it's more abundant in my previous videos in my older reviews/updates.  Hope it helps.Now, as for my experience this year.  I went to XS 3 nights in a row!! Yeah, you got it, it seems as if I go to Las Vegas every few months just to go to XS again.. Crazy?? Stupid?? Waste of time??? No.. my friends.. I am no noob to Las Vegas, I've made several trips every year. And I have tested other clubs.. and none of them pass with flying colors like XS does..  So there is absolutely no reason to try to fix something that is not broken... And for the recent folks who haven't had a stellar experience.. Come with an enthusiastic attitude.. it does help.. We went through a host again this year, different from our last, but we cut through the horrendous line, velvet rope opening one after another.. by a different door attendant each time.. BOOM!! We're in XS.. the crowd is pumpin, the music is thumpin.. And it's only 10:30 and packed..  The club was a lot busier than last June.. I guess word got around.. And these were the results.. Me and the fellas immediately moved to the poolside and started buying shots, and mingled with almost every passerby of the opposite gender, smiles exploded.. Conversations ignited and drinks were consumed... This was it.. As one half of my comrades made their way over the blackjack tables, our group split into a night of everlasting wonders... (so it seemed) =)I can't even begin to explain how much I love this club.. And to the fellas, dress accordingly.. Bust out your skinny ties and vests if it's a Friday or Saturday.. Trust me you'll stand out.. And don't look around to mingle, JUST MINGLE!! An apprehensive attitude will appear stalkerish or unconfident... Both are a bust.. Stunning ladies, Bachelorette parties were left and right and about a few dozen birthdays as well.. And they all came to this spot to celebrate... XS, Thank you for a year and a half of 7 different superb experiences!!XS is the best!!  Again, below I will post a link to the newest video of XS nightclub, June 2010!! Hope you enjoy it!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y0omHfu9W8
5	Hell fucking yes. This is the best club I've ever been to. And I've been to a shitload of clubs.This place is so baller. Once you walk in you feel like a king. As you walk down the ramp/stairs into the club, you can just feel the XS atmosphere starting to envelope you. While you walk through the perfectly symmetrical dance floor aligned with hot go-go-dancers, you see alot of sexy people having fun and getting down. As you walk through this dance area, you realize "holy shit there's another outside area?" You walk past everyone to go to the outside pool, with girls dancing in the shallow end and a island in the center of the pool with blackjack tables and a bar. THIS PLACE IS HEAVEN.Seriously, most people here just want to have fun and party. Its vegas. I feel like most people's vegas plans are usually "Tao, maybe some other club, and then XS." There's a reason why they save XS for last.The only negatives about this place is the insanely long line if you don't go early enough. Also, the bouncers are sooo full of themselves and think they're gods of the world [although this makes sense since its vegas]. But I still give it 5 stars cuz of all the awesome memories I have here.
4	I'm starting to think that there are no clubs in Vegas that aren't crowded. XS Nightclub is one of the nicest looking, most crowded clubs I have ever been to. This club is HUGE and its crowd is even BIGGER. Once you get in to the main dance floor, you might notice that there is this huge European style pool with poolside seating. There is also another bar outside near the pool area. If drinking and dancing is not really your thing (then why are you at a nightclub), then fear not, because XS also has designated areas to gamble. The best thing about the layout of XS is that there is a lot of seating (as long as they don't close it off) outside in the open area. The music that they play in XS comes in a wide variety. They play Top 40 as well as some House music. The drinks are good and expensive, but you probably already knew that. In short, XS lives up the hype. Definitely one of the clubs to go to if you're in Vegas.
5	I still fall in love with XS every time I party there! The venue is amazingly glamorous :) My girls and I went to XS during Memorial Day weekend. You can imagine how long the wait was, but luckily, we did not have to wait in line ;) So of course - five stars!
5	This is by far the best club I've been to in the United States. It's not cheap, but it's enormous and it is one of the most freshly designed clubs in Vegas. When we come to Vegas (usually every other month), this venue is the only one we are in agreement about going to. Not sure if it will be our Friday or Saturday spot, but we know that we'll be there at some point, if not on both nights (or all three, in some instances... yeah it's happened!). I've been to most, if not all, of the hot spot Vegas clubs, and this is by far my favorite, past or present.It's got a pool, a good ratio, and stiff drinks. Beware on holiday weekends though, cover alone goes from the usual $30-$50, to $100-$200 each.Other than that, this club NEVER fails me.
5	This club totally has a "feel good" and "let's be friends" type of vibe.Earlier this month I went to Vegas with 13 of my close girlfriends in celebration of a few May birthdays, college graduations, and of course, just to hit up Vegas and have a phenomenal time. After hearing about XS's mania from all of our other friends that partied in Vegas, we purposely saved XS for our final night in Sin City - and might I say, what a way to conclude our crusades in Vegas!My review may be a bit slanted, but since there were 14 of us girls, we made some friends and got walked straight to the front of the line and were let in for free. What I can suggest is that if you're going to go to XS, for guys: get in line early (by 9:30 pm) and try your best to go in with/be accompanied by a hoard of girls, and for girls: have at least 5-6 girls in your group and socialize with other girls in line so you all can try to work it together and get your whole group of 10-13 girls in for free!I was captivated by the nightclub when I first entered; the furniture and walls are flanked in gold, there are grand chandeliers hanging everywhere, there are dancing poles (if that's your fancy), and a surplus of bars! The dance floor itself is circular and amply-sized (but watch out because people drop their empty glasses and I spotted at least 25 empty glasses rolling across the floor) and ultimately opens up into the patio area that surrounds the pool. Sitting in the center of the pool is an ornately-designed gazebo, that once again, has a grand bar and also card tables! Beyond the pool area are various dining/seating areas, more mini-bars, and a jacuzzi (yeah!). I definitely enjoyed XS's music selection; they played a good mix of Hip-Hop, Rap, and House - I never experienced a moment of when I had to sit back because the music sucked! To prove that XS is one of Vegas' most top-notch and upscale nightclubs, midway through our night, my friend sent out a mass text message to all of us that Paris Hilton had just arrived with her entourage! Haha! She was sitting in the VIP area, but really, the only thing dividing the "VIP" area from the main dance floor are velvet ropes and a few security guards, so a bunch of people were snapping pictures of/with her!It took most of the night for us to make our way throughout XS, but we stopped at every bar and danced at every spot in the club, including the pool (we just waded on the steps, haha). We ended our night soaking our feet in the jacuzzi. Perhaps when we return to Vegas we'll start our trip at XS AND end our trip at XS! If you're in Vegas, you must check this place out, even if you're not a big clubber or partygoer, the breathtaking venue itself is worth the visit.
4	Yikes! Had to drop a star, only because this was not as epic of an experience as my first. You can never really top your first time at a club of this caliber. Plus, instead of paying the usual $20, I paid a little over double through an event company so that our large party could get VIP entry. One of the guys from our group stood in line by himself and got in way before us and didn't have to throw down a whopper for it. It just goes to show that waiting in line can pay off, if you arrive early enough. This place has gotten so much hype through word of mouth and commercial advertising that it's become "the place" to get your party on. I'll be darned that I gotta say I've been there and done that, but you know what? It's true. Sorry XS, but I'll have to give Surrender a chance now. No hard feelings, k?
5	I dedicate my 100th yelp review to XS!!!Please note that I spent the week in Vegas (not weekend)!THIS PLACE IS BEAUTIFUL. And I love how the Grandview (time share) had hook ups to this place. Complimentary admission for guys and girls! So if you're staying at a time share (and especially if it's the Grandview... hit up their front desk for hookups! They're free!!) The wait in line was probably 15-20 minutes which wasn't bad. We were in the back of the line too.Emphasis on beautiful. So many colors, dance floor was big enough, the outside was open but not as open as it would be on the weekends... also beautiful. Anyway around 11 the club was poppin'! As in I actually had room to dance! Sure you have the few bumps from people coming from outside and vice versa to get air, but other than that, just enough space to dance!Drinks are expensive, yeah. I bought my cousin an adios for $16. After that he made friends with bottle service VIP people while I danced with many guys to get many free drinks. That's how it's done.Overall, place is beautiful. Yeah, I already said that. Definitely my favorite nightclub in Vegas! I want to go baaaaack!!!
4	I finally get to review this place!While I have never been here Friday or Saturday where it might be crazier, Sunday night seems so chill. Here's how you get in:- Find those VIP passes for Sunday nights at the Wynn gift shop or if you must, find those nightclub guys on the strip giving them out for a price. I was able to grab some from my last trip (11/09) and they were still being honored at the door. Bouncers are professional; he even said Happy Birthday to me too haha- Get there early at 10pm. I know that seems early, but you just need that coveted stamp on your hand. Leave the club, pre-party and come back to the stamp line when its poppin. - Apparently Sunday nights during the summer at XS are Nightswim Sundays so dress code is really relaxed. I saw dudes walking in with boardshorts, t-shirts, and flip flops. I didn't get the memo so I felt overdressed.The club is beautiful and huuuge. There's millions of staff walking around and millions of bottle service tables everywhere. The bathroom attendants are nice. The only downside is that the music is 95% house. I'm definitely coming back though. PS. Saw Steve Wynn entering the club. Apparently he has a private room overlooking the club.
5	Well people, you are right! XS is THEE hottest night club in Las Vegas right now.  We stayed at the Wynn and even though we tried to venture out and about to different clubs, we ended up here every single night.  The DJ is good, the people are beautiful and the set up of the place is gorgeous! Watch out for the water though, its pretty easy to fall into drunk.  XS is definitely the best.
5	XS did not fail to disappoint once again, and twice in one weekend.Just a note, XS is not opened Thurs night, but his buddy Tryst is.We had 8 ladies rolling down from our room at 10pm, walked down the line to met up with our guy and then proceeded to walk past the huge line, ID stamp, past the counter and into the club in less than 5 minutes, both nights. it's no lie that girls have it much easier in vegas. the general line was almost twice the size of friday's line at 10pm, so get there EARLY. i remember seeing the line round away with the hall--i dont think i ever saw the end of it.the club was filled in no time and guys are on the HUNT out there. the crowd was very good looking and all very friendly--met some great people. did NOT get my ass grabbed here--speaks a lot as i cant say the same for haze and jet. the crowd was a little different on saturday, but definitely just as cracking.great music and an impromptu paris hilton appearance saturday night. i thought it was funny they played "stars are blind." never made it in the pool but had a great time nonetheless.honestly, i dont think i can go to any other club anymore. XS all the way.
5	Quite simply the best nightclub in Vegas. Possibly ever. This last weekend we had a table inside of the club and the party was completely insane. Some guy who got a dance floor table bought every club a bottle of Patron. Is it likely to happen again, no. It was an awesome experience to say the least though.
5	XS; we meet again. This time you were fairly nice to me so I want to say, Thank you. I recommend coming on a Sunday. Easy access, Pools open, less crowded, and best of all, gambling tables are open!!! :) Tables do start at $25, but whats 25 bucks when you get free rounds of drinks?  Yup... load up GENTS because you'll be spending a GRIP at the bar.
4	o the club that is always the talk of the night in Las Vegas....my first experience here wasn't amazing, but was fun. I can truly say that this club is proabably one of the most beautiful of them all. It includes what all clubs provide and more so. the dance floor can be a little bigger, it's as if they do not have a capacity limit... when they should! they have beddings, sofas, patios, pools, and bars, lots and lots of VIP sections, go go dancers and shit load of techno music. first time here was super fun, it was packed, but not crazy packed. met Aussie soccer players and chilled at thier VIP. this place is definitely a dress to impress environment. Guys will take you into their VIPS easy this way. BUT WARNING LADIES, just because they have a VIP or lead you to it, DOES NOT MEAN FREE ALCOHOL... second time was not so good. i wasn't drunk. it was ridiculously crowded. there was practically 11 different lines just to get into this club on a saturday night in june. Lucky i got to skip all that nonsense and got in for free. failry priced for men: 50$ and gals: 20$ saw the most beautiful ppl, but i couldn't even enjoy walking around this dam club when it's too damn pack!!!! UGH especially when you are not wasted no bueno. yes, this club is HUGE, but it gets filled up fast,every nook and crannyand techho all freaking night? really? i couldn't do it. most guys are pussys to come up to you, they just point, stare hard or compliment but need to be wasted to dance or take a shot. come on its VEGAS! after being irritated we left around 1:30 am and there was still a shit load of lines of people lining up waiting to get into the club. pointers: it's a beautiful club, go drunk, becuase bar lines are ridiculous, if it's too pack so not worth it...
5	Expensive but probably one of the most fun clubs ive been to. We stayed at the encore so cover for guys was $20 but i think its a lot more otherwise....but its vegas so youre probably here to spend money...We also paid to cut the line but its expected as we were all wearing pants.
5	My favorite club in Vegas!  Honestly I moan every time my friends want to go here cause I've been here every single time for the last 6 trips or so.  But I always have a great time!  Music is good, not too loud, always a lot of space because it extends outdoors.  The line is long but is quicker than you think, I don't think we've waited more than an hour.  Last time we went we saw Paris Hilton.
3	XS is one of the best looking clubs I've been.  Automatic 5 star.  Gets really overcrowded after midnight on fridays and saturdays.  I recommend coming before 10 to avoid waiting forever in line, unless you're on the guestlist.  Decent prices for the tables and cabanas.  Alot of beautiful people here so dress to impress.  Dance floor can be a bit bigger.  It felt like a sardine can there with no room to move around.  Same goes with the entire club.  There is hardly room to move around the place.  Minus one star.  Music was ok until they started playing paris hilton when she rolled into the club.  total buzz kill.  Minus one star.   $30 bucks for guys and $20 for ladies.  Suggest drinking before coming because it's not worth it unless you're ballin then go for it.  If you can, get a cabana.  It's worth it if you just wanna hang back, chill, drink and get a good view of girls stripping near the pool.
5	We got here around 11pm on a Sunday night, no need to stand in line, there is none lol.  The inside clubbing area was closed so everyone went to the pool area, which I like a lot because I get to take off my shoes and dance in the shallow parts! The price you pay for looking fabuuloussss in 4+ inch heels :)My friend gambled at the table so we got 4 shots of Hennessy for free, heyyyyyyyyyy, party over here!The music could've been better, too much trance/house, I would've liked more hiphop.  There weren't that many people but I've been to this club when it's PACKED and it is definitely one of the places to be.
5	WOW. Hands down, BEST nightclub EVER!!But if you don't come here early, the line can get superrrrr long! There's not really a guestlist so cover for girls is $20 and guys is $30. This may be the one club in Vegas where girls actually have to pay to get in, but it's SO worth it! I went on a Saturday night and it was seriously crowded. It was so hard to move through the crowd, especially on the dance floor. Music was awesome though! It was SO loud near the front that I thought the bass would make the heart jump out of my chest! And every once in a while, money would fall from the ceiling and the crowd would just go wildddd! It was all $1 bills though but it's all good. My friend managed to collect 20 of them so she pretty much made up for the club cover charge right there! haha!The outdoor area was really nice, definitely not as loud so you can actually carry a conversation. Plenty of places to sit which was nice, and there were quite a few people dancing with their shoes off in the super shallow area of the pool. You can dance AND let the cool water soothe your sore feet and and ankles at the same time. :)Bar service was really amazing despite the crowdedness! And to top it all off, I saw Paris Hilton and John Mayer there too!! AHHH! :D I was sooo close to them!! XS is amazing! The next time I'm in Vegas, I am definitely going back.
3	$20 ladies cover - really? Our lovely group of 9 got in on guestlist, so we didn't need to waste our money on that, but beware of  $15 Grey Goose shots! It was far too crowded when we arrived at 11:45 pm; we were getting shoved and smashed left and right until we made our way outside by the pool. Honestly, this is a gorgeous club, but for all the hype that this place has gotten, I don't understand it. Watch out for:Front door security - they'll herd you like cattle, if you stop for too long in front of their linesSilver Foxes - old men preying on younger womenUnderage dirty girls - you'll spot them dancing on the poles with their coochies and asses hanging out, with random guys taking their photos and rubbing them every which way (ew)Celebrities - they will cause a raging stampede, should they be coming your wayRedeeming factor of our night - we were dancing on one of the empty reserved VIP booths, minding our own business, when Paris Hilton was escorted right next to us. It was pretty cool to see her up close. Then we were promptly trampled by the rest of the club who wanted to snap her photo. Great.I guess if we were to return, I'd heed Yelpers' advice and arrive before 10:00 pm to avoid the massive line and obscene crowd to get in.
1	Great vibe, great music... sucky serviceWe had a table inside... a 120lb girl and a 170lb guy BOTH fell on my 95lb friend. The 120lb girl's stilletos CUT  my friend's arm and my friend was kicked in the eye. This couple knocked over our btl and wax spilled all over my friend's slacks. What did management do... nothing. Seriously, if your gonna allow people to dance on top of the seats MAKE SURE they dont fall and knock over OTHER people's btls... Btls arent cheap especially since it's 200% mark up!  The couple could have started a fire! Us paying patrons didnt ask for wet seats,  clothes, or even wax. Service sucked...
5	4.10.10: Have you seen anything so big and beautiful? We were definitely lucky that night. I have never paid to go clubbing at Las Vegas and I hope I never have to. That is the beauty of being a girl. It was about midnight the girls were weary that we cannot get into club XS at the Wynn. We did not know anyone and we knew the lines are long and we will never get in. We were in our hotel debating to go or not. I for one know that we have a good chance. I mean gosh the girls I was with was major Hotties with the Body too. I made a plan B in case we can't get in so we finally left the hotel room. As we walked towards the exit door almost every person turned their heads and check out my lovely sister. She was HOT! We took about two steps out the door, and we were greeted immediately. The hotel clerk asked if we needed a taxi, he completely ignored the people in line and got a taxi to drive right in front of us. On top of that, he got a piece of paper and wrote down whom to contact at XS. We were shocked, front row service. People in the taxi line were probably pissed off, but whatever. Ha ha. When we got to XS, the lines were long. We went up to a guy with a clipboard, gave him the piece of paper. He then gave us some tickets, and then put us in a line that is not even a line and we bypassed about 100 plus people and we walked right in. XS had people everywhere. I really liked their pools. OMG, you can get table service right next to the pool. Girls everywhere were soaking their legs splashing around and just chillen. I was surprised that there wasn't anyone in bathing suits. There were canopy tables all around the entire club. The dance floor was super duper packed. You are better off standing near or in the pool dancing. It was pretty neat that they also had a little gambling area as well. They are smart. Drunken party people love to spend. The minimum poker table was about $100. Insane right? Well the place is big and fits thousands of people it looks like; I would definitely come here again. LOVE IT!
5	Hands down the best nightclub ever. Steve Wynn definitely knows how to do it big when it comes to XS. The line is rIdiculously long after 10PM. Yes, 10PM (friday and saturday nights) So make sure you go early, 9:30 ish get your stamp and go back out to pregame before going back to XS when the party get popping.Drinks are expensive, 2 long islands will run you close to $40. But hey, just being in there will make you feel like a baller so why not spend some money on booze! Just don't drink so much that you fall in the pool.This place is usually full of celebrities too, last time i was there i saw Paris , Nikki Hilton and also John Meyer. XS is a must go for anyone clubbing in vegas!
4	XS is definitely one of the top places to go to! Table service is highly suggested, there are so many people there, especially on Monday nights!
3	I have mixed feelings about this club. The venue is super nice and the outside area with the pool is quite nice. The layout is similar to Tryst at the Wynn but 100x larger.Friday night, got in line at 845 to get stamped and was done by 915. Went back to the room to drink and came back at 11. Reentry line was non-existant and walked right on in. If you dont wanna wait in line all night, do this.The club was super packed. Couldnt get around much and the DJ was whack. Kept on playing Black Eye Peas over and over again due to stupid Paris Hilton.  My buddy had a table here which made it a bit easier but by 1am, i was pretty much over XS and bounced.I'll give it another shot, hopefully they have a better DJ by then
4	BEST club in Vegas - HANDS DOWN.Minus one star for kicking my friend out for losing a shoe... things happen!! But kudos for finding the shoe and having it ready for retrieval 2 days later!XS addresses my usual complaints about clubs and it is beautiful and humongous!! I hate that it's stuffy, they open it up to the outside. I hate standing around all night, they have sitting areas outside right by the water!! I love going into pools and kicking water around obnoxiously at my friends...theeeeyyy....don't really let you do that but I managed to make it happen anyways! =)No Vegas trip is complete without XS! I know the line is long... but yeah, people know where it's at!
4	XS is my favorite club in Vegas. Since I discovered it last year, I make a point to come here whenever I'm in town. It's definitely one of the more spacious clubs -- my favorite is the outdoor area by the pool (note: ladies, really useful towards the end of the night to soak your tired, aching feet in!). Yes, the drinks are expensive, but not unusual for Vegas. Music ranges from hip hop to techno/rave, depending on the DJ that night. I highly recommend this place!-L.
5	Great place to party for any type of crowd! The venue is set up beautifully!!!!
1	HATE HATE HATE XS...yeah yeah it's beautiful and big and has a good variety of music (especially if you like house music) but beware of the crowd...Guys here are snobs and wayyyyy to full of themselves.. I'd consider myself classy and all but this club is full of yuppies... Get over yourselves people. and I'm not trying to be racist or anything but unless you like hanging around a lot of asian people then this club is not for you! I mean everyone has a preference when it comes to the types of guys/girls they like right? ok case closedEverytime I've been here I've left early and gone back to Tryst.. which is WWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY better than XS and has better hook-ups! minus a star for the horrible rude staff too...
5	No matter what I say here, words can't describe from the experiences I have here. All I'll give here are 2 recommendations to minimize the troubles to maximize the fun you can have at this ultra nightclub. 1. Come early: this goes for guys and grls. bottle service lines gets long as well on busy weekends. 2. Pregame & splurge: I recommend pregaming in ur encore room prior in coming here. drinks are quite overpriced. A round of 6 champagnes goes for $120 plus tip. Hope this 2 cents help & have a ballin time in Vegas!
5	This was so much fun, buttt OMG CROWED. I'm getting old so I def. won't do this again, but if your 20-30 and full of energy def. check it out.
2	Okay, here's the deal. DJs are generally really decent. The go-go girls are good. It's just a trendy place for people to waste money. I've gone here multiple times to a four star experience. They're really pretentious, and the experience has almost matched the arrogance. However, that was before I met the worst server ever.July 4th, 2010, I had a female server at our cabana who had zero customer service sense. I disliked her attitude so much that I'm dropping my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars (luckily there were some good people and music, or it'd be a definite single star). To summarize her, she was a really tall (6'2" in heels) brunette with a deep tan and a...bitch shield? What??We were being kind to her and none of us were flirting with her. There was really no explanation for her attitude. Was she wanting one of us to hit on her (because immature girls will do that sometimes to get the desired response)? It wouldn't surprise me since there were a lot of good-looking guys in our crew. It was funny, there was this mirror at the back of our cabana, and she'd walk in staring straight at herself until the very last second. Hah. This kind of service is -not- okay when we're throwing down hundreds of dollars. We deserve more than another piece of self-absorbed eye candy -- a dime a dozen in Vegas.Wynn Hotel, please don't hire girls to -customer service- positions just because they look good in skimpy clothing. Make sure they have some semblance of a personality and social sense. It only takes one bad server to ruin the rep of a place.
4	Beautiful giant ass place with EXTREMELY priced drinks. Bottle service and a table for a grand? Good thing I cant max out the AMEX black...... Oh yeah. Lets all go to THE CLUB ! XS you really do it correct. Proper correct. You can dance all weekend here and be drunk and talking to people from all over the damn world. It's like I was back in NYC at webster hall or the limelight (10 years ago). Ahh It was a good time and the its Vegas so you can go outside and see all the famous folk a wondering around or maybe they won't be.  A friend of mine saw COCO LEE here on Americas birthday weekend. In the end you will have fun here. More so if you can afford the 100 Blackjack table.
5	Three words: BEST CLUB EVER!!!! OMG, this place is incredible and this will have to be one place that I hit up on every Vegas trip from now on. No wonder it's the #1 club in Vegas!! It's huge and gorgeous!! My girlfriends and I went here on the last night of our 4th July girls weekend getaway... and boy did we save the best for last!! Went here on Sunday, July 4. My promoter was AWESOME and got BOTH the girls and guys in for free on the holiday. Love ya Steve!! Anyways, I think we came here about 11ish, after eating at Wazuzu in Encore. The line wrapped around buy my goodness, it was the shortest wait I've ever experienced. Honestly, probably 5 min, 10 minutes wait at the most. Also, unlike Tryst, the bouncers were cute AND friendly!! I flagged down the first guy I saw and he couldn't be nicer... "Hi sweetheart, what can I do?" LOL, I about melted!! Told him I was on the guestlist... and oh btw, 1 extra guy that wasn't on the list originally. He said ok, and gave me the pass, told us to have our ID's out and we ALL got in for free. Went down to the next bouncer where he checked our ID's and stamped our hands... also friendly and cute (not as cute as the first guy, but cute)... walked to the next bouncer and he checked our ID's again...he took my hand, gave me a weird look, and started laughing. "Huh? Why do you have a stamp already?" I was like that guy checked our ID's and stamped it. Oh he said, then you didn't need to come to me... but would like you another stamp anyways? Sure I said. LOL. So he laughed and stamped us all again and told us to have fun. I love the bouncers here. We were walked in by another bouncer, also hot and friendly.Stepped into the club and the entrance is gold. Gold on the walls, on the ceilings, gold body statues... just beautiful. Keep walking up the stairs and down to the club... overlooking the pool!! We walked around to check out the rest of the club... there's cabanas on the lower and upper level. We go up to the upper level to see the whole place. My goodness, did Mr. Wynn know how to have a club!! The main bar area is in the center w the pool surrounding it. Ordering a drink here is not easy... image, this place is 40,000 sq ft, and the place was PACKED!!!! That is a lot of people!! There are also tables for gambling too... the limits are on the higher end, but from what I know, you get free drinks when you gamble... so it might be worth checking out. The dance floor I must say is very small compared to the rest of the club. Personally I loved staying by the pool. Lots of Asians at this club... but there are other ethnics too.Anyways, a pool in a club where you can actually go into... BEST idea ever!! I have never seen so many good looking guys w their shirts off. Oh how I wanted to jump into the pool... but I didn't have a bathing suit on underneath. I should have anyways. It apparently didn't stop many guys who decided to just go ahead and jump in w their boxers or the boxer-briefs (HOT!!!) Also, soaking your feet into the pool after the 3rd night of clubbing in 5 inch heels feels incredible AMAZING!!! The drinks here are good too... didn't taste hard but sure packed a punch afterwards... or maybe bc it was the 3rd night in a row? LOL.Anyways, 4th July at XS was soo much fun!! I bought novelty items for the trip, so we had 4th July headgear and leis... it got some fun attention, LOL. Lots of high-5's from people and drunk guys asking like 5 times, whose b-day it is. Another thing I liked was that the guys here were actually very nice and decent. They just wanted to have fun and didn't try to get you to "hang out after". Some of the guys in the pool were slightly shy, which I thought was adorable. There were beach balls to throw around and everyone was just friendly and having fun, no pressure!This club most def deserved 5 stars!! If I could give more, I would!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this club and will be going here again on the next Vegas trip for sure!! A+++ for this club: - cute and friendly bouncers- pool you can actually go into- friendly and fun crowd (goes for both the girls and guys)- 40,000 sq ft of fun!!! Plus lots of FREE seating (poolside and all around the club) - my promoter getting both the girls and guys in for free!!... next time, I'll have my bathing suit ready to go... and if not, I'll still going in the pool!!
5	Simply put, XS is nothing short of amazing. The energy and vibe this club exudes is beyond comprehension. This place is truly one of a kind in many ways from the layout, the people, and the atmosphere.I was determined to spend my last night in Vegas during the 4th of July weekend at XS. We tried going here the night before, but the neverending line kind of scared us off. However, this night (July 4th to be exact) was the night to go at all costs. And I'm not joking with the "at all costs" part. There were six guys in our group. We cut a deal with one of the bouncers. We paid him $200 (roughly $33 per person) plus each of us would pay cover ($30 for guys). We didn't care because we got in while everyone else had to wait in the neverending line.What was great about this night was that it was one of their "Nightswim" nights where people were encouraged to wear their swimwear. I was really surprised to see most of the club goers dressed in club attire. Well, they missed out because everyone who partied in the pool (including myself) had an absolute blast! Oh, and if you tried to jump in the pool with your club attire, you got kicked out. Fun times!The bartenders here are so stacked! And when I say "stacked" I mean "God damn, they have huge fake boobs!" I was tempted to order milk every time I was up to order drinks. I wound up spending over $300 on drinks. Did I care? No! It's Vegas and you should be expected to blow your money away. And XS was the best place for me to waste my money. This was by far the best clubbing experience I've had...EVER!
5	This place is unreal.  From the moment you walk in I was impressed.  After getting pushed around on the dance floor at Tao the night prior, myself and friends were looking forward to going to a club that is bigger without feeling claustrophobic.  It was 50 bucks cover for a sat night which is definitely pricey but this place is impressive.  Lots of high rollers in the vip.  The night we were there "money" mayweather was there!  There are lots of attractive people (big surprise).  The club has an outdoor portion and a pool in the back.  All in all the best club I have been to in vegas just bring cash and arrive early.
4	Love this place!!!...my jaw did drop to the floor when I saw the ridiculous line, but the wait was worth it!!...Tables were supposedly ALL BOOKED and the hosts wanted to get tipped on top of the $50 covercharge for guys and $20 for girls. The inside of the club is sooo beautiful..almost slipped on the dancefloor a few times though...~"~..the best part is the pool...I got to soak my feet when they were about to fall off....and the breathtaking view you get of your surroundings...definately a must visit spot in vegas..
3	Okay I have to give the club 3 stars for being beautiful and having great dance music and the pool that you can put your feet i after dancing for hours. However I would have giving it a 1 based on service. The people who work here are the RUDEST people on the planet. Our waitress, Noi...yes Noi is her name was a B. First our table reservation was lost (not actually lost they were just being rude because we were on guest list and they had set it up so we would have a 2 bottle min for our table instead of 4 so apparently that couldn't possibly be right but there was no way 8 girls could drink 4 bottles of alcohol.) anyway after we got in and were lead to our table by the pool we see that there are only 4 chairs, we asked for more and snotty little Noi says "this is what you get for 2 bottles, if you want to buy more then you can find someone and we might be able to move you to a better table." I swear Noi was almost using her fake boobs as floatation devices in the pool. When she brought the bottles we paid and even gave her a VERY generous tip, hoping she would be nicer, did she? yeah for the other 2 seconds we saw her she was a peach. I had to drink a couple of cocktails quickly to calm down. But once I did we had a great time dancing. If you don't mind being treated like crap by a stupid waitress go here you can drink until she looks like a normal person and not the devil and then have a great time.IF however you would like great service, a great view and fantastic dancing I sugguest Pure. We were there with table service the night before and it far surpassed all the hype and attitude of XS
4	XS is definitely the place to be, as can be seen by the ridiculous lines!  I confess I did not read the yelp reviews to prepare myself for this endeavor, and almost had to pay for it. It was touch-and-go for about an hour with nine of us girls trying to get in, but it was definitely worth all the shuffling-around-in-stiletto-pain.The club is over-the-top amazing.  You name it, they've got it.  Dance floor - check!Another dance floor  - check!Indoor seating - check!Outdoor seating - check!Go Go dancers - check!Pool - check!Pool where people can take off their shoes and dance in - check!Outrageous priced drinks - check!Celebrity sighting - check!Yes, Paris Hilton showed up at the table next to us!!The only downside: Ladies, please beware of men who are too eager to whip out their cell phones to take pictures of random girls.  Eek.All in all, I will come back and I'll be sure to get there early!
1	Obnoxious, arrogant, crowded. All the attitude of old school NYC clubs with none of the taste or originality. Gauche and shallow.
5	Just wanted to say, always a good time here. Guaranteed.I'm taking 1 star away because Guillermo doesn't work here anymore :(. But that still leaves me with 5 stars.
5	By far, XS has got to be my favorite nightclub on the strip.  I've never had as much satisfaction with a club as many times as I have with XS.  For the past year, I've been going to Vegas about once a month on average and I've been trying to venture out to see new clubs and compare and whatnot, but I always know that if I don't have one good night for the weekend, I can always rely on XS to give me that second good night.It can get a little pricey, but you have to realize that it's Vegas.  Girls usually can get in free before midnight, and guys generally have to pay $30.  It really helps to get a promoter's number, especially for girls, but it's a little harder for guys unless you have an amazing girl to guy ratio.  Saturdays are also bad for promoters, but most other nights work pretty well.  There's a strict dress code for guys, especially for collared button up shirts and dress shoes.When you walk in, the sight is pretty breath-taking.  You see lights streaming the entire ceiling and you see these luxurious booths with tables and seats all over the place.  You can look down to see the dance floor and just past it is an amazing clear and blue pool.  You can't go in the pool, but you can sit on some of their furniture that they have on the shallow end.  Girls really love this cause they take can off their shoes and dip their feet in the water.  They have lots of booths and tables surrounding the pool, some of which are free to all guests, not just by reservation.  There's even a bar and a mini casino out by the other side of the pool that makes it seem almost like island. The dancefloor is not bad.  It's not too small but it's not huge.  The best thing is that if you get too crowded or need a break, there's plenty of space outside for you to just chill or go grab a drink.  They have some pole dancers up top, which are OK.  They're not all amazing, but they're decent.  They play a lot of house music, which I love, so I never hav ea problem with it.  But they do mix in a couple top 40 and other popular songs into them so it's not just house.  It's usually a good crowd.  Not too much, but not too little, except when it rains and everyone rushes inside...but the age range is generally mid 20's to mid 30's and everyone is just there to have fun, dance, drink, and get drunk.  It's  a lot more fun going with a group then trying to pick up girls though, cause most of the girls just wanna dance with their friends, like most other clubs haha.Drinks run at about $14 for a cocktail, which is pretty average for Vegas, but 9/10 times your drink will never come out wrong.  I don't know how they do it, but they hire some pretty badass bartenders, and most of them are pretty good looking girls.But yeah, pretty much if you're looking for a good nightclub experience, XS is probably your best bet.
5	Okay, XS just revived itself in my book with their Sunday Night Swim events.  On Sunday nights, swim wear and swimming in the pool is encouraged.  I love that I can be swimming and lounging poolside in my bikini at 3 am.  They close the indoor part of the club and only the outside is available.  The music is House/Techno and they have cuban-esque live trumpet players enhancing the music.  I think the Sunday Night Swim has not quite caught on yet because only about 15% of the people were dressed casually while the majority of the crowd was dressed up in typical club gear.  I could tell the people dressed up were envious of those of us dressed in swim suits because even at 2 am, it's hot in Vegas.  It felt so good to jump in the pool.  XS is too crowded for my taste on Fridays and Saturdays but Sunday was perfect.  There were a lot of people but it wasn't a sardine can.  I can't wait to go to Sunday Night Swim again.  Oh, and yes, as absurd as it may seem, get dressed up to go swimming.  Bikini with sky high heels, full make-up, and jewelry is a-ok in Vegas and it feels so good to look that hot.
5	Seriously best club I have been to in Vegas. If you have to wait in the line, it will seem like hell. But trust me it is worth it. The club is huge and has both a massive indoor and outdoor area. Inside is awesome and the dancefloor is huge. Outside it a whole other realm. There is a pool with a shallow surrounding where there are tables in the water!! There are also two more bars outside and places for you to gamble. Honestly one of the best times I have ever had in Vegas, totally worth it.
5	All I have to say is ....XS IS THE BESTTTT CLUBBBB EVERRRRR! LOL! Sorry I just really loved my experience there :)I went to XS at the beginning of June with 13 other girls including fellow yelper, Angelica C. (See her review below!)  We had heard all the hype about XS from friends that had gone for spring break that we just had  to make XS our last Las Vegas club adventure.My review, like my experience at XS must be viewed through the eyes of a drunk 22 year-old woman on her first Las Vegas adventure. XS was crazy packed with soooo many people, a bar everywhere you turn, and an amazing pool! The music was great the whole night. The lines for the bathrooms weren't too bad. Paris Hilton was there and so were Lil Jon and Too Short.I can't say much because I was totally inebriated but if you find yourself in Las Vegas, get yourself to XS! Oh and bring a bunch of girls with you! We got in for my favorite price of FREEEEEEE!
2	HMMM NOT MUCH TO SAY HERE! The usual new "hit" club. This place was gorgeous, hence the two stars, the people were ugly though. The music was horrible something like a jumble of mike jones and chingy? yeah sounds about right. Next time I will save $100 bucks on drinks and sleezy guys and take it over to an after hours house club instead,
4	Easy moving line, no BS for the most part.  If you get there and see a HUGE, do not trip.  No reason to slip the doorman money, the lines moves incredibly fast.  Way faster than any Vegas club I been to.Drinks were cheap for Vegas club standards, I think it was $12 for a mixed drink.  There were a lot of tables for bottle service.  Outdoor area was nice, gives you places to go outside of the dancefloor and bar.
4	Inside / outside area. Can put feet in pool.Diverse crowd.Able to find a place to rest / get air / dance.Need to bribe the bouncers.$20 cover for girls.Small dance floor, but usually find a spot to dance that is less crowded (e.g. around the tables).
4	Oh XS, I hate you, yet I love you so. Your lines to get in are ridiculously long (and I'm talking about the line to get in if you're on the VIP list - God help you if you find yourself in the general admission line) and I'm fairly certain you pack yourself way past capacity as it takes luck or a swift elbow to the ribs to make your way through the throngs of beautiful partygoers. With that said, you're always a great freaking time. Your bartenders are quick, your vibe is sexy and your dance floor is where the magic happens. I'll definitely be back soon.
5	XS is one of the better clubs in Vegas and has a gorgeous venue with the huge pool and outdoor bars. They play a good variety of music and the go-go dancers are pretty hot. The crowd differs but sometimes you run into obnoxious people or guys who are looking for a fight. I've seen the fights and champagne being dumped on people. Yes, the drinks are overpriced and yeah, it's flooded with Asians (I am Asian and I don't give a crap) but if you don't like it, go to a different club. It can get insanely crowded and I can't believe people wait in that ridiculous line to get in. Get to know the right people so you can skip the line and get in w/o any entrance charge. 5 stars because Vegas puts up a great looking club and I don't have to spend any $ on entrance or drinks just cuz I'm a girl :)
5	HANDS DOWN BEST NIGHTCLUB EVER! We went to the pool party on JULY 4th. If your a dude get there early. Not talking like 2-3 hours early, probably more like an hour or 30 minutes before the door opens. I know, even that may sound like a hassle but trust me, its well worth it! Also, call ahead and ask what event is going  on that night, some nights are regular dress nights and some are pool party night so the dress attire is different depending on the night. We got there about an hour early so there was only about 20-30 people in line,we were so worried about dress code becuase i heard two different things, but luckily we still got in! When  we first got it it was still early probably about nine. It looked super classy and a bit intimidating. My friend and i had been drinking since about 10am and we had a conversation with some other dudes who were waiting along too. at this time no one was in the pool yet. fast forward 2 hours. the music started picking up and more and more people started to come in. for every dude there were probably 3-4 women that would follow. had a couple more drinks which was just enough to get me to take my clothes off. down to swim trunks at least. By then the music was bumping and the pool was filled with beautiful, drunk people just like me. Maybe it was the alcohol but everyone around seemed so friendly and there was no shame in initiating conversation. The atmosphere is super cool. ESPECIALLY on pool nights! everyone there is super friendly and there's no reason that you shouldn't be able to make new friends there! You can either be the dude walking around and meeting people or swimming around in the pool tossing around the beach balls after a few drinks! i dont remember if there was a food menu, i was too busy meeting people and hanging out in the pool but thats an excuse to go back again next time :D if you enjoy partying late night hours, with great music, excellent atmosphere and great people this will be the climax of your nightout!
5	Best nightclub in Vegas!Be aware that there isn't a guestlist at XS on Fri/Sat nights. This isn't really an issue as long as you can arrive to XS shortly after the club opens or within the first hour. The staff rolls the line and it moves quickly so you pay cover and you're inside a lot quicker than you would expect looking at the size of the line. On Sun/Mon nights the guestlist is very liberal and the staff will comp entry on groups with mostly girls and a couple of guys. A far as the club itself... not much more needs to be said. Immaculate attention to detail regarding the interior of the club. The dancefloor patio opens up to the pool where you can get away from the crowds when it gets too packed inside. There's always a spot to retreat to at XS which is a bonus compared to other clubs where you feel trapped on a busy night. Plan on doing bottle service to take full advantage of everything this nightclub has to offer!
5	This is the place everybodys talking about nowadays. It did win best nightclub of the year, I think. Very very nice looking nightclub. The main dancefloor is opened to the outside pool area. Inside, the VIP area is very upscale, classy. The 2 times I've gone, we had to wait in line, but they staff seems very organized so it moves pretty efficiently. $30 cover for guys. Outside pool area is nice to get away from the crowd on the dancefloor, but you don't get the same sound/lighting experience, which is amazing. On the other side of the pool is the gambling area. They have blackjack and not sure what else. Sundays they have nightswim, haven't gone, but pretty cool/fun idea
4	This club is always PACKED!!... i feel bad for the people who's waiting in line, I heard it takes forever to get in... if you're not getting a table service, then go there early like 9PM that save u a lot of time waiting in line. I love how they have both indoor & outdoor clubs. great circulation, but believe me outside gets pretty hot too. Last time i went, I didn't even step on the dance floor because it was that crowded. but I enjoyed dipping my feet in the Jacuzzi outside. Inside is more wild, there's poles, huge dance floor. Table services all around. Outside scene is more chill, relaxing, there are beds you could lay on.. Jacuzzi you can put you feet into, and if you want gamble, they have the casino in the club next to the bar. yes gamble in a club, very unique loved the whole idea. I am def. a fan of this place =)
3	Perhaps I was at XS on an off night. I'm not sure.Let me start with that the decor and the indoor/outdoor areas are simply fantastic. I love the layout, I love the pool area, and I love the lighting. Just a great look to it all. But, as I said in another review - I am a bit of a music snob, so take the following as you will.What the hell? The music at XS was just...not great. Not even really GOOD. Now, I was there on a Friday, so I can't speak to the Saturday music/DJ, but on Friday it was just bad. Eurotrash remixes, no flow, just iffy mixing, and no real fluidity. I know everything in Vegas is clubbed up and bigger and more kitschy. But this was simply not good.Now, the drinks were great (and not terribly priced either). The line was well organized, moved quickly, and I couldn't complain about much else. I just think the music dictates the vibe, and the music just wasn't there. Again, coulda been an off night - and I would give it another shot - but I've had much more fun at Tao and other spots.
4	This club mos fed lives up to the hype.I've been to XS on Fridays and Saturdays. I would say the crowd on Saturday is better than Fridays. If you're not too big on huge Asian crowds, then don't come on Saturdays =PNo bottle service for us.Usually we would aim to get to XS before 9PM to get handstamped to avoid the ridiculous long line & to possibly pay no cover. This past Saturday we went, some people in our group, guys & girls who got there before 9 were able to get their hand stamped and didn't have to pay, so give it a try!! Once you get your hand stamped, leave and come back to the club.We got to the line by 9:30, line wasn't too bad, we probably waited about 30 minutes. This past Saturday, guys paid $50 and girls paid $20. Crowd has a good amount of good looking people. Beautiful pool area for you to dip your feet into =D good music and spacious! However, it does get crazy packed!
3	XS wasn't a prioritiy club for me to visit. I'm picky with music but in Las Vegas, you don't really go to the clubs to dance because most of the music played is really crappy mash-ups or the club is too packed and you can't C-walk or do the Dougie without getting booty bumped. Of course, you're usually too drunk to care about any of those things and you dance anyways. I digress.My 3 stars is based on a 45 minute stay at XS. We got there on Monday at 1am, there was a small line but apparently some guy my boyfriend met in a bathroom was able to get us in ahead of the line for cheap, less than $20, and hey it worked! So we get in and it's packed, not packed like a weekend though. We found a spot to dance but it was too cramped. From where we were standing, it looked like the pool area wasn't open but we were too lazy to fight through the crowd to check out the situation. There was good hip hop playing for 30 minutes straight.I'm only 26 and already cantankerous. Crowds make me grumpy and I don't have the energy to club all night...lame. If you're lame like me but curious about this place, you should come on a Monday. If I return here, it will only be if I get bottle service, which I'm too poor for anyway. I'm just happy I'm able to say that I've been to XS. I will agree that it is very pretty inside.
5	I went to XS a couple of weekends ago to celebrate my birthday. Let me say, this was hands down the best nightclub I went to that entire weekend.The moment you walk in you can hear the music, which gets you hyped. You walk up a set of stairs and at the top you can see a panoramic view of the entire club - the dancefloor, the tables, the swimming pool in the back, all of it. It's breathtaking.The staff was great. The bartenders were friendly, even though the lines were ridiculous. The security guards & bouncer were super friendly; we were joking with them the entire time.  The security wasn't the pushy bossy type and was even helpful in finding us a cab at the end of the night.Just a warning for the guys though: be prepared to pay a hefty cover charge. I went on a Saturday night and had to pay a $50 cover charge while the ladies only had to pay $20. Luckily it's well worth the money, otherwise my rating would've gone down a star.
2	ummm yeah.... update review ... came back here again 11 months later....same thing... overcrowded... too many dudes... i agree the club is looks awesome and its huge... girls are hot too... but damn... too crowded and terrible ratio
5	This is definitely the best club i've ever been to. Its gorgeous, well set up, has great music, strong drinks AND you can dance in a pool. I absolutely love this place. LOVE it.
4	I've gotten Xed at XS recently. w00tDon't mix SoCo and Patron. evarbunch of dudes. gogo dancers. $50 cover. long line extending to the venetian. outdoor patio. pool. dancefloor is in open air. dont fall asleep next to a bouncer. he will X you.
3	PROs: When it comes to Venue, this place ROCKS! And it is the most beautiful venue I've seen. Dance poles dispersed around the club for sexy dancing or self-humiliation moments...it really depends on alcohol consumption. Dance floor opens up to the pool area. DJ was really good & played top hip hop songs. Good mixing, too. & I like the fact that we can get in & out of the club! Just get a stamp before you exit the club. It's the only club I know that does that.CONs: These are factors that kept me from giving it 5 stars. The bouncer that is manning the exit is a complete douchebag. I'm guessing he's trying to act big & important because he's trying to compensate for something small. If you've tried asking this douche a question, you'll know exactly who I'm talking about. I politely asked which line to get into when we come back & he rudely said he doesn't know. My sister asked him, too, & he said "like I told your friend, I don't know." How can you be an effen bouncer and not know?! Another clubber asked & the douchebag pointed at a sign and said "Can't you read?" You don't have to be a douche about it. That was most of the con. The other is overcrowding issue. There's no clear walking area & since the dance floor opens up to the outside, people walk thru wherever they can. Dance floor so crowded you can't even jump to the music because people are constantly bumping thru. Club was so overcrowded my friend and I were literally sandwiched in one spot (off the dance floor) for 3 minutes! Looking back, I think a fire code was violated!This would be a 5 star if the douchebag was fired and it wasn't so damn overcrowded.
4	All I have to say is GET BOTTLE SERVICE. We didn't because of our very large group. But we still managed to skip the MOnSTER of a line due to our trusty promoter. The club is really beautiful inside and outside.  Yeah, it was packed...and yeah, it was hot...But this is Vegas in July.  When in Rome, right?? I would love to go back. And next time, we're getting a table fo' sho'!
5	This is quite possibly the best club I've ever been to.  The dance floor is indoors and quite large so you aren't freaking everyone to just get to the bar (like Tao), and there's an outdoor pool area where you can chill and lounge if you don't feel like dancing and want some night air away from the loudness of the music.  You can also play some blackjack out there too, but really, if you wanted to gamble you probably should have just stayed in the casino...unless you're trying to be seen.Drinks are expensive (this is Vegas clubbing after all), but it's not impossible to get the attention of the bartenders.  We got a cabana outside by the pool last time we went, which required one bottle for every 3 guys (each bottle was around $400, not including tip). Summary: be prepared to spend some cash, but also get ready for a great time!
4	the standard for all clubs. it's beautiful inside and out. their music is good and if you're lucky you can find ways to get your girls in for free with the guys paying only +/-$30 (really depends on who you talk to). this club is expensive, drinks are expensive (which is why you should pre-party). the only negative thing I'd have to say about this club is the overwhelming crowd. VIP is the best way to go to have your own space to drink and dance and you can climb into the pool whenever you want. if not, you're usually told to get out.I've been here about 2-3 times already. If I could avoid all the crowds and actually get to dance inside on the floor, I'd come back otherwise...I've been there done that. I'll make my Vegas trip more worthwhile by seeing other venues.
5	The best nightclub in Vegas. Hands down. The lines are long and you have to be willing to wait. Especially when in a group of girls and guys. But it's well worth the time and money.It's in Encore, the nicest hotel on the strip. So while we were waiting to get it, it was a nice environment with good backgrounds so great photo opportunities lolHUGE nightclub with the outside patio/pool area that doubles as another dancefloor. The dancefloor is really crowded and packed so our group stayed in the patio the entire time. We got a cabana outside so we had tons of room to sit and lay and take it ALL in. Danced in the pool for a bit. Loved that! We moved inside to the dancefloor when the outside closed at 4am. The inside stays open till 5am. It was nice and cold inside so dancing great! The music here is amazing. It's mostly house/electro so you gotta dig that but even if you don't, it's not really vegas until you check out XS. We wanna go to Surrender next...Oh we will be back!
5	This is the best night club on the planet.  I will never forget the first time I went because it was love at first sight.  It's freaking beautiful inside.  Super crowded if you don't stand in line early.  I would get there by 9:30-10 otherwise the line will be longgg.  Yup.  Crowded bar, crowded bathrooms, and sometimes the music sucks.  But why is this the best club ever?  Because it is.  No matter what happens I cannot have a bad time here.  Probably because we are down to dance no matter what and just go all out.  Also, in my experience XS has the best guys.  Best looking, most normal, good personalities, great dancers.  XS sets the scene with the beauty, drinks, and music.  After that, it's all you.
5	My question is, why would anyone NOT go to XS if they are in Vegas?I understand that you've been to XS every.single.time you've been to Vegas, but let's be real, how can you top XS?Reasons to go to XS:1. The finest ladies come here.2. Super easy to get in.3. No whack ass drink prices like at Surrender.4. Beautiful plush venue with outdoor area so you can catch a breather.5. Large dance area.6. Hot Go-Go Hos7. The best music8. Racially diverse crowd9. Nice staff10. The finest ladies come here.Reasons to not go to XS:1. You're whack.To summarize: if you don't go to XS, you must be out of your mind. You will never have a bad time here!
5	THEEE BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST club ever! We came here for my birthday weekend with my beautiful ladies and we had an amazing time! We got a table, bottles of alcohol left and right. The venue is HUGE and open. We hung out outside for the most part even though we got had table, LOL. We even took off our shoes and danced on the pool! It was soo effing amazing!! I'm going going back to back to Vegas Vegas...in 2 weeeekss!!! Yessss!! :)
5	Shiver me timbers. Everyone says great things about this place, and they are mother freakin' correct!Standing in line, you people watch all the beautiful people waiting to be seen and critiqued. That was fun. Male cover was $30 on a Friday night. Not bad for Vegas I suppose... ladies were $20 unless you had a pass that you could easily pick up off the street or any store. When we got in, it looked very impressive. There weren't any hallways to walk through, rather it was a big open space with chandeliers and stripper poles. Even farther back, it opens up into the pool area where you can walk around and play blackjack and craps. All the available poolside seats are definitely NOT going to be sold out to people, so after a while just have a seat and make yourself seem baller. The group I went with loved everything about this place. The line to get in wasn't so long. The drinks weren't THAT expensive relative to other pretentious clubs. The ambiance was awesome. And the crowd was very nice to look at. I would definitely-definitely come back to XS, and if you could only choose one to go to while you're staying in Vegas then this would be the one.
4	This club is HUGE, but that doesn't mean it doesn't get crowded! You will lose friends so easily, and people can be pushy because it's wave after wave of people. Get here early because the line forms fast, even around 9:30pm. I've never been to Tao.The music WAS great when I went here with my boyfriend a few times. However, my last visit with my friends on July 4th wasn't so great. The music was mostly trance/techno by 12-1am. No wonder a bunch of people were leaving. Don't get me wrong, I do like trance/techno, but I can't dance to it for long, because it doesn't feel "danceable" to me. I can't get into the flow, even though I'm so buzzed. I can dance nonstop to hiphop and house even when I'm sober. And the mixes felt inconsistent as well - they didn't flow that well. The DJ sucked - I couldn't believe that I could have such a bad time at XS just because of the music. The club felt empty by 1am, even though there was a huge line of people outside the club, waiting to get in.The bars are still crowded as hell - best to just go outside and into the hotel, play some tables to get cheap drinks, or go to the bars and spend $5 less on mixed drinks.There are places to sit, but it still gets crowded on holidays and special events. Make some friends with those who have table service - that's what we did during Spring Break. I also saw Criss Angel, but apparently Paris Hilton's been frequenting XS lately. Also, apparently there's a guestlist. I'm still not sure how to get on it, but my friend somehow got us on one, so it was free cover AND priority entrance.
4	One of the best nightclubs I have ever been to.  A little over the top though, as the name suggests though.
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I go to XS.  This summer I went to vegas two weekends in a row so I went to XS twice in a span of 7 days.  Normally I go to Tao on Friday and XS on Saturday, which is what I did my first weekend in Vegas and I really think XS is best to go on a Saturday -- everything and everyone is beautiful (well not everyone, but more beautiful people than you would see at an average club).  This past weekend I went to Vegas for the first time on a Friday night and it was a bit disappointing.  The crowd was not as good, the music (well the music is always kind of not that good - less hip hop and more techno stuff) was alright and everything was just a little less fun.  Moral of this post:  go to XS and when you do, go on a Saturday.  Cost of admission for girls was $20 and $50 (more than normal b/c it was summer season?) for guys but luckily the girls got free admission tickets while walking the strip so we only had to pay $8 to tip the people that gave them to us.
4	Pros:  It's the most beautiful club I have ever been to, and I have been to many.  The crowd is very friendly, no attitude -probably because they don't want to get kicked out and risk their cost of admission.  The girls are beautifully DRESSED.Cons:  It's own excessive beauty is this club's ultimate demise.  I found that the more the club is high end, the less the crowd is willing to really let go and party.  For example, the fancy chandelier lights up to dance floor too much.  It should be darker.  Tons of people not even drinking.  But, there are of course veteran partyers amongst the amateurs.  Use your party radar guide to find them.   Music:  The music is Hip Hop party anthems on speed (tech/house).  I don't like that cause it effs up the version that I've grown to love. Hey DJ, why not just play more of the classic versions so everyone can bounce to it?
5	Monstrous lines for a monstrous club.We got in because my gf's sister knew someone that had bottle service, and got in without having to wait in the huge line. Guys still had to pay 50$ and girls got in free.The main dance floor that's in front of the pool near the entrance is now more packed than ever. The only time I was near that area was when I was walking into the club or walking out.We hung out in the area past the pool, where the other main bar is near the tables. In this part of the club, it's always very spacious. The bottle service area had like a bed/mattress. We pretty much claimed one of the floating bed kinda things on the pool. The gf & I took our shoes off and I rolled up my pants and chilled in the pool for quite a bit. At 95 degree weather in summer time Vegas night, the water felt great. Later on in the night some guy just jumped into the pool, shirt off and everything. The bathroom was nice, and the bouncers/workers are pretty chill. Being the most popular club in vegas, of course the drinks here are gonna be priced super high. Ex. 1 new castle, 1 heineken, 1 long island = 36$. Yes, please pre-game unless you drive something that ends with -ini or -ari or -ati or -enz
4	Out of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas I liked XS the best in terms of architecture and decor. It has both an outside area (with a pool!) and an spacious inside area to dance. However....the dance floors kinda slippery so make sure you girls put those non-slips on your heels! They had bottle service areas all around the dance floor and around the pool. I'm pretty sure I sat in some places I wasn't supposed to haha. whoops. They play mainly top 40s stuff and some trance here and there.Anyways, that's about it...I can't really remember anything else..lol.
4	"Because when we walk into a club we want to take it over. It's like a business and we are Donald trump, Bill Gates, and Steve Wynn of the fitness/club nightlife world and we just take over. I bust a front double bicep as soon as I get in, then after 2 redbull and vodkas I rip my shirt off and usually just sport a tank because "I have a buzz" which I really don't but its an excuse to take my shirt off and if anyone asks "i'm hot from the alcohol" then i hit up the bathroom and look for the handicap stall to get a good pump with the dip bars for the gimps, and we just do our thing you know, all ripped shredded bros just macking on girls and making everyone else feel like shit. We're tanner, we're more shredded, and we make it rain with the cash flow, goose bottles left and right bro."Hahahaha...just wanted to start off my review with something "Jersey Shore"-ish.First time me and my friends, we opted for the bottle service.  The bottle service was very nice since it was in the middle of the summer and was hot as hell.  We had a cabanna bed thingamajig with a view of the pool and easy access to the indoor area.  Our bottle service came with our own personal waitress and bouncer.  The waitress, Carolyn (I can't really remember...all I remember was that she was hot) was friendly and did I mention hot.  Our bouncer, Rob watched our bed thingamajig and kicked out whoever we didn't want in our vicinity.  Extra bonus for us was Montell Jordan was there and performed the classic "This Is How We Do It."The second time we went, we didn't get bottle service since there was a minumum of three bottles.  There were only three of us so I didn't think it was a good idea to destroy our livers with a bottle for each of us.  We went in March which is actually pretty cold at night.  We gambled at the tables across the pool.  Oh yeah did I already tell you that the dealer was hot.  The dealer was very nice to us.  She gave us good tips and suggestions since we were highly intoxicated.  This a place you definitely have to stop by if you are in sin city ( and if you like hot girls)
5	This place is ridiculous. It was seriously hands down one of the best clubs I've ever been to. There's so much going on here that you never get bored. If you get tired from dancing you can chill at the pool, if you want you can go on the island gamble a little.I walked in here on Saturday night thinking oh god...another hyped up club...whatever. But when I got in and went up the stairs, the view was seriously breath taking.I've never seen SO many people in a club...and well SO many people wait outside a club. As I walked in..the line was seriously 1 mile long. Lucky I even got in there (but that's another story).  I guess it really depends on the night you go, but I'll let you know right now..GO EARLY to make sure you get in.  In that line 1 mile long, I saw beautiful women, suited men and still having no luck.  As I walked towards the entrance I talked to a few groups of females coming towards me telling me they had no luck...So heed my advice. Go early or get a table because on a Saturday night...that's the only way you're getting in.What I really liked was the decor and the vibe.  You can just tell everyone in there was having a good time, everyone was looking their best and since it was out doors and in doors, you get the best of both worlds.Ridiculously, outrageous is the perfect way to describe this place, come see for yourself.
4	Likes:- Big venue- Good music- The staff took us to our table quickly and didn't have to really wait in line at all- Even though the venue is open to the pool area, we weren't boiling in the upper 90s heat (I guess the AC is working pretty well at this joint)Dislikes:- Big venue so it's packed to the gills with people- Inconsistent dress code enforcement: one minute you see someone with a T-shirt then a completely dressed up dude the next- What's with the big table with a bunch of old guys (we're talking 50s here, folks)?- Slow table service: we were making our own drinks- "Bigger" ladies in tight clothing: sorry, nothing against you big ladies, but tight clothing is a priviledge not a rightPS - I don't know what the other reviewers were talking about when they say it's full of AsiansPPS - get a table + bottle service; I'm not a big fan of fighting a crowd 15 deep just to get a drink no waiting in that ridiculous line
4	Seems like this is one of THE places to go? $50 cover for guys.I had a good time, but at this point, after going to several clubs they aren't standing out too much from each other. I did like that they have tables available in the area if clubbing isn't your thing... that's just easy money for the casino.Drinks aren't as expensive here relative to other places. Love how the soco lime tastes here and the bartenders are friendly. Around 11:30-12:00, this place is no longer fun. You feel like you're just pushing your way through as opposed to dancing. When we left the club, everyone standing in line looked miserable waiting so long. We showed up at about 9:30pm and got in about 30 minutes later...Wouldn't mind coming back but won't be disappointed if we don't check it out again.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said?  XS is huge.XS is grandiose.XS is opulent.XS is expensive (if you don't have boys paying for your drinks and free admission)XS has a huge pool in the middle.XS played great music on a Friday night.XS had all the beautiful people in Vegas.XS has stripper poles everywhere.  Even the lights are stripper poles.This is by far the best club I have ever been to in my life....and I've been to a lot of them.
5	Update, back to XS again. Liked our table location, like the club, still not a huge fan of the music and I wish they provided a bouncer for people with bottle service. Other than that, like this club.
5	This club is EPIC!! It is every single thing that it is cracked up to be. We went last Sunday to the XS Sunday Night Swim and that was amazing!!! Where else can you seriously swim at 3am with a sick ass DJ spinning house music? DO NOT MISS XS on Sunday nights!!! The entire inside is closed down so all of the VIP tables are outside. We almost purchased bottle service and are so glad that we didn't b/c you can sit at any of the tables as long as they aren't already reserved or as long as a party doesn't purchase that table. We had a fat day bed right in front of the pool all night for no charge.  :)   Seriously, us ladies in our 4inch heels couldn't have been happier! Definitely try and hook up with a promoter. We had 3 guys and 3 girls and we didn't pay a penny to get in. Drink prices are actually CHEAP for Vegas! I ordered a Malibu/Diet and it was only $12. Hey that is a welcome change from crappy clubs like Haze charging $19! I would definitely listen to all of the reviews and arrive early. We got there about 10pm and there were only 20 or so people in front of us. Whatever you do, DO NOT miss XS!!!!!! And I highly highly highly recommend going on a Sunday night if you can. Definitely dress in swim attire... people were kind of looking at the guys in our group like "These damn tools are trying to get into a pimp club in LV in boardshorts.... idiots!", but they were definitely jealous later! LOL! Enjoy XS!  :) p.s. there were a lot of Asians but who cares... they were super cool and I didn't even notice until someone in our group specifically mentioned how all of the Yelp reviews talk about that. Just go and enjoy yourselves!
3	There's no doubt that XS is a beautiful club.  But, I really didn't have much of a great time here considering it's suppose to be one the best in Sin City. Maybe, it was the music.  Which was more Techno than Hip Hop.  Or maybe it was the crowd, which I wasn't feeling.  There were some nice ones out of the bunch, but most of them were stuck-up. Although, I have to give it up to security though, because they sure did a good job at making that line move.  I was kinda feelin' bad for the guys during Memorial Day Weekend though.  The cover charge to get in for a guy at XS was $100 and later on that night it jumped to $200 just to get in!  Ridiculously XS-cessive indeed!But honestly didn't think it was quite worth all the hype.
4	Just when you're old enough to have the means to enjoy bottle service and VIP treatment, you've got to answer to your biological clock telling you that 11pm is past your bedtime.  If it weren't for growing older and a lower alcohol tolerance these days, this place is the perfect club to enjoy all night.  The ambience is great, and when you have a reserved table right next to the pool, it makes for an even better evening with friends.  The casino on site right across from the pool is very cool for those who want to switch from chilling out to playing hard while not missing a beat of music.  You can dance away to a mix of top twenty, hip hop and trance music. The outdoor setting is very nice, inside can become unbearably crowded. The bar lines are very long so it is best to get bottle service.  Sounds expensive upfront at over $500 per bottle, but if you consider that a mix drink will set you back $14+, you might want to spring for a bottle overall.  And that will put you right in the center of the action!
5	just nuts, crazy atmosphere and happy drunk people everywhere. people complain about prices but we're in the most luxurious and expensive clubs ever built ($100M investment).
4	Great place... too many people.. had to be in line for more than an hour, however, it was worth it.
4	Came here the other day for my friends bday and had an absolute blast.We stayed at the Encore that night, so going upstairs to get a few things then coming back to the club was really convenient. To be completely honest, I wasnt completely blown away from XS the way everyone else seemed to be, but it was realllly nice. Drink prices in vegas are out of this world, so its best to find a guy and have him buy you drinks ;)I really liked the set up of XS. You have your traditional dance floor with tables around it, then you have the outside lounging area by the pool for when you get too tired to dance. Overall, really fun experience.
5	My friends have come to realize that I always go out with a bang.  XS has been my finale night my past couple of Vegas visits and each time, I've gone out with a bang.  COVER:$20 females/$50 malesLike any other club in Vegas, female to male ratio must be at least 1:1 or a higher female ratio.  Make sure you stand in line early, the line gets pretty long.CROWD:MixedMUSIC:Mostly house.  Some hip hop is played every once in a while but with house beats mixed in.DRESS CODE:Like every club in Vegas, people usually dress to impress - females in dresses and males in dress shirts and ties.  My past visit I noticed many people who were in t-shirts, flip flops, or Converse.  So who knows what the exact dress code is.BARS:Total of 4 - 2 inside, 1 outside on the right, and 1 at the gambling area (yes, it's Vegas, you can gamble and club).  Shots of Remy and Liquid Cocaines were $14 each, so expect to pay about that much.  VENUE:Beautiful!  The majority of inside is taken for booths for bottle service.  A decent sized, but yet small for the size of the venue, dance floor leads to the outside.  Outside are more tables and beds for bottle service, a pool with a few chairs, and even tables to gamble.  The BEST part (and my reason for 5 stars) is the pool.  Part of the pool is ankle deep and you are allowed to stand there and dance (a great relief for all the ladies who love their stilettos), apparently guys are now allowed to do so too.  However, you are not allowed to go into the pool except on pool party nights which I believe is still on Sundays.  BUT, if you like to end your night in with a bang like I do, jump in the pool (I did!).  Just make sure that you and your friends are ready to leave because you will be escorted out by security (thanks to the security guy who escorted us, he had great humor in doing so).
5	I didn't notice the overflow of Asians like everyone said (and I notice when there is an overflow of Asians, because I'm one of them), but it was definitely a sausage fest. Where are all the girls???My bff and I got tickets from the Wynn (because we were staying there), and we paid $20 for me and $30 for him. With the ticket, we got to skip the line, the only stipulation was we get there BEFORE 11. So we got there at 10:55PM, and it was only starting to get crowded. oh, we went on a Monday night.The decoration was absolutely gorgeous! I want to go back, just so I can take a better look at the decor! The pool area was closed, but there was a lone dancer on the island in the middle of the pool. Wait, how did she get there without getting wet?The drinks are expensive ($24 for a vodka tonic and beer), so drink before you go. I liked the music, there was Lady Gaga once in a while, and that's all I really care about.Oh, I almost forgot to mention- it was so cool in there! Even on the dance floor, it never felt hot, humid, and sweaty like you do when you're dancing! I don't know how they did it, because the air outside was still warm, but inside was so cool! Which was nice, because I hate sweating into anything....or having someone else sweat into me. ew.
4	This place is pretty freaking cool as far as clubs go. I see why my friends adore XS.I went here last Sunday night with a girlfriend who had never been to Vegas before. We got in pretty quickly via the guest list (no cover,) ran through the indoor area and made a round or two around the pool area. Considering that most clubs I've been to are stuffy and crowded, having a giant outdoor area is a godsend. We didn't try the drinks or stay long enough to see how crowded it gets after midnight, but it seems like the ideal place to bring a group and buy a bottle or attempt to get a comp. It's also a good place to mingle, because there were quite a few attractive people mixed in with the odd middle-aged women going out of their minds "dancing" between booths. The pool area is a bit of a hazard. One girl, unfortunately, stepped into the pool on accident in the area that isn't lit, but partially hidden by seat cushions. It's a really cool idea, just not very well executed.I'll probably be back because my girlfriend adored it. Looking forward to it!
4	I was surprised to see a club rated so highly on Yelp.  Believe the hype!  This place is pretty awesome.  But then again I came on a Monday night so it wasn't super crazy packed.  It probably would be a different experience if I had to shove and pilfer the bar for drinks.The way they decorated the place is pretty neat-o.  There are always girls dancing in the pool with no shoes on.  Sexy!  Large dance floor similar to the one in Tryst, overlooking the outdoor pool.  Cabanas galore.  Hot girls, everywhere.  Hot cabana boys too.
4	Been here couple of times. Very nice environment, friendly bouncers, never waited in line, very friendly crowd :)the dance floor is huge and you can dance in the pool if your heels are killing u..
4	There is not much to be said that hasnt been said already. By far the most beautiful, clean, classy club I have ever been too. This place is great if you want to have a chill, fun night. Its not the best place if you wanna get wasted and party down. I went with three other girls and we had an ok time. There is plenty of space to move around, sit, and dance. Most clubs are so packed and without bottle service you are on your feet all night. You wont have a problem finding a spot to chill here. There are plenty of beautiful people. the only reason we left after a couple hours is because we found ourselves bored. We had some watered down drinks from the bar then mingled with some men that had great tables. We just were not feeling it. The music is mediocre at best and the size of the place can be a little overwhelming. I'll be back in a few weeks!
5	I LOVE XS!!a group of us (3 girls, 5 guys) came here on a friday night and had no problem getting in around midnight. Yes, the line may look long and intimidating but it is constantly moving that you get inside in no time. this is definitely a very "photogenic" club as my friend puts it. the dance floor is indoor, along with numerous bars and go-go dancers. what's great about the dance floor is that despite how crowded it is, it does NOT get hot and sweaty.imo, the best part of the club is the outdoor area. you can give your tiring dancing feet a break (especially for you ladies with heels) by dipping them in the pool. there is also a little island that holds another bar and gambling tables. lady luck was on our side that night as everyone on our blackjack table kept winning and winning (and yes all this while being tipsy). our dealer was def. not in a happy mood haha :Pthis is def. THE club to go to when ur in sin city. come check it out!
5	This is my 100th Yelp review!XS is amazing!!!! I'm sorry I won't be able to give a very detailed review because I was already buzzed when I got in, but from what I do remember, first impression was WOW! And this is my first time clubbing in Vegas. Totally set the impression! There was a long line outside and I was worried that it would be overcrowded. But it totally wasn't! Good regulation! Can't be letting all the creepers in. I was just kidding. It's beautiful. You really have to just go and see for yourself. There's a huge pool in the middle of the club. I hear when it does get overcrowded, people actually get in with their clothes! White beds that can fold into a couch stick out into the pool so you can totally enjoy your drinks and chat it up with your favorite people. There was a separate room for dancing inside and music was good. I can't wait to go back!
5	Beautiful club, I've been here twice and I've thoroughly enjoyed it each time.Crowd is younger (early to mid 20s) though you do have your standard old creepers. No guestlist on Fridays and Saturdays, don't believe promoters if they say to come with them to some other smaller lounge/club, and then they'll take you to XS, those are lies. The first time I went, my gfs and I got in free via guestlist (Monday), and the 2nd time, it was via some guy who got table service (gotta make those connections, people!). Other than that, its $20 for girls, and $50 for guys. Though I heard that over Memorial Day weekend, it was $100 for guys . . . crazy!It gets crowded esp towards midnight (hard to dance). Drinks are strong, if I remember correctly. Best clubbing experiences I've had!
4	I love this place.  Went on a friday night in June and it was packed.  Line was ridiculous, but we ended up going straight up to the front (still confused how this happened but yay lucky us) and skipped in front of maybe 100 people.  The club is gorgeous, dance floor is huge, and the outside area opens into a pool.  Simply amazing.  Crowd was great, I mean of course you get your usual creepers like at any club but for the most part we met a bunch of great people.  DJ was a lot of fun.I heard the drinks are way expensive (what do you expect) but I didn't pay for a thing all night, I love being a girl. Haha.  Was way too drunk by the end, things started becoming a giant blur, but me and my girlfriends all had an amazing night.  XS is very much so your stereotypical Vegas club.  And this is not a bad thing.  Much classier than most.Oh, and if you are male, splurge for the bottle service.  Its worth it. Trust me. We may have joined a view bottle service tables...
2	Oh, XS, I expected so much more from you..Got on guest list easily and got in line a bit too early. Had to wait in line for over 15 minutes, and we girls don't wanna wait :) Anywho, we were there on Sunday night and apparently Sunday's are pool party day and it was outdoors. Unfortunately, it was a hot summer night and we wanted anything except to be outdoors. I'll give it a plus for the way it looks and the bathrooms are nice too. I'll have to come on a Friday or Saturday for it to be worthy of this club to attend. The indoors looked really nice and I wanted the event indoors with a dancefloor. Outside was just a bunch of people and it seemed more chill and loungy, not what I was looking for. I'd suggest you to come on Sundays if you can handle the summer heat, otherwise, choose somewhere else!
5	The best club in the world! This place never fails. Thank you Steve Wynn for creating some of the best memories with my friends! This place is big, beautiful, fun, exciting, and crazy! I love XS! Make sure to come early or order bottle service.Recommendation: DRINK drink drink lots of HENNY!
5	Had the most awesome time.  I was a trooper and i stood in the long ass line.  I got in with my crew of 15ish people and partied outside.  Inside was OVERcrowded.  No one was wise enough to make a fire escape route but if you needed to get in and out of the bar from the inside to the outside, there is no problem.  It is massive. I loved that i got to dance in the water.  Just hated the anal guys that had bottle service.  Don't be an arshlof, kindly ask others to move. i know they paid lots -- but seriously be nice to the other fellas who probably didn't know. but once i found my spot for most of us to grove, i danced and drank the night away until 3 in the morning.  It was worth paying the cover and knowing your Vegas club etiquette helps.  It's a HUGE club and i was afraid to get lost.  Buddy system in full effect and just wait til the crowd dies to use the poles.  Grand ol time and i wouldn't mind a return in the future.
1	I hate this hotel and the club XS. Everyone is rude, I hate this hotel and everyone who works here. They don't care about customer service at all. DO NOT STAY OR COME HERE!!!!!!
5	Don't even bother with the rest of the Vegas clubs (Except Surrender) XS is the best!
2	What a DISAPPOINTMENT this club was! I hate to be the minority here, but this club was horrible!  I did my fair share of research on clubs/nightlife before going to vegas my second time around. Everyone recommend this nightclub along with a few others- XS was my biggest letdown, actually my only let down in vegas.There was a pretty long line at the door, but my group of friends were able to speed through and was waived the cover charge.. AMEN because if I had to pay to get into that place, I would not have been a happy camper.  Good thing about being a girl in vegas, you get in for free everywhere and I mean everywhere, XS was not an exception to that golden rule. One star for the free admission/line cut.Both inside and outside was horribly crowded to the point that everywhere I walked, stood, or sat, I was body slammed in between overly angst middle-aged woman. Oh the irony. I guess EVERY girl, woman, or cougar gets free admission into XS, hey, as long as the club's woman to men ratio goes up, right? *insert sarcasm* Boy, was i in for a rough night.We were invited to sit at a poolside table, but after a half an hour of sitting by the pool and as the alcohol began to seep out of my system, i realized I was staring at a couple of awful dancing men splashing each other in the water while simultaneously try to spit game at us.  No amount of alcohol could prepare me for that, so I round up my girls and got out of XS FAST. regardless, another star for the nice set up/ decent scenery (pool/dance floor/ outside bar.)Drinks were over expensive, not that I paid for any of mine, but our tab came out to be around 16 dollars a drink (not including tip) and on top of that, the drinks were either extremely weak.  When a bartender screws up a tequila sunrise, that's when you know you are going to have an upsetting night.  To wrap it up: it was a club with not so good looking people, crappy drinks and lame music.  The only fun part about XS was being with my girls and making fun of their overly pompous promoters. The promoters/bouncers at XS definitely need a reality check. if you find yourself in vegas, do NOT waste your time here. NEVER AGAIN XS, NEVER AGAIN.
5	There is nothing more to say than XS defines vacation!! This place is is like other nightclub venue that I will or have ever experienced in my life. The large swimming pool, pool bar, live DJ, and so much more but when you walk into this place you know your ready for shots and to let loose. Ive been here Saturday and Sunday nights and Sunday nights are my favorite and I wish everynight was Sunday @ XS because its a experience out of this world. If I can recommend a club to anyone that is going to Vegas for their first time than it would be  XS :)
4	Not bad for a club.  Just a horrendous wait of at least 45 minutes - by the time we got to the front - I had my 3" stillettos off & danging from my left hand before the dancing even started.$50 for the boys & $20 for the girls to get in on a Saturday night.  Packed with people - super hot & stuffy on the dance floor - hung out near the pool side to get some air but it's Vegas in the summer time, baby, so it was HOT even with random breezes.  I almost joined the people dancing barefoot in the shallow end (shallow meaning like 3" of water being splashed everywhere by girls in miniskirts).Hip hop music and once in awhile some random alternative music & some 80's/90's flashback music mash ups.Friends saw Paris Hilton (I swear I would think my guy friends are stalking her 'cos they run into her at Lawry's in Beverly Hills & some other Hollywood club - but seriously, they don't)...I thought I saw - well I don't know what I saw.  I had on fake glasses which distorted my vision slightly & was convinced by the group to dress up as a nerd.  Our theme was nerd night.  People thought we were school boys w/ sexy school girls.  We gotta up the nerd factor next time.
2	I hate to be in the minority here, butttt. I really did not think this club was THAT great. I'm really only giving it two stars and not one because I was able to get in for free. It would have been a total waste otherwise. Apparently this is THE club to go to..However, I felt like when I was there, everyone just seemed extremely bored. Maybe it was because I went on a Sunday night? I don't know. In any case, the crowd was a lot older. Like mid 30 and up. I'll admit it is nice and there is a lot of room, and who doesn't love those pool pictures. But the dance floor was closed inside. And there's really no place to dance outside...And there's really no good music to dance to in the first place. Hmm..This club is one of those "I went just to say I went" kind of things. I really think this is just a hype and you should not go unless you can get in for free or UNLESS you just like to kind of stand around and mingle with people with drinks in your hand.  I'd choose a place to dance my heart out over an extremely fancy place anyway...
4	At the end of a day, ambience plays a key role in a club experience. Be it the music, the people, and or the liquor, they have to be pretty much in parallel for a solid experience.Our company has been partying here for a while now, twice a year for tradeshows... And, to be fair, having table service and booze flowing like the great lakes, makes the staff at XS much kinder. I saw the god awful lines people had to subject themselves to, and I probably wouldn't have bothered. But hey, I was lucky to bypass the madness and head straight in.I guess to tie-in my earlier thoughts on experiences, our party ended up having a stellar time due to quick bottle service (side note: what's up with the table ninjas that appear at your booth when booze is flowing, quickly to disappear when the last drop drips... wtf?), DJ Spider on the decks (an LA native), and beautiful people abound.Without a doubt, one of the better Vegas club experiences every time...
3	This place would have recieved 5 stars, but my main gripe is the fact that bouncers are strict ass mofos. We get here a bit early waiting on friends to come, and they keep nagging on us, telling we cant wait here, like every 5 mins. The line for this place was so long it wrapped around the whole hotel. Roll with 15 girls and 2 guys and they didnt let us guys in lol funny. Be prepared to slip a bill if you want to get in front.Anyways on to the good news, when I finally got in after tipping the bouncer. Very nice venue, I was suprised it was kept pretty cool with AC and whatnot, even in the blazing heat of Nevada. Hit up blackjack with a friend and came up 4 bills what a great way to start off. Danced the night off and got drunk off my ass till we decided to hit up Rain at 2am. Overall this place is the most crackin night club hands down, but its a bitch to get in to.
4	Had an awesome time. 6 guys and bottle service - Ketel One and Grey goose. We got a table right next to a speaker. Had help from a fine dime who helped me light up a romeo y julieta. Now that's what I call service. Feeling stupid/buzzed so I decided to make it rain with all of 8 dollars cash I had. Every time I would pick up the cash, it seemed like there was less money in it! By the end I was so messed and the money was gone so I thought to myself, who is the cheap juden who stole my 8 bucks, that much cash cant even buy you half a stella. Oh well, loved my time there. Word of advice, don't gamble your money when you're drunk. Unless you dgaf. Be prepared to wait in line if you get there any time after 9pm without a table. Met up with a few friends who probably didn't remember I was there the next morning, laughed my ass off, lost the plot on the dancefloor, and started up random conversations with many, many people. Oh Xs, we shall meet again.
5	the best club EVER. no other commentThe pool just makes your feet feel ten times better towards the end of the night.. Much needed after your feet dying on you.I Love the bar in the middle of XS. AWESOME VIEW of the whole place from there!Time to go back there for halloween next! :D
3	If you wanna ball outta control and have like 5 gs to spare a night then XS it up. Place is mad flashy huge and packed up to the gills. I was there for a bachelor party we had a cabana by the pool. It was fun but I wouldn't do it again. I've been to a lotta clubs and I felt like the vibe was nothing new or nothing special than NYC or MIA or whatever. I think it's always who your with and what you make of it.
4	I'm not the clubbing type of girl, but this club definitely blew me away. Thanks to my girlfriend, I was able to bypass the atrocious line that had already formed by 9 PM and be the first to step into the nightclub. Some of my other friends arrived at 8 PM and were first in line. I felt really bad for the boys in my group, though. They knew I hadn't gone clubbing in Vegas prior to this, so they forked over $50 cover each to accompany me and the girls (although I hear cover is only $30 during off season).I can't believe how beautifully decorated it is. The pool, cabanas, daybeds, and gogo dancers are absolutely amazing! Drinks are overpriced, of course. 5 shots of patron for $60. The venue didn't seem THAT huge, but my group of 20 somehow got separated an hour after we entered the club, and we weren't able to find each other for the rest of the night. The club was PACKED (I hear this is where everybody wants to be on a Saturday night).Lamar Odom and Khloe Kardashian were there the same night, along with some other NBA players I didn't recognize. Definitely a good first Vegas clubbing experience =)
4	Great spot. Hung out with some really fun people who had a cabana so it was pretty chill. Good mixed crowd. Great music. I wish the inside of the club was happening but it was just outside around the pool area. The security was nice and it's a pretty setting on a warm Vegas night.
3	Heard this place was pretty rad, and so seeing for myself, it was pretty grand. The space was huge both inside and outside. On a Monday night, it was so crowded inside at the bars and dance floor that it was almost impossible to dance, unfortunately. Go Go dancers, multiple bars, and a lot of drunk people and mayhem. Not really sure if I was into the overly crowded crowd, as nice as the club looked.
5	5-star music. 5-star crowd. 5-star VIP/table service. 5-star amenities. 5-star nightclub. MY FAVORITE PLACE IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!
5	Wow!That's what I kept saying all night.First I saw the line and said "Wow".  Thank god for advanced ticket sales and not having to wait in the line since we were staying at the Encore.  We went right in.I then stepped in this place and there was so many freaking hotties in there.  ("Wow" I said to myself).  We squeezed our way to the bar and waited and waited to get served and the bartender was incredibly rude.  "Wow, what a bitch!" I thought.  Another "wow" came out of my mouth when I saw the cost of the drink.  As we made it to the dance floor, I noticed two Go-Go dancers on the podium and waaaaay out in the horizon was another stage that looked like was separated by a big pool.  Oh man, how the heck are we going to make it thru that sea of crazy dancing partyers?  It was virtually impossible to squeeze thru without getting an elbow, head, bushel of hair, splash of vodka, or smear of body glitter on you while  trying to get to the outside.  WOW!  This place is huge!We asked the bartender manning the outside bar for some water.  Her response was "sorry, I can't give you water".  I was like WTF?  Are you serious?  Then for some reason, she grabs a glass and fills it with ice and puts it in front of me.  Ok....I then said "Alright.  Can I BUY a bottle of water?" She then grabs another glass, fills it with water and sets it in front of me.  (Are you fucking kidding me bitch?)  I reiterated to her that I wanted to BUY a bottle of water.  Comprende ingles bedeja?  Now she grabs a bottle of Fiji water and says $8.  WOW.  $8 for a non-alcoholic drink?  Water is the cheapest substance on earth!  How the fuck can you get away with charging $8 for water?  Oh well, I paid it.  I wasn't about to get in it with her or any other bitchy bartender.  The rest of the night was cool.  We managed to grab a bed out by the pool and kick it while gazing up at the full moon, palm trees, admiring the Wynn and Encore hotels, the music, and people watching.  The club is huge, spectacular, glamourous, and full of hot chicks.  Guys are a different story....Wow I think I was the hottest dude there!  Kidding!
5	I love this club. They played Eric Prydz' Call On Me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_fCqg92qks which brought up some great memories of some white boyz dancing half naked.I got in for free with 12 other girls. Although a group of my guy friends right before us paid $50 and another group of guy friends about an hour and a half after us got in for $100 YES I said they paid $100 to get in. That kinda sucks... well for them at least. I got to stick my feet in the jacuzzi and play footsies with the other hotties there (the pool was too cold for my sore metatarsals.)The blackjack dealer in his red shirt and white sneaks made out for an awesome watch. I think his moves were better than half the folks dancing. Clean restrooms, tons of breathing space and elbow room (outside not on the dance floor obviously), more than enough hot, and I mean HOT girls ready to get down, and one more thing, I like massive, and this place definitely fits that bill. I love this club.
4	So nice here!  Came in with a group of girls & got in for free!  I know that it's $20 for girls (probably if there isn't a big group or if you're with guys) & $30 for guys on fridays & $50 for guys on saturdays (in my experience) & can be more depending on if it's a holiday weekend or something special.There are bars inside and outside.  The dancefloor is a really good size.  There's a pool outside with a super shallow end where girls dip their feet in.  Some people got VIP or bottle service & had their own tables/beds/big cushions.  There are quite a few places to sit outside (not on chairs or cushions) on the little short wall things around the trees, which comes in handy when your feet are aching from dancing! (:The go-go dancers are good & when it's not their turn to dance, they walk around selling shots.  Very friendly service.  Good ambiance.  If you're a girl, make sure you come in with a group of other girls & preferably no guys to get in for free.
5	Easily the BEST nightclub I've ever been to!  The door prices aren't free, but aren't ridiculously expensive either.  The place is always filled with fun dancing party people which makes for a good time no matter what.  There's also a large less crowded outdoor area (including some Blackjack tables and a pool) that you can escape to if you become claustrophobic.  Bottom line, this place is the most awesome of awesome Vegas clubs (at least for now)!
4	I came here with my girls the last time.  This time, I came with my boyfriend, my boss and his wife.  All I gotta say is that a lot of money got us into the club a lot faster than a bunch of girls.  We cut the line at 11 pm on Saturday thanks to my high roller boss and his exclusive VIP entrance.  I think it probably helped because he stayed in some VIP suite at the Wynn. Here's my thought, if it's going to cost you $1500 to get a table on Saturday night to be in the table service LINE, you might as well spend that money on a VIP suite at the Wynn so you can just skip the line. Once you get in, just start gambling thousands of dollars and you'll get free drinks.
3	All in all this place is much better than anything I've ever experienced in the states (with an emphasis on in the states).  It's nicely done and super packed.  The line is ridiculous if you don't get there early it stretched into the Wynn when I went.  Drinks are stupid pricey, I'm not cheap but cmon how can you justify a 1000% mark up on some alcohol?  There were a nice variety of people I'd say.  Only problem was that like every place in Vegas, it's materialistic to the fullest, the crowd is douchey about money (one guy was there from the millionaire matchmaker woah better make room for the little guy hahaha), popped collars and too much cologne or perfume everywhere, girls dressed like they going to sr prom.   All in all I'd say the real reason I went was just because I was staying in Encore,.
5	No sleeping in the club.  Thats what I been told like for like 5times in the first 2 hours we got into XS.  (Sorry I was too drunk to stay awake from per-partying) but here is the trick to get pass it if you got the same problem, every time a bouncer tells you that if you fall asleep again on the bed you will get kick out, just move to another area and sleep again.  This place is soo huge, you will never get caught by the same bouncer twice.  After moving and napping, I felt much better around 1 and ready to party.  This place is great.  Tons of people, huge dance floor.  Had to paid $50 to get in, but at least the line was moving we didn't have to wait too long.  It is pretty much like surrender, next time when I go to Vegas again most likely I will hit up either surrender or XS and try out some other club.
4	when a promoter friend cant even get you a discounted price for the night [because you're the wrong gender] even when the girl/guy ratios are in HIGHLY your favor, you know that this place will be overbooked/packed/full/uncomfortable. best way to get in, is to show up early, pay the price, get your stamp, bounce and come back later. that, or you can just tip the bouncer.regardless of this inconvenience, this place is still amazing. the pool, the dance floor, the towering majestic night view of the wynn and encore hotels - it's all quite enchanting. on another note, it's dangerous that they have a craps/blackjack tables in the club. since i suffer from the two asian vices [drinking/gambling], i'm their perfect target. in my eyes, this is the best place to be at night. with the steep drink prices and cover [$50, wtf serious?] i do what i do best - turn my hundo into 5 and my night becomes free. also, i'm quite ADD when inebriated so it helps to have something occupy me for so long. oh yeah, sadly sometimes i become quite the lemming when under the influence - a lot of fistpumping happened.note: people may find it odd, but the wynn/encore resort have mastered the urinal cake. it is.. anti-splash and absorbent. yes! no embarrassing splash marks here. what gives XS an extra star is that the attendants give you slight shoulder massages. double win!
5	I've been to most of the clubs in NYC and most of the clubs in Vegas. XS basically says "All Your Base Are Belong to Us" to the other clubs, and obliterates then elevates my standard of what a club experience can be. You will be spoiled. There will be debauchery.  I've only been once in July and used to wonder what all the fuss was about...now I know... It is indeed fuss-worthy.So, cover is $50 which IS a lot of money for a frikkin club, but if your staying in the Wynn/Encore or get in touch with promoters, or are a bunch of hot Asian girls,or of course know somebody, you can skip the line and might even get admission waived. Girls work it - guys...I guess your other option is buying a bottle $$$. Luckily my friend got us to skip and we paid $40 I think.Anyways, the crowd is gorgeous, the venue is seductive and intoxicating in more ways than one, there's gambling in the back (which amazed me! i mean gambling in a club while your getting drunk off your ass? Nice move, Encore! I mean, thats fucked up, but nice move!), the music is tight but the drinks start at $14 which adds up quickly...If you are a baller, you will live the life here. Girls will grub off you and your cabana like there's no tomorrow. But likely you'll be kissed, then dissed and won't be missed LoL. But meeting someone genuine in Vegas? perhaps better luck at slots! Even if you're not flying sky high you will still feel like a stunner here with a few drinks in your system - the feeling of euphoria here is palpable and highly contagious.I think this spot is a cut above Surrender if you are out to have a wild night. Whatever - the point is - best. club. ever.
4	I was just at this club last weekend and I'm going to have to say I had a good time.The interior is very nice. It is spacious, beautiful lights, inside pool, blackjack tables and a few bars. This club is top notch and very expensive looking. My night here at XS is quite blurry so I can not say anything more about the place. The line to get in was VERY long, but it moved quickly. A lot of pretty girls in short skanky dresses and guys dressed to impress. So please don't come here looking all janky because everyone looked nice. Two of us were in line while one person went to go buy a soda. By the time he got back, they would not let him join us in line. -.- WTH man??? The line was SO long, what if someone had to leave the line to take a quick bathroom break??? We'd have to go to the end of the line again? Ugh, that sucked, but whatever. The cover that night was $20 for girls and $50 for boys. The drinks at the bar were about $14. Quite pricey, but what do you expect from vegas? We had some long islands BEFORE we actually went into XS on the casino floor. ((x WAY cheaper, like free cheap and you only have to deal with TIP. Got our buzz started before we even went in so we didn't have to buy more than a few drinks inside. I would have given this place 5 stars, but.... sadly i lost my wallet/cellphone inside the club or Encore's bathroom. I am still very sad/bitter about it so only FOUR stars for you XS!
5	To echo many others, this still ranks as my favorite club in LV because of the great location, crowd, venue.  It just hits all the right notes more often than not. Tucked away in the pool area between the twin towers of the Wynn and Wynn Encore, XS is a combination indoor/outdoor nightclub that just works on so many levels.  They open up the entire pool area for clubgoers including running the bar and casino tables in the gazebo central to the pool, offering a fantastic view no matter where you hang out and also makes for breezy summer nights.  The actual dancefloor area is always booming with pretty good music from the DJ, more than ample amounts of bar space and even the door bouncers are reasonably friendly as they seem to let most ppl in with little discrimination.  Despite being busy, service never seems gruff, snobby or elitist.Now the pool area, since its open to clubgoers a big plus is they allow ppl to take off their shoes and dip their feet in the pool, hell maybe ppl canswim but i've never seen anyone do it, but as a result of this, ironically, you will find a majority of the girls dancing in front yet outside the main dance floor taking off their painful heels and cooling their aching foots in the pool dancing away in their short skirts, while the dance floor maybe paradoxically overloaded with men...Weirdness aside, its always a fun time there wether its a Fri or Sat night, and cover is usually about $30 for men, less for women, but during busy holiday weekends this cover may skyrocket to $100 for men, so check this before you commit yourself to an hour wait in line or plan a backup.
4	One word to describe XS: BEAUTIFUL.I heard so many positive things about XS and I sort of already knew what to expect.. from the decor to the music, etc. Since I had 14 girls in my group we got in super quick and really early.. a bit too early where when we got in it was fairly empty. The club did start to fill up quick. Had an amazing time at XS, met some awesome people there. Drinks were a bit on the weak side but I was on a nice buzz, music got even better during the middle of the night and danced my butt off. I LOVE Vegas.. & XS you are amazing.P.S I think it's hilarious how there are tables in the middle of the club.. my boys would just die... this would definitely be their favorite spot.. what guy wouldn't wanna have hot girls around.. drinks.. dancing and black jack!
4	XS is up to 4 stars now since I dont ever have to wait in line! :DWalked up at 2am from Tryst this past Saturday and the line was still LONG. Gosh people its 2am and your still waiting in line?Go up to the front, see my boy and he comes over. Some small talk and he asks if we wanna go in, sure why not. Comped cover slip for all dudes and were in. As were walking in I overhear this girl "WHY DO THEY GET TO GO IN?!!?!?!"Classic :D
5	I liked the experience we had here, although there were just way too many people!Its huge outside, with a place you can gamble and play craps (that's where we were when we got tired of people bumping into us at the club!) and it was pretty awesome.  I like how you can dance in the water when your feet get tired from your heels.  This place is beautiful and I loved how it was decorated.  The music was mostly techno though, and the people we were with hated it.  Some of it wasn't dance-able.  But the night we were there, a couple months ago, Paris Hilton was there too making an ass of herself.  She took the microphone and made the DJ play her stars song. I'm so glad she's banned from any Wynn resorts now! My favorite club in Vegas. Yay!
4	XS is a a fun, entertaining nightclub. The only thing I recommend is to not go on the weekend because this club gets jammed packed to the point where you can't even move or dance comfortably. I went on a Saturday night and the line was about a 3 and 1/2 hour wait to get in. Luckily, we had a connection to get us into the club, but we still had to wait about 45 min. Once we were in the club, we left only after being there for an hour because it was so packed. It was impossible to get drinks and dance without people pushing and shoving. Although this happened, we really liked the vibe and the decor of the club. We would definitely go back, but only on a weekday or have bottle service to have your own space. If you do go on the weekend, I suggest getting there EARLY to get in line or make sure you have good connections.
5	I don't know why I a writing a review for XS. I think that almost everything has already been said. So I will to attempt to give some tips to Cheap Guys like myself. Get there early (930 at the latest). Get your hand stamped and walk right back out. Go to the little shop at the Wynn and get some small 2oz bottles of Kettle One and cranberry. Walk around and be amazed by how many crazy beautiful girls are still standing in the stupid ass line. Around 12-1230 you should be feeling great and that is the perfect time to go right back in. The club will be crazy and you should have 4 solid hours to Do What You Do. If you run low on cash, go to the craps tables and throw out a drunk field bet. If you lose, get out the plastic and continue to spend what little money you have left. Have fun
4	over priced drinks-checkpretty people-checktrance, electronic, hip hop, r&b music-checkthe drinks here are very expensive, but when you meet guys and they buy you drinks its not so much an issue for you!  if you wanna find good looking people who know how to have fun and dance, this is one of the hottest spots to go to. also depends on the night as well. as long as you come in a group of girls(we had 5 girls) by 11-12ish, you will get in free which is always a plus. the inside decor is fancy and beautiful. you will enjoy the lighting, the pool and everything they have to offer.
4	I love this club, similar to Tryst in the Wynn hotel. I love the decorations and vibe of the club, it is however too pact. I went in line and it took like 10 minutes to get in which is great but once inside, hardly any room to dance. I love it better when dancing outside in the pool area where for us ladies can take off your shoes and dance on the edge of the pool and so much better cuz its stuffy inside the dancefloor. Other than that if you don't have money to spend on tables you can at least sit on the day beds that is in the pools so there is some seating room at least. Oh FYI do not get the security and bouncers mad, they are really strict when waiting in line as well, My friends tried saving a spot for me in line and they were not having it even though the club wasn't opened yet. So I went to the back in the line but no big cuz it took only 10 minutes to get inside. they do not like it when you are saving spots for your late friends so be careful, other then that, love the club.
5	love love love this place.... Probably the best club in Las vegas... The place is huge. ITs both indoor and outdoor... The music is mostly hip-hop. Drinks are expensive  ( about $14-16 for cocktails) so better get your $$$ out.... $50 cover charge for guys and $20 for ladies.... Better get inline by 9pm because this place is very popular.. Our friend who got in line around 930pm wasnt able to make it in =(... club opens at 9pm, we got inline at 8pm and the line was about 2 blocks long... yes its that good...
5	Came here twice. The first time I would have rated it a 4 because it was beautiful, had great music, but the crowd wasn't that fun or energetic. We didn't dance inside because it was too overcrowded so we danced in/by the pool. It was a Saturday night in July with a group of 5 girls and didn't go near the black jack/craps tables.The second time I came here was the best time I've ever had in a Vegas club! I came here with a coed group of 7 on a Saturday night in August. We went back and forth between the black jack tables, craps tables, and indoor dance area. The black jack table started off at a $25 min and by the end of the night it was a $100 min....it didn't really matter because my date was acting like it was a $500 min lol. There was a lot of energy by the tables (mainly ours). My date was high-fiving complete strangers and everyone around us was yelling in excitement...it was crazy! Drank tons of long islands while in the gambling area before dancing inside. I also love the fact that they have a pole inside ;)
4	This club was pretty big and fun when my group went to Vegas. We had the right guy to girl ratio and getting in was easy.  The guys paid 30 bucks each and I think the girls paid 20 bucks each.  We didn't care as we were able to get our wristband and we had in/out privileges after that for the club. You have to dress to impress to look super sexy!  Make sure you don't make any cell phone calls outside of the club as the ushers in purple jackets tell you to move your butt down the hallway. You can't wait for your friends either outside as I guess it distracts from the club environment. When we first arrived at XS there weren't that many people on the dance floor or at the bar. The outside patio area was nice as it was pretty spacious. After coming back around 12:30PM (we went to the casino to hang out to gamble and drink), this place was packed. There was a separate line to go to once you had the wristbands (bypassed all of the other people in line). You couldn't move 3 feet without someone bumping into you and pushing you.  The music was bumping though as it was my kind of music. The dance/house music, top 40 hits and the remixes were awesome! The DJ that was spinning that night was spinning some PHAT jams.  The bar is busy so don't be that douche that keeps trying to flag down the bartender. You'll get your booze! You just have to be patient. The Go Go dancers were awesome! I think next time we go we're gonna roll deep with a bunch of people. Pregame, drink there and dance the night away. It's going to get hot so please make sure you wear some deodorant and cologne/perfume!
5	I came to dance dance dance!!!! Man....one of my fav places right now in Vegas!! Amazing venue. When you walk in it is huge with a large dancefloor in the middle and booths around the outside. Then it opens up to outside where there are more tables and a pool. In the middle of the pool there are tables to play and another bar. You can even sit at tables and lounges in the water. I love the space here. I hate when you go to a club and you are constantly shoulder to shoulder. Here that isnt the problem and yet you still get the feeling of it being very busy. Nothing bad to say. Service is great and the music has always been top notch!
2	club is HUGE!! didnt have to wait in line, but if we did, it would not have been worth it.  Once we got inside, (10 of us) - we were standing in line for drinks.. the bartenders take their time..(no sense of urgency)- stood in line for over 30 min for drinks.. I guess BOTTLE SERVICE is the only way to do it... I suppose I wouldnt be complaining if we had a table... but even then,  a table is about 3 grand....
4	This place is really big, very nice and upscale. We got bottled service for our bachelorette party. Our waitress was very nice and accommodating. The music was not that great as the DJ was playing one song for each genre. That totally killed my buzz after 1 hip hop song was played.
5	Still going strong! Even though Surrender is new, I liked XS more, though some trouble may have occurred, harmless. LOLSo the line is crazy long! but if you're nice and patient, no worries. No need for a guestlist. Just dont be crazy late. We got there around 10. Waited no more than 20 minutes. Paid only $20 to get in. They don't have a so-called "guestlist" for XS on weekends. So come prepared. Well worth the wait. Well first off, I was sober and ate it right on the steps! Can i say get me a shot after that?!Decor is nice, place is packed, but not overly baring. The bartender, she was super nice! She gave me water. The shots here are generous as well. They are double shots pretty much and amazing! Love it already.Yes Paris Hilton was there. Yeah?!... but the music was awesome, not so much top 40s completely, which was a nice mix. Thank you!This too is near the pool, just not as much as Surrender. All sorts of people are here, a good mix. More foreign though, if thats the right word. :)..Nevertheless, decor great, music nice, booze delish! crowd, youre okay. A place to definitely get your groove on! I say I would come back. I understand it being a so-called "tourist" trap. However, thats what vegas is overall! You can't get away, and you cant deny it. It is what it is. However, I've had my fair share of vegas clubs, so far a fav!
5	We were there Friday night celebrating M's birthday and we had a great time.  The line in went by super quick with no hassle. All of the hostesses and bartenders are really attractive which adds to the visual pleasure inside the club.Danced for hours to great music and had a blast. :)
5	My god , this place is absolutely amazing!  Make sure to come around 9pm to avoid long lines!  When we got there around 9, the line went by really quickly and we were able to get in in no time.  Be aware, there is no guest list on Saturdays.I had a friend that went in at 8pm, and left to pregame, and then came back.  Apparently, you can re-enter until 11.  SMART!!!  The club is humongous and it is both indoors and outdoors, with a beautiful view of the Wynn hotel...there's also a pool and lots of places to sit!  Admission is 20 for girls, and 50 for dudes.
5	ok, I came here again when it wasn't DECEMBER and holy shit this place is totally different.The DJ was also 1000x better and the crowd was way more diverse.some highlights (since you can probably read all the other stuff elsewhere)1) 2 chicks violently humping each other and mounting each other in the pool.  WTF?  One of which definitely wasn't wearing undies and probably should have...2) Jumping on the beds =)3) Some girl trying to knock me into the pool.  UNSUCCESSFULLY 4) A friend tried to bribe our way in, (worked at Tryst) we got VIP but it didn't cover our entry.  Lame.  It was kind of funny though.5) Dancing barefoot in the poolmy only regret was that we scheduled the limo to pick us up too early, I wanted to see people go swimming!
5	I've gotten kicked out of here and I still love it!
5	My favorite nightclub in Vegas by far! (Although Tryst comes preeetty close!) I have NEVER had a bad experience or a difficult time getting in, whether or not I was with all girls, a mixed group, or with or without having our Vegas connects hook it up. Security aren't douchebags, the drinks are good and the indoor/outdoor venue makes it PERFECT for Las Vegas weather. For some reason it seems even the most drunk of people are still civilized here - I have never been trampled, elbowed, pushed or gotten lost amongst the crowd (I'm 5'2 and don't wear heels, so I am usually shoved around like the nerdy freshman kid on their first day of school). Despite the constant flow of drunken people, XS always stays classy, easy to navigate and the music is always on point. You can't leave Vegas without partying here!
4	no review needed! i took one star off tho cos this place is starting to get played out. but still, by far, my favorite club in vegas.. no questions asked!
4	Great club, great music, and a guaranteed home run when it comes to fun.  Every time I come here I have a great time.  It's a big club but it's also very popular so it can get pretty crowded sometimes, but you can still walk through the crowd with relative ease.  I love the outdoor area and it's a great place to socialize or take a break from dancing.  The only issue I have with the club is the ridiculous prices they charge for cover if you go on any sort of special or holiday weekend.  It's fun, but I never liked holes in my wallet...
5	Coincidentally the same night I visited XS was the same night that Paris Hilton got arrested for possession of  "nose candy." I didn't see her but I remember it was packed. The line was crrrrazy long. If you want to have fun in Vegas stay at the Encore or the Wynn and get into the best clubs in less than 5 minutes. We bypassed the two mile line with tickets from our host. This club truly is amazing. Lots of room to frolic and dance.
5	simply the best club EVER. went here 2 years in a row on a saturday night. the entire club is so huge that you can walk around and breathe while ingesting an unreasonably large amount of alcohol. although at $17 a drink, you're better off coming here with a huge buzz already. went with a bunch of friends and had fun running into each other all night as we navigated the club making random friends with strangers. awesome night.
5	Sexy people everywhere (and I mean ERRRYWHERE! I think God hand-picked them that night and directed them all to XS!), good strong drinks, Fun and friendly atmosphere (there wasn't any hating, just enjoying!), Banging music (house music remixes of top 40), Hella energetic and completely the Total Vegas experience! I adore this club and it now tops my list of my fave clubs in the USA. This is THE best club in the entire USA, hands down! (I met a Korean tourist on the plane the next day and even he agrees!)We ran into Freddie Figs from MTV's Double Shot at Love. And a lotta sexy crazy people. Crazy as in "I don't care how silly I look or act because I'm in Vegas baby!" I was wearing a blue dress with a big bow that day. When I walked in, there was a jewel in the middle of the bow. Somehow it was ripped off in the midst of my journey into this crazy place. Between the dude and the chick, I swear it was the chick's fault! The club is pretty big, with one wall completely open to the outside. There are beds outside and other lounging furniture, and you can even dance in the pool. But on the night we went the pool was closed and you couldn't dive in. But that didn't stop this one drunk dude from jumping in! And in how many other cities in the world can you find this much fun on a TUESDAY!? Lol. Come dressed to impress! Fun times! If you live in the City of Sin, head to XS and plunge right in!
3	Went on a monday night.  Got on the guestlist - so we didn't have to pay cover!Go early.  Got way too packed about 1am.Drinks weren't as expensive as I thought...  $10 for a huge Patron shot!  About $10 for a beer.Would be nicer with the pool area open.
5	My 2nd time to Vegas was for my little brothers 21st birthday. Naturally, he had to do it up big and get bottle service at XS. Bottle service is definitely the way to go at this place. I believe we got 2 bottles (Jack Daniels and Belvedere) along with our own table next to the pool for $1000. Not bad considering they charge $16/drink. And there was a group of 10 of us, with more ho's on the way!I loved the setup of this club. I wasn't inside much because why be inside when you have the option to feel the amazing Vegas breeze and lounge by the pool? But overall this place was HUGE. Way bigger than PURE and The Bank. I desperately wanted to jump in the pool before I left but decided I would later regret my wet hair and runny mascara. The bartenders were all actually really friendly as well. And I loved that all the ladies wore matching dresses. Despite the girl who yacked on the bathroom floor, the bathrooms were totally legit! They were filled with tons of scents/lotions/perfumes from Victorias Secret, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors etc etc. So if you're feeling sweaty and smelly on the dance floor just go to the bathroom and refresh!
5	If you only go to one spot in Vegas. Go to XS. It's got an open feel and the pool will tempt you. It's crowded but way better than Lavo, Tao, and Tryst! The music wasn't bad and the place was full of beautiful people. Sure there were som DB's but that's just part of the Vegas charm right?
5	Went in May to celebrate my 21st birthday. My three girlfriends and I met a promoter on the strip who promised to hook us up with his 'boy' at XS if we came to his event at JET. We said okay and exchanged information. We decided to text the XS promoter to see if it was legit and he told us if we could get there by 10:30, he would get us in VIP. Needless to say, we decided to ditch JET and head straight to XS.We walked into the Encore (which was already mind blowing and just plain gorgeous) and then around the corner to find two extremely looooong lines to get into XS. We kept asking bouncers for our promoter and they directed us towards the end of the line. Our promoter was waiting for us at the ticket stand and we had to fill out a slip with our name and how many were in our party, walked right in past 300 people waiting. FOR FREE.That alone was amazing, but once we stepped inside my jaw dropped. XS is everything my friends had hyped it up to be and so much more. You walk inside and the decor of the inside of the club is nice -- lots of VIP booths, a decent sized dance floor -- but it opens up into the glory that is the pool area. We decided to walk around a little bit since it was still kind of dead and my best friend and I decided to get a drink. We walked over to the pool bar area where they had also set up poker tables. Two vodka Redbulls (Skyy) ran us $30. We were expecting it to be expensive so we didn't mind forking over the cash.By the time we returned to our party, we walked near the dance floor and made some nice conversation with a group of boys who were celebrating their friends birthday. By this point, the club is popping. The music is amazing (or my vodka induced stupor made it seem so) and they have GORGEOUS go-go dancers. They were toned and their faces were cute and I didn't mind that their butts were hanging out from underneath their skirts, nothing like the go-go dancers you sometimes get in LA clubs.Some boys came up to us and danced with us -- danced, not grinded up on us like we were pieces of meat -- and invited us to join them at their table where they had ample bottles of Grey Goose. How could I turn that down? We ended up spending the rest of the night with a group of the nicest boys we have ever met and actually after XS closed, we went to go get a bite to eat together.AND I have to say that all the people that were her were very good looking and also extremely friendly. I found myself on several occasions wandering off to make new friends. I even made friends with a fellow birthday girl in the bathroom!All in all, XS is where dreams come true. The only negative thing I could possibly say about it is that it has now ruined me for any other club.
5	This club is the mecca of all clubs. Grandest, biggest club and better than any Miami or London club I been to in the past.The line is long, but it goes quick. If you bring a gatorade bottle full of your favorite mix drink and chit chat with the people in line, you will be at the door in no time. Walk in this place and you will surely notice, it is grand. Half indoor and half outdoor with a ginormous pool in the middle. Go go dancers on poles and attractive, sexy people everywhere. This is how a club should be.There was even drama within my group and all I can say is I still think this place is worth it. Just realize any cash you come with will be gone by the end of the night and your bank account will take a nice hit. You might wince in the morning from how much you might spend.
2	Hells Tourists... if you want the full Vegas experience of being taken for your money, being treated like dirt and made felt like the club has done you a favor by letting you buy way to overpriced bottles of cheap vodka you can buy off a homeless person on Dean Martin Blvd for $20... THIS is the place for you!Not only will you wait in line for about 2 hours (remind you people, WE do not do lines here if you are semi hot!) and get to pay a cover charge that is your monthly electricity bill (remind you tourists yet again, your house may be big in California but there is  areason why this hotel is SO MUCH bigger!) you also get to experience the rudest service in the history of rudness ever :)I personally like rudness, heck im the bitchiest bitch that will go PMS on you any day, but yet even me reflects upon my innerself, which is indeed quite awesome!) and I come to the conclusion that a club like this, with its african safari theme, which should get raided by PETA anytime to take down their african ivory chairs.., is not necessarly all that it is made out to be.Not only do I want my tourists to have THE best time they will ever have here in my fabulous city, I want my tourists to come back and still be in love.If you want a really good experience, great service and a club that actually will cater to you as a guest and not make you feel like you are inconviniencing them... go to Surrender, Vanity, TAO even Pure for gods sake (it does smell like dirty panties though but some guys I guess do like that hehe) Dont go here and dont waste your hard earned untaxed healthcareobamadollars. Please :)
5	Amazing..this place just rocks...
5	10/10 there literally aren't any fat chicks here, it's awesome
4	XS.....one hell of a club design. After the main dance floor, the club turns into an outside pool party with day beds and cabanas lining up around the large pool. Great idea with the bar and the gambling tables set in the outside bar. It gets crowded EVERYWHERE so walking is a pain but still, if you have a cabana/day bed, it makes life easier. We had a friend with a day bed and damn, drinking and partying while resting your feet in the pool after is the best. One of the clubs I had to pay to get in but it was worth it. We had a buddy (first time in Vegas) KO'd by 4:10ish AM and was laying down at the day bed when security came. I just told him he was OK and the security guy left. Great memories carrying my buddy from the day bed, through the main dance floor, through the casino and to wait for the taxis outside. XS, you did me and my buddies good.
5	XS redefined Las Vegas nightlife and is beyond description. It borders perfection and is simply mind blowing.
5	Partied here on a Saturday night for our joint bachelor/bachelorette "grand finale" and had an amazing time!  We got table service (which I highly recommend - a place to sit, no having to belly up to the bar and instead someone getting you your drinks -- it's actually the ONLY way to go in my opinion).  Our table was at the perfect location, right outside before the pool in the corner -- just enough people traffic, not stuffed inside with the crazy crowd or far off in the distance at the other end of the property.Plus, they totally took care of us -- kept our ice buckets full, kept our mixers stocked, and the bottles coming!  They even came and replaced our table twice because they were unhappy with the wobbliness of the table that was there to begin with.This place filled up fast!  We got there around 10:15PM and by 11PM it was packed!  Great music, beautiful and fun people, ability to dance in the water (great for girls who wore heels all night like me) -- definitely my best clubbing experience!  I can't go back to the clubs I used to go to anymore! Our party of 16 had THE best time there -- we're STILL talking about it!Definitely a place you have to hit when partying in Vegas!
5	Oh, XS?? That old place? Yah, it's nice... y'know.. if you like that kind of thing...SIKE!!! XS is ridiculously glamorous. I could wax all kinds of poetic about how insane this club is but... It's easier to make lists.Pros:1. It's a gorgeous club. Extra large, sparkling gold rotating chandelier in the center of the dance floor that'll hypnotize you, blackjack tables in the middle of the pool, AND stripper poles! (...) 2. All the dancers are pretty little young things, in a non-ho kind of way.3. It's HUGE but if you're in one area you don't feel completely segregated from another and there's still space to breath!4. Friendly staff.5. $20 cover got our group of girls to the front of the line. Cons:1. The DJ played boring music. 20 minutes of house, 20 minutes of pop, and 20 minutes of hip hop. I'm not running the treadmill at the gym, you know!2. It's wayyy too bright in here. I think of myself as a full on Monet - from far away I'm okay, but up close I'm a big ole mess.. especially when there are drinks involved, so dim those lights please.3. $20 cover.Tidbits of our night out:1. I chatted with some girl dancing on the pole and she knew how to WORK. I asked her if she was a stripper (girls can get away with asking such blunt questions) and she said no. Her day job was being a police officer. It makes me hate cops less.2. I was walking across the dance floor and a guy pulls me aside by my arm and then belches in my ear. Wow. I was too confused to be like WTF.3. I asked one of the guys serving our table if he wanted a drink and he declined, explaining the employees get breathalized after every shift (unlike at other clubs where table attendants can drink with partiers).4. There were a ton of SLOPPY girls trying to get on the pole. Now, I'm not a hater and I'm definitely jealous of the go-go dancers. But there's a line between being hot and just a hot mess. These girls were boosting each other up on to the pole, and one of them even fell off... flat out fell 3 feet because she was too drunk to hold on. Hooooo, you've been flagged!Other than that it was a damn good night for our group!!! The rest of the stories are all mine. I'll never teeeeeell.
5	Victor Drais strikes again with easily the top nightclub in Las Vegas if not the entire country. The pure over-the-top atmosphere that exists in XS is enough to satisfy anyone. It has a pool and also gaming tables which is great. The top notch DJs that work at XS will keep u dancing all night on one of the hottest dancefloors around.
2	I must have come here on an off night (it was a Sunday night), but I cannot relate to the majority of the reviews for XS. The club opened at 10:30, so we got there early to avoid the long lines; we also got passes from a promoter on the strip so we didn't have to pay cover. My first impression was that this place was absolutely gorgeous; the pool and bottle service tables looked amazing,  the dancers were impressive as well. The only problem was that the dj wasn't very good; there were only about 20 people dancing even though the entire outdoor pool area was packed with people. I came here to dance, and I tried really hard to enjoy the music, but it just wasn't happening. Needless to say, we left early.The ambiance and staff definitely deserve 5 stars, but the music killed it for me, at least for a Sunday night. I'll probably give this place another chance in the future for a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Very nice and classy place I would say but the girls are classy as well... So basicly you will have a good time but most likely you are not taking anyone to your room. Tables are pretty much necessary for one night stands... It's so crowded and you have to keep moving that you will be tired at the end of the night... So imagine how tired girls would be and they all look for a table to sit.
5	All Vegas clubs are the same.  Ridiculous VIP line, bottle service only way to have fun, lots of people trying really hard.   XS is no different, but they do it really well and add a full pool scene and poolside casino tables.  Tables line the pool which is super cool as well, so you can do Indoor-Outdoor as you please there.  Cool spot.
4	Man this place is huge.  Literally brushed arms with Chuck Lidell for you UFC fans, and people were just cool.  Music is good house music and there is plenty of eye candy.  A group of us would have been well served by getting a table, but the guys at VIP service hooked us up to get us in no line (well worth it).  Overall a good time, just plan on paying a pretty penny for drinks.
5	Yes!! Yes!! Yes!!! You never let me down XS!!! ::hearts::I think I have a different mentality going here. Forget trying to be cute, dancing, and flirting- I find myself sneaking over to the gambling tables every chance I get!!! Everyone was super nice and the drinks were very GENEROUS. We were all cheering each other on and we even got the dealers to 'fist pump' by the end of the night!!Weeeeeee!!! Drink alll dayyyyy... CRAPS alllll night!!! Well.. until 4am, when they declared LAST ROLLL and kicked us out =)
5	This is one of my favorite clubs in LV. It's clean, it's chic, and it's always happening...even on a Sunday. If you plan to go on a busy night, get on the guestlist and show up early (like 10pm early).  Especially if you have guys, go even earlier. Sundays are a lot easier. We weren't even on the guestlist and came after midnight. Got in free, no problem. The promoters just need a little convincing ;)The best part is the heated pool. All you lovely ladies in 5 inch pumps know what I'm talking about. It's the closest thing to heaven for our cute feet. Just take your shoes off, dip, and show off those pedicures.  I've seen some people bring swimsuits and went in for the dive.  Mostly guys though.  Girls tend to want to keep their makeup on.For those who had an affinity for gambling, they have casino tables set up right beside the pool. Why buy drinks when you can get it for free at the tables?  My friends have been very lucky everytime they go here--and it's a different kind of luck than what most people are looking for going to clubs.  More practical =)The music here caters to both Americans and Europeans. But it's the crowd that makes it good. Much less douches. If you misbehave, they'll be happy to kick you out with cops waiting outside.
5	Walking into the club for the first time it looks like the place goes on forever. The deception only lasted until we walked along the edge of the pool, but the effect was pretty impressive. It was a Friday night, a quiet one it seems, because the line was short and the crowd a bit thin. This made for a much better experience as I could see this place getting crazy crowded. Good music, but not a huge dance floor. The stripper poles at the inside tables is a nice touch. Some looked dangerously high, particularly for the obvious novices giving 'em a go. The beds around and in the pool were interesting. So much potential for drunken mayhem. I secretly hoped for a mishap or trip and fall into the pool. Fail. Maybe next time!
5	Best I've been to so farPros:Good variety of music Huge spaceFloor plan is amazing (because they got so much room)Its like a clubbers paradise as soon as you walk inCons:Line is about a mile long if you get there at 10:00-10:30A little priceybouncers are pretty up tight (im a guy so thats expected, they're only nice to hot girls)
5	XS all the way.  Every time I'm at Vegas now I have to go to XS.  I've been here at different times, 9pm, 10pm, 11pm and the lines always move fast regardless of ratios being good or bad.  We usually go with an even ratio of guys to girls, but there were times where the guys outnumbered the girls and we still got in.  They charge cover for girls sometimes also, but guys it's ranged from $20-$50.I always come with XS newcomers and I hype it up big time for them, and they leave thinking "wow that REALLY was a nice/fun club!"  Right when you walk in it's like a rap music video minus the strippers, BUT I've been there on a night where they were throwing money from up above for a good hour.  Last time I went was last month Sep. 2010.  We came at 9pm and it was barely picking up, but we got in within 10 minutes of being in line.  My friend had an incident where he ripped his pants from swinging on the stripper pole in our Party Bus, so they didn't let him in.  In fact, he came back 2 times; the first time they told him to staple his pants, then denied and said sew it up, then last time they told him to get new pants, so he decided to go elsewhere.   I was already in and gone by that time, but the next day we had some good laughs about it.  The dance floor itself is a bit on the small side, but there's a lot more people in the outdoor portion of the club by the pool area to mingle with.  Once it hits prime time midnight, the dance floor is really packed so good luck trying to go in and out through that, take the side paths to get in and out.  The people here are friendly, I haven't had any bad times at XS yet.  Every time I leave Vegas I think to myself "wow XS just keeps getting better and better!"  P.S. I was there from 9pm - 4am, now that's some good XS times.
3	Short men do not like tall girls. lol. I was at a serious disadvantage here.
4	What can I say a Vegas nightclub in one of my favorite Vegas strip hotels. The line does move fast, beautiful people and decor. I love the openess of this club being from Chicago. You get a great view of the night sky while dancing. The music was great too kept everyone moving. Will be returning ;)
5	4.5 starsThis is an excellent nightclub! One of, if not THE best, in vegas! The line outside moved fast, bouncers were nice, drinks were average, and I LOVED the outside area! It made the club feel so spacious! I actually had room to move around and dance instead of bumping into nasty, sweaty people everytime I moved. The decor is great, the music was good, and the people were actually good too! We did go onto the dancefloor for a quick minute but we liked it outside way better. We didnt even have bottle service but still felt like the exerpience was grand. Got to dip our feet in the pool and stayed there dancing all night through. It was soo relaxing, I think that is what made my night. Bartenders were actually nice. I bought 4 drinks for about $60 (including tip)- Vodka cranberry, adios, mai tai, and redbull vodka. Also a plus: as soon as I walked in, I could feel the a/c blowing! It didnt have the stuffy feeling most clubs do. It felt cool in there, not hot and gross with the smell of sweat! It was great!Only thing I didnt like was the cover. =[ so .5 off for that
5	LOVED IT! SOOO MUCH FUN! ITS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!I wish we stayed there longer...saw NE-YO on our way out and he was pretty chill! :) I dont know how much their drinks are cuz my friend bought it for me! He said he got me the mojito..it sure as hell didnt taste like one or maybe it was a really strong one! hahaha! I felt like we were one of the younger ones in the crowd on a Friday night. It seemed like Saturday night had more of a younger crowd.  DJ was pretty good, he played songs that we requested! MUST COME SEE FOR YOURSELF!!!!
5	XS was really and truly an exceptional experience. We came here on a Sunday night of Columbus Day weekend and this place knows how to the party! We received front of the line, no cover, VIP admission via our hotel's concierge. I honestly expected it not to pan out smoothly but it did. My gay bff, gal pal, and I approached the podium stated our guest list and my name, were given a piece a paper and ahead of the line and through the door we go in less than a minute total! I most certainly don't pay covers to go to straight establishments even if they are the "hottest" in Vegas, huh! :-)Upon entrance, and it is quite a grand entrance, we got the lay of the land. Ample VIP table space with tables and couches (with tons of available tables-it was Sunday night) surrounding the sunken dance floor area which, as others have said, opens out onto a sic pool area. Female go-go dancers were doing their thing to the music on either side of the dancefloor. I must say I was a bit underwhelmed with the size of the dancefloor, was expecting it to be bigger but the music certainly made up for it. The DJ spun nicely mixed top 40, hip hop, and dance music and there was no shame on the dance floor. I give the bartenders an B+ for service only because it was so annoying to have to go to the same bartender to order a drink on my tab, don't think I'm used to that in DC. I paid $9 for a pretty decent Stoli Razz and tonic which I found totally acceptable and actually on par with DC nightclubs.As for the clientele it was very mixed (mostly white 20's then some black, asian, gays, some middle-aged business type folks, and the women who accompany them, in the VIP areas) and everyone seemed to be pretty much accepted. Most importantly the douchebaggery quotient was surprisingly LOW everyone seemed to be having a great time and not giving a damn about anyone else. That being said, I doubt I'd come here on a Saturday . . . Assuming free cover and front of the line access again, I would certainly return!
2	Ok, so I went to XS for the fourth time this past Friday night (Ne-Yo Birthday Party) and I must say that this club is truly OVERRATED.  Is it probably one of the nicest clubs that you'll find on the planet?? "Yes,"  but other than that, this place is all hype.  The music was about the same as it was in all of my previous visits....straight up "WHACK."   I don't know why DJ's try to step outside the box by playing music other than hip-hop.  I'd say the DJ played about 35-40 mins of hip-hop all night long.  I think it's safe to say that hip-hop music is what most people prefer when they hit  up a nightclub.  If you don't believe that...just pay attention when you're in the club.  As long as hip-hop is playing, the dance floor stays packed....but the moment the DJ switches to another genre, the dance crowd scatters in different directions as if someone just yelled over mic that the building is on fire.I frequent VeGaS on the regular, so I've been to almost every hot nightclub in VeGas and I'd take Sin Sundays @ Vanity & Haze on a Saturday night, any day over XS.  Again, XS is probably the nicest nightclub in VeGaS but the music is LAME.  I'm sorry but hot girls with bad music just ain't a good mix.  Pretty much all the hot spots in VeGaS has hot chics, so it's imperative that a club brings good music to the table.  Sorry to disappoint but XS simply fails when it comes to the music, so the best I can do is give it 2 stars.
5	HEY! LADIES GET IN FREE IF YOU GO TO TRYST FIRST AND GET THE STAMP! At least that worked for my friends and I...Thank you XS for playing a mix of top 40s and techno/trance...just my type of music. :) What other club has a freaking pool in the middle?
5	I was just here again on Sat 10-15.  Good times as usual besides my friend getting kicked out for being "too drunk" within 20 minutes of being there.  Met some nice people at the outdoor area once again and stayed until 4am shooting the breeze with them.  The music was the usual top 40s electro mashup, 120 bpms+.   The dance floor was packed as usual, nice and diverse crowd.  Parts of the night was a bit of a blur, but I woke up with sore legs, which means I had a good time on the dance floor!
5	What club has bars, a dj, a dance floor and a pool party? XS!Came here on a Saturday night and got into line around 10pm without even much of a wait, which was a nice surprise! $20 entry for women, $30 for men.Oh jeez. Cabanas everywhere surrounding the pool, multiple bars, jacuzzi, fantastic DJ playing great music, and multiple bathrooms stocked with hair products and body spray to the nines!We also managed to drunkenly stumble everywhere, fall minimal amount of times, get gifted a Bachelorette sash by some random guy, have a jacuzzi fight, save a friend who fell into the jacuzzi and run out before the bouncers kicked us out for being belligerent. I loved it here. LOVE LOVE LOVED it! Officially my favorite club in Vegas!
1	If it's possible to give this place negatives I would gladly do so. No matter how successful a place might have become, it is never acceptable for it to start ignoring some really basic customer service values.First of all, we bought bottle service and were in the right line to get into the club. One of our friends saw someone he knew so he lingered behind to chit chat, and later came to join us. The usher person then proceeds to kick him out of the line although he's with the entire group to get in on the bottle service, without so much as listen to the explanation. She then proceeds to make rude derogatory remarks to another friend of ours whose ID didn't "look" like her. The fact that XS is operating where it is, I would hope their management would have the common sense to hire employees who are more sensitive to other cultures. No matter how great the actual venue is, no matter how great their DJs or their music, or even the number of highly attractive ladies that might frequent there, the fact that their first impression at the door is one of unwelcoming racists remark is one that should only deserve criticism, and boycott. XS management team, if you are reading this - you should really reevaluate the disposition of your employees before your club gets run into the ground over something basic as human decency and your first and foremost principle to success, customer service.
4	I finally went to XS. Took forever, finally went. We got into the place, no problems, thanks to friends, and had one of those round bed things right at the pool. My #1 favorite thing?? After one night down dancing in heels, I was ecstatic to see that I could dance in the shallow water w/o any shoes on. HEAVEN. It wasn't super crowded as I expected (kind of a less crowded Weekend). No wait at the bathroom, barely a wait at the bars when I went. (We then realized we should just order from the waitress). The waitress was very nice, quick & efficient. Especially when working with the drunks. =)Good music, good vibe. Happy people and a pool.  MUST go back.
5	Probably one of the nicest clubs in Las Vegas, or anywhere.  Came here on saturday 10/02.  Girls had to pay $20 cause we came with so many guys, who paid $50.  It was worth it though cause the club was so beautiful.  Half inside and half outside by the pool and bars all over. I LOVED the DJ there, who played mostly house mixes!  I love house, but if you're not into that, you may want to go somewhere else.  Girls (and some guys) were taking their shoes off and dancing in the water.  That's not my thing, I think it's pretty gross, especially putting your heels back on afterwards, but if your feet are killing you, it's the best!  It was fun dancing, it felt roomy, but towards 2am they let way too many people in and it felt like everyone was shoulder to shoulder.  I felt like I had no room to dance and I was just moving back and forth trying not to step on anyone, lol. Overall, fun place!
4	XS is an outdoor nightclub at the Encore. It's quite nice to not to be crammed in an indoor nightclub when the weather outside is so enjoyable. The music isn't bumpin' unless you are on the dance floor by the DJ, but it's loud enough to dance and enjoy yourself while hanging by the pool. The cabanas are large, there are plenty of places to sit if you don't have a cabana, and the vibe is chill. We met some really cool people.  I shall return for another evening of fun...
4	I would have to say this club is in a class of it's own. Many people may say it's the best nightclub in the world, others will say its highly overrated and go waste your money elsewhere. It's luxuriously a mix of both.Yes, it is an expensive club, hard to get in discounted or comp'd, hard to get guestlists, and extremely expensive bottle service. However, is it worthwhile? Would you dish out a couple hundred for one night to receive their so called "VIP" service and avoid the long lines...Well hey........ if you got the money, then it's not a problem... RIGHT??? "It ain't trickin' if you got it" If you know what that means :)Cover for females was $20 and males were $50.... we made sure to get their early for general admission and we were prob one of the first 50 inside the club, our wait in line was only about 10 minutes or so. You pay the snobby cashiers and the bouncers allow you through the doors to "paradise"You walk up the marble and stone stairs and you're met with a glimpse of exotic, luxurious, and sexy dance floor. It doesn't just end there!!You walk outside and you feel like you're in a trance. You see the gorgeous, tricked out pool. Wrapped around it is a circle of cabanas, booths, and even card tables!!The music is great. It's always a mix of house/electro/hip hop. Something upbeat to keep the heat going all night longgggg.The downfall:- expensive cover charge- over priced drinks- snobby bartenders- YOU WON'T WANT TO LEAVE... UNTIL THEY MAKE YOURatingsAmbience:     A     Sophisticated and sexyCleanliness: A -   Very up to parService:         C -   Snobby and rudeDrinks:           B +  Quickly made, strong mixesPrice:             D +   Extremely overpricedOverall:          B - Great experience overall, will return!
5	The wait to get in is super long if you come later in the night.  The cost to get in is about $20-$30 for ladies and $40 for guys, but they do increase the price if it gets later in the night.  Guys can pay up to $50 or more!Once you get your food in the door, you will see that the place is beautiful.  But the pricing for drinks = expensive! so pre-drink...although you may lose the buzz feeling while waiting in the looooong line.*****THE POOL AREA IS DANGEROUS WHEN YOU'RE IN HEELS!!!!!*****Watch your stepS or you may fall FACE FIRST and BREAK YOUR TEETH!!Whatever happened in Vegas that night definitely did NOT stay in Vegas...
1	I love nightclubs.  This place is beautiful but after that it lacks a lot.  My friends and I had reserved 2 tables for around $6k for my buddy's bachelor party.  The tables were confirmed, reconfirmed and reconfirmed again before we all arrived.  When we arrived they tried to put us in two tables well behind those, then tried to charge us through the roof for the same tables we already had booked.  WTF.......everything you could possibly hate about a club experience.  Basically the experience was ruined before it began.  Thanks XS.  Anyway, we ponied up some more $$$ to make them happy.  Hope you're happy XS management?  Not sure how you sleep at night.  To boot, the DJ sucked.  Again, I love clubs and great DJs.  XS is excess in the worst way.  Overpriced and full of itself.  There are better clubs in vegas, just look around and you'll find them....and at a fraction of the cost and attitude.
4	So I find my way coming here every time I come to Vegas. I mean the longest I've had to wait in line to this place was probably 20minutes. But that's because I was with a bunch of boys, and boys just don't get a lot of love at Vegas clubs. LOL But I love this venue. I usually just stay outside by the pools, since the inside gets RIDICULOUSLY crowded. Seriously you can lose friends walking through this place. I mean even going to the bathroom is a journey itself. We once had bottle service at the little bungalow at the second floor by the pool and I really liked it over there. It was FAR away from all the crowd and more intimate where you can just talk to friends. Bottle service is always crazy expensive, but when you know the right people it's not that bad. But drinks here are expensive. I remembered buying two cocktails and I paid like $35 for both. EEk! But typical Vegas prices. Dancing in the pool is really cool, well so you can rest you sore feet from your painful heels, but just don't jump in because you will get kicked out. Just go to the nights where they do let you swim in the pool. This place is definitely the spot to hang out when your in Vegas.
4	My first and only time here was two weekends ago. I had a good time with my girlfriends! We got hookups in Vegas, so we were pretty much at the front of the line, got in for free, and free table service. What I liked about this place was that it opened up to the pool area. It was gorgeous out there with the lights reflecting off the water.
4	Baller. You walk in and you see a sea of people, dressed up Vegas patrons in all their bleach and glitter. If that weren't enough, just bring your eyes higher to see that glowing cerulean pool that surrounds a circular bar like a moat, with a go-go dancer on top.The site is quite to behold. This is Las Vegas is what you think when you walk in. Lines get LONG. $50 to get in. But once you past the entrance, it's smooth sailing. There's casino tables, pool chairs, bars, dancing, and just a smorgasbord of everything to occupy yourself with.
5	Boom! Had a GREAT time last night, club is super legit, crowded, and fun! Door took care of us all, mad props, will be back.
5	When clubs are little and they ask them- "What do you want to be when you grow up?", they say,"I wanna be like XS."This is the BEST club I have ever been in.Including Paris, LA, Vegas, which are the only real comparisons I can make.As soon as I walked in (free and no line thanks to my amazing Vegas promoters) I was like ooohhhh... I've come home!-- you see... the nightclub is like my natural habitat.XS was gorgous inside- sound system is amazing despite the open space. And speaking of the open space- the club is airy and it feels wonderful to not be packed and sweaty.The pool area is amazing- you can chill, dance with your sore feet in the water and just enjoy a little break in between furious bouts of dancing to some amazing music. Top 40 and some House gems. The music was perfectly balanced and kept us dancing all night.I definitely hold XS high up on the pedestal of amazing clubs- Can't wait to go back!!
5	Halloween night at XS was OFF THE HOOK!!!!.I do not even know to begin as of right now, im still trying to figure out what the hell happened last night. My group had an awesome table location set up by our host (PM for host info). Snakeskin Table at the most prime location possible in the club, The Stripper Pole.All night the talent on the poles were great. These girls come to Vegas to have a good time and it shows.... Everything shows with these girls last night, lol.The music was excellent. Lots of good electro house, trance and other house tracks. If your looking for straight up Top 40 type of deal, you'll be disappointed.  The DJ was keeping the tunes going and the everyone was having a ball.  Even though it was a Sunday, the venue was PACKED. I would highly recommend anyone coming here to have a table. If not, you'll be outside with no real estate to do your thing. Some clubs you can get away w/o a table but I believe XS is one where the inside locations are the best spots in the house. Can wait to be back.... which will be in 3 weeks!
5	Hands down, this is one of my most favorite clubs in Vegas for dancing!!  They tend to play a lot of house music and although i'm not a big fan of house myself, i'm pretty sure you'll get caught up with the crazy energy-packed atmosphere and love it also!  Came here over Halloween weekend and surely, being halloween it was pretty packed.  Had hookups with the promoter from a friend who had visited in the past and although there were some complications at the beginning, the six girls in our group got in for free (vs. paying the $30 cover charge they were charging that Saturday night for girls and $50 for guys). This place is THE best for the dance floor, it's the focal point of the club and all the VIP booths are centered around it.  The dance floor spills into the open air which opens up into the pool area and that in itself is just breath-taking; esp even more so, if you're drunk. lol.The drinks, on the other hand are pretty pricey - $13 for a shot of goose and $16 for raspberry long island!  But, what can you say?  It IS vegas afterall.
3	At age 28 I refuse to stand in lines/pay cover to go to any dance clubs. I just wont/can't do that anymore. Luckily I know people who can make this happen or else I would never ever go out. Anyways came here on Saturday (one of many stops) for a halloween party. THEY CHARGE GIRLS TO GET IN. That speaks volumes. Anyways the decor is extremely nice. Its twice as big as tryst, indoor and outdoor. The music was some techo/dance crap so that was a no go. A girl who was dancing on a table titty popped out... other than that not to much to report.
4	Awesome club when the open the full dance club is open (pool area).  Yes it is expensive, and if you're a guy like me you better have an in or you're pretty much screwed, but you can't deny how sick this club is.  A Tip for getting in, BRING LADIES, lots of ladies, you're ratio should be 2 to 1 girl/guy ratio and if you don't have that ratio find some girls to come with.  Oh yeah and make sure they're hot girls, or at least slutty looking.  Anyway Halloween was good times here, everyone finally dressed up for Sunday night.    Vegas being Vegas you're going to drop about $13-15 a drink here, so make sure to pre-party before you arrive or you'll leave broke.  My only stink about this place is that they still have bathroom attendants, who still does that?  I hate having to tip a guy to hand me a paper towel 3 times a night, it's annoying.
5	Everything you could ask for in a club. The line is a little ridic as expected for a hot spot. They will hit capacity basically every night of the weekend. It's always going to be hit or miss at every club for every individual but in general this place is impressive. The drinks are Vegas priced(basically don't come thinking ur goin to get off easy on the wallet) but they are strong enough if you ask. Place is really fun music and worth checking out if you have never been.  I'm sure it's been said before but arrive early even if on Guestlist.
5	I am not a big fan of massive nightclub venues, but XS is an exception.  It wasn't hard for our bachelorette party to make entry since we had a host, and the line was not very long either.  Beautiful decor and dancers scattered everywhere, it's a lot to take in, especially when the interior areas are jam packed.The one thing that makes me ADORE this place is the pool.  On a hot night, already fueled by alcohol, the outdoor area is the oasis to my burning desire to escape the sardines crammed inside.  Once situated at a cabana/seating area, we were served drinks from a wandering waitress and I was able to kick off my heels and become one with the water.We avoided going to TAO [which I have yet to go to] because of the over hyped crowd, but the amount of people here scared me straight from going, so maybe next time if I am drunk enough, I'll go to compare.As long as there's a pool I can dance in, I'll be there if I'm in Vegas.
4	This place blew me away last year when i first went, however, when I visited this place again on Halloween eve, i didn't feel it. Perhaps it was halloween eve so you get all types of people but the crowd was definitely not as good as Surrender. still love this place tho.
5	Loved the club! Recommend getting bottle service to really enjoy the night- I loved the fact that they open the pool area for the club. Great music beautiful ppl- must arrive early!
5	Hands down best club I've ever been to.Music is off the hook! I love house music!Atmosphere is awesome.Holy balls I had so much fun for Halloween.
3	To be quite honest, after all the lights, colors, and the immense size of the venue, I still think its okay... maybe because no matter what, you have to stand in a LONG a$$ line and you HAVE to pay, even if you're a girl, and its always crowded. I been in here twice, the first time I had a blast b/c I had a great buzz, I was 20 of my girls, and hey! that's fun! The second time, my feet hurt like a bitch because of that long a$$ wait! so I go down to the pool to cool my feet (other ppl joined me of course) and my friends and I just chilled there. For some reason, both times that I went here, my group seems to be involved in some kind of verbal fight. I'm honest and I don't think it was our fault. First night my group was taking a picture and some random guy tries to ruin our picture by being in it, we of course make fuss b/c who wants a random ugly guy in the photo (ruined!). This chick walks by and talks smack how we're snobs, and there we go... cat fight (kind of). The second time, some little boys gets all snobby that one of my girls sat on their reserved seat for a quick second, and starts talking smack. How rude. I think the people who goes here say something about the club... snobby... I'm not completely impressed by this place, even if with its grandeur dance floor and water-beds.
4	Came here two nights in a row this weekend only because nothing good was open on Sunday night. Saturday night had the longest line everrr, waited 30 min to get in with $20 cover (thumbs down for that sh!t).Drinks are about $15 per and the dance floor was sardine-packed so movement was limited. Music is NOT hip-hop like I expected but top 40, mix of hip-hop, pop, rock, and of course techno.The club itself though is a sight to see, the best looking club I have ever been to. More VIP seating than dancing, bars are big, outside pool area rocks my socks!, and the bathrooms are plentiful. For guys, dress code is enforced but jeans and jordans were ok.Sunday night was better, you could actually dance and not limit yourself to just bouncing and getting in free with no cover charge helped. My only regret was coming on a Saturday when there are so many other options. But who cares I was drunk...good times here, will do again.
5	I came here and did it V.I.P style thanks to my boy Sunny who lives out in Vegas. He hooked it up with everything.. from stretch Limo to the club, Cabana and Henny xo bottles. Best club i've ever been in and I had the best time of my life there.. Was there for my Bachelor party and i didnt have to wait in line. Line is very very very long for a reason, and its probably because its most cracking club in Vegas. Atleast i believe so.. Looking forward to going there again some time next year
5	gorgeous setting inside and out.  gamble to save money on drinks!  loved dancing outside with friends in the open air, taking off shoes and dancing in the water... we got there pretty early, probably wouldn't recommend getting there until 10:00pm (but i hear the price goes up the later you get there!)... but i LIKE! :)
3	Thought I'd write one review before I left since Ill be in vegasss this weekend! okay this club is beautiful, and looking out from the outside in, seems like an awesome party BUT and this is a BIIIIIGGGG BUTTTTT.. they have the worst music ever. HOUSE MUSIC is not music. They will probably play good music for about 20 % of the time and this seems to stay the same no matter what night you go. Whenver I go here, I mostly use it like a lounge and just chill out by the pool. In the summer time its nice because you can dip your feet in the water =) but as a club.. NG. no good. I hate dancing to house music and even more I hate seeing PEOPLE try to dance to house music. they just look like they are jumping up and down. People who like house music annoy me. hahaha i love making blanket statements like that... but its usually true.. just like the fact that  all Vegans are annoying. another random but true statement.. TRUST!If this place played fun music, for sure it'd probably go up to 5 stars. and even though I complain about the music, I'll still probably go here this weekend! its begas babyyyy begas~
5	Expect long entry lines if you come late, line wait aprox. 2 -3 hours without VIP pass. VIP passes are limited and worth buy one for about 60 bucks, so you can avoid to be waiting and get into the club after 1am, with VIP pass you get in strait up front.  Club is built around a swimming pool. It's a gorgeous sight, inside and out. Large areas of the water are shallow enough to dance in, and every night girls can be seen, with shoes in one hand and a drink in the other, laughing and splashing around. The music pumps everywhere, a mix of Hip-Hop, House, and even a little Salsa. The outdoor area, even if it's packed, feels a little calmer than the indoors, probably due to the breeze and the open space of the pool. Bottle service is available inside and out. When the bars get crowded, expect to wait up to twenty minutes for a drink. Hottest club in the strip!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas.  The club is spacious with enough room on the dance floor where you don't get your toes stepped on and you can easily move in the crowd.  The place is lined with stripper poles so put on your best moves and be confident!  The decor is chic and sexy.  It was defiantly made to rev up your sex drive... or spend loads of money in hopes of getting laid.If the dance floor is too crowded for your taste, there is an outside pool area with plenty of breathing space.  You're not suppose to play in the pool but people do.... like me =).
5	Thanks to our promotor/friend/old neighbor Lance, we had no problem getting 20 girls into XS for my bachelorette party. At first we were escorted to the lounge area near the pool but it was a wee bit windy so we went upstairs to one of the cabanas. Definitely the perfect choice for such a big group. Equipped with sofa's and comfy chairs, we made ourselves at home right away. Also there were restrooms near us so we didn't have to walk far. Always a plus, especially in 4+ inch heels! We had bottling service and the gals were amazing sweet and took great care of us. The dance floor was pretty far from what I could recall but it really didn't phase us. The ambiance of the whole club was breath taking. My husband also had his bachelor's party here as well and had the same experience as I had. Private message me if you're interested in booking large groups or if you just want a table for a small or large group at any club in Vegas and I'll give you my contact's info. He'll definitely take great care of you. P.S. Dress to impress!
3	XS really is excessive. I have a hook-up in Vegas that recommend trying this place out. He gave me a name of someone who would get my party and I in once we got there. Their "guest list" is a joke. No one could seem to find our names or the head that works there... After wondering around for a while I was directed to the man in charge. My cousin and I (both females) were let in without any cover and without having to wait. However the guys in our party, had to pay and wait in line. I know that being a female, I get my share of handouts. However, I was a little let down that the rest of my party couldn't get in as we were promised. The place was completely over the top once you got through the safeguarded doors. Everything was top notch, and it showed. I did feel that the guy to girl ratio is 10 girls to every one guy, which may seem great to the promoters, but kind of an uneven crowd if you ask me. Seems like the girls were just doing their own thing since there was so many of them. Indoors was extremely claustrophobic... Once I stepped foot in the patio it felt like heaven. Cool breeze, cabanas everywhere, bottle service galore, and way more room to get your dance on. This place is probably the best 'club' when you think of clubbing in the Vegas sense. But if you are a guy, be prepared to pay top dollar for drinks and entry.
3	Got bottle service this past weekend...wrong time to go to an outdoor club...we shouldve got table inside.....it was cold and windy...i guess it worked out coz i'm a big guy and ladies just love gettin close and friendly toa big guy...so yea...got me some feely feely with some hot ladies...they still play trance and house and very little hip hop...so I prolly won't be coming back here for a while...
5	The best nightclub I've ever been to, hands down.Yes, I paid $50 cover for each guy on Halloween weekend, but what do you expect from the hottest club in Las Vegas! From the decor, to the sheer size of this place, there is not one thing I would change about this. When I think of how nightclubs should be like, this is what I picture.Too sweaty on the dance floor? Just go outside to the pool area and cool off. Wanna gamble a little bit while there? No problem. Thirsty? Go to the bar or make friends with someone with bottle service.The Wynn/Encore has 3 of my top 4 nightclubs in Vegas. I've been to 11 in my day. Here is my list from best to worst.#1 = XS#2 = Tao#3 = Surrender#4 = Tryst#5 = Haze#6 = Rain#7 = Pure#8 = LAX#9 = Jet#10 = Studio 54#11 = Gold Lounge
2	Over crowded. Over priced. Over dull. This is like Hellywood.. Uhmm.. NO THANKS!!!It is pretty though, so... 2 stars... LOL....
5	I wanted to hate this place. Basically because it is the "it" place to be and I'm a huge hater. But damn! This place is the bomb. If you hate this place, I'm not sure what is wrong with you. A lot of the complaints stem from the fact that the cover is so high. Come on people! It's Vegas! It's losing three hands of blackjack except it's alot more fun. Just pay up and forget about it!My biggest complaints about clubs are that either they are too cramped or it is too damn hot inside. XS solves both of these dilemmas. The space is basically wide open with a huge dance floor and the back wall of the place opens to the pool. Couple this with the fact that the place is littered with freakishly hot women in freakishly revealing clothing, you pretty much have stepped into heaven on Earth.
5	If were to describe sex through a nightclub, XS is it. Sinful, addicting, enticing, free (well for some...hahahha), and pleasurable. Love it.
5	XS has everything! It's definitely one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. Most of the dance floor is indoors with an outdoor area that consists of a pool with cabanas, bar, smoking area, and room to breathe.  Trust me, once it gets to around midnight, the dance floor is XSively crowded and you'll need that room to breathe. If you want to make sure you have a good time, get there early to avoid the long line/expensive cover hassle (I know, it's a bit of a sacrifice, but so worth it!) and pre-party, pre-party, pre-party! Drinks are expensive so even the cheapest date becomes an expensive night.  Both times I came, the boys in our group had to pay $30, but I guess that's the price you pay for being a guy.Is it really worth all of it's 5 stars? Maybe not all the time. But XS has some awesome qualities. Anyone who isn't in awe by the look and decor and the size of the club must be crazy, or possibly too crazy-drunk to notice.
3	While XS is proclaimed to be the top nightclub in Vegas, I felt no extreme distinction between any good club in Vegas...perhaps the notorious long lines and expensive cover create the illusion of a promised good time? Luckily, the line as not too long on a Friday night so I did not have to wait long. I already knew that it would not live up to the hype -- it's pretty overrated, I have to say -- but the venue is beautiful and a good size, and the music was not bad. I had my fair of drunken memories (or lack thereof), and would not mind coming back (only if there is not that long of a line though).
5	XS nightclub is beautiful. Best club I've ever seen. And I'm not just writing this cause I DJ there. LOL It really is like nothing else & I've been to nightclubs all over the world.
5	Beautiful! with lots of space! Pretty big dance floor inside, huge pool and more space outside! drinks are expensive but good!it's definitely worth getting passes on the street for this.. they're harder to find, cost us about $20 for six girls, but we were in super fast without the cover (i saw other girls paying and i've heard of guys having to pay $100 to get in... yikes!)
4	I now understand why XS is one of the best clubs in Las Vegas right now. The decor is beautiful, the staff is classy and the DJ spins great music. Usually you only get one or two out of the three. We went on Sunday night, which is industry night. We waited no longer than 5 minutes to get into the club. It was crowded, but not to the point where it was annoying. There was a diverse group of people, many who were there to just dance and have a good time. We sat at a table outside for awhile. Even though it was cold, the heaters kept us warm. Some of our friends decided they wanted to dance and a couple other tables of people got up and danced with us as well. 0verall, it was a good night. I would come again on industry night...skip all of the tourists/annoying drunk people who come out on Friday and Saturday nights and wait in ridiculously long lines. If you're going to come to this club on either of those nights...make sure to get bottle service. It's the only way you're going to survive the masses of people.
4	Some people say XS is overrated, but I think it really deserves its praises.  This place is really cool... spacious and there's a pool area outside. It does get really crowded though. But I'm still alive (though I got a loose toenail at the end of one night, but that's not XS's fault).I'm excited to go back. People who haven't been to XS should definitely give it a try. I never really have much to say about clubs, but then I think I just don't remember much and honestly, it's really one of those things that you should experience for yourself anyway. The line looks horrifically long but it's really not that bad -- it goes by quicker than you'd expect. Bring $$ if you're going to have to pay to get in, especially the guys if you want to speed up the process, be prepared to shell out some more cash.Be nice to the hosts/security! :) I know someone who works at Tryst and XS and it's funny but also sucks that he has people calling him "asshole" for no reason all the time.
4	Rating from 1 to 10, 10 being the best or extremely over priced.The place: 8.75 (mega, beautiful, hip, upscale )The cleanliness: 8.5 (well maintained)The music: 7.5 (pretty good, but not exactly my kind)The sound system: 9 (excellent sounds all over the place)The dance floor: 7 (small for the mega club, but other spaces made up for it)The employees: 7.75 (friendly and helpful)The drink: 8 (good portion and taste strong)The price: 7.5 ($25 entrance a little high, but not a problem)I will definitely go to this club again for two main reasons, love the layout and decor, and lots of places to sit even if you have no bottle service. However, there is one thing that made me scratched my head, for such a mega upscale club, they don't seem to be strict on attire, cause I saw a few people there with hoody sweat shirt, regular jeans, and old dirty tennis shoes.
5	I can't say I have been to all the major clubs in Vegas, but XS is my favorite up to date!The bouncers think they are nightlife gods & need to lighten up, but once you're inside it's all positive vibes from there on out. There is a cover of 20-25$ but girls should have no problem getting on a free guest list when strolling the strip...just don't fall for any scams that ask you to purchase admission passes! As for guys, you might just have to pay cover..sucks to live in a sexist society, doesn't it?Anyways, the place is spacious and luxurious. There is an indoors dance floor & tables (bottle service only) as well as a huge outdoors with a pool, full bar, and private cabanas as well. I like the music selections...they play more Euro/House type stuff than the average club, yet there is still plenty of popular hits to bounce around to Not sure if XS is just my lucky charm, but I always find some eye-candy at this place! The place does get packed so if you like your space, stick with the outdoors. & ladies, once your feet can't take the pain from the 5inch stilettos any longer, ditch the shoes and dip your feet into the pool! (actually, the men seem to enjoy this ritual as much as the ladies)
5	XS is insane... although drink prices were exorbitant, the atmosphere, the music, and the overall vibe made it all worthwhile. from the poolside to pole-side, the club was on fire! I would think it nearly impossible to not have a blast at XS... AND it was, without question, the best Halloween spot on the strip. I really cannot wait for my next taste of XS!
5	The line here has always been ridiculous on busy nights. People start lining up around 9:00-9:30 but the club opens at 10. It wraps around the corner and into the theater area, yes, that long. To get in, costs $50 for guys and $30 for girls, unless you have some sort of plug to get you in. Moving on.....I have to say, I do love the decor of this club. There's a hot to trot inside area, and an even sexier outside area. Outside, has cabanas, pools, and outside bars. Every time I've been here they've played house, one time it was mixed with a little top 40, but doesn't matter, I love house!The drink prices are high but it's XS. The name of the club speaks for it all. If you want a place to sit, get bottle service at about $450 a bottle or find a plug who can get you a cheaper price. But you're in Vegas, drinks outside the club are easy to come by. I always have fun here. I can dance the night away....See you soon XS.
5	Its XS BABY!!!I would have to say this is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Whenever you go to Vegas there will always be a line and the wait is horrible. Its usually an hour or  two hour wait. I'd recommend getting bottled service because you dont have to stand and bump into people. As we were waiting for our host to pick us up and escort us to our cabana, we had the perfect view of the swimming pool, 2 bars one on the left and one on the right side and a little gaming area how fun and convenient, LOL. Oh i forgot to mention our cabana was heatedWish our bar back guy would smile, but he was on his A game, always restocking our juices, shot glasses and our cups. Great job.PROS: Heated Cabana, Restroom near the cabana, and great staff!!CONS: People entering our cabana!!
5	One word: AMAZING.I had such a great experience here. Upon walking in, you are greeted with lots of couches and the big dance floor that is not only inside, but outside as well. The outside area was probably the best part. There are numerous cabanas that surround the pool area. The pool is a nice little touch where you can soak your tired feet. There is a island bar in the middle of the pool where you can also gamble.The music was loud enough outside where you can still dance while cooling off but also quiet enough where you can still carry on a normal conversation. I love the amount of space that is provided here. The venue was fabulous. Definitely can't wait to go back to Vegas and come here!
4	We were here on a Monday night, since we are staying at encore we arrived around 1245am or so. No line, cover was $20/lady, $30/guys (we are fine with this given we are used to NYC's price) drinks are also NYC price so I won't say it's expensive or anything..The music was not bad, a mix of old school hip hop,pop,house. The crowd was great, energetic, fun,young and beautiful. There are a few dancers which aren't that great of a dancer. And a few snooki wannabe at the club which was funny as hell!Overall, we had a lot of fun but still prefer NYC scene!
5	I've been to XS three times since '09, twice for summer bachelor parties = Cabana/bottle $ervice. You get what you pay for...and more. It was definitely the hottest club in '09 and is arguably still atop the places to be. The cabana staff are comprised of all good-looking people, the clientele are all in the mood to party, and the indoor/outdoor music, dancing, gambling, and poolside frolicking make for a "time of your life" type of night. Sometimes I just think back to those nights and can't help but smile.
5	Love this club!Music is great, scenery is amazing, and dance floor is the main attraction to this lively place.I love the idea that this place is one gigantic floor that stretches out from indoor to outdoor. (hit the floor & get some fresh air) good combination when it comes to getting around easily.I don't know about you (guys) but the girls bathroom is down right gorgeous. (makes a girl feel at home)This nightclub has enough space for you to enjoy your area without the pushing and shoving that normally happens in other clubs.
5	One of the best clubbing/Vegas experiences I have ever had. If you ever want to feel like you've made it, you definitely NEED to check XS out. Like Desmond C, mentioned, it really helps to know a promoter or someone who can at least help you bypass the ridiculously long line to get in. A large group of us went on a Sat night, and the guys, even if on the guest list, had to pay for cover. $30 on a sat night, is pretty reasonable though, especially given the 5 star entertainment and service you'll experience inside.The music was great, and the crowd is plenty fun. The pool area is a nice cool off spot, and you'll always catch a DB slip in because they're just that intoxicated. Lots of casino tables and cabanas if you're ballin outta control. A bit crowded and easy to lose your friends in the crowd, but sometimes, you just want to get lost in the experience of it all. Very fun and definitely what I expected from a top notch Vegas club
5	One of the best clubbing experiences I have ever had not just Vegas, but I mean like ever. I came over the summer for a pool party on Sunday night and wow, they really know how to party here. Also the promoter I was in contact with hooked it up with free admission and didn't screw me over like some promoters did  in the past! A simple and professional exchange was all it took to get us in quickly, NO BS! A lot of promoters in Vegas do not understand this concept! The club was crackin. The whole place was huge and really nice and the crowd was a pretty good mix. However, I could do without the house music though. I'm more of a hip hop guy. Also the drinks and buy-ins at the card tables were expensive, but hey it's Vegas! Overall it was a lot of fun and the vibe was good. Also experienced a crazy drunk white guy dancing like he was having a seizure. Funny stuff. Definitely a must stop if clubbing in Vegas.
5	I died and went to clubbers heaven. XS is everything a true clubber ever dreamed of.Splurge on the bottle service here because the bar is packed all night. My group walked right in and I had to stop to take it all in. Very spacious, beautiful decor. Where did it end? It didn't end because the club opens does not have a back wall, no, it opens up to a huge fabulous pool area. The music, bottle service and crowd were all awesome. I had a great time.
3	apparently this is where all the boys are! minus 1 star because of the music though...too much house, not enough hip hop. there isn't really anywhere to sit. you either have to get a table or make friends with people at a table. i love that the club opens up to the pool area of the hotel.
5	When so many people rave about a place, I usually end up with expectations that are too high and inevitably get disappointed. However, this was NOT the case with XS. XS delivered and was everything it promised to be! The bouncers & the doormen are very sweet & getting in is a breeze. From the minute I got in I was blown away by the decor. It's dark and glam and not dirty! It's a more upscale club than others and you really can't go looking a mess. Even their poles weren't trashy! They aren't metal... maybe marble? But who knows, I was toasted. I love the indoor/outdoor layout and it's very spacious with plenty of bars. It got really, really crowded but was big enough so that you aren't crammed in one place (helps to get a table though so you have plenty of room to dance). There are a ton of bars and though their drinks could have been better, after a certain point it really doesn't matter. The music was good, everyone was dancing, and overall it was a great experience!!! And ladies, there are a lot of bathrooms! No more waiting in an insufferable line after you've broken the seal for a 3-stall bathroom. There are a couple of bathrooms scattered both indoors and outdoors with plenty of stalls so you won't have to do the peepee dance for too long. My favorite part? This is a feet friendly club. The worst part about going to clubs are the HEELS. Your feet hurt like sh*t by the time you get home and you're limping for days, depending on how high they were. @ XS there are plenty of places to take a break. Lots of places to sit, and you can dance in the pools which is so necessary when your feet are burning from those heels that look oh-so-good but feel like hell. I really liked Surrender, but XS blew me away as well. If you're in Vegas, I'd definitely recommend stopping by one or the other. Have fun!!!
3	Arrived to Encore around 1am, there was a short line. Paid $20 to get in. It was hella packed inside. Some fatty stepped on my toe and I had to shove him because he didn't even notice. Stupid British accent guy. Get a hint fool. We spent most of our time outside near the pool. There was a nice view of the hotel and pool. There was a girl break dancing in a mini skirt= free show. Nice place, music was ok for the most part, and unfortunately the crowd was not too pretty that night.
4	Our group of 35 got in line at about midnight or so. The line was very long but we didn't have too much trouble on the wait and getting in. We waited no longer than 30mins and the cover for the guys were $30; our group of girls got in free.The place is nice and spacious, a lot of tables and booths, and several bars. There were a lot of people inside the nightclub dancing and drinking. Some areas of poles where there are girls dancing as well. If you walk outside, there is a huge area that has the pools and a gambling area.There was one particular bouncer who was being a complete a**. He kept pushing us into the middle of the dance floor because we were in the aisle; we weren't even blocking the walkway because we were sitting on the little wall.Music overall was good, not that great.
5	XS is the way a nightclub should be. I love the oversized lamp posts doubling as a stripper pole. I love how the walls are adorned with female silhouettes at the bar area. The chandelier rotates in the center of the dance floor. The restrooms are immaculate and the dancers are first class (they dance with lots of energy unlike some other clubs in Vegas)This nightclub opens out to the outdoors. However, since it was winter, they drained the pool area. :( Oh well.Make sure you bring lots of money since drinks are really expensive and entrance fee is pretty hefty. Also, if you want to get in at a decent hour during the weekends, you need to get there by 9pm at the latest, or else you will be waiting in line the whole night. Or, if you get table service (very expensive) you won't have to wait too long if you can afford it.
4	Came here on our last day of vegas.It was MOS DEF. crackin. I like my clubs a little darker, but for those who like to see if the fellas or the ladies are grenades or not, I think this is the club for you. It's got enough light to see everything and everyone of their faces. The venue was really really nice. I LOVE how when you come out of the back of the club, there's a girl dancing in the middle of all the water. I think that's really different and is what makes this club really unique and different from the others. DEF. would come back to XS. One of the better clubs I been to.One thing I don't like are the drinks. It's a bit watered down..I had 2 AMF's and still did not mess me up...
3	Feels like XS and Tao attract the most Asians in Vegas. Personally I'd pick Tao over XS for several reasons:- XS seems like it wants to be a hybrid club/lounge (aka many tables, and a smaller dance floor) while Tao knows it is a night club (few tables, more space, more rooms). In the end XS does both badly while Tao works as a club. IMO XS is overrated as a club.- Tao Cover = $20 or possibly free even for guys (see my Tao review), XS = $30 even when you get there at 9:30pm.- No open bar, everyone pays for drinks. Tao has open bar for ladies early in the evening.- Too may tables. XS has too many tables and only a single dance floor while Tao has the main dance floor and other rooms/spots to chill and sit down. Sorry XS, not all of us have a grand to drop just to sit down and order your overpriced bottles of Grey Goose.- Pure hell when crowded: ask anyone who came here last weekend (the Saturday of the weekend before Christmas 2010). Tao can get crowded but it was still ok to get from pt. A to pt. B to the bathroom for emergencies =p- XS has a useless pool in the back. What a waste of space. Why have a pool that no one can use or relax next to in the open air? I can stare out of my window at home into my neighbor's pool if I wanted to see one used as a prop.I definitely still recommend you come here to see if it is your cup of tea and it'll definitely give you that Vegas club experience.
5	Never had a bad time @ XS. Love the outdoor areas and multiple bars during the warm months, love the open dance floor area, amazing table service with personal bartenders, 90%+ gorgeous crowd, and never had to deal with the hassle of getting in (thanks to my friend Viola).Definitely a go-to spot every single time I'm in Vegas! Love love love this place. Oh and there's some beautiful men that hold it down outside.EDIT -- just realized that XS was my 100th Yelp review. How fitting :)
2	Maybe I was in Vegas at the wrong time (Thanksgiving weekend), but the club was a mix of good, bad & awfull.Good:- On the face, it should be an awesome club. Next to a pool, nice interiors and exteriors.. generally well designed space. - Crowd on Thanksgiving weekend was better than Tao.. but nothing impressive. Not bad, but nothing impressive. My friends tell me that it's usually better...Bad:- Big chunk of the nice area around the pool was blocked off. (so.. what's the point if you can't sit down next to it)- Too many tables inside.. I know that table service is how you make you money.. but c'mon.. give some space for dancing.- Due to weather - outside was FREEZING cold. (no worries in the summer I guess)- Watered down drinks. They were on par with the free ones you get while gambling...Awfull- The bouncers were between rude and a-holes. I know they have to manage the crowd, but they should be able to differentiate between drunken a-holes that need to be pushed around (or thrown out) and respectable guests that don't appreciate being treated like cattle.The last club I was at before that was The Bank and the staff there was just amazingly nice. Maybe it's because we did the bottle service.. but the bouncers were super nice and professional.. way better than the beefcakes they had at XS.
5	Had a good time nothing really wrong, cool people and great venue. very big place.
2	The music was great but too many drunk Asians that wouldn't stop pushing everyone! The place is super nice but I don't know if I'd go back.
4	I had a super hectic experience here and wish I could have appreciated the splendor of the club a little more. I'll save the 5th star for when I'm sure to return and truly revel in its awesomeness. LINE: Really frackin' long and girls, girls, girls for miles but it does move fast. COVER: $20 for girls on most nights but my gal pals who got there right around 10 pm slipped in for free. Con? No one else in the club yet but probably worth saving 20 bucks. Guys are about $30 though, no matter what, sorry!! SERVICE: I have no idea, I didn't touch a single drink while I was there. Blasphemy right? The bouncers were pretty no-nonsense though and they didn't seem fazed by all the done-up ladies waiting in line. You really do need to have solid connections to skip everyone and breeze in. SCENE: Gorgeous. There are booths aplenty (but you best be coughing up bottle service) and the dance floor spills out right outside. There are even private little roped off areas right in between the glimmering pools and the dance floor. It's probably pretty fun if you have the areas to you and your crew but it's a bit annoying for everyone else to have to step around to get anywhere indoors and out. MUSIC: Better than your average club but nothing that blew my dancing shoes off. TIP: Don't wear a pink fuzzy birthday crown paired with a lacy white dress and expect people to realize it's your birthday. The crown might have said Birthday Girl but everyone thought I was getting married! I heard everything from 'Congratulations' to 'Don't do it!!' haha. That in itself was entertainment enough.
4	I've had a great time every time I've come to XS.  I've never had to wait in the line, which is the reason I'm sure some people would not rate the club highly.  But even if you do have to wait a bit, once you get inside it's great.  There are inside and outside areas, and you're bound to meet some great people.  Everyone is pretty cool and attractive and I've only felt a bit creeped out once (and that was because my friend was really drunk and some guy was "helping").  Overall, definitely one of the clubs I've recommended to people visiting Vegas.
3	I thought this club was gorgeous and had the potential to be lots of fun. Unfortunately me and the boy didn't feel like sticking around too long because it was so DAMN CROWDED and we couldnt dance on the dance floor without being bumped and pushed around. Too bad- what a cool place!
4	i've been here several times already, and i just can't seem to avoid this place every time i'm in vegas!sucks that even girls have to pay though :\ unless you can weasel your way to join a table reservation, which my friends did lol. girls are usually $20, guys range from $30-50 in my experience. in the three times i've gone, it seems like friday night are most optimal to get guys in (since bouncers WILL turn you away if the ratio of guy-to-girl isn't at least 1-2). saturday nights are almost impossible to get guys in, unless you go early, get your hand stamped, and enter through the re-entry line later in the night (which is what we did also! ...damn guys).nice area, pretty big dance floor with table seatings kind of encasing the dance floor, so you get lots of quiet guys drinking their beers and watching girls get down on the dance floor. on super busy nights, it is near impossible to maneuver; once you lose your girl friends, i suggest making friends with the groups close by, because it it'll be awhile before you guys are united.you better watch out on super busy nights too, because you can easily get groped all over. which i was a victim to :\1 bar inside, 2 bars outside (xs is indoor/outdoor). the outdoor area definitely gives more personal space, and there are couches in the pool where people can sit and catch their breaths.... or take self portraits :). there's this center gazebo thing where there's another bar, but the pool acts as sort of a moat, so it gets superrr packed and cramped in there. the bartenders COULD be a little bit nicer though :\ i mean, i understand that everyone's drunk and they probably get one too many belligerent drunks coming at them, but there are the select few of us that are sincerely trying to be friendly towards them. price for drinks are about the same as any other club, mayyybe a couple bucks more per shot.i would probably choose xs over surrender (they're both in the same hotel; encore). i've never actually been to surrender, but the cover's higher and my friend tells me it's just like xs, but more of a lounge than a club. i don't really like paying to get into a place to sit, and pay for more drinks :\ but maybe that's just me.
5	Always a good time when I come here.
4	Favorite club in Vegas so far! =)Lucky for us girls, we got in free! The venue was beautifully decorated and there was a good crowd. Sadly, it was raining that day so we couldn't dance outside, but I still had fun. Drinks are crazy expensive, so make sure you pregame. Can't really say much... but probably the best club in Vegas.A must visit!
3	Considered as one of the hottest and trendiest clubs in Vegas, it sure as hell has gone down the drain.  When I first came here in its first year run, I thought the vibes, decor, and overall crowd was fantastic. It represented everything I could dream of in a Las Vegas club. Big, glamorous, fun, and... Crackin' !! I've been here a few times over the year and my most current visit last weekend shattered my opinion, thus resulting me to write this review. I went with my girlfriends on a Friday night and arrived around 1130pm, walking in to a packed dance floor. That is of course expected.  Because it was so packed, we decided to mingle outside.  On our way there, I already saw a couple on the floor grinding up on eachother. Get a room please, you don't need to dry hump on the damn dance floor! After reaching outside, I saw a girl straddling a guy on the couch while making out with him.  To some, seeing these kind of sights upon arrival may foretell a crazy and happening place, but for me, I personally was a bit overwhelmed! I am all for love in the club, but somehow, I was further put off by this along with the jam packed dance floor. The last thing I must mention is the lack of diversity of the crowd.  I love my peoples, but I prefer diverse crowds when it comes to partying. The crowd that comes here is pretty much 95% a-z-n!  Call me a Grinch, but after 15 minutes, we left to Surrender, which ended up being a much better place!
4	XS is one of my favourite spots in Vegas, if not my favourite - which is saying a lot coming from someone who used to dread clubbing until XS came along.My friend and I dropped by XS recently this Monday, and it was surprisingly happening for a late December Monday. While not as packed as a Saturday long weekend in May - which frankly makes it impossible to stay together and is all kinds of fire hazards, I really appreciated the size of the crowd that night. The drinks were strong, and expensive which was expected. Cover was $20 for ladies, and $30 for men even on a Monday, but it seemed like maybe we should've tried to get on the guest list ahead of time. There was virtually no line when we arrived around 11pm which was probably unusual. When we visited in May the line was well over an hour so I'm loving these off season nights. Even though it was sprinkling outside a bit that night, I still really enjoy having access to fresh air and a change of scenery. And the company? Well, the men are as charming and classy as club going men can be. I definitely will be returning next time we're in Vegas!
4	Beautiful club in vegas!! but the music sucks...... we were so regret to leave Tryst for XS!!! we should have stayed @ Tryst .....
4	We were so lucky that we met such amazing people here! Initially we had 5 girls, 2 left and went back to Jet (not sure why... XS is way better) so primarily it was the 3 of us.Definitely on par with Tryst and Surrender, as far as aesthetics go. We came on a Monday night and unfortunately it was raining the entire time. This didn't stop us from going outside, but we stayed inside most of the time.Yeah it was crowded, but everyone danced so well and weren't sloppy and falling all over the place so it made for an awesome experience. We went to two different tables to relax/drink - one of the guys whose tables we went to let us sit to rest our feet indefinitely. After wearing heels two nights in a row on top of blisters, I'm sure you understand why this was so cherished by us. DJ just played Top 40 crap, but that's all I expect when I come out to clubs. I thought it was a BIT overrated, but super fun nonetheless. Maybe it's because it was raining so we had to stay inside. It's the best club to come to on a Sunday/Monday, for sure!
5	XS is one of the best clubs ive been too and I really like the atmosphere and the design of the club they must have put a ton of $$$ here.  There was not a long line when we got there but once inside it was really packed even though the place is massive. The drinks are not that high price compared to some of the upscale clubs in Vegas.The music they play varies from hip hop, rock or techno. My friend recommended tryst and we plan on trying that place out next time.
5	XS is one of the best clubs ive been too and I really like the atmosphere and the design of the club they must have put a ton of $$$ here.  There was not a long line when we got there but once inside it was really packed even though the place is massive. The drinks are not that high price compared to some of the upscale clubs in Vegas.The music they play varies from hip hop, rock or techno. My friend recommended tryst and we plan on trying that place out next time.
3	So I finally went to XS after like 2 years of saying I would go! I'm soo tardy for the party I know, I know!  I wanted to see what the hype was about since it's been dubbed the hottest, best club in life ever. I went on Christmas Day with my sister. There was a line that was relatively short for XS. We got in line and surprisingly right when we got in line the guy was already checking ID's to go in. Overall between going to the back of the line and stepping foot in the club it was about 10 mintues, not too bad, I was expecting longer. We each paid $20 (grrr) but I guess it's pretty standard for this club that even girls have to pay, which sucks. They lie and say they only have guest lists for Sunday and Monday even though in the past I was on a guest list on a Saturday but I didn't actually go to the club though, so I know that they do have guest lists through promoters.Anyhoo, the club is like Tryst x10. Very beautiful of course. The music was mostly house/dance type music that I wasn't too fond of even though there was a sprinkle of hip hop which made me happy. The club was packed even on Christmas Day, so it made me feel better that I was clubbin on what is basically a family holiday! But heck, my parents were in bed anyway!Not sure if I would go back, because in essence I just wanted to see what the hype was about. I prefer Tryst personally and would rather go there since it was free and I like the music (Top 40/hip hop mix) better there.
4	This is one of the "hottest" clubs (at least what everyone has told me) and it does seem like it every time I went. Club: There is a huge pool, tables indoors and outdoors, bar outside, and 2 bars inside. Dance floor in the middle. Gambling tables outside.Best night: Go Saturday night. A friend of mine went Sunday and said it was good but they give out free passes (gold) for Sunday and Monday nights (do not buy them). Getting in: Of course, easier with more girls. However, if you know someone, you can get the brown passes that get girls in for free. Guys always pay ($30-50 depending on night and time). Some people have also told me that girls even end up paying (they are that popular). Come early to get in.
1	XS may be one of the best nightclub in vegas! but it has the worst service ever. i hate XS with a passion. its too crowded! and the lines are LONG! even with table services u would still have to wait in that loooonnnnggg line! will never come back even if u gave me money
5	had a blast sunday night. table service was great. awesome music.
5	A thousand times better than Tao and Lavo combined. I went into XS at 11pm and left at 3am with nine polished nails and one naked nail, so you know I had fun. I love that the dance floor opens up to the pool area, which has plenty of seating. No need to get bottle service just because you want to rest your feet from a long night of dancing!Their restrooms have everything that you could possibly need, including cigs (2 dollars per), body spray, hair spray, etc. The bathroom attendants were on top of their game! Tip: be sure to contact promoters so you can get on the guestlist and get drinks comped. Drinks are so overpriced otherwise ($16). (Or pre-game!) The bar gets really crowded, but remember not to touch the bartenders; they don't like that (duh!).
4	The first thing to say about XS: the place is gorgeous. It is one of the largest nightclubs I have ever seen and the decor is amazing. The patio is what makes the place so great but it was freezing when I was there right after New Years so I didn't really get to experience it.I had gone right when the club opened (10pm) but the place filled up really fast! I was pretty surprised but then again, XS is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now.The dancefloor was empty for a bit but also filled up pretty fast and about half an hour after dancing a bit, some awesome high roller at a table started making it rain onto the dancefloor! Ok so it was only $1 bills but I made $36! He totally made my night. After the rain, everyone packed onto the dancefloor and the music got better so everything was awesome!The one thing about XS that I didn't like was that the bouncer that we talked to didn't know our promoter even though one of the other bouncers knew him. She wanted us to go to the back of the line and get a ticket and it was just so complicated. I was just annoyed because another bouncer had clearly recognized the name of our promoter but we had to pay extra to get in because this other woman didn't know him. Girls got in for free but guys had to pay the $30 cover. LAME. Make sure all the bouncers know your promoter!But it's no big deal because I made $36 anyway :)
3	Beautiful club, no doubt.I did go on a night where our industry trade show was in town, and my industry happens to be mainly composed of men.  So the guy girl ratio was probably OFF the charts for this club's normal operation, about 50 guys to 1 girl....... no joke!Besides the sausage-ness of my visit, it was still fun to hang out and grab a few drinks with friends, colleagues, and the occasional female model.  Even if the drinks are a bit watered and expensive....Would i return?Yes..... if it's not under the "you have to know someone to get in" stigma it operates under most of the time.
5	Most amazing club that I have ever been to! Who would not like the fact that you can win money and get drinks on the house while in a club??Ratio was great and the atmosphere was something that I will never find in the SF bay. For sure I will return!
5	OH XS, why must you be so amazing!?Right off the bat, the vibe is upbeat and people are lookin' good! You walk through the doors, up the stairs, and as soon as you you turn that corner, BAM! A vision like no other! It's breath taking and when I show my friends this club for the first time, I love the look on their faces when they see this view! You can either go straight to the dance floor or go either right or left to outside or a bar..  Poles are scattered along the club for dancing and to top it off they have two platforms with poles. I am not going to say that I am in favor of those poles, but only in favor to see some females display the level of intoxication!! Hey, it's Vegas, what do you expect!?Feel like gambling!? Don't worry, XS has it covered! Walk along the patio seating and along the pool where you will find another bar and a "Party Pit' if you will.... One craps table and a couple blackjack tables as well! Of course, while actively gaming, your drinks are on the house!!I celebrated my birthday here last year and got the best service! Huge table and they even brought me a birthday cake! What girl doesn't like firework-like candles on her birthday cake!? My girlfriends and I danced the night away and what was great was that there was security always watching us. In Vegas, there are always groups of girls that go to clubs and it was nice to have a big buff guy there to keep an eye out!Music is loud and everywhere you look, people are having a great time! Staff is easy on the eyes and move as quickly as they can! The staff keeps this place clean as it is the most beautiful club in Vegas. I expect nothing less from a club located in a 5 star 5 diamond resort.Debating on going? Don't! You will have a blast! I believe the doors open at 10. If I were you, get on a guest list. The line gets pretty long!
5	If I could pick one club that I could go to in Vegas for the rest of my life, it would be XS.  I'd live there if I could.  Although I wish they'd play better music.  I know it's gotten better, but give me some more Top 40 stuff.  But I guess it's easier to lose your head to that crazy house music.  If you go during the summer, there's a high chance your friends will lose you in the place if you're intoxicated and you're running around.
5	this place is awesome.. for starters it is located in one of the best hotels in Vegas and i love the outside/inside thing they have going on.. Being from California i am not used to smoking inside.. i am not a big smoker but i enjoy one here and there when im drunk and in vegas so i loved the fact they had an outside seating area where you can smoke and still hear the music.. the dance floor is kinda small but i like to think of it as cozy.. if you get a table they are located around the dance floor.. i noticed a lot of guys had tables right next to the dance floor and just sat there watching chicks dance.. i kinda felt like a stripper for a hot second then i moved to the center on the dance floor and felt better! haha but whatever its vegas! check this place out.. get drunk.. dance your ass off.. and then end your night with someone you'll you never see again! hahaha im just kidding.. or am i?!
5	LOVE XS!!!The scenery, the people, the energy, everything.If you don't know anyone at the door, or have a table, you better be ready to wait a while in line, but its def worth it.XS is the best club in Vegas right now.
4	This club is fabulous! from the ground you step on, to the ceiling you stretch your neck out to see. Geez... I love this club! It is very large, and yes it can get packed, but I love the fact that it opens out to the outside patio where a pool awaits you to dip your feet in. Mmm... so alluring... the bathroom lines are quick and gorgeous might I add. The bar tenders are okay, but that is everywhere. They play good music... top 40's and all type of mixes. This is one of my favorite clubs to go to.
5	A gorgeous club and always packed! Not gonna lie I get guestlist requests for this place all the time! Big ups to my boy Ryan Perrings for taking care of me there all the time!
5	I love this club. Absolutely beautiful. Fun times always had. Music is mostly house but they sneak in a few songs to dance to. The club is indoors and outdoors. People were outside in 30 degree weather. Good times had whether one is freezing or not! The club was stupid packed but it was new years weekend. I wouldn't expect anything less.
4	Okay, we can all agree that this club is beau-ti-ful. Flashy, gaudy, and lives up to the Viva Las Vegas standard. Its great there is a inside and outside, easy for people to move back and forth when it gets too hot. Crowd-wise: I think this club attracts more beautiful people, which is definitely a plus for those looking for a good time? Not a fan of the music. They are good mixes but sometimes there are awkward moments where you dont really know what to do with yourself, like an extremely long build up to the good part of the song. You can only aimlessly fist pump for so long (jk, i dont fist pump, but you get the idea). Its definitely a club hot spot, ive gone back a couple times and I plan on continuing to go there. Oh, no guestlist but hotel guest at the Wynn gets priority. And that turned out to be AMAZING, because the line is long and endless.
3	certain bouncers are shady with ID checking. they tried to claim 2 of my female friend's drivers license were fake because the backgrounds of their photo were too dark. Uhhh, take that up with the CA DMV yo. Really? What are you going to do when people start rolling up to your club with the new CA ID/license format? You going to reject everybody!? Funny how one bouncer claims it's fake, but the other says it's okay. Why don't you people use a damn scanner!?
4	Sooooooooooooo... my impressions for this place has changed. Whenever I come back here, its always way too crowded and also way too asian. I used to think TAO and Pure were the primary asian clubs, but XS has joined the ranks. They also close off the outdoor areas alot; I don't know if that's because I went to vegas often during the end of last year, but the weather wasn't THAT bad to close off half the club. That was probably the main reason why it was super crowded.Still a beautiful venue though, I'd still recommend it to anyone that hasn't ever been here just so you can say "you've been to XS".
5	Amazing would be an understatement if one were to describe this club. Once you walk into the complex, you can't help but be mesmerized by the lavish and glamourous interior design that was done to this place. As with any other vegas nightclubs, men had to wait in a line while our lady friends got in right away and for free. We were fortunate enough to have arrived early and only waited for 10 minutes. The service I received here was top notch. I ordered my usual drink at the bar, A Beautiful, and got it quick. Ordered 5 Beautifuls throughout the night and was having a blast. I go to the bathroom and was treated like a king. They turned on the water and put soap on my hands. They offer gum, tic tacs, toothbrush and toothpaste so you look and smell good for all the lovely ladies out in the dance floor. I couldn't help but tip them well for the excellent service!The crowd from when we went was amazing. Everyone was dancing and not just grinding up on each other. The DJ played a good variety of songs from the hottest hip hop and house music. Marquee at The Cosmopolitan has taken the title of the hottest club in Vegas from Xs but Xs is still a must go for all the club heads out there.
4	GORGEOUS!!!This place is visually amazing and is a must do, if only once!!!  There is gold dripping from every inch and the servers and dancers are beautiful.I am not a big fan of clubs and am only a fan of XS in the off months.  This place is ginormous and during the summer months is so jammed pack full of people that I get uncomfortable.  However, during the winter months you can easily move around and get drinks, etc.  There are stripper poles by the table service and off to the sides.  We tend to hang out near these as it is always a blast to watch the drunken amateurs attempt their acrobatic feats!!!  The outside area is another favorite of ours as you can move more freely, but getting out there is an adventure as you have to squeeze your body through the dance floor.  However, once out there you have more options for bar, bathrooms, and even gambling.  The outside area is pool centric and towards the end of the evening people always end up dancing in the pool.While XS is not a favorite Vegas club of mine, I do highly suggest EVERYONE check it out at least once!!!  (We even drug my Aunt and Uncle here who are in their 50's just to see it!!!)
5	The best club in Vegas.Smart layout, best looking and mannered people by far.
5	Favorite club of all time.
5	pretty much as good as it gets, inside and outside period.  the preparty was at tryst then rolled to xs and just like the name says everything is xs, on top of that we passed up the line and got in without missn a beat....nice to have connections
5	Arguably the best club in the United States, need I say more?
4	This place is great on a regular weekend, but spring break weekends and other types of holidays, XS would be the last place for me to go. I'm just going to be fair as it is and give this place 4 stars because, it's actually quite fun if you're not sharing sweat with strangers in the bar or just walking to your table. Cool environment and you just gotta love the outdoor swimming pools.
4	4.5 Stars.The nicest club I've ever been to.  Pretty big dance floor, gogo dancers, lot of tables for bottle service and multiple bars. I always had a good time.On a standard weekend, the line is extremely long, so it'll take you forever to get in and sometimes the cover can go as high as $50. Even though XS is big and it extends into the pool area, it gets pretty crowded and it becomes difficult to navigate.Suggestions:XS is so much better on weekdays because it's not as crowded, but there are still a good amount of people. It also doesn't take as long to order drinks on weekdays.  On weekends, If you don't have a table, go early, get the stamp and return later.
5	Food: n/aService: 4/5Cleanliness: 5/5Decor & Style: 5/5Well it is probably the nicest club I've ever been in my life. Obviously you're gonna need $$$$ and some more $$, and a little bit of $. But its Extremely fancy and its on the Strip, what else do you expect. Definitely worth checking out once. And if you have $$, come back some more!
4	XS you are so boss for making it rain (every night?) on schedule! We left the club with our cab money =)Gorgeous pool exterior as everyone knows. The place is huge, plenty of dancefloor space. Booth service is more fun outside by the pool. Haven't been here during the summer yet...can't wait for their pool events!
4	I really like XS.  Of all the clubs in Vegas, I have to say that XS is one of the best.  It is pretty hard to get into XS on Friday and Saturday nights unless you know someone and have connections.  XS only had guest lists on Sunday and Monday nights.  I went on a Saturday night and it was packed! It was sooo crowded. The inside is very well set up.  I wish the dance floor was a bit bigger.  The drink are pricy.  I had a Midori sour, which was really good, was $12.  Shots were around $7.  I image clubbing in the summer will be off the hook.  Not that many people were outside because it was cold, but once summer weather hits, more people will be outside enjoying the warmth and the beautiful pool.  The service is great, the club is very clean, and the decor is pretty.  I would definitely come back to XS the next time I am in vegas.
5	Gonna say this now, XS is THE Best Club I've experienced. Theres so many reasons to like it, whether it be the young sexy crowd, the dj, the dancefloor, the music everywhere, the vip/bottle service, free cabanas by the pool....i cant even find a single con for this club. The energy is all here, come to XS, no questions asked.
4	wow, xs is breathtaking when you first walk in! the atmosphere is awesome and its totally worth it to come here at least once!  a word of advice, its worth it to come early and get in line, even if you wait forever! you'll pay less and at least get in for sure!  plus they have reentry so super convenient if you are staying close by!
4	This place was seriously the business. I barely danced at all and it didn't even matter. I mostly sat outside on one of those lounge bed thingies in the pool and just effing loved life. Honestly it was just sooooo chill. However, there was this cute Australian guy out there and we danced a little with our feet in the water. One highlight: him saying "I don't dance... I boogie." Lololol love it. Like so many Vegas clubs, it seems, the dance floor was a mess. I liked the idea/setup of it, but you could hardly groove for 3 seconds before someone bumped into you, shoved past you, or knocked you off-balance. Which is a little awkward and unfortunate when you're trying to dance with a guy. It's really not conducive to any kind of sexy times at all.But the worst part (for me) was leaving the dance floor to go out back for the first time because there was literally a row of men leaning against this railing like they were just WAITING to be creepy. I immediately diverted my eyes, but of course, what would Vegas be without various audacious men who try to grab you as you walk by?Also, lots of Asians if you're into that.
4	I've enjoyed XS each time I've been.PROS: - gambling IN the club! This is great for when you get there early to beat the lines.- lots of outdoor seating- HOT TUBS to soak your feet after dancing too long in 4+" heels- beautiful venueCONS:- $$ cover. $20 for girls, $30 guys, even on a SUNDAY.- music needs more variety! It sounded like the DJ got bored and had a playlist on repeat. I guess when you're buzzing you don't notice much...- CROWDED. Shorties get stepped on :(- $$$ drinks (~$20 for "normal" drinks... $105 for 3 Macallan 18s... but that's a separate story ;] )
5	I felt like I was in LA when I came here.I really enjoyed this place and thought it was amazing.One thing that sucks is the 1 hour wait in line to get in and the $50 entree fee.But when you're in, you'll have a blast
5	Amazing club! Would go back again in a heart beat!*very spacious, not jam packed like other Vegas clubs*nice cabanas and heat lamps for when it gets cold at nite*pools for summer time pool parties*poker table for those not big into dancing *great music selection*decent price for drinks not too expensive but not cheap *sexy ass crowd*plenty of VIP sections *hot crew working thereUll def b pleased with everything this club has to offer!Can't wait to go back!!
4	XS is very prestigesits always great to have a connections in Vegas especially when it comes to clubs..Shouts to BJ Hollero for the hook up and VIP treatmentXS is a massive club with beautiful women everywhere music bumping and full of GoGo dancers as all clubs do but this is top notchthe club opens up into an outdoor pool and loungewhenever im in sin city XS is always on top if the list
5	Still the best nightclub in Vegas.. what else can I say..
5	This club is definitely the BEST club I have ever been to in my life.  As soon as you walk in and see the pool surrounding the island bar and craps tables, you know that you are definitely doing it big in Vegas.  The place was awesome, very spacious, and crackin music.  The people were really nice, and there are a ton of places to sit even though you don't have table service.  Free cabanas, excellent vibe, and overall awesome experience.  This club made my trip to Vegas all worth it!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
3	Overall nice club, but music kinda sucked that night. I don't like trance, even if it's mixed in with the hip hop. Heard it's better in the summer because you can dance in the pools and chill on the lounge-y beds. I went in December. =(
3	Ok, I'm sorry, my friends like this place but I really think this place is really hyped up. You have to get here early just to wait in a ridiculously long line. The venue itself though is amazing, I'll admit that. The indoor and outdoor sections are gorgeous and spacious. Later in the night, the dance floor gets packed, and I mean PACKED as in, I can't tell if I'm on a dance floor or stuck in a mosh pit.The bouncers here are strict, I've had a friend that was kicked out after being in the club for 5 minutes (after waiting in a long ass line and paying $30). I've also had another friend here that was escorted out in a wheel chair.My main complaints are the dance floor and the music. Like I said again, the floor is so packed, it's so easily to get pick pocketed (it's happened) and the music gets kind of repetitive with techno-like beats. After a while you can't even really hear the music anymore, just the bass.
4	Nice club, easy to get in on Friday night at 1AM haha.Mixed drinks are ~$13, and the people here are younger than other clubs for sure.Lots of tables, and it opens up to a really nice pool lounge area.
4	Prior to this weekend here in Vegas, or specifically XS, I really hated clubs. Okay, maybe not hated but if it was my birthday, it definitely wouldn't have been something I wanted to, drunk or sober, because I never really liked dancing. With the right amount of booze, that reluctance for the most part, levitates away with ease at XS, with the atmosphere, the music, and the personable ease at which we walked into the club. I felt comfortable and only paid $20 to get into the club, versus Haze, the other club that we went to in Vegas, which was $40. The crowd was pretty racially diverse as a different user pointed out, and for the fellas (or ladies) that are single and curious, the eye-candy is much better here than at Haze. The music for the most part, focuses on trance and house, with a little bit techno, remixing some popular songs from American top 40, as well as British top 40. I heard a few classic electronica songs as well, like Iio's Rapture, and Paul Oakenfold's Starry Eyed Surprise, so make sure that's your cup of tea before you enter the club. I don't know how hard it is to get into the club but I went with 9 girls, so there was not a problem. It seems some of the more negative reviews are just complaining about the music or a bad personal experience that was specific to that day.I would write more about this place (and really want to) but honestly, I was just pretty damn drunk, having an amazing time, and thoroughly enjoying everything. Maybe that skews the review a little, but compared to experiences at Haze and Tao, this place deserves its five-star rating. I'll be heading back to Vegas for my birthday with my friends and this spot will definitely be one of the clubs that we'll be returning to. Definitely the classiest club that I've ever been to.
5	Always a good time here! Still the #1 club in Vegas by far!I've been going to xs since a few years back when it first opened and still can't find a better club that looks nicer then this! Ambiance is gorgeous with all the gold decor, the pool also brings a nice touch to it since you can lounge by the pool beds. Always filled with beautiful people that are down to have a good drunk time! :)Only downside is.. It takes forever to get to the front of the bar to order a drink! Probably Bc it's always poppin and Everyones trying to buy the hot girl next to them a drink ;)
3	I've been to XS more than any other clubs and I thought it was ok. I like the fact that the dance floor is huge but the music was ok for me and I'm not as impressed...the line was long though and I had to wait almost 3 hours to get in...AND we had to pay $20.
1	I don't give a shit how nice your decor is inside the club. No nightclub is worth the absolute horrendous treatment of its guests by such asshole bouncers. Believe me when I say that Encore and Wynn employ the worst bouncers and nightclub employees in all of Las Vegas. It's almost like it's required to be a dick for no reason to work here. I've had similar experiences at Tryst at the Wynn but def not as bad as XS at Encore.Stand in line at XS and just listen to everyone talk about how the employees/bouncers who work the lines are rude, angry and they'll even put their hands on you. Last time I was here I got escorted out by security because I simply couldn't take their attitudes anymore, and observing how they treat people, I snapped.
5	I LOVE XS. I've only been to a handful of clubs in Las Vegas, only because every time I go to Vegas I just HAVE to go to XS. This venue is, in my opinion, the largest and nicest you can get.  There's plenty of room unless it's winter time and they close off the outdoor area. There's black jack tables and plenty of cabanas and tables. All I remember is I always have a good time here.
5	THE EPITOME OF A VEGAS CLUB! Beautiful spacious gold infused setting with indoor and outdoor areas. Good music though heavy on the house nowadays. Hot go-go dancers. Strip poles if you wanna give it a try yourself or pick up some dollar bills. Poolside beds so that you can dip your feet in the water or take a nap. Hah hah. Just don't let security see you or you'll get kicked out. Everyone and their mamas is here (Trust... I've been here WITH my Mom. I wish I was kidding.) So go with a bunch of your girlfriends and 99% of the time some promoter will spot you and let you through. Love the in and out privileges that all Vegas clubs have so that you can wander around in the casino and check out other places in Encore such as Blush.. but ultimately end up back at XS. Good times every time we come here! I'll conveniently forget about the times I got kicked out on my birthday or ran away from security after spitting patron on him or accidentally pushing a host (whoops) or having to dance in close proximity to my parents...buzz kill!
4	The doormen were quite friendly! At the time I only had my passport which expired in 2009 and they still let me in with no problems. Coat check was only $5 so I was very happy about that seeing as how I would be spending a lot more money on drinks. This venue is very spacious and has a dark chic feel to it with it's velvety interior and dimmed lights. There was a pool lounging area outside but since it's winter, they had that blocked off but you can still see how big the place is with the glass walls. I bought one French Connection (cognac/amaretto) and I was gone! It was well worth the $20 I spent on it because that bartender had a heavy hand. I went on a Sunday night and it was pretty much all hip hop music which I very much enjoyed. Although, the crowd was probably like late 20's, early 30's.I remember trying to leave the club wasted and one of the security guards inside by the doors suggested I should sit down til I sober up a little bit. I thought that was extremely nice of him to do since he had no responsibility over me, it's Vegas! You can do pretty much whatever, and he helped me out.
5	OMG this place is the land of milk and honey!Ample poles to hang upside down from! Vibrant, electric crowd and tons of space to spread out instead of clawing for air like the night life in SF. The heated pool is not only luminous but gives a touch of romance to this place. Ladies, every guy here is either with their girlfriend or has hit on 40,000 girls prior to speaking with you :] lolthe only nuisance, as with every other place I guess is I swear the breed of men in these establishments are so persistent and will hover at your bottle service area for about an hour til they finally fully understand the definition of "NO, THANK YOU"
4	One of my favorite night clubs anywhere. I prefer Sundays or Mondays versus Friday or Saturday, slightly more sophisticated crowd. The music and atmosphere are allways great.
4	Been here a few times & every time was a gooood time.I like being outside more than I do inside, but that's just me.  Being by the pool is nice & there are heat lamps outside, so you're not cold.  Plus, there's just a bunch of people everywhere that its hard to not be.Inside is just as fun...  a bit more crowded though.  I've always ran into a friend when there - which is crazy for being how large it is.Great vibe & energy from the crowd.
4	We came here for my cousin's bachelor party.It was everything you'd expect to from a Vegas Nightclub on strip. Loud and fun music, girls in skimpy outfits.  GoGo girlies, Mini stages for drunk and trashy girls to go dance on.Not really sure what else to say... We had fun... We spent a lot of money, at 4am, I drunkenly decided that I wanted brunch from a place that wasn't open and got thrown out by hotel security... But we had fun...
5	The BEST club I have ever been to and it lives up to its name as absolutely excessive. As soon as you walk in you are surrounded by an amazing ambiance. The walls are covered in gold and bodies are coming out of them. Once you get through the hall you enter the open part of the club with an amazing view of the seating area, the dance floor, the pool, and patio. There are dancers up on elevated platforms surrounding the main dance floor. The music was brilliant and everyone had an amazing time!
4	I usually always have fun in Vegas. Places like this make it that much better. It's very crowded all the times I've been there, maybe even a little too crowded. It's hard to even dance on the dance floor. The ambiance is very nice especially on a warm summer night. We always dip our feet in the pool from standing in heels all night. I think my friend actually got kicked out from dipping her whole body one of the times she came. Probably not a good idea.
4	VERY nice place...expensive drinks and expensive for guys who are not locals.... Some bartenders make the drink too strong here.  Maybe i shouldn't have tipped so much cuz i think that if i tip them big, then they'll make my drink stronger...you know, more for my money type of deal?
5	best club in vegas BY far.get your name on the promotions list - get in for free, get some drink tickets...dance your ass off and keep your eyes open for celebs.got to see deadmau5 here for the XS 2 yr anniversary party...amazingggg. beautiful venue, beautiful / friendly staff. this club is the EPITOME of vegas. if you're in vegas, you can NOT miss XS.
3	Club looks great but takes a while to get in. Door guys dont have much customer service but they were busy. The girls had a great time
5	I love this place. It reminds me of a dream prom haha. It didnt take long to get in and it was free for us. I just love being a girl and being accompanied with beautiful girls. The music was great and the crowd was cool. Love love love it here. I'll see you soon XS.
5	From a guy who prefers pubs to clubs, I still always have an excellent time at XS when I visit.You won't leave with a full wallet, but this is the type of place to splurge.  If you like excellent drinks, excellent service and beautiful people... go have fun at the best club in Vegas.  Just bring your credit card.
5	Oh, XS, I love you. I love you I love you I love you! I never want to go to another club after you! Best nightclub I have ever been to. We went on a Sunday night so the lines weren't a problem since we got there early and WHOOHOO the guys got in for free, too! You have got to love and listen to your promoter.It's beautiful, glamarous, awesome music, with strong drinks. In the beginning of the night, the Tokyo Tea was $8. An hour later, it was $16. So fill up in the beginning of the night and party for the rest drunk! The open area is perfect because the place never gets stuffy even though the place will get packed.XS, thank you for making up for my terrible night at Marquee. I will come back for you. Oh you better know it.
5	i effffen love this place!!!nowhere else can ever compare to this place!everything is lovely!
1	This club is completely skeezy and sketchy and the bouncers are violent thieves. My wife's company bought bottle service for two tables and spent $22k that evening for 20 people.  At the end of the evening, in our seating area, a bouncer walked through and shoved me to the ground to get out of his way.  When I got back up, the bouncer grabbed me and threw me out.  In the process, my Hugo Boss sports jacket was "lost"  (and most likely stolen by the bouncer).  I never said a word to the bouncer, never touched him or even gave him a bad look. If this is how they treat people spending $1k/person, how will they treat you?
4	Music could be better(i prefer more hip hop, top 40s), but the ambiance and hot go go dancers make up for it.  A must do it is bottle service, but thats any where in vegas...
4	Wow, XS was nice.  Having flown across the country to get to Vegas, I was happy that my friends wanted to stay in the Wynn (where we were staying) and go to XS. Great place. Half lounge, half club and there's music, so you can dance if you want. Totally not crowded on a Friday night at all either. What was really cool was going outside to their outdoor pool, with heated lamps outside...oh it was gorgeous.No matter if you want to dance or just hang out with friends, XS is a cool place to be. The music was okay, but still a solid crowd of people as well (although it did seem there were a lot of college age people out? I got hit on by a 21 year old). Nonetheless, worth the stop!
5	in case it wasn't obvious by now, you have to spend money in vegas to have a good timeand this place is no exceptioncome ready to do the d a n c e, one two three four fight
4	What can I say, do you really need a Yelp review to read how sick this place is? Just -1 star, because I expect phenomenal service when I'm throwing down for bottle service/ tables! And the employees there get a bit sketchy about this...
5	I'm a huge fan of XS. It's pretty and there are tons of stripper poles! Super fun and I got to show off the moves I've learned from pole fitness class. My friends and I got in for free. Love the decor and it was a good dance floor with great music. The drinks are weak. I love that there are plenty of seating inside and outside. I love how girls are able to get into the pool.  And I love just people watching by the pool and gambling outside.
5	My first time in Vegas and the first nightclub I go to is here and I was amazed. I have been to several clubs before, but after going here I almost didn't want to even try any other club in all of Vegas because this place is just that amazing. There was quite a long line considering that it was a Saturday, but the line moved pretty fast. This place is literally huge and I guess good advice is to try and not get lost from those you came with.
5	Why would you ask me to stop when shes the one dancing on top of me?Thats what I told one of the bouncer that XS is not a stripe club.This is my 2nd review.  $40 to get in with no line around 10.  Went there 2nights ago, closed the swimming pool part but I still had a great time.
5	Okay XS was seriously the best club that I've ever been to. EVER. I don't know if it's the location or the people or both, but the environment was definitely bomb!I went with my friends on the Saturday during President's Day weekend. The line was probably like a mile long i swear, but I think because we had a group of 13 decent looking girls, they just let us cut everyone lol. I didn't realize how long the line was until we passed by all these angry faces. So to avoid waiting in line, just bring a big group of girls, with several decent looking ones, and waiting in line shouldn't be a problem. The club was very decent size, pretty big actually. I would say this club is more for the young crowd.. all in the 20's and early 30's.. and they are primarily asian. There is an outdoor pool area with a bar, and plenty of areas to sit and just chill. You don't have to worry about the cold, there are heated lamps everywhere lol. Drinks are pretty expensive there, so I would recommend either pre-gaming a little before heading there rather than making all your drink purchases there.. unless you're planning on having the men buy you drinks there.. which I am sure they would. Seriously I have never been to a club with more generous guys haha. Overall the music was great, location was GORGOUS, area was pretty spacious, and the men are very generous haha Go on a Saturday night if you want to go to XS. Any other night, I don't think they'll open up the pool area, and that totally defeats the purpose of going there.
2	My love affair with XS has officially ended.Reason #503: DJ playing four Katy Perry songs back to back which can NEVER be justified in my book. Reason #504: I'm sorry to say this, but waaaaay too many Asians. I was the only Asian in my group of six so when we were approached with the pick up line "Non-Asians, what's up?" you can imagine how awkward it was when they found out I was only a fake non-Asian =( Reason #505: Rude and unreasonable bouncers and security. Reason #506: Long lines that take forever and horrible crowd management. andddddddddd I can go on and on...
1	I must have missed something that the other 1157 reviews didn't. I personally don't enjoy waiting 30 minutes in a line for a drink, having nowhere to sit, stand, or even dance. The dance floor was so packed people couldn't barley move. I guess that's a good sign for the club owners, their business is a success. I just was disappointed; I had higher hopes for this place.The music was good, and the outside area is awesome filled with tables you could rent out for the night. I guess I should have done that and I'm sure this review would be a five star. Why is that? You have a server bringing you drinks, a place to dance, sit or even stand if you want. =)
4	This is one of the larger clubs. They have a great outdoor area. There are plenty of seats outside without having to ge bottle service. Yeah, the wait is kind of long but its worth it once you get in. Ladies can kick off their heels and dance in the pool. They also have blackjack tables at the ouside bar located at the end of the pool.
4	Beyond words. Beautiful club. I'd give it five stars but the music sucked. You don't dance here... you kinda just.... jump...tip - If you're on a budget, stay home.
5	Even with all the different clubs constantly opening in Vegas, XS is still one of my faves...Love the decor, open space, nice outdoor area, inviting pool, and good music! Always enjoy my time there =)Thanks to my Vegas local cousins, never really have an issue with waiting in line or paying cover so that's an even bigger ++++!PS- if you take your car, park in Encore's garage.. it's closer to the entrance
4	Like everything else at the Wynn/Encore this place is remarkable. Since we were staying at the hotel we didn't have to wait on the line. Thank God bc by 11pm it's a mile long.Drinks are super expensive- but then again, name a place that's worth going to in Vegas where they're not. But they're worth it bc they're oober strong. Decor is top notch. Great crowd for the most part.My only problems were:1. The bouncer didn't believe my license was really mine bc I'm a few pounds heavier in it. Calm down there buddy... it's called a bad breakup AKA: Ben & Jerry's.2.  A poor little frat boy got kicked out despite paying for bottle service because he fell asleep on the couch.3.  I saw too many girls that shouldn't be dancing on poles.. dancing on poles.  ::shudders:: Ewwww.
5	my favorite place to dance in vegas! they have plenty of platforms for girls to dance on and some poles, too. there is also this pole with a circular stage around it, which is a blast for a group of girls to dance on! however, there are plenty of creepers who surround it. fortunately a bouncer quickly dismisses anyone who gets too creepy or tries to come up there. the bouncers are quick to react--some jerk threw my girl's purse and that guy got bounced out of there asap!my friend and i (two hot girls) got on some promoter's VIP list so there was zero wait for us when we arrived just before 1am. i don't remember there being much of a line at that time, either. we got three free drink tickets each. we ordered three lemon drops and after downing all three, found that they were extremely weak shots because both of us are lightweights! later when some guy bought us shots, i found out it was $48 for the three shots. so fellas, be warned! loli loved the music they played here and the vibe in the club. we actually danced until closing at 4. such a blast! the people were all friendly, i found.the bathroom was my fav in vegas. a ton of mirrors and lots of bodysprays etc. i don't remember actually using the bathroom, just primping in front of the mirrors.absolutely love it here and can't wait to come back!
5	Gorgeous! The dance floor gets super crowded but just make your way outside and explore the beautiful pool and garden area. My gf and I randomly decided to come here at 11ish on a Friday night so you can imagine how long the line was. Luckily we were able to walk straight in and despite having to pay a $20 cover. But at least we didn't have to wait in line. It's always a hit or miss on how flirty you can be with the bouncer and how nice they'll be to you. I guess we got lucky. I definitely want to come back.
5	I love this club!  Still haven't had the chance to go to Marquee to compare though.  This time when I went, there was not much asians there.  Most of them now go to Marquee because of the trance music there.  The night I went, they had the other side of XS opened by the pool area.  It was beautiful!  It looked very similar to Surrender, too.  The place, however, was filled with tons of guys.  Not a good thing (for my guy friends lol).
4	Overall, beyond words, beautiful club, hot female staff, best club in Vegas, must see--Guys, get in line at or before 9:30 and you should get in w/o any issues (line moves fast)--$30 not all that bad of a cover for males--Bartenders work fast (didnt have to wait too long...when we were there on Sat) --Dance floor is way small for the size of the crowd--DJ likes to repeat    -one star--Nice outside pool area (nice to get fresh air and get off the dance floor)--Bouncers we cool and very quick to react to any issues--Crowd is 80%  20somethings
5	I went here with 3 other women and had a great time! Granted, we rented a table, and at a cost of $500 on a Friday night. Well, you're required to purchase $500 of alcohol, but that's easy to do when a bottle of wine is $450. (Current cost is $500 for less than 6 people; 6 people or more is $1,000.)If you're looking for great service, then renting a table is the way to go. We were seated out by the pool area, which was the best location since we were out of the way of the masses of people on the dance floor but could still participate when we wanted. We never had to get up for drinks as they were brought to us by our server, someone else cleared our empty glasses, and the bouncers/security were always within arm's reach asking us if we were comfortable or needed anything. I did not find the bouncers to be rude at all; in fact, we felt very secure having them there.I also agree that you should get in line early; they started letting people in at 10 pm. If you have the money to spare, renting a table makes for the ultimate experience.
5	It doesn't get any better than this, so girls put on your sexiest dress, stilettos, get your hair did, and all that...and boys you better snag a bunch of girls to get you in, on top of looking good (shoes, button down shirts, designer jeans) and bringing a whole lot of money to drop on drinks and girls! LOL. Arrive early cuz the line is always, ALWAYS LONG and the party inside is always, ALWAYS crackin!! XS does not disappoint, it's full of gorgeous and/or rich people (if you dont agree, you are not drunk enough, put your beer goggles back on!), and the decor/space is HUGE, absolutely love LOVE the outside pool area, too bad it's not really a pool party, but it's a nice backdrop. Music is AWESOME, but of course the dance floor is CROWDED (what did you expect). Cover is $20 min, but if you're late I think it can cost $50...if you're on the list or know someone, you can possibly skip the line, but VIP line is pretty long too. Reminder that being with MAJORITY or ALL GIRLS is your best bet...sorry fellas, sucks to be you. But if the boys have money, they better get a table.FYI - I have been to almost all the clubs on the strip and this is by far the BEST nightclub, go on Saturday for the best experience. Friday is also good, and Monday is industry night for locals.
5	If you are a hotel guest at Encore you can purchase line passes ($20 for girls and $30 for guys) and cut the GA line before 11pm. There's re-entry so get your stamp and party in your room until you're ready to dance your ass off! This is way better than waiting in the GA line.!!!!
5	Very glamorous! A $100M well spent by Steve Wynn! It's no wonder it's the hottest club in Vegas.I've been twice: the first time on Saturday during Memorial weekend and the second time on a Monday during spring break. Both were great experiences.On Memorial day weekend, OF COURSE it was crraaaazy! My two girlfriends and I got there late, and the line was endless. They were barely letting people in! Luckily we spotted some guys we knew at the front of the line. I think one of them tipped the bouncer A LOT to let us cut. And unfortunately we still had to pay the $20 cover for girls...which I suppose we couldn't avoid for such a weekend.Mondays are Industry nights, so the crowd is a bit different (it was a mix of young and old). Bf and I were placed on the guest list, which I believed to be free cover and no wait. We did get in for free, and 3 free drink passes (drinks up to $20 each), but we had to wait in the regular line. Lucky for us we got there around 10:30pm and the wait was only about half an hour or so. I noticed that couples who were on the guest list had to wait, while groups of all girls, guest list or not, got to walk right past us.What I LOVE about XS is that it's half indoor nightclub and half outdoor pool. Hence you get plenty of fresh air (hard to come by in a crowded club!). Sadly there's only one dance floor and it's not that big, but luckily it's inside right in front of the pool. The first time I was there the pool area was open. We took our heels off and danced barefoot in the water. SO REFRESHING, especially after a long night in super high heels. It was my favorite part of the night. EVERY club should have this! I wish they didn't seal off the pool Monday nights. The bathrooms are large and gorgeous. There are 2 big bars with fast bartenders. Plenty of tables around with stripper poles. And the hired dancers are hot and actually dance (not half-assing it like the dancers at TAO)! Can't complain about the music either!
4	Atmosphere: One of the prettiest nightclubs I've ever been too. Crowd is diverse, which was nice. Lots of tables, and a BEAUTIFUL PATIO that you can walk around. So much space, but then again, you can't really sit in too many areas unless you paid for it. I don't know...the place is pretty.Service: Got there early, so we didn't have to wait too long. Our guest list sign ups got mixed up though, so the guys still had to pay the $30 cover fee (girls got in for free). I don't know...the place is pretty.Music: Decent dancing music. Transitions between songs were done pretty well. I don't know...the place is pretty.Drinks: Didn't buy any, sorry! I'm sure they're expensive though? I don't know...the place is pretty.Fun thing: Happen to be there on a night when some guy made it rain. IT WAS AWESOME. My guy friends ended up reimbursing themselves for the cover charge. I don't know...the place is pretty.Overall: Above average nightclub. I don't know...the place is pretty.Did I mention how pretty the place was?
4	If I was reviewing this club 2 years ago, I would probably be giving it a full 5 stars and my whole hearted recommendation. Things have changed only slightly over the years, but XS still remains one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.This was the hot spot to be at a couple years ago. Usually with that though, clubs would be incredibly tough to get into. This was not the case for XS; as long as you got in line early, or just waited. The nicest thing about XS is that even if you were to go early, you could just get stamped, leave, and come back without hassle when its poppin off. This is especially good if you're staying at the hotel, since you can go back up to your room and get sloshed on the cheap. Another thing I've heard you can do is buy a pre-sale entry if you're staying at the hotel so that you can just walk in; never tried it though.Now, what's changed over the years is that now it's just not THE place to be. While the quality of the crowd is still good, it just isn't what it used to be. Seems like the females have gravitated more towards Marquee and Surrender; but that's not saying I haven't my fair share of good looking women here in recent history. I'll still probably goto XS until they tear the place down, but only if I can't get into Surrender or Marquee first.
5	Going here on a Fri or Sat night can get kinda crazy.  It usually builds up a pretty long line but if you go early you can get a good spot.  I like the club because it has so much open space you don't really feel crowded trying to walk around and into/out of the dance floor area.  During the warmer days they open up the area around the pool and the whole decor and ambiance is sexy.  Drinks are average for vegas, about $15-18 for well drinks.  I always get long islands or amf's here and they are pretty strong...because I never know how I end up where I end up afterwards.  I might have a problem.  O well.
5	I had heard so much about XS so when we went to Vegas last summer, it was a must-go, especially since we stayed at Encore.  I thought by now Surrender or Marquee would be the club to go to, but I'm stillll hearing that this is the place to be.Because we went Sat-Tuesday, we had to pick clubs strategically based on what was open when.  XS got pushed to Monday and we figured it would be decent because it was Industry Night.The guest list got us in, no wait or cover needed.I was disappointed to find out half the club, including the pool I had heard so much about, was closed.  None the less, the club looked great.  I loved the layout, decor, crowd, music...nothing to dislike!!I think it was a little less crackin' than if we went on a Friday or Saturday but I met tons of fun people and had a great time dancing and socializing. I danced inside and outside, sat inside and outside and all of it was great.  When we go back to Vegas this summer, we definitely plan to return to XS on a Friday or Saturday night!
5	About XS:XSively gorgeous layout with outdoor patio poolDrinks will XSively drain your wallet XSively crowded dance floor and bar area XSive Asians (Hot & Ugly)How to get into XS:Get there XSively early!If you are female, go with an XS amount of girls (ahem all girls only) and show XS cleavage!If you are male, bring XS money to pay cover (ranges from $20-$50) and hide your unnecessary XS cleavage!!How to have fun at XS:Drink XSive amount of alcoholLeave your XS baggage and drama at home! Shake your bootay XSively on the dance floor!
2	You get over it after awhile and indeed I am.  I swear every time I go there, they reach the max capacity plus 200 more people. You can barely walk anywhere without touching another sweaty body. Gross. The music sucks too! They do get some good djs to come (Afrojack), but normally they just remix top 40 over and over again! It really sucks and annoying! After hearing black eyed peas "I got a feeling" 3x is not the business, no matter how drunk you are! Cmonnn mix it up! And don't play the same song! Who do you think your foolin'. I liked it in beginning, like the first time.  The second time I was SO over it. However, if you don't want to keep squeezing between sweaty people ladies, go directly to the pool! Best part of the club! Where you feel like your commit shoe-icide go to the pool and dance. Meet me there, you won't see me on that small crowded dance floor... Guys, don't waste your money. The club is really nice to look at, the outside area is nice and more roomy, but other than that it's whatever. It is over-rated.BTW, on Sunday's they close off the pool/ outside area which makes it double crowded! OMG. UGH. Let's just say I wouldn't chose to come here if in Vegas again.
5	the nightclub that saved our disaster at marquee!!we decided this time to go early and not get suck in a long line. we arrived around 930 and we were one of the first there, they were just setting up. the security was really nice though, and not rude. we were on the guestlist and for coming early, we had two free drinks comp. nice. got in pretty quickly and WOW it was sooooo nice! the decor, the lights, everythingg!! too bad the pool walk way area wasn't open that night =[ we wanted to take picturessss. maybe cuz it was a sunday, but i loved how it was packed....but not crazy packed. plenty of space to still dance all wild. VIP tables everywhere so you just gotta be nice and make friends to sit down, everyone was pretty friendly. the music was awesome but when they switched DJs...they played the same songs....a little ehh. the dancers on stages had cute outfits and looked great. this is one club im definitely coming back to!
2	So, me and my girls got all dolled up and took a cab to the Encore and everything was going great. We got in line...the lines was not that long at 10:00 but about 30mins later it was hella long. We got in the club and had four vodka and cranberries, and four Patrons shots which cost $96.00! Then the first DJ began to mix and it was great, we were so feeling it. We found some guys that bought us some drinks. while they were at the bar, we found some other guys to dance with that were super cute. The second DJ was Wolfgang Gartner, he is ok...He only played part of song I liked.Here is why Im giving this place two stars....THEY HAVE PICKPOCKETS AT THIS CLUB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Someone in the crowd pickpocket my friends purse, they got her for her cellphone, her bank card, and her camera.Ladies and Gents BEWARE!
3	After a couple of hours at Tryst, we decided to check out XS. We should have stayed at Tryst!!!! We were moved to the front of the line but still had to pay $20 in cover...we weren't on a guest list. The drinks were overpriced (expected) but not strong. Everyone was already plastered, we weren't drunk enough to be there. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I went after 7 more vodka tonics. But I enjoy everything more then :) It was crowded with people bumping into you, dancing inappropriately on you, falling all over etc. Now don't get me wrong...dancing is fine but when it's to the point where my "innocent" midwestern friends say "they're probably going to leave soon to have sloppy sex " its a little too much. On the plus side, I like the outdoor space and the decor!
3	I had really high hopes for this place after reading yelp reviews. I really don't have any tips besides maybe bring a flask. I tried to figure out a way to get in cheap, but XS is only concerned with having all girl groups coming into their club, so my girlfriend and I would have to pay full price. The line was about 15 minutes on a Monday during our spring break right at 1030 when they opened. Standing in line, we chatted it up with two girls behind us. Fun conversation, but the fact that they gave us their two free entry tickets made our night. Well designed club, but I wouldn't have been happy if I paid $30 to get in, and $17 for our one mojito. The large outdoor area was closed, but you could walk outside to get some fresh air. It was funny because they had a random dancer off in the distance dancing in front of the mirror, sweet job. Anyways, by 1130 the dance floor was ridiculous, packed to the brim and constant groups of people stopping your dancing to make their way through the crowd. I couldn't stand it. A couple of nights later we went to the Palms and paid $20 to get into ghost bar. My friends moved over to Moon, where our stamp from Ghost Bar got us in free. Huge club about 53 stories up at the Palms with an amazing view. We immediately went to the dance floor and there was some guy on a mic talking with a dj in the back. "Oh this must be someone famous." Turns out DJ Jazzy Jeff was playing that night. Words can't describe how much better of a time I had at Moon compared to XS, not nearly as crowded on the dance floor, amazing views, and a bad ass DJ keeping the energy up until 4am. XS was fun, but I'd take Moon any day. Side note: This placed was filled with people who were either loaded, or spent all their money on looking that way. I talked to a bouncer and apparently they make 250K on Sundays and Mondays. So if you make a decent living and wanna feel like a broke ass, this is your place.
4	Went to XS on a Monday night with myself and two other friends. Used a host from the website jackcolton.com and he replied quickly and was very nice and up front quoting us at 1 bottle min starting at 450. Confirmed with him the day of and went to the VIP line and gave my name and his name. The guy at the door confirmed minimums and we were in the club in matter of minutes. The other reviews don't lie, the place is amazing and huge. Our waitress/busser/security were on top of everything and never felt rushed or that anything shady was going down like you hear about sometimes. Tip was not included but we gave her over 20%. The crowd varied by age but mostly younger good looking crowd. The music was a blend of top 40, house, with some old school throw backs which I loved. When it was time to leave security even took us through a different exit so that we didn't have to fight the crowd out. Bottle service was the way to go and worth it. -1 Star because the pool was not open on Monday night and also XS raised the bar so high that I expect all clubs to look and be as great when I am in Vegas now but they are always compared to XS and disappointing *cough* the bank *cough*
5	So far the best club I've been too when I was in Vegas. The atmosphere is what gets you. Outdoors you have cabanas, a pool, & a couple of gambling tables. You definitely will not go wrong when going to XS!
4	Minus the $4,000 my group paid for the table, this place is legit.I've been here before, and I'm really glad we got bottle service. We had a large group but we didn't have to wait in line. The line was HUGE, I don't know how long it would have taken without it. This place is perfect in the spring when its not too hot or too cold. I can't imagine what it must be like in the Winter when its freezing outside. It's pretty much set up to be like an indoor/outdoor venue at the same time. When you first walk through the door you see the whole place, its beautiful, words just check out my photo. They also have a massive pool  with cabanas around it with multiple bars outside. Unfortunately they play top 40 like like most other places, I would prefer house music.Bottom line, I had a great time... and you will too!
5	There are certain things you learn when you're going to hit up a big city for a night out on the town. One is that if you're on even a slight budget, take the opportunity to pre-game....I don't care what anyone says, economically suiting up for a night out is never overrated. The second is you travel with someone who knows someone who knows someone. One of those someones is bound to get you the hook-up and in our case it was my best friend's father's Vegas hostess. 11:00 rolled around, we were dressed to the nines and ushered straight to the front of the line passing up the long string of hopefuls looking to get in courtesy of the downtown party promoters with nothing but a wink and a smile from the bouncers. Upon entering, you are taken to another realm of unreality, how is it possible that this place is a part of this hotel? The club feels like an ultra-swank, uber-modern version of a 1920s late-night spot where the social superiors are set above those down below of lesser known status. Here, the plush VIP couches and tables are set in height from high to low looking down on a crowded bump and grind fest. The decor is stunning with uplit color drenched walls, golden columns, windows adorned with rich velvet curtains, and huge beautiful chandeliers. Mind you, we were here in late November so none of the chaos of pool shenanigans and outdoor beds were going on, but there was one mystery dancer on the outdoor bar quite possibly freezing her poor little nips off. Drinks were on the expensive side even for Vegas standards, but between my friends treating me for my birthday and what seemed like limitless shots making the rounds from the hostess, I had no complaints. The DJs mixing was on point, service was astounding, and the company of new acquaintances met during the evening, made this a great spot to celebrate a milestone birthday.
3	It's nice. That's all I gotta say. I didn't have that great of a time like I did at Surrender, but XS is a close second. There are bungalows everywhere and the pool area is really beautiful. Walking around, it seems like you're in a movie. There were waaaay too many people on the dance floor (well it was Saturday night) and the bartenders are kind of slow. It's like they're totally over it. It was cheap for us girls to get in but $60 for guys? Damn, I'm glad I didn't have to pay that much AND buy drinks on top of that. No thank you! I think next time I'll pass and just go to Surrender.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas. Hands down. I thought it was Tryst at first but then after my trip to XS, I was seriously in love.Sure, it was crazy crowded and people were pushing people around and all that terrible stuff... but the music was really good and it just seemed like everyone was having a really great time. That's all that matters when you're in Vegas. At least for me. And I won't lie, there were really good looking people at this club. The club's huge and the outside area was beautiful as well. I felt a little bad for the lone go-go dancer outside but if you walk in from the entrance, you have an awesome view of two dancers on both sides and the dance floor in the middle... if that makes sense. I'm thinking they strategically thought out the whole image of when one enters the club. Love.I can't wait to visit XS again in the summer where the pool area will be open.
3	This place was pretty cool. I got passes so I didn't have to pay, which was cool. The ambiance is pretty nice and I like the music they play.  The drinks weren't too expensive. I guess I've seen more expensive drinks at other nightclubs.
5	XS is rightfully named XS. Because this place is beyond Excess! Good Music. + Good Crowd = Good Ass Time! Now there are two ways to go about XS. You can go wait in line at 9pm and wait and wait and wait. Or you can be poppin bottles in the ice, like a blizzard, do it right gettin slizzard with bottle service. The many times partying here. My friends and I opted on gettin slizzard with bottle service. Yes, it's expensive. Yes, it's ridiculous spending $400 a bottle for 750 ML of Grey Goose when you can get it for $50 at Costco. But I don't have time to wait in that line...the night is young and I want to spend it drinking and partying..not waiting.Very diverse and mixed crowd. The dance floor does get super packed. But there's enough room to roam around outside. For the most part people here are pretty friendly. Music ranges from top-40, to Hip-Hop, and the rave UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCE music kicks in around midnight.  **************Rye's Notes:*If security sees you yack. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're gonna get kicked out.*If you decide to go swimming in the pool. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're gonna get kicked out.*If you're going to be a wingman for your friend. Make sure your friend doesn't mack on the girl that is married. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're friend is going to get thrown in the pool.
4	XS is a fun club! It's definitely one of my favorites in Vegas! Went here twice last year! (yea my group of friends liked it that much).The music is really good both nights we went, and the crowd was alright as well. It does get pretty packed, but what do you expect? it's one of the hottest spots in Vegas.I'll be coming back by the end of the month!
5	Best club ive been to in years. Beautiful place, large outdoor area, and it's like a hottybomb exploded in this place, There were gorgeous women all over the place. Just like any hot Vegas club, this place can get quite crowded and too often you find yourself surrounded by people invading your personal space. They also play good music so if you find a spot, dance and drink the night away!
5	After venturing out a couple times to other clubs, my friends and I always make our way back to XS.  Definetly the best club in vegas!  They always play the best music, the lines are long but move really fast, and the bouncers are not on an ego trip.  They have a $20 entrance fee and a coat check area for $5.  Quick tip that the bouncer told us...if you have a lotta jackets, you can actually double them up when you hand it over for a coat check and they'll only charge you $5 for 2 jackets.  The ladies in the coat check will see that it's 2 coats, but they won't say anything.  But back to the music...you MUUUSTT come on a friday night here.  It's a LOT less crowded on friday nights AND the music is strictly top 40s.  We came back again on a saturday night and while the music was still better than those at other clubs, it was still mainly house music, which we are not fans of. PLUS it's super crowded on a saturday night, there is literally no room to dance.  I got my foot stepped on more times than I cared to count, and more drinks spilled on me than I care to remember.  Guys DO bother you a lot  when you're dancing here, but as long as you've got a good group of girls and a couple elbow-dance tricks up your sleeve, you'll be fine!
4	Sexy. Awesome vibe.  Do not be afraid of the ginormous line outside of the club as the line will move quickly and you'll be in the club in no time.  It is beautiful inside.  If you can actually focus on the decor for a minute and ignore the sudden urge to dance and drink, then you can appreciate how intricate and pretty it really is inside.  There is an obvious trendy Asian theme going on, with huge butterfly-like fans littered cross the ceiling.  Super trippy.  The booths are really nice and large if you're into the bottle service gig.  The restrooms are awesome and huge, complete with tons of bathroom stalls and mirrors to check up on your makeup or check how your butt looks in that skank-ho dress--I know I did!  Be sure to check out the patio and the pool since I've heard raving reviews about it.  I, however, was too inebriated to saunter outside and squeeze through a dance floor of hot, gyrating people.  The music is great.  The DJ really knows how to get the crowd pumped up and won't switch to new songs every fifteen seconds. The dance floor is large, if my memory serves me correctly, but it fills up quickly after midnight.  Don't fret, there is bound to be a space for you to get your groove on the dance floor. The bars are super packed with people barking out orders so it  can be a daunting task trying to purchase your libations (This is when bottle service comes in handy.  Unfortunately, not all of us are baller like that.  Sad face. Sigh!).The crowd is sexy,  beautiful people everywhere and only here!Overall, this is my favorite club in Vegas thus far.  I have yet to go to others.  Stay tuned.
3	This review is verging on a 3.5. I love the beautiful women, ambiance, diversity, oh and did I mention the lovely women? Dope plush, cushy cabanas outside, with a little pool wading area and a gambling area surrounded by the pool. So what prey tell Warren could you possibly be complaining about? Well the handful of times I've ever been there the DJ/s have played the same song twice in the span of a few hours. Big time DJ faux pas. Come on now, there are billions of songs out there, we can't be more creative? Plenty of electronic music with very little hip hop and R&B. Musically its just not really my steeze.And sweet baby jesus, why do they allow people to dance on the ledges? Upon my last visit our group bought bottle service by the dance floor and there were @ least 3 separate incidences where someone fell and/or spilled their damn drink on me and/or crushed a female friend as we were seated in the booth. Oof. -1.5 stars for the wack security and their inconsistent rules. It might co$t a little more and farther from the action but going in with a few friends and getting a cabana or somewhere outdoors might be your best bet.Oh well, its a great place to get your fist pump on.
4	I was there with my girlfriends this past weekend and it was all sorts of fun. There were points where it was crowded as hell but that's Vegas for you. The decor was nice and it was put together well (I'm really picky when it comes to stuff like that). For those who don't have a table reservation or cabana, you kind of just have to balance on the little tile corners surrounding the tables if you really need to sit. The bathrooms are VERY clean, which is a plus. Also, there's some poles for people to dance on. Okay, I'm all about having a good time but there are some people who should NOT be getting on that thing. Enough about that. HAHAHAHAThe music was cool. They played a lot of current stuff but mixed techno-ish stuff with it, which kind of forced me to fist pump the whole night (not my style but whatever; I'll Jersey it up I guess.) There would be a really dope song that would pop up once in a while but then it'd be cut short and I'd be like "damn, womp wah!" The gold dressed dancers were working it on the speakers but the black sequined dressed dancers near the tables looked super bored. The dance floor goes outdoors which is nice because if you need a breather, you just need shuffle/push/shimmy your way out and you get fresh air. One gripe though.  After waiting in line for a good hour, we got to the front when we say we're on the list (via online). Then the guy sends us around to get in the "Guest List" line. So we walk around, U-turn it back to where we were just standing but on the other side of the rope (did that even make sense?) Anyway, he then tells us with the guest list online reservations, we still pay (which is fine) but what was the point of making us walk around then if we were going to pay anyway; so frikkin weird LOLFYI: There is coat check for $5 :]
4	Came here recently for a Bachelor party weekend! Came  early around 9 pm cause it gets packed and im not a girl. The place is dope, huge dance floor with go-go dancers to match, multiple bars, cabanas, private tables, pools, and casino tables outside with a private bar. The place is all about excess, they only sell double shots of VSOP and no plain ol' VS (You Henny drinkers know what im talking about). The place is definitely a good spot to check, it wasn't as cracking as Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, but definitely a spot to be at!Cover was about $30/head, lines can get long so come early, and be ready to see lots of hot girls :)
4	I purchased a VIP cabana here on a saturday night and I had the time of my life. Service was excellent. The music was very good.
3	Don't need to repeat the 1,000+ reviews that gush over how nice the venue is. It cost $100MM to build, I'd hope it could at least pull off a 4-star Yelp average. It's a high bar, but the combined forces of Wynn, Drai, and the Waits brothers should be able to pull it off.Now the only problem, half the time I go here, it's like KSA night at my school all over again. If you know what that means, you know what I mean.
5	Super long lines to get in... but this place made my vegas experience.. VEGAS!!!!! i want to go backkkk!
5	Absolutely incredible club.  We got a deal on table and bottle service and spent about $2000 for 3 bottles of Belvedere (deal?).   The table overlooked the dance floor (inside by the bathroom entrance).  We got inside around 10:30 and stayed until about 2:30.  The club was very much packed when we left but after 3 bottles we were approaching our expiration date.  We left the table and a bunch of mixers...hopefully someone enjoyed it afterwards ;)Overall the night was the best night at a club I've EVER had (and I've had plenty).  The music, the friends, everything was perfect.
1	Nice location. I think this is where they hold the weekly Ultimate Douching Championships. I could be wrong though. 1 star because the people here douche way out of my league. Like, seriously, there's some hardcore douching going on here.
5	one of the best clubs i have been to in quite some time....afrojack was spinning and it was bumpin...the service was great and so were the people...definitely going back
5	WHATS UP XS!  I'm a lot more critical on nightclubs than I am on restaurants, so five stars don't come easily.  Ohhhh, but if any place deserves it, it is you XS. I came to this place with HIGH expectations, so did I come in with an objective mind?  No!  I thought... for all I have heard of this place, if it's not even short of amazing... I'll be disappointed!I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED.This crowd was the best looking and youngest I've seen yet.  It seemed like the bouncers were selective when letting people in.  The layout makes sense, it's refreshing, it's beautiful.  It has an amazing presentation when you walk in.  The bathrooms were never crowded.  I guess the only downside was somewhere around midnight it got ridiculous crowded to move around.  But on the dance floor I was fine... it was just an adventure trying to relocate. But... I can see why it was crowded!  Gosh, the DJ knew how to mix.  It seemed to me that it was 50/50, house and top 40.  Gotta love it.  It was such a good vibe in there... everyone was having a blast.  Everyone was so friendly... man, what a great night.I had wondered, "How can a club really stand out as much as XS seems to have?"  No kidding.  Within 30 minutes I knew why.  I had been pleasantly approached by tons of people my age... just talking to me, wanting to take shots, wanting to have a good time.  None of the bars were packed. The outside was beautiful, the weather was great.  The music was phenomenal.  The service was nice.....And you guys want to know the best part?  I was sober.  I was the DD.  AND I HAD THIS MUCH FUN.It's going to be hard to top this one!
3	I'd give it a second chance but I wouldn't pay for it. Perhaps it's just not my style of club. A lot of long lines filled with . . . not a lot of attractive people. They weren't the most organized but at least they let me stroll right through to meet my friends who were already there. I didn't go outside at all so I can't speak for that section . . . met some "balla's" on the balcony . . . got some dancing in. It was ok. Rather crowded and not the most elegant. We left after an hour to go back to Tao. Maybe it just wasn't a night that lived up to the hype or perhaps it's more for the 23 and under crowd.
1	Was just in Vegas with the boys and looking to have fun. Heard XS was the best in Vegas other then TAO. Guys, if you want to have fun do not go to this place. It's a beautiful spot to be for a first timer to just experience. On a Sat night, this place was packed. I mean, you cant move, cant talk to a girl, cant even dance. The girls are Hott, mostly Asian which I luv, but they are just there to show off and nothing more. I feel like the LA girls were all at XS. I would say 85% of people who go to Vegas are CALI people. Or else Vegas strip would be a ghost town. The bouncers let everyone in, just go early if your a guy. So guys, if you are trying to talk to girls, dance with them, and get to know them, you can kiss that goodbye. Its PACKED dance floor. You cant even move. But if your trying to go check out the scene, its beautiful. Next time I go to Vegas, I am trying off the strip clubs to see real vegas girls.
5	I didn't think I could ever love a nightclub this much! From the moment I walked in, I was taken by the DJ and the great music he was playing. The atmosphere was great and the bartenders were on the ball. The only other club I've been to in Vegas is TAO and it doesn't compare to XS at all. There was a lot of room to dance, which is important to me. I went when Wolfgang Gartner was DJing. It was my third time seeing him and I had a blast. It's great that XS has guest DJs every so often. OH, and the bathrooms are AMAZING. Just had to throw that in there :)
3	Meh, beautiful outside area which almost kinda makes up for the gross inside area. It's way too overcrowded, but this club beats any LA club with a clean sweep because of the people there. You can't not be entertained by all those random crazies and happy-go-luckies on E.I agree with whichever reviewer said that it's difficult to get your way to the front of your bar if you're not aggressive, and pretty difficult to get served by the bartenders if you don't have (or don't look like you have) a shlong. I don't mind because I can cut with the best of 'em, but if you're one of the less aggressive folk then this may not be the place for you unless you're planning to pre-game like nobody's business. I'd advise y'all to be prepared to wait a good 20-30 mins for a drink. Not too bad with all those drunkies and druggies entertaining you while you wait.The bar outside is much less crowded (by the pool? I don't know I was way too drunk to keep a mental blueprint), and the view is much nicer. Music wasn't all too great. I was pretty inebriated and didn't really dance very much, and I don't usually even require much music. I feel like if there were less people there it would be a much more successful club for me--I don't like crowds; I felt like I was suffocating.And just a heads up, if you're going to meet with people there good luck! I knew of at least a handful of people who had reserved tables there and I couldn't find a single table of familiar faces. It's a ginormous club.They're open from 10PM-4AM with a $20 entrance for women/$30 for men ($50 for men on Sat.), $10ish for a drink.They enforce dress code obviously, and there's usually a long wait to get in. I'd prefer to visit other clubs when I'm back in LV, but I'd go back to XS.
5	Hottest club in spicy Vegas, hands-friggin-down. Aaaaaaaad GO:Best dance hits from a variety of music genres (Britney, Gaga, Kid Cudi, Jay-Z, Nirvana, yes, Nirvana!),  sexiest go-go dancers in sequin mini skirts, stripper poles galore to grind on, HUGE outdoor lounge area without prerequisite of bottle service, a POOL to wade around in when your heeled toesies need refreshment and--surprisingly--a fabulously nice and dance-loving crowd of attractive young people. No balding, old, rich farts who claim to own MGM. All that glitters here IS gold!
5	Just reviewing this club is distracting me enough to lead me off into a hangover daydream... Las Vegas is it's own party bubble atmosphere and XS is definitely one of the highlights of that party. The serene, elegant, lavish, sexy, and bold environment and decor are both refreshing and exciting. It is one of the most spacious and welcoming clubs in LV with a wide indoor dancefloor, VIP seating, and luxurious high ceilings with chandeliers that sparkle with the lighting. But wait until your bright doey eyes behold the outdoor patio equipped with a full poolside bar, beautifully lit, large pool, a lovely nightsky view, and even more space to shake that thang!!! The crowd is a mix of happy party-goers, mostly young in age having a good time. I haven't been there when the pool is open, but I'm excited for that on my next trip.I don't know how much cover is, but I'm sure it's worth it for the people that have to pay. However, tip for the girls: Talk to the random promoters along the strip because they can get you into clubs (including XS) for free through the guestlist! We even got a few guys in for free. So make sure you spread your social butterfly wings and make friends in Vegas because it pays off! I went to the bar earlier so its wasn't too hard to get a drink, but I saw that it got crowded later in the night, so be prepared. The danclefloor in and out are spacious enough and built in a way to prevent too much cramping and crowding, which is a plus. The bouncers/security are generally nice and helpful, especially considering the crazies and drunks they have to deal with... one of my friends had to be "politely escorted" out.. haha. XS is definitely one of the lovely gems of Las Vegas, so make sure you show some love and dance moves and pay it a visit. The 5 star ratings speak for themselves! It's definitely a good time baby!
5	Definitely the best place to be on a Saturday night!!! The fact that our group of girls got up to the front of the line and walked in to the club, excellente! So I definitely recommend getting some connections/promoters before you go to XS because waiting in that huge ass line SUCKS. Or just buying a table if your pockets are feelin' pretty deep that night.The place can get crowded on the dance floor but the outside area is GORGEOUS and still can dance near the dance floor. The pool is awesome, you can dip your feet in if you want to. Always a great crowd though, because everyone and their moms go to XS on Saturday nights. I absolutely LOVE THE MUSIC here, it's hiphop/house mixes and will leave your ears ringing and some songs stuck in your head the next day.But I feel really bad for guys who have to buy drinks cause it definitely is not cheap. I think its around $14/shot. Ouch on your wallets.I would go back just to go party at XS. Agree that it is the BEST CLUB IN VEGAS!
3	Yeah, the decor is nice.Yeah, there is a pool that you can dip your feet into.Yeah, it's poppin'. But with all that being said, they have the worst customer service ever. My group had reserved a table by the pool for bottle service. We had already negotiated the price and all that jazz over the phone, but when we arrived, it took over an hour for us to get our table and liquor. They kept going back and forth with us and they even had the audacity to tell us to tip the bouncer, so that he can speed up the process. Rude much!?Luckily we managed to salvage the night by drinking and dancing the night away. I am not sure about other nights, but they played a lot of trance, house, and hip hop music when I was there. I actually really liked the music that they played, so I'll give them another chance to redeem themselves!
1	Fuk the Asian/Hawaiian guestlist guy with the beard
5	I actually love this venue because it has not only a great mix crowd, awesome music but also the venue itself is just amazing.There is indoor and outdoor partying with a pool where you can dance around. They've setup gambling outside near the pool and if you want you can take your shoes off and dance inside the pool.  The dance floor inside isn't massive but it's still a big enough space to dance in.There's multiple bars where you can get drinks at as well as the ability to get cabanas/ bottle service either inside outside or even upstairs..All in all I've always had a great experience here.  Sure does help when you are taken care of, walked directly in without having to deal with the line =o)
4	nice club, pop bottles is a must, especially if you're a group of dudes. and if you do, tip the man and get a table inside.need more bathrooms cause the area in front is not moving, people are gonna get trampled one day. not much else to say.
5	Amazingly, I have not reviewed XS on Yelp! (Not that it needs any more reviews haha)Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas. I've been a million times already but XS never fails to deliver. It will always be my first love in Vegas haha. The crowd is always fun and the music is always bumpin' and this club is always poppin'. Long lines, so either get there early, or know someone ;)-RM
5	Idk why ppl think this club is overrated, whatever that means but you cannot find a nicer club than xS anywhere in the U.S. ppl!!! I'm in vegas like every month and always come to this club. Its classy and very upscale. This place cracks soo much, first of all, its at a fancy hotel, beautiful ppl, beautiful decor, excellent layout, huge dance floor.  Omg theres an outside pool where ppl can sit around and chill/drink. The crowd is very mixed so everyone can enjoy. Super long ass lines. Memorial day is coming up, last year they charged $200 per guy and girls are just as much hahaha crazy.  But if you can get on glist you'll get vip access! This is a MUST stop for tourists. Check it out!
5	Had a fabulous time & I hate nightclubs.  We had a magical table right on the dance floor.  Minus the 7 bottles of Dom Rose' it was worth the experience !!!!!!!!!!
5	Went to Vegas two weeks ago to celebrate my 24th birthday... first stop was Drai's... second night.. MARQUEE.. (since it's new).. then last and final night.. XS!!! Definitely my favorite club!  XS never disappoints! Right when we got there we saw how long the line was, but as always the line moved really fast! It was pretty packed inside, but we managed to make our way through the bar near the exit and got our drinks right away! The outside area is pretty chill and you can always walk around and enjoy the music! Its so easy to get from point a to point b. Unlike marquee where it's a maze just to get from one room to another! I will definitely keep XS on my list everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
5	So far I like this club the most out of all the clubs I've been to in Las Vegas.  I thought Marquee would top this club, I was wrong.  My girls and I drank so much patron shots before and while at this club.  One of my friends and I knocked out on the water beds.  Heard a guy tried to hit on me while I was asleep (surprised we didn't get kicked out).  In the end, we left the club without our shoes (again, surprised we didn't get kicked out for not having our shoes).  One of us lost a pair of heels, and my other friend and I each lost a heel!  We left the club without remembering much.  We dropped by XS the next day to look for our shoes, no luck.  So we tried lost & found which is open only from about 9am-5pm.  Still no luck there.  The way they handle lost items is weird.  Took about 2 days to find out they were officially lost.  Someone must have thought it was theirs and took them.  If you ever have this issue, be able to describe what the item looks like and the brand, etc.  We were unable to do that...
5	i had a great fucking time here!my first vegas clubbbb!! (damn...i've been missing out)loved the big dance floor, gold decor and lights. loved the music (very housey!). loved the hot crowd. i confirmed it is true. you can truly drink excessively in vegas, but not even feel drunk!
5	the last few times I've been to Vegas, I have tried to go to XS, but something always gets in my way. well, this trip, I finally made it... and it. was. AWESOME. yes, get there early because lines are ridiculous, especially during fight week. get there early, get stamped, and go drink somewhere else for less money. then come back later when it's crackin'. there's no wait to get back in and my boyfriend was in and out at least 5 times. yes, bouncers are super uptight and anal, but that's any Vegas club, and this is definitely one of the nicest ones. basically, it's HELLA NICE inside, and that's a massive understatement. maybe the 7 shots of vodka I took prior to entering had a little to do with my judgement, but I was all over that dance floor and seriously had the best night of my life here.
5	yelp has once again done me right!!!this nightclub is seriously AMAZING!! the line was long, but went by fairly quickly. the music playing was good.  i think the best part was the beds in the pool where you can dip your feet in if you want.  LOVED LOVED LOVED it!!!
4	The Staff were Great, Music was even better, Club had a great look. The only problem I had was the lack of dance floor space. I know that the club makes its money from the tables but 4 of the 5 hour I was there I was dancing not on my ass.
5	Def. one of my fave clubbing spots in Vegas.My girls and I always stop by whenever we're in town.  We usually have friends that get tables here or lucky enough that other guys invite us to join theirs so we never experienced actually waiting in line, which goes wayyyyy down to lala land. Place is huge and always packed.  Tables all around, including gambling ones on the outside where they also have a pool.  And ladies, you know damn well you're gonna be dipping your poor little swollen feet feet in there towards the end of the night.   Music is usually decent but the past weekend that I went, soooo much house music.  I mean I guess it's the "thing" now so I can't really get on them for it but ... just a little more of, other types would be nice :).   Two of the times that I've been here, a table has made it rain and I'm not too proud to say that I went home with some rain money (which now has been passed on to either slot machines or the cab driver)   Always a great time here and if you STILL a XS virgin, please go pop that XS cherry for me :)
2	The Wynn itself is such a nice hotel. It gives off a very high class, clean, and orderly vibe, which is contradictory to everything Vegas offers. There are some meriting points about XS, such as its entire outdoor pool and lounge area. However, it only works during the squelching desert heat in the summer, not on a chilly February night. The music is pretty decent, with a good mix of Top 40 pop/hip hop, but there's really no sectioned off dance floor in the entire club. Either it's really squishy and you have no room to dance, or traffic is high since there's barely room for a walkway, much less a dance floor. Part of the club is connected to the hotel, while the other part is added on with a see-through roof so you can see the night sky. Though the club "sounds" nice, I just wasn't impressed with the set-up of the club and couldn't look beyond that fact.
4	I was at this spot last month for work, of course I did some play when I was in Vegas, who would not? None the less, the place has nice size and you the entrance is different, because you walk down steps to enter the club. Note, this place is in the Wynn Casino and given the decor of the casino, the club matched, but I guess I expected a little more. Hence, I am not quite giving a full 5 starts, but more than 4 stars is how I would rate the club. That night there was a good vibe and atmosphere. You will have no problem in moving about in this club, even with the crowd being large and and it was packed (again, this was a Monday night), so no matter where you are at you will find your groove as you set up as you examine how and who you want to have a good time with. The dance floor is right in the middle of the club, which is nice so no matter where your at you can turn and always be looking at the floor. The music was a little on the loud side, which I guess is a good thing, cause you will have to lean forward to who ever you talking to because and based on their reaction you will know how interested they are in you. Something that caught me by surprise(but its the Wynn), was in the pool area off the club, had this woman dancing on a small island to the music, I am going to assume that she was there all night. I had a few drinks and they had could have been a little stronger. The staff was quick with service both the bar (strongest drink that night)  and the waitresses that moving through out the club where ready to take your order. That night the crowd was a little you for me and I am sure the the next time I am in Vegas, I will return to see if the vibe would be different.
5	Went here on a Friday night to check out the hype. Very nice staff, good looking people, awesome venue and the pool is a plus. The cost was $20 girls $30 guys on Friday night but well worth it. my group of 12 all had a wonderful time. By the time we left the club it was sunlight out, that's how good it was.The venue is amazing! Very elegant yet, edgy. There is an indoor and outdoors by the pool. The dance floor is kind of small but maybe because there were so many people on it. There are female dancers everywhere you look. The bar by the pool took forever to get a drink though, but I think there were 3 other spots you can get a drink. The music was good too, pretty much top 40's with some house music which I love! This club definitely lives up to Vegas standards and is one of the upscale clubs that I would definitely return to!
5	I heard it was great-now I can confirm it. Gorgeous place-you have your dance floor and bars, but it's also open to the outside so you have your pool and cabanas if dancing is not your thing and just want to lounge and look cool. We hit the dance floor all night-awesome music. After a few drinks, the bartender actually gave us water for free when we requested it. Usually Vegas bars charge you even for water! Can I also mention ladies, that this was the only nightclub I've EVER been to where each time we visited the ladies room there was no line. Yes you read that correctly. The place was packed too but somehow there must have been a few bathrooms because we never had to wait. I would absolutely return next time I'm in Vegas!!
4	The 1000+ positive reviews have probably already covered everything I could ever say about this place. For a more relaxed atmosphere, visit its lounge counterpart, Surrender, which is located right across the way.Best effing nightclub I've ever experienced. The Messiah of nightlife! How am I ever going to appreciate Arizona clubs ever again? Thanks a lot, XS.
5	XS is my favorite club in Vegas.This place is always packed.I definitely recommend getting a Table & Bottle Service.VIP is the way to go.
5	Sunday Night Review ONLY!Loved it.Stayed in Vegas through Monday and were looking for a place to go out on Sunday night. Had read on yelp this is the place to go and so there we went, 3 guys and 1 girl.Got there and there was a medium sized line, (of course there was, it's Vegas)...But line moved really quickly!Got to the cashier and the cover charge was $25 for both men and women (surprisingly cheap for guys in Vegas). So of course I thought, "quick line, low cover, it's gonna be dead."WRONG!Walked in and it was PACKED! The pool area was closed (as I hear is the norm on Sundays) but regardless there was a large amount people everywhere! Music was mixed, not the best in my opinion but hell I danced to it anyway. Crowd was awesome, people of all kinds, all races, all ages getting down in their own ways. Bars were crowded but still moved fast enough so that we could get drinks. Prices for drinks were Vegas prices (no Sunday discounts lol). Bathroom line always moved super fast.Will definitely return. On Sunday's that is.
5	I once watched a TV documentary about Las Vegas hotel owners who utilize Feng Shui in their resorts' designs to attract luck and money to their properties.   I'm positive that whoever designed the XS nightclub at the Encore used Feng Shui as well to create a beautiful, upscale, and hip club with an awesome flow of chi (energy).  Having decorated my home with feng shui in mind as well, I know that one of the key principles to ensure this good chi is to balance the elements of Fire, Metal, Water and Earth - and XS did this XS-ively.Fire & MetalAs soon as you enter the club, you automatically sense SEXY.  Everything is decorated with reds (fire) and gold (metal) - including all the stripper poles around the club, which invite the ladies to shake what their momma gave 'em.  The inside of XS is just so conducive for dancing (besides the huge dancefloor, you can boogie on table tops and pathways) as well as conversating.  Within and around all the VIP booths, you'll see the bonding between bridesmaids, and dudes with all their wingmen lol.  For single folk, I'm sure this is a great place to hook up!  Water & EarthThe most unique attribute of XS is that it opens up to the expansive pool area.  I don't care how much of a Vegas high-roller you may be - the first time you see this, you can't help but say WOW like a club neophyte.  There are VIP cabanas out here, along with daybeds that need no reservations (which provide relief to all us women and our sky high heels!) When Julius & I got down on the dancefloor, we were dancing right on the border between the heat of the interior of the club, and the cool breeziness of the club's exterior. The tropical palm trees and water that reflected the neon lights outdoors were the Yin to the inside of the club's Yang - perfectly balanced!XS is hands down the best club we've ever been to - and we've been to our fair share.  Whether you feel like swinging on a pole inside XS, or dancing barefoot in the shallow end of the pool outside, you'll get to do it all in one place. At what other club would you ever be able to do this?!
5	No matter how old this club is, it will never get old too me! Very beautiful & spacious! Love the setup of the dance floor, how it's inside & outside. I know that they made Surrender which is a newer & similar setup, but it just doesn't compare size wise, in my opinion at least.
5	club is roomy! but, it can be too much sometimes. get there early if you're waiting in line. obvious club policy. more dicks than chicks, you're waiting. no tables? WAITING! can i wear these shoes? -_- ....its vegas! dress to impress! so the decor, its pretty awesome. there's statues of boobies and u can see gogo dancers. oh yeah..once summer is here, sundays will have pool parties at night! :D
5	MY FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS- Loved the pool, hot tub and cabanas @ the outdoor area!Arrived at the club around 11ish with a bunch of girls.  There were tons of people in line, but since there were so many of us, they let us skip the line and walked right in for $20/head.Since we were all pretty wasted already, our huge group tried to make our way to the outdoor pool area.  Well... Let's just say we lost half the girls going in because the place was PACKED!The outdoor area is just gorgeous.  It's definitely better to be outdoor area where there's more space than being cramped like a sardine inside.  Yea... Dipping your tired feet in the pool is such a relieve too.I love XS!
5	Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas (along with a bunch of other people, it seems)... XS is aesthetically stunning and ridiculously fun.We were on a list, no wait at all - always a great way to start off a Vegas club experience.The club itself is gorgeous - the half that's inside has gold everywhere, stripper poles for the more daring, and plush couches for the people wanting a finer night.  The music is awesome, lighting is great, and the outside area is a blessing during a hot night in Vegas.  The pool is  large and the poolside tables are perfect for big parties.  We managed to crash a table of some very generous people - another great way to spend a Vegas night... on someone else's tab!Come on a Saturday night and feel confident that you're having a better time than anyone else on the strip :-x
2	This place was well conceived of, but the sheer size of it and the amount of people walking through it quite nearly caused me to have a panic attack. I was with a group and i realized if I let them out of my sight i would not see them for the rest of the evening. I don't mind crowds, but I do mind massive crowds. Does anyone really want to go to a nightclub with 5,000 people in it? No thanks.
4	Was here over the weekend.  The doormen have a little bit of attitude and they could use a few more bartenders.  Other than that the music and crowd were great.  Check it out one night and you'll have fun.
4	Look up Las Vegas Mega Club in a dictionary (or on google for those who don't know how to use a dictionary) and odds are you will get XS.  In my mind, XS is the definition of a Vegas Mega Club with the huge crowds, loud/bumping music, good looking people everywhere you look, and huge long lines.  However, the lines move really fast once the doors open (I have never waited more than 30 mins, the door guys have this down to a science!).  Beyond the Vegas usuals, the thing that makes things great about XS is the ability to bust out on craps or black jack at the gaming tables INSIDE the club and bust out with the opposite sex all in on night; or if you are on a hot streak, luck out on both counts.  Also, the random people jumping in the pools is always fun and an experience (girls get away with it, guys get escorted straight out the door).If you are a Vegas Virgin, I definitely recommend going to XS to pop your Vegas Club Cherry.
5	sexy sexy sexy. find out whos spinning that night because they have really big djs come in all the time. saw avicii spin there last sat ... and yea.. SEXY. Girls, work your magic because it's super hard to get in unless you wanna wait in a long line. always a sexy hot time at XS
3	Memorial weekend - A great club, but minus 2 stars for 1. LONG LINE2. Told to leave - there's a story behind this- Wasn't sure if you were allowed in the pool or not, but saw two white girls in the pool for 10-15 minutes without being told to get out. So my girlfriend decided to pull me in with her.  After about 2-3 minutes, we were asked to leave (only us two since we were wet).  So why is it that white girls who were in the pool over over 10 minutes stayed in the water while two asian girls were told to get out.  We were allowed to come back in if we changed, but seriously?? Felt like racism to me. 3. $50 bucks to get in...goodness gracious4. Holiday - $3,000 for outside tables and $20,000 for table by the dancefloor. - hmm...no thank you...- I haven't been there since last year, but if the go go dancers are still wearing the same uniform - they should change it up...Surrender dress their hostesses and dancers much better!
5	awesome club! great dj loved it! :)
5	shit this place, is a terminater! i didn't find another place that's better than this. stripers looking good and drinks r not that pricy. i would definately go back again!
5	I'll keep this review simple. This is the nicest club I've been to. It probably helped too that I was staying at the Wynn and could buy tickets in advance and bypass the huge line. Easy in/out also makes for great trips back and forth to the rooms. The dance floor is good, the music is good, the drinks are good, and the open air is awesome. Definitely worthy of one of my rare 5 star reviews!
3	Too crowded, a maize in this place.
5	We got there on a Saturday night at around 10pm and the line was INSANE.  Thankfully it was just me and two other girls so the bouncer let us in really quickly.  Sadly we still had to pay the $20 cover but eh, it could have been much worse.The club is GORGEOUS, the most beautiful I've been to in Las Vegas... actually probably ever.  While you're waiting for the dance floor to heat up, I recommend grabbing a drink and walking around the beautiful pool area a couple times.  The cabanas on the second level are pretty incredible too, but a word of caution for people considering renting one -- they're a bit far from where the action is.  If you can, get a table by the pool or inside near the dance floor.The drinks are a bit weaker I found than at the other Vegas clubs I've been too, which is a little annoying considering I had to pay cover :(  But still had a pretty good time.My major complaint is the dance floor.  They way overfilled the club and the dance floor was dangerously packed.  People were pushing, shoving and being out right rude.  Dear Dude who stepped on my foot:You don't get to hit on me 10 seconds after you've stepped on my foot!!!  Not cool....I think I could have tolerated it a bit better if it weren't my 3rd consecutive night clubbing, so I'll give XS a pass on this one.  But I recommend coming on a less crazy night like Monday, I bet it'd be just about perfect then.
4	This club is humongous.  There's a pool area outside with tables and a really nice, and the night we were there we actually saw a bunch of guys from America's Best Dance Crew that were having a dance battle outside.  So cool.  The inside is pretty fun, it's just this one massively huge dance area.  It is not as fantastic as everyone says it is, I'd say it's slightly overrated, but I can't deny that I had a great time there.
4	Deadmau5 was the celebrity DJ at XS this past Sunday night for the MDW lineup but unfortunately I was unable to see his performance.. If you didn't buy tickets in advance or know a promoter you were pretty much screwed! The event was sold out and the guestlist line was super long but luckily we arrived early enough to get in for free [: They just released their night swim event where the pool area is open outside of the club and the decor was just mind blowing.. This is definitely one of the best looking clubs I have ever been to! They had Manufactured Superstars spinning for the majority of the night before Deadmau5 arrived but I left before he began his session.. The Manufactured Superstars DJs were amazing but it was all house music so if you're not a fan of that then you will have a hard time dancing sober.. I am new to this genre of music so I stayed for a little while but never actually got into the swing of things.. The club was packed and you literally couldn't move much without hitting someone next to you, and there were many guests adorned with glowstick mouse ears in celebration of Deadmau5's performance.. I would probably return here on a night where the music is more of a variety rather than just one genre..
3	I used to think XS was the best club ever... until Marquee came along.  Now, XS is overpriced and takes way too long to get in.  We have purchased a presale ticket for Afrojack during MDW.  With presale tickets, we waited in line for 2 hours.  Marquee on the other hand, we just walked right in.I heard the tickets for guys for deadmou5 was over $200 on MDW Sunday!  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!
1	its a pretty club, I would say that much- but they have no guest services and their bartenders as well as bouncers were EXTREMELY rude. I would never go again- I mean at one point they closed up both exits! I don't even know if that is legal but I started to feel claustrophobic because there was no way to get out and everyone was clumped together. When I asked to get out nicely (I did not drink anything because the drinks were so expensive so I definitely was aware of my demeanor) They told me to go to the other exit (which I found later was blocked too) and they let a party through right in front of me when all I wanted to do was leave.
5	Bottle service hoppin' HAAAY. When you imagine what clubbing in Vegas must be like.. this is totally the place.
5	This club is big and beautiful.  Lots of poles for the ladies and a great pool.  I love this club!
5	I like the gambling tables by the pool.  I like how it starts out at $25 early in the night, and ends at $200 by midnight.  I like how more people play when it's $200 and when they can't tell the difference between an Ace and a 10.  They should have poker tables at XS.I like this place.  If I have to go to a club in Vegas, I would rather come here.  What I don't like is how a round drinks miraculously increases in price three hours later for the same round?  Weird... I guess the drink prices are like their gambling tables, the price goes up as the night progresses.Who cares though, this place is cool because of the large outside pool area.  $50 to get in on Memorial Day weekend?  What a bargain, I am totally there.
3	This venue is really nice I have to admit. But the music ehh... The wait in line for "guestlist" was about an hour. I'd rather pay the $30 cover charge than wait in a line that wrapped around 3 corridors. By 1am, their "system" crashed and the bar was cash only. WTF?!! I was sober by then. I will update this review as soon as my ass gets back to vegas, Im sure this venue is good, I'll give it another shot.
4	When my girlfriends and I visited XS on a Saturday night we met an Asian TV star and a New Orleans group of guys who were friends with an executive of Encore.  Needless to say we had a fabulous evening.
5	Combined with the pool area, it's a perfect marriage. The crowd is beautiful.  Ideal for meeting new people and the music tooned perfect mixes of the latest and greatest. It's a definite stop going to Vegas everytime.
5	Best NightClub in Vegas! No complaints. Go in a group and get bottle service. youll enjoy it a lot more.
3	Definitely not my favorite club in Vegas. I'd recommend Surrender or Marquee over it any day. The bouncers outside were extremely rude. My friends got out of line to use the restroom and when they returned the bouncers made them go to the end of the line. The drinks are terribly overpriced. My friend payed $17 for a vodka Red Bull. There were a couple of redeeming qualities, but they wouldn't necessarily make me return:-They didn't check our bags, so my friend was able to sneak in a small bottle of Patron.- One of the dancers was AMAZING. I couldn't take my eyes off her the entire night.Okay, maybe I would return, but only to gawk at the beauty dancing in front of me.
4	The only reason why I'm writing a review on this is because I love the drinks here. It's weird because you would go to a bar instead of a club and rave about their drinks but XS just hits the spot. I had my first White Russian here and the one back home in Cali did not taste the same at all. My girlfriends and I would have to agree on this. My friend had someone buying her a drink so she got the Tokyo Tea because she wanted to get hammered fast. We all hate that drink because it's pretty strong. But dude, XS did it right once again. They make THE best Toyko Tea ever. It really is one of most dreadful drink but here, they make me crave it!It's a great club to go to, a lot of GQ guys for us girls, good music and perfect for summer. XS hosts 'Night swim' every Sundays too as well, so make sure you come here in your swim gear!  I come here every single time I visit Vegas which is very often. See you during EDC weekend! ;D
5	Ah, it's always a good night at XS. Everything about this club is beautiful and luxe -- the venue, pool, music (Steve Aoki was spinning!), and people. Definitely the place to hit up when you're in Vegas!The photos and reviews speak for themselves, but I'm actually going to write about the MIRACLE the lovely restroom attendant performed on Sunday night. While I was on the dance floor, the front strap of my heel ripped, rendering my heels useless. I was disappointed because I loved these shoes and did NOT want to leave the club so early on my last night in Vegas.I lost hope, but went to the ladies room to see if there was any chance that my shoe can be saved. The restroom attendant (I forgot her name, boo!) heard me out, sifted through that magic bag of hers and whipped out super glue. Less than five minutes later, my heels were intact and I ended up dancing for another hour or two before leaving with the girls. My heels are STILL intact and I am still in utter amazement!So yepp... ALWAYS a good night at XS!
4	Top tier club on the strip. If you're a guy have a hookup or a harem, otherwise download a new game onto your phone that will keep you occupied for a few hours!This place is gorgeous, the people are mostly gorgeous and the layout is immense. The first time I walked in, down those front stairs, I couldn't help to feel a bit glamorous.Dress your best, I've never understood why people insist on rocking up to clubs wearing flip flops and boardshorts, and then acting as though some great injustice has been perpetrated upon them as the bouncer denies entry. Be prepared to take out predatory loans for drinks...you gotta pay for the decor somehow. The bar's always busy, and if you have enough friends table service might be worth it. Otherwise tip well...which you should be doing anyway. The music's a great mix, and there's always some crazy visuals thrown in. Minus one star for drink prices and general cool person to douchebag ratio.
2	Never again. Every time I come to Vegas, I'm always eager to go to the clubs. After this experience, not so much.  Why this club? My roommate wanted to come here. Why did I dislike it? One, it's 2 AM and we're still charged a cover? Bleh. $20 down the drain. Two, men don't understand the term "Personal Space." Seriously? I was already upset by the cover (it wasn't my choice to come here), and so all I wanted to do was just relax, get my feet moving a little on the dance floor, but NO. Creepy guys of all ages just circle around me and just won't leave me alone.  Frustrating! The okay part, I got a few drinks out of a friendly older gentlemen that just wanted some company at the bar. Next time I'm sticking to my familiar small lounge/ bars & perhaps not such a hyped up night club. Side note: If you're throwing up in the bathroom, the staff will kick you out. The girl next to me was being hounded by the staff to unlock the bathroom door so they could kick her out. Whoa.
5	PROS:THE LINE MOVES FAST IF YOU GET THERE BEFORE 11.THE MUSIC IS POPPIN ALLL NIGHTEVERY NIGHT I HAVE BEEN THERE, THE DJ HAS NEVER REPEATED A SONG MORE THAN ONCE THROUGH THE WHOLE NIGHT..THE MUSIC IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HEARD..ALWAYS BANGING ALWAYS NEW ALWAYS FRESHTHERE IS FRESH AIR FROM THE OPENING TO THE POOL AREAAWESOME VENTILATION NEVER WORRY ABOUT SWEATING HERETHE PEOPLE ARE AWESOMETHIS IS THE BEST CLUB I HAVE EVER BEEN TO BY FAR...it keeps me coming back to vegas for more n more.I LOVE THE SCENERY- THERES ALSO A MOVING CHANDELIER IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DANCEFLOORTHE GO GO DANCERS ARE REALLY SWEETTHERES AN OCCASIONAL CELEBRITY THAT SHOWS UPYOU SEE MONEY FLY IN THE AIR AT TIMESCHAMPAGNE BOTTLES POPPIN IN THE AIR AS WELL HIGH CLASS ATMOSPHERECover Charge:Girls: $20Guys: $30-$50 (Depending on the night)Bottle Service: Thanks for the correction 475 (just goes to show that i dont pay LOL)CONS:I LIVE IN CALI.Actually, it gets pretty crowded on the dance floor. We saw someone get trampled, but that's about it...:) Still the best club ever.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I LOVE YOU XS...
5	This place is freaking nutts! Super mega club. Went here for LDW 2010 and maybe thats why it was overly crowded, but I didnt mind because it was crowded with more chicks then guys...drinks are average prices. Music was very good, as well as the outdoor set up.
5	I've been here at least 4 or 5 times and even though there are some newer clubs open now, XS still remains my favorite.Likes: Beautiful pool area, plenty of cabanas and areas to sit by the planters, packed with people but there's enough room outside to get fresh air and hold a conversation without screaming at each other.My only complaint might be that the dance floor is small and it's hard to dance when there's an endless line of people filing past you trying to cut through from the entrance to the pool area.  GO AROUND, people.The last time I went, the non table reservation lines started elsewhere and led into XS through the outdoors, so don't get too excited if you walk up to the Encore Shops entrance and see a short line there.
5	This was my favorite club in Vegas and one of the best clubs I've been to period. Gorgeous decor, plenty of lounging, great music, stripper poles open to anyone brave enough to show off her (or his :p) skills and a big-ish dancefloor, but the best part was the pool area. Nothing like dancing and splashing around in a pool, drink in hand with your best girls :)
5	i love XS. Afro jacked murdered it memorial day weekend 2011memorable moment: one buddy fell in the Jacuzzi while celebrating my friend's bachelor party
5	News flash:  Rich people live better, more fulfilling lives than their lessers.  Or at the very least, their parties are a lot more fun.  I didn't think this was true until I somehow happened to join a BBB (Billionaire Boys Bash) at XS. A feat accomplished through  some clever maneuvering by your humble author.Cue to the next day:  woke up with a splitting hangover, picked up my phone and read some ridiculous text messages. I call around until I find the least drunk partygoer in my group and am shocked to hear of the total of last night's celebrations!  Even in my inebriated state, I realize that this sum is greater than the combined total of every night out I have ever experienced since I became of drinking age...  or if you want to put it this way, the annual per capita household income in the state of Alabama.  For one night of partying!In the end however, discretion is the better part of valor. I suppose I should learn this lesson sooner or later.
2	As we all know, most clubs are only open during the weekends and select days of the week at Vegas.  So on a stroll out Monday night, my friends and I were looking for a place to go clubbing.  After visiting two other clubs (which were closed), we found ourselves at XS.  I've heard of XS being one of the greatest clubs for the 21-ish crowd in Vegas, so I was going in with high expectations.  But what did I get?  Pure disappointment.Let's start with the ambience. Indeed, the inside of the club is amazing.  The open-air club allows for it not to get too hot and sweaty, but it is also more prone to smoking.  The pool on the outside looked like it would be fun, but since it was a Monday night, essentially everything was closed off.  The bathrooms are nice and no wait time.So let's skip to the bad stuff.  For me, the dj makes everything.  Even if I am with my friends, if the dj sucks, then the entire night is ruined.  For Monday night, I paid $20 (yes, even for a girl...though I wasn't on the guest list).  And what did I get?  Monday night techno music.  I guess for some people, techno music is their thing, but not so much for me.  A lot of the people in the club were just standing around, looking aimlessly, not dancing, but more talking on the floor and around the alleys.  In total, my friends were at the club for less than an hour, throwing out money into the trash.  Basically, the dj kept playing the same track over and over, interlaying it with something else.  The dancers themselves even looked bored.Around halfway when we were they, the dj changed, so we crossed out fingers, hoping that it would be better...but.....no, it got worse.  Not only was it still techno music, but it was slow techno music.  At that point, I called it a night and we left.Another negative was no seating on the outside, but that could be because it was closed on Monday.  I could see how it could get better on weekends, so I'm still going to visit at least one more time in the future.  Just...be smart and don't go on weekends..unless you like techno.
4	I'm one of those people who wouldn't normally be caught dead in a Vegas nightclub, but XS was tons of fun.  Came here with four other guys, so we knew we had to get bottle service to get in. Thankfully my friend had a contact here, so the price was right. There were loads of trollopy looking girls assembled near the entrance, trying to get in on some hapless dudes' bottle service. One of these girls was literally sucking on a lollipop (!!).... For shame!  On our way in, a bouncer made a crack about us only getting one bottle for "eighteen guys."  Whatever dude - we all know at the end of the night you go home to a trailer park in Paradise.   This was XS' pool party so everything was outside.  The people looked good and the setup was definitely nice, but I felt a little overdressed.  For a regular night the blazers and suits we were wearing would have probably worked, but I guess not at the pool party. Steve Aoki was the dj that night and house fans were going nuts but the cabana area was just chill. Somehow my party roped girls into coming to our room but these girls weren't the "stop and go hoes" I was expecting - they were actually nice.  The clientele seems to be relatively classy (for Vegas).  Our cabana was on the second floor.  Some stupid girl had brought in a water gun and thought it would be cute to spray us throughout the night. Somehow I mustered the self control not to grab the nearest bottle of cranberry juice and dump it all over her, which no doubt would have gotten us kicked out.  But I did throw a cup of ice at her (!), after which her guido boyfriend sat next to her and sent scowls my way.  Dude, don't be jealous just because you're down there among the peasants.  Suffice to say, XS was fun and definitely worth going back to.
5	Pure adrenaline rush from the moment you enter the club. It's like I dreamed of the most outrageous pool party and then multiply that by two and you get the XS experience. The wait is totally worth it. Be nice to the bouncers. Be sure to get a Blue Malibu, and then cannonball in the pool after.
5	One of my Favorite clubs in Vegas!! Huge dance floor with a beautiful chandelier hanging on the top this place looks amazing plus there is a large outdoor area to hang out, never had a bad experience.
5	I can't believe I'm admitting this on the internet, but here it goes - for my sister's 21st birthday my family celebrated by getting bottle service at XS. Yup, I got bottle service at a night club with my freaking parents. The night had the potential to be a disaster, but it went off surprisingly well. We decided on one of the outdoor tables/cabanas on the 2nd floor. You could still hear the music blaring and still felt very much a part of the action, but you could actually speak to someone in your party if you wanted to and it wasn't crowded! The 2nd floor has it's own bathroom as well that never had lines. You could watch the masses of people and the crazy debauchery that goes on, but you never felt cramped. This was true VIP living my friends. Some may prefer to have a table in the middle of the club, but when clubbing with your parents I don't recommend this! Bottles were $500 or so each, not a surprise. I can say the service was spectacular, and we weren't jacked around in the slightest. I've heard horror stories about hosts reselling your tables, or having to wait forever in line despite having a table, or price changes - we didn't have any of these issues at all. Whether clubbing with a group of friends (or with my family!!), XS remains my favorite club in Vegas. The expansive outdoor space, the beautiful surroundings, and the generally attractive crowd always make for a fun night out.
5	First of all, I have never been to a club so organized with the way they handle people getting in. You stand in a line that goes fairly quickly and you are directed to walk outside to the club (general admission and guest list). If you have a table reservation you walk in a different entrance. Let me tell you, once you walk into the club through this entrance you stand at the top of the stairs and you see a see a sea of people dancing on the dance floor and then past them you see the outside lit to perfection. Everything about this club is spot on. Surrender used to be my favorite club in Vegas but this takes the cake. It is absolutely stunning. There is enough room inside, a large dance floor, somewhere for people to sit who don't have tables, and just such a great atmosphere. If I could, I would live in one of the cabanas. Whenever I am in Vegas, which is a lot, my best memories come from XS. I die for this place and can't wait to go back!!
5	this is the first review of mine that's not a restaurant, i had to do it because i had never had a nightclub experience that blew my mind like that.  i came to vegas last week for a bachelor party for my buddy.  he and a couple of his friends stayed at encore and planned a night of partying and drinking at xs, the club at encore.  being that we wanted to have that one of a kind experience here, we called the concierge to reserve a space xs for bottle service.  at $500/bottle, it is a little steep, but when you had a group like ours, it actually is quite worth it.  we didn't have to stand in the super long line for general admission for they had a separate entrance for vips and bottle service groups.  slipping some extra green to the bouncer bought us poolside seats at the club...poolside?  are you kidding me?  that was awesome...the space was spacious, had two huge lounge "beds" with one being in the pool;  the space was roped off and allows you to enjoy the outdoor ambiance which consists of a luxurious pool, the two beautiful lit up towers of encore and wynn and of course, the beautiful surroundings of people dressed to impress.  the bottle service was excellent, our server was very nice and friendly and was focused on our space even though there were others around us.  she really did her best at giving great service and it showed, we felt like vips, rockstars, millionaires.  probably the most important aspect of poolside bottle service, it buys you attention from club goers because they know you shelled out some $$$$ for the space.  if you want the ultimate club experience, shell out the extra green and buy bottle service, it's well worth it.
4	After having a horrible night at Chateau the night before, XS was a welcome breath of fresh air.  Yes, we had to wait in line - but it went quick.  Yes, we had to pay cover.  But I would still do it all over again.  There was enough room on the dance floor that I wasn't getting stomped all over.  Shot girls walked by so that I didn't have to trek to the bar.  The people were friendly and it was never too hot.  I would definately suggest this club!
5	This club is GINORMOUS! What makes it so special: The pool and outside area. - The Pool: It's HUGE! Plus, there are these beds  you can lay/sit/dance on for FREE. I gaurantee you will see at least one drunkass fall in (at least half way). - Cabanas: Cabanas are available on two floors. They're really cozy and pretty spacious. - The people: There are SOOO many people that come here. You will definitely see a good amount of hotties to your left and right. The only bad thing is that, because of this reason, there are a CRAPLOAD of people on the dance floor. So breakdancers... sorry but.. no space.
4	This club was dope!!!!! We came here for our friends bachelor party and our jaws dropped when we saw the pool area. We got to XS super early because we had a table reserved and wanted to scope the place out before it got packed. If you reserve a table you have your own server that comes to mix your drink to your liking, which was cool to me. The pool area is sick with plenty of private areas or tables by the pool. You can get your dance on on the huge ass dance floor that curls around to the outside of the pool area, chill out by the pool, or lose some more money playing blackjack or poker. The bouncers in Vegas are so much cooler than the douche bags here in the H. The bachelor was drinking from early in the afternoon until we got to the club so he was pretty f'd up by the time we got there, then adding crown and patron didn't help. My boy could barely stand and the bouncer saw that and kicked him out (30 mins of us arriving there) but we explained that we were from Houston and it was his bachelor party. The bouncer marked him with a stamp and said he was cool to come back it if he sobers up and the mark will let him back in with no line, he didn't have to do that and the majority of the Houston bouncers wouldn't of. We meet some peeps in Vegas and the club was full capacity and the bouncer did everything to try to get our friends in but the club was full capacity, another cool move. The service was second to none, the staff was friendly, the crowd was dope too. The only reason that it loses one star is because I like house music and all but it starts sounding the same after a while, a little hip hop would've help. Next trip to Vegas we are definitely stopping here.
5	One thing that I realized pretty early on with Yelp is that clubs generally don't grade out very well.  Well, clubs around the Bay Area at least; seems like in other cities (namely Vegas), they do better.  Although the clubbing atmosphere is similar (for the most part), I guess it's just the fact of being in Vegas that makes it different.  Then again, when you compare the venues, you can see why they're better.While I hate going to clubs that have a cover of some sort, there's no avoiding it in Vegas (unless you're a girl).  At least XS makes it worth it.  My friends and I opted to get a couple of bottles and table service since it worked out to be a better value for us than paying for cover and for rounds at the bar.  Plus, hard to put a price on being able to pass up the majority of the lines as well. XS is just a gorgeous venue, especially when you're not dying in that stifling desert heat.  There's a relatively plush indoor section with a bunch of tables/booths, the main bar area, and dance floor.  The venue opens onto the outdoor area by the pool, which is surrounded by tables (where we were at) and two levels of cabanas.  They have an outdoor bar that's closer to the dance floor section, while there's another on the other side of the pool.  There were some tables set-up too for any potential gamblers...and there were quite a few packing the tables.  Kinda surprising considering you can do that in the casino without paying cover, but maybe they were all just on a hot streak.The DJ spinning the night we went was pretty good - mostly hip-hop/top-40 with some house thrown to mix it up a bit.  The dance floor was pretty packed, and the crowd was pretty cool too.  Pretty diverse, and lots of pretty girls in nice dresses...a guy can't argue with that!  I would suggest trying to load up on drinks beforehand though.  Like at any other club on the strip, drinks can get pretty pricey...but just make sure you don't get too loaded before you get inside.  You don't want to get kicked out before you get a chance to get in.
4	The security are jerks. DJ was pretty good, the whole club is absolutely beautiful. Cover charge was a bit pricey for guys, seriously, what's new? Poor guys. :( Gogo dancers were pretty. There are cabanas, tables, & pools. It's a pretty awesome club, although the dance floor can get incredibly packed. Thank goodness for the area behind the dance floor!
5	the setting is just amazing. part of the club was inside while the other half was outside with a pool. but the best part was the occupancy level. it wasn't overly crowded like some other clubs, but still enough to mingle and dance with. I will definitely come back here again!
5	Been here 2 times. 2k10 Popped my xS cherry. Love it! great atmosphere, saw Holly Madison, Amare Stoudamire, Kevin Durant, and JaMarcus Russell poppin champagne.2k11 Popped it again for my 25th bday. Got fully hooked up from girlfriend's friend who is vegas promoter/knows the owner of xs so we got the full VIP treatment from bottle service, table, and got to chill next to Ne-Yo who gave me props for being so pimp cause my girl was wearing heals that made her taller than i was and thought i was picking up on a random chick being a certified cat williams pimp, smh. Only thing that threw me off about this visit was they played nothing but house/trance music. NO THANKS!Overall i love the club, atmosphere and best part it doesn't get too sweaty hot unlike TAO
5	One of your best nights awaits at XS. The sight of sexy beautiful honeys found inside and waiting to get in is sick! You might not believe your eyes. You will not see so many sexy women in one night at a club anywhere else. Not in LA, New York, Chicago or Miami, not like this. Sorry but you can't beat it. The line on friday and saturday nights will get long and crowded. Again, avoid this inconvenience by arriving early or opt for bottle service and you should be right in no time. If you find yourself in the General Admission or Guest List, XS management has made a few changes recently and added a second entrance just for you to alleviate the congested line, you now have a different entrance by the Encore registration area on the opposite side of the club. The main entrance is now only for hotel guests and table reservations. On sunday nights XS holds its cool Night Swim pool party. Swimwear is encouraged, you don't wanna miss this one.The most expensive and best club in the U.S and it lives up to its name. It is too much of everything.. A full blown state-of-the-art dance club with a pool, cabanas, tables and a mini casino. Surrender Nightclub might be its equal as far as clubs go in my opinion but XS is the club that started it all. It's elegant and upscale, the whole club experience and atmosphere is fun and exciting. XS Nightclub in Las Vegas has set the bar high. It should be the standard other dance clubs could try to measure up to. Don't try it Miami, New York because I've been to quite a few of your clubs and they fall short. Guys just be cool and watch your tab, it can get crazy here, I lost track of mine and ran it to $$$$ damn but it was worth it. I got lucky with one of the girls that joined me and my friends inside no joke. So have fun and don't forget you're in Vegas. Enjoy yourselves!
5	Do yourself and your friends a big favor and stay at Encore or Wynn. Pre-pay the night's cover charge ($30 - $50 per guy; less for girls) at the concierge desk the day that you want to go and you will receive your "golden tickets" right there and then. Show the bouncers your tickets and you will enter the club without any questions or fuss. I went with four of my guy friends and it was just too easy to get in. Ratio? What ratio? The "golden tickets" just told the bouncers to shut up and let us in. And they obliged. Haha!
5	I went to Surrender the previous night and notice many i mean A LOT of HOT Girls walking towards Nope not to surrender but XS. I was like wow this is a club I have to go to. Cover Charge for Guys:$50Me and my entourage went here on a Saturday Night. The wait was about an hr or so however once we gain entrance it was something else I tell ya. The club is indoors and outdoors. Indoors is where the DJ is playing and the crowd is up close and personal. Indoors was quite crowded though I didn't like it but outside seem more promising.In the middle of the pool area is where there is tables for you to gamble. The minimum bets here are higher than most other place because of the venue.The drinks here are pretty decent in price. I got 3 Henny and Coke, 1 Adios, and 1 Remy and coke came out to $72 not bad at all. The drinks were quite strong i l love it!The cover charge and wait is worth it fellas, there are far many Fine ladies here then most other clubs!
5	Great place to go when you're in Vegas. If you're hot and first time in vegas? easy to slide thru! Variety of alcohol is great, especially love the hennesy shots. Goes straight down you're throat, nice pool on the outside but man the club is something you can't miss! Nice lights, cute young gogo dancers, and great up-to-date music where it'll get your body to mingle! My first time experience in Vegas was this club right here and I had a blast. The restrooms are nice and so are the attendants. Cigarrettes are about 7-10$$ there but they have lights, reds, and menthols. I would definitely come back here the next time I take a little vacation to Vegas!
4	No matter how sick I am of this club, I always find myself coming back here. The drinks they make here is awesome. Thats one of the reason why you would find me coming back here. You know how a tokyo tea taste like? That disgusting strong malibu taste? well imagine the tokyo tea they made here is like a midori with just the right amount of alcohol. You dont taste too much of it nor too little. My friend's white russian and screwdriver was not so bad either. Their shots are what got us fucked up but when we downed our mixed drink, my friend just ktfo.   We were close to getting kicked out, but we were leaving anyways. (You could even see the security tailing us as we were making our way to the exit.) Even when we're having a bad night, coming back here to XS sure turned our nights around. oh I also want to point out that xs drinks are actually pretty cheap compared to other clubs. I went to surrender and got two drinks and it came out to be 35 bucks. xs, we got 6 shots, 4 mixed drinks for the price of 118.Alot of pretty people sure come here. It's a great club to mingle, and my friends sure know how to make use of that. =)
4	this is the spot.. if ur not into strip clubs.. XS is the place to find ur gurl!!!
4	I love this place, however 1 star is lost due to the lack of outdoor dancing space in the summer. People just end up lounging and sitting down, which is no fun when you can be dancing! Theres also no poles outside, haha! I've been here in the winter and the summer. Wintertime gets packed inside because its too cold to go outside. Summertime its so hot outside that no one really chills inside. Figures, right? Drinks are EXPENSIVE! 2 mixed drinks for $30, 3 shots of Patron for $50. Theres also a $20-25 minimum credit card purchase so buy a pretty lady a drink or double fist it! BIG $ SAVING TIP: They have ins & outs. Come early enough, get stamped, go to the slots, find a waitress and get some FREE drinks! Tip her of course because you're saving so much money sitting there playing slots. The slots are really close by too. If you get on the right VIP guestlist, guys get in for FREE.. which is always trouble for us ladies ;) Set yourself up with a good promoter who can hook you up. As for attire, call and check! When I went in this past Sunday, people were dressed really fancy and/or swim attire! What the heck, right?
3	The club itself is very beautiful, especially with the pool and the beautiful up-lights in various shades of blue and aqua. I came here with the hubby on a Monday Night, unfortunately, no one told us that you could only dance in the pool on weekends. The music on this particular night really sucked and wasn't really anything to dance to. The dancers seemed kinda dead, especially the one girl dancing on the stage in the middle of the pool. I don't get what her purpose was but she just sorta swayed from side to side and sometimes didn't do anything but stand there. It wasn't packed at all which made it seem less fun and quite dead.Oh well, I mean we both got in for free which was good because it was definitely not worth a cover fee if we weren't going to be able to dance in the pool. Unfortunately, it meant we stayed for less than an hour since we weren't feeling the music or the lack of much going on outside by the pool area.So my tips would be to come here on a Fri/Sat night and unless you wanna drop $11-13 bucks on a mixed drink or beer, have something before you come in and make sure that the pool area is open for dancing in. Also, don't forget your camera, because the photo ops here would be beautiful and it's a very nice looking club in general. I would probably end up going again IF we can get in free and ONLY on a weekend night.
2	Our group had reserved a cabana nearly one month in advance only to find out that it was sold to the highest bidder for $10,000 right before we arrived.  Adding salt to the wound, the gatekeeper announced, "Hey, at least I'm getting you in without any cover."Without a place to sit and chill, the majority of our group headed back to the communal party suite upstairs.  Determined to make the best of it, 3 of us decided to stay back.  It could have been a lot more fun with the rest of the group but I still got to mingle and scope out the place.  With two guy friends watching my back, I had to lie about restroom breaks to sneak away...
5	SUNDAY NIGHT POOL PARTY!XS should promote this more and more clubs should consider having a night pool party! So much fun without all the sweaty atmosphere that you'd normally find in a club!Came Sunday night (during EDC Weekend) for Manufactured Superstars and a good time. Got to XS at about midnight and there was a line wrapping towards the hotel convention center... XS doesn't have a separate pre-paid/hotel guest line like at TAO that helps your surpass everyone in general admission, but if you're nice to the bouncers/management, they'll let you skip the line.Inside, there's a lil bit for everyone!1) blackjack and crap tables next to the bar (play a bit for free drinks if you don't wanna pay ~$13 for a drink at the bar)2) go-go dancers on the bar and around the pool3) a dance floor (in and out of water) set-up in front of the DJ's table opposite the bar. 4) a large pool with beach balls, pool noodles, and tubes for a good timeThere are life guards on duty to keep things safe and towels available on site. Come in your bathing suit and have fun playing/dancing to good music in the pool. XS Sundays is definitely one my new found favorites, looking forward to coming back!
5	This was the first club I went to when I went here for the first time in Vegas. This place takes a fat dump on any San Jose, California club. I always imagined a CLUB to be like this. I came here for the EDC After party and Laid Back Luke was spinning. It was great. Not the type of place you would see people starting shit and wanting to fight over stepped on Air Jordan's.
4	I love XS. I'm not a fan of the indoor portion of the club. In fact, I'd probably avoid it in there altogether because it gets relatively stuffy and crowded.But the outside.. the outside area is amazing. There's so much room to roam and frolic when the mood suits you, and what's even better is that there's tons of places to relax your feet without bouncers telling you that it's a bottle service only area.They have so many tables that initially they ushered us to a daybed/ enclosed area right amidst the pool. After that area got sold, they gave us our own cabana. And their cabanas are impressively large. Granted, I'm sure that us being 25 girls was likely a large determining factor. Even club-o-phobes can appreciate the less pretentious atmosphere that envelopes XS. Everyone's too busy having fun amongst their group to even prowl the crowd. We were able to  enjoy each other's company without having to swat douchebages away. Outstanding design. I'm blown away with how well this club is put together.  Oh and TONS of beautiful girls. The guys are meh.
5	I heard the hype, I read the reviews, I walked into what is an extremely beautiful nightclubs. There are 2 entrances to the place.  A bottle service, cabana entrance, hotel residence and the other one which is guest list and regular entrance.  The lineup is an amazing sight.  There are beautiful people everywhere.  You need to come dressed and with a smile.  Don't show up with your stupidly drunk friend as you will be sent home.Visually you'll not step into many clubs in the world as beautiful as this place.  It has an indoor section with dance floor, tables, go go dancer...gorgeous go go dancers, poles for people to dance on and a nice bar.  There is an entrance to the outside which is even larger which has pools, a bar, a large open space and a cabana area which you can rent so that your friends can hang in and bring girls around to :)There are beautiful people everywhere.  One of the things I noticed is that there is a pretty good mix of guys and gals which the staff does a good job of allowing in.Drinks are expensive so you may want to opt for bottle service if you have a good number of people or money to burn.  If you get a cabana they come with a hot hostess and they're pretty damn cool.  You also never know who you'll run into at XS!!!Come check out XS at least once with an open mind and you'll have a fun time.
3	I yelped clubs in Vegas to find out the best one for my first night there and came across this one. The LINEEEE was so long but I was able to go through the VIP line for a small fee, so I was cool with that. I can't remember how much I paid but it wasn't too much. The club was huge and it was so many people but I still had fun. The only reason I'm not a fan was the music. Im not sure what it was ..house music or techno but I can't listen to that all night.
3	When in Vegas, you have to hit up a club or two, or three, or four...You know what im getting at yelp peeps. But anyways, we rolled into this club and it started off with house music banging from speaker to speaker. The problem is, it continued throughout the entire night. When you have the dancers right next to the DJ getting confused and not going along with the dance moves, you know you have to change it up.The drinks were tasty as always. No worries on that end. The pole dancers were nice as always and kept everyone entertained when the music started to confuse to peeps. The outside is amazing! The pool section is awesome, so when you feel like a stuffed sardine inside, peel yourself away, and float on outside.With the right DJ, the dancing woul be off the hook. Not saying the DJ was bad, but sometimes you have to mix the house music up with a little bit of Pit Bull and some old school.
4	Been a couple times but last Sunday was nuts! This is a place to see & be seen, foreal! It's a place where you get to see just about everything Vegas has to offer... my wife & I just kick back and gotta laugh at some of the naughty things we've seen here, especially on the dance floor.Great venue but they really shouldn't have placed the DJ booth in-between the dance floor and pool view. It cut off one of the major veins to outside so the side door was one big traffic jam.Cover is $30 for girls & $50 for guys but you can talk your way down if you got females with you (unless they're fugly!), just see one of the line hosts. Also try to find passes on the strip, which may or may not work. The line is usually long but it moves swiftly and be prepared to WAIT for drinks too. If you find the right spot on the inside dance floor ceiling AC vents will point right at you... find those spots!
5	World-class. Incredible. THE BEST I've seen yet. Raising the standard for the world's nightlife scene, XS is one of the most exclusive, opulent and breathtaking clubs ever, located in the Wynn, Vegas. I'm a huge nightlife fan and have made it a priority to go to many of the top clubs of the world (Berlin, Ibiza, Miami, much more!), and XS is really something else. It's so amazing I could go on forever, but instead, I'm just going to say: Experience it for yourself. You'll be glad you did. Voted #1 Nightclub in the USA - 2010 Nightclub & Bar Top 100
4	I actually wanna give XS 4.5 stars, it would've been 5 if I hadn't encountered this blonde haired douche bag in a suit yesterday night who was directing the line. He was soooo rude. I was taken back because XS is, in my opinion, the best club in Vegas, and this asshole had no place working in an upscale club like XS. On top of usually nice staff and beautiful decor, they play really good music and I've never had a better time in Vegas anywhere else.I been to XS, Idk how many times now, but going there is a MUST! XS has a more sexy feel than the other clubs. Definitely somewhere you wanna wear your best LBD at.
4	I danced on a pole and now my friends have incriminating pictures of me.Other than that, beeeeautiful venu and fun fun times.
4	This place is pretty awesome. Went here on Saturday night to blow it up one final time in Vegas. Since we stayed at the Encore, you can pay for line passes and side-step the chaos. As mentioned by another Yelper, it did feel so damn good to cut in front of the mile long line and go straight in. Dance floor is a nice size but like any club in Vegas eventually it gets packed. Plenty of stripper poles for the girls to do their thing. Two Vietnamese girls got on the pole and ask my girl to join in, she was too sheepish but it would have been great if she did. I also liked the fact, if you need a break from the action inside the club, you could go outside. It's still crowded outside but more space for you to breathe. But also there's chairs and ledges you can sit on. Plus, the girls can dip their feet in the pool. The one thing that stops it from being perfect...the music. For me, a tad too much techno/electronica/dance etc. If the DJ mixed in some more hip-hop beats, it would have been sublime. What makes this place memorable for me is that I saw the greatest thing ever. As the GF and I was weaving through the dance floor. A little, cute old Vietnamese lady ,that resembled my mom, was being escorted hand-in-hand by a pack of hot ass blondes and dark-hair brunettes through the dance floor. I yelled out at her upon this sight of incrediblness and she even heard me. Bless her small, club going heart... So...Decor, sexy & gorgeous. Scenery, sexy & gorgeous. Bartenders, sexy & gorgeous. Service was sexy and attentive. Been wanting to go here for awhile. I finally got the chance on our final night in Vegas, it didn't disappoint. Grab your credit card & cash then go here.
4	I celebrated one of my friend's 21st birthday here the weekend of Easter and it was PACKED. The line was miles long (ok, not really but long enough to make your feet hurt just walking to the end of the line) but thank god I was in a group of 5 girls, we didn't wait at all in line and got in for free.It was most of our first time experiencing nightlife in Vegas and we were all excited to check out what all the hype about this place was about! I must say, it was such a surprise to see how packed with people it was compared to Surrender which we were there just few hours before.. The music was good and the interior decoration was amazingly beautiful! It kind of sucked that these Vegas clubs do not offer many places to sit unless we buy tables... Because I think we can all agree that running around and dancing in heels all night is not really the best feeling in the world. But beauty is pain, it's just what us girls must do, haha!
5	Probably the best of the mega-clubs in Vegas!It's a huge place and as soon as you walk in, you know they did their homework in terms of how to make the place look grand.IF, and of if, the weather is nice and not one of those 90+ degree nights, bottle service near the pool is probably the best.  There's an outdoor DJ, beautiful pool (can't go in), and plenty of eye candy all around.  I've been lucky enough to have had a table at the cabana, the round couches, and the normal tables.  If you want more privacy, then cabana is the way to go or else the round couches near the edge of the pool is a nice option, but it is a bit hard to stop randoms sitting down.  Even had someone stole our bottle once, but good thing the bouncer got the dude.  Fool.As for bottle service inside, unless you get the roped off tables, it's a mess.  As the night goes on and more come in, the inside & dance floor is an absolute zoo.  It's so crowded that it's pretty damn hard to walk through, so it's easy to feel cramped.Drinks are around $12-15.DJ's good, and now there are some big name EDM DJ's that'll perform here.There are also tables in the club near the pool and it's a dangerous place to be especially if you're drunk haha.  Table minimum is $25 at the beginning of the night and it can jump up to $100!  The only good part is you get to order free drinks just like playing table games at the casino, that is, if you last that long :PAs usual, bouncers are pretty douchey, so don't mess around.  Guys, best go in with a group of girls, at least 1:1 ratio and prepare to pay cover!  Best to come early too since I've seen the line... go quite far.
2	Yes, it is the most expensive club ever built and yes, they gross more $$ than any other club in the country. That being said I had much higher expectations, and I have much higher standards. In short, the lighting, ambience, pool and barstaff would earn XS 7/5 stars... but they lose 4 of those. What XS gains in notoriety and prestige, they lack in logistics, personality and judgment.Upon arrival you find a confusing set of lines that took 30 minutes (Sober) to differentiate and walk from one to the other. Security is rude, not even allowing you to stand in the lobby for a minute before you are barked at. The staff inside the club is no better. 95 degree evening weather and drunken patrons warrant ice water poolside, as Drai's in Hollywood once offered me. What you find at XS  is $8 bottles of water. I'm pretty sure fire code requires a second exit in a club (expecially when booked past capacity). It took 20 minutes for us two ladies to reach the exit, and when we tried to take a short cut out security practically ripped our heads off!This isn't Hollywood, the velvet rope doesn't part because you are beautiful or because of who you are. It's all about the Benjamins at XS. The girls wait in line and pay a cover too. But if you can't afford bottle service and you don't want to wait in line behind 100+ people at 1 a.m., use your brain and you will figure it out. Better yet if you want to check out a hot new Vegas Club on the Strip, go to Marquee.
5	Tip for Encore/Wynn hotel guests:You can go to the Encore concierge desk during the day and purchase prepaid tickets to XS Nightclub. Although prepaid tickets can only be purchased by hotel guests, you can purchase up to 4 tickets which means that if you have friends who aren't staying at the Encore/Wynn with you, you can still buy it for them since you can buy up to 4 tickets). There's a special line for hotel guests with prepaid tickets at the entrance of XS. We hardly had to wait on a Fri night at 11pm and basically bypassed everyone in the regular line.Now about the nightclub itself. XS is beautifully designed and thought out with two main areas: indoor club and outdoor area. The outdoor area is basically where the Encore pool area is during the day and at night it's turned into the outdoor section of the nightclub, which makes it really nice to able to enjoy your drinks and the music right next to the pool. You can reserve a cabana if you want. They also have a few gambling tables in the outdoor area if you wish to try your luck while clubbing. The main dance floor is indoors which opens up to the outdoor area.On Sunday nights, they have the Sunday Night Pool Party which means you can go clubbing with your swimwear. Most expensive nightclub ever built. Loved the concept and music. Beautiful people all around. Definitely worth checking it out.
5	U can go here any night its open but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND u go here on Sunday bc it's the best night to go there pretty women all over the F%$*'n  place. Most are friendly and down for whatever. Music was typical Vegas music, but I wasn't paying too much attention to it bc I was WACKED out my mind and when I wasn't gigging I was busy chopping it up and getting my lips bitten by random females I was hooking up with all over the club haha... The Indoor spot is cool but the outside area is hella nice. Wide open area such as Pools, beds, couches, hot tubs (which I used to seduce a few females that night) lol Drinks were reasonably priced if I can remember correctly but non the less a good vibe/environment. No drama or nothing just a good frikin time.
5	It's great being a girl in Vegas! My friend is a promoter and can get the girls in free. I was thoroughly impressed by XS and I could tell it's one of the top clubs in Vegas by how packed it was (it was nearly impossible to dance on the main floor with so many people inside)! The venue itself is beautiful with an outdoor patio -- bar, pool, and island with poker tables-- and a second floor as well. XS I'll be back!
3	Unfortunately for the designers of this club, unlike fancy decor, intangibles cannot be bought.  What's EPIC? You walk in to a club and you see everyone with their hands up in the air AND frothing at the mouth with intensity. That's epic - that's partying. You just don't get that at XS.  At XS, you see a lot of people wandering around, and they look sort of bored.  They are there to be seen and/or to say "I went to XS."   Not much drinking going on either.  I don't know what it is.. perhaps too many tourists? drinks too expensive? Fear of spilling the expensive outfit you have on? Lastly, I am a firm believer in dim lighting at a club.  It is a necessary ingredient for mystery, insanity and abandonment.  XS is brightly lit, therefore, intensity is handicapped. FYI:  1 Bottle of goose with tax and gratuity = $650.
5	I think this is as good a club as there could be in the world.  Gorgeous club, beautiful crowd, and a wonderful vibe.  This place was so good I gave it 5 stars even with a terrible celebrity DJ in the house all night.  The line was super long so I waited until 2 to go it, but I'm so glad I did.  It is the must visit club in Vegas, and anywhere else for that matter.
3	This was a great venue and amazing club. The reason I am saying OK is that I was outside in a cabana. We had bottle service and the service was brilliant, but it was really hot and outside did not feel like a club atmosphere. The speakers in the cabana were distorted and so you could not put the music up. I wish we were inside but it was $5k for a table, and the dance floor was too busy and like a concert with everyone holding up their phones to record Afrojack who was playing. Music was incredible, people dancing in the pool and loads of amazing girls, again just being outside did not help with mingling with people. IF you came as a mixed group you would have had a fab time.All facilities in this place were amazing. I have never seen toilet attendants so diligent, I did not mind tipping them every time I went in.I think the place gets confused with being a club and a chill out lounge outside. It does both and you have a choice...but only if you can afford it.Maybe need to go back on a different weekend as it was Independence weekend and so it was super busy.Apparently some guy inside bought 100 bottles of Dom, and was handing it out. Sums up Vegas hey..!
3	There is so much hype about this club and I was expecting to be really blown away. Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. It was still really good though.I really like the size and layout of this place. I want to compare it to Marquee's but their size and lay outs are nice in their own way. I like how the bar surrounds the pool and the "dance floor" and stage area are on the other end of the place. Also love the gogo dancers there! Minus their face, they're pretty hot. And they're super nice and friendly.Great looking crowd as well! No shortage of hotties. But then again it was a Saturday evening. Everyone wanted to be here. The music was decent: I forgot who was playing but it was house music. Only thing I didn't like (which a lot of people would agree with me on) is the huge effing line up. We thought we were lined up for one of their long ass lines and it turned out to be the line up for VIP people or people with tables or something. When they told us where the regular line up was, it was at least 3x as long so we had to wait about an hour to get in, even with our G-List. Oh another thing I didn't like: the dance floor up at the front. I've been to some packed places in my life but that dance floor takes the bloody cake. It was so packed it was just hard to breathe. Couldn't stay there for more than 10 mins. We had to take breaks because it was quite unbearable. Didn't pay the full amount to get in though, so I guess the G-List had some sort of use. Would I come back? Probably not. Unless someone I really love is playing. I think it's one of those "you gotta experience it once" to know. If you haven't been, you MUST go and see for yourself.
4	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  Love the open layout.  My friends and I ALWAYS have a good time here.  Music is great.  Beautiful crowd.  I prefer the spacious set up vs. musty indoor clubs with lots of stairs.  Stairs can be dangerous for us girls with heels..Anyways, check it out!
4	I'm only a fan because I like the venue BUT if you're coming from the bay area... I think you will be disappointed at the music selection for the first few hours of the night. The DJ doesn't start playing mainstream songs until 12:30-1am. Most clubs are like that over here. Guys, don't try to go on a Saturday with only the homies unless you have bottle service or know somebody that can hook it up. We went last week and we had 10 guys and 3 girls. The general admission by the way is changed now. It's on the other side of the hotel rather than in the middle (that has become the bottle service line). General admission enters outside the pool area. The guys in our group had to pay $100 to the promoter so that us girls can get us in for free and then pay additional $30 at the door. Otherwise, girls have to pay $20 on Saturdays, unless, you're HOT, then yea, you don't have to worry about it. Going to school in Vegas, we don't have time to go out as much and we avoid the strip as much as possible because of traffic. I have only been into this club twice (once back in January, which by the way, it is a very good time to go since NOBODY is there until midnight-ish). Overall, LOVE the ambiance but the music selection could be better.
4	Very beautiful and lavish club! Both the Wynn & Encore have two of the best clubs in Vegas. It's a must for any Vegas clubber to visit and experience the sin city night life. Xs sets the bar with most night clubs in Vegas and lives up to it's name. Only problem is drinks are expensive, and indoor is a little small with very little room to dance anywhere unless you got table service or are outside by the beautiful patio poolside. I was expecting a little more as far as the older rap music on a Saturday night. I would come back on another night and hope I experience dancing to a different DJ.
5	My favorite club in Vegas since it opened a few years ago--and it just doesn't get old.  TONS of bottle service tables inside and outside, a beautiful pool, casino, a pretty good looking and mixed crowd and good music!Never a dull moment here!
1	I am not a nightclub person, but somehow I ended up at this outrageously expensive stink hole. I could and will never, ever justify paying this much to stand around and sip cocktails with a bunch of well-off snoots. Buy stocks, help the homeless, go back to school, whatever... just do something other than waste your paycheck at this trendy club.The only redeeming quality is the outdoor space, which is set up quite nicely. There's a pool in the middle and I was really hoping that some smug butthole would get pushed into it. Alas, he or she did not, therefore keeping this review at one star. Who wants to spend thousands of dollars on a "cabana" when I can have the same private experience in my parent's basement? Invite some friends over and blast some techno... done. At least I wouldn't have money hungry hoes preying on my overpriced bottles of mediocre liquor.Avoid da club and go to the Pinball Hall of Fame instead. It's open late too.
5	Great ambiance, professional courteous staff.  I had a great time here.  I would definitely go back in a heartbeat.
4	Who doesn't love to go to Vegas & come to XS! Definitely one of the biggest nightclubs there.There were times where I had to pay $20-$30 to get in & guys had to pay $100!!!If you know a promoter, which is the best way to go, you'll get in free :)Whatever way you get inside, it's a great club, good music, pricey drinks though, but for the most part you are paying for the location, atmosphere, and the awesome surroundings!
3	Am I still qualified to write a review when we only spent 20 minutes here? Awww, hell, I saw enough of it to judge.We got added to the guest list for Sunday night by a random promoter we met. Drinks were included, too, but we arrived a little too late for that aspect. Didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes to get in, and was totally impressed by the sheer size of this place.We waited at the bar for a little too long - for one drink and some waters (let's just say ... we had a long day). Then we seated ourselves (too tired to dance).In the course of 5 minutes, 4 different douchebags approached us. From the crazy to the straight-up asshole, turning them away got tiring. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of screening happening here. I thought exclusivity was part of the deal? Or maybe not if you can buy your way in ...The place was gorgeous, I'll give it that. I would definitely give it one more shot on our next Vegas excursion, but on this particular night, we SO weren't feeling it. What a waste of makeup.
4	I like coming to XS because the club is huge (indoor/outdoor). Some days in the summer, the pool is open, although I've never worn a swim suit under my dress. They also have a few tables for those who want to gamble. Drink prices are comparable. I wish they would play different kinds of music during the night, though; basically, all house/techno. But, it's a nice place to hang out if you don't want to bump into people all night and for girls, there's usually places to sit, which helps for relaxing the feet after dancing all night. :)
1	xs= hype to the millionth power..i fucking hate this place so much mans...the bouncers here are seriously on some crazy ass power trip mode...and their not even real officers...i used to be an offier of some sort (dont worry what kind and where) and i never acted like these dumb ass foos...tryna act all hard with their barney suits...bitch please...get off your high horse and go get a degree...or at least a vocational certificate...yeahs i guess the venues nice and the outdoor area is big as fuck...but please this place is so stupid...theres only only main indoor dance floor and the outdoor areas just for lounging and shit...anyways the first time i ever came to this place there was no line...i walked in and they were playing trance and whatevers...dont get me wrong i like to listen to some trance here and there but alllll night??? no thank you. i like to hear some hip hop in the clubs from time to time to you know...so when i heard "california loooooove" i got excited....but five seconds later it goes "california love...beep beep beep...ek ek ek"...uhhhhhhhh wtf??? they turned my tupac into some dj tiesto like crap!!! ahhhhhh!!!oh i guess i have bad luck here too...every other time ive came here something stupid happens...whether it be the lines being stupid long, or the bouncers being total dicks and tryna bribe me and my peoples...or it being "over capacity"...
5	I've been here 2 times and I have to say, I'm still impressed by the layout, the lighting and the outdoor pool!The first time I was there in Sept. 2010, me and my BFF (somsom) got there early simply because we didn't want to deal with the line. Someone told her that the line gets pretty long. (I've must've been so spoiled as a photographer, I hardly deal with lines. if I had to get inline, I rather not go)After a little wait, we finally got 8 girls in w/out cover. (saweet. it's good to have someone in your group to have hookups in vegas. saves you moola)We got there close to 12AM so it was already insanely packed when we got there. The bar wasn't so bad though. Me and a girlfriend of mine want to order a drink at the bar that was in the middle of the pool. We didn't have to wait that long to get a drink. We hung out there for a bit and relax outside the crowd. My friend got her foot wet in the pool a bit. (I had straps for heels, it was going to be alot of work for me to take it off then put them back on so I stayed dried.)Eventually we made our way back to the table and hung out there a little bit more. By this time it was a little past 2AM and we wanted to make one more stop before the nightclub ends so we left.The music is ok, nothing impressive but not bad enough for me to never come back there again.It's a cool spot. I like it. I think it's most girls' favorite spot because of the pool. I like it and I would return for another round if/when I'm in town again.
2	3 out of 4 times going to XS the DJ wasn't good. House music seems to be overtaking hip hop in Vegas so I have to brace for that, but even still, who plays like 10 seconds of a song then changes to the next track? Just enough time for people to yell "Oh I love this song!" and then it mixes away. And I wasn't the only one in my group, or on the dance floor, that was frustrated by that.Its so popular and everyone talks about it, but dancing to the mix they have there always feels like work, where I have to tell myself to just go with the beat and try to have fun. I'd prefer going to a dance club where you can't help BUT dance. The pool is pretty and sometimes they let you go in. I was confused one night where people were dressed for the beach and still getting in the club. Guess I didn't get the memo for a pool party, I would have rather worn comfortable sandals than my heels. Makes me want to bring my swim suit in my purse every time... just in case.Bottom line, I'll go if I'm with a big group that all wants to go, but if its up to me I'll pick a club with better DJs over going to whatever is the trendy spot.
5	Loved XS! Great atmosphere and something for everyone. Whether you are interested in getting sweaty on the dance floor or want to take it easy and groove off to the side but still watch all the action. They even have a relaxing area outside by the pool where the ladies can dip their feet in or sit down and take a rest. The poolside planters double as extra seating. At other clubs any seating is prime real estate set aside for only bottle service. The music was decent. I agree with the other reviews that they mix it up a lot so you can't really get into a song before they've already changed it up. Plus there is an overarching techno beat that they like to overlay over every song.Only negative is the price. If you can get in free, good for you, otherwise it can be $20 for ladies and $30 for guys and the cheapest drinks will run at least $10 Overall, best club I've ever been too
5	XS is by far my favorite club to go to in Vegas.  When I go to Vegas (usually Friday - Sunday), we go clubbing both nights we're there and XS is a definite must for us to go to.  Plus, you know this place is bomb when the line goes all the way to the end of the hotel and never seems to be moving.Located in the beautiful Encore Hotel on the Strip, it's simple enough to find once you get in.  There will be signs up ahead and there's always a hotel employee to ask so it's not hard to find.  Typically, there's a guest list you can get on so it's not expensive, but there's NO guest list for Friday or Saturday nights.  Girls typically get in for free before around midnight, but sorry, guys, it's gonna cost you $30-50.  Sucks having a penis in Vegas.  The number of girls in your group will help with how much the guys will pay. Dress code for guys can be strict; guys, dress to impress - no dirty sneaks or looking sloppy.  You won't get in, or any other club for that matter, looking like a slob.  Just sayin'.  My friends and I usually get in line at around 930, just so we can get our stamps and then leave to go pre-game at other nearby lounges or in our rooms and come back at around midnight when it starts to get crackin'.  If you get in line at like 11, expect to wait a longgg time.  I've seen the line get rediculously long, so yea.Once you get past security and what not, you walk in through this gold revolving door (which is heavier than it looks - I know because I've walked right into it before because I didn't push hard enough).  You then walk up some stairs and you find yourself looking at the club and it's amazing.  Lights, tables, booths and the dance floor are what you see right when you walk in.  Towards the right of the entrance, you'll see a bar.  Near that bar is the entrance towards the pool/out door area.  The outside is amazing and my favorite thing in the summertime.  There are cabanas, small tables, a small casino area and the outdoor bar.  The cabanas are really roomy and comfortable.  The dance floor inside can get really crowded as in everyone is just rubbing against each other dancing and trying to walk around - especially near the entrance to get outside.  Lots of rubbernecking I guess, so dancing outside is my favorite thing to do.  The pool has a sort of shallow end, where people are allowed to dance in, but don't try and jump into the pool because you WILL get kicked out.  Just stick to the shallow end, which will reach mid calf I guess and dance your hearts out.  The music is pretty awesome.  A lot of house, and top 40 remixes.  You'll be dancing nonstop.  Well drinks are about $15 on average, but not surprising since it is Vegas.  Service at the bars is pretty good, seeing as how it's always packed.  You don't have to wait that long - ladies, with the right dress and sincere smile, a lot of the guys are definitely willing to let you go before them.  Haha, just sayin'.  Doesn't hurt to have boobs in Vegas.  The atmosphere at this place is pretty chill and somewhat diverse I guess - the crowd's ages run from mid 20s to 30s.  You'll definitely run into people you know (the best friend and I have had our run-ins with people we wanted to avoid here - "You're here? Damn, I thought I left you behind in Orange County."  Haha).  The people are really nice I guess - mostly because everyone's drunk and just trying to have a good time.  I've only encountered one incident where I had to break a fight between a friend of a friend and a stranger.Summertime is the best time to go to XS.  They have the pool and outdoor area open.  I went with the best friend Katie N. and Rian A. for my birthday in December, and they closed the outside bar and roped a lot of the area outside so once it got crowded inside, it was pretty much suffocating and claustrophobic almost.  If you're planning a weekend Vegas trip, DEFINITELY put XS on the top of your "Clubs to Visit" list.  You will not regret it.
2	I went on a Monday night so keep that in mind.The gogo dancers are entertaining to watch and the place is BEAUTIFUL! But, I can NOT dance to techno/dubstep/trance/house or whatever it is they play. I listen to some techno and dancing to techno is good for like 5 minutes, but it's just not my thing. I want my booty-popping music!! And, I don't know if this is common in clubs since I don't go clubbing often, but ... SOMEONE PLEASE CLEAN THE DANCE FLOOR! I saw at like 5 glasses on the floor @_@$5 of my cover was worth to look around and see the gorgeous club. Other than that, eh.Pros:BEAUTIFULOpen on Mondays!Cons:Expensive (it's Vegas, so that shouldn't be surprising)House/techno/trance/etc music (unless you like that kind of stuff)Dirty dance floor
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! So much fun here! This is a must for Las Vegas. I love the indoor and outdoor setting. Love the beds on the water. I love how there are so many people here to mingle with yet it isn't annoyingly crowded, and that's only because it's so big and roomy here! I love and everytime I come back to Las Vegas, I WILL be coming here!
4	Glad that I ended my night here with the Girls!!! Once you walk-in XS, uhhhmmm AMAZING! My Girls and I had a GREAT time. You gotta go here on a Sunday night, I guess Sunday night is their "pool-party" night! I told myself that I wouldn't get in the pool, but I told myself wrong... Heeey, I have no regrets what so ever, as long as my phone and everything inside my clutch didn't get wet.The first bartender that served us was acting like... let's just say a B-WORD! She clearly saw us waiting in front of her face, which felt like hours... and there was this one chick who just got there while we were waiting for HELLA long and she got that chick her drink. WOW, just cause she flashed her money at her face, really though. So I flashed my $$$ and she came and made my drink quick... I got my Adios, tipped her anyway and just brushed it off.Even though my Girls and I got in for FREE... it is a bit pricey, BUT I can't complain. As long as your having a GREAT time, everything just seems PRICELESS!
3	This place was a lot smaller than i thought it would be, but the decor is gorgeous.  definitely nicer than the other clubs that i've been to.  i know that there's a pool area to hangout and what not, but it wasn't open when i went =( my boyfriend and i were able to get on the guestlist for sunday night and thank goodness we both got in for free cause we didn't stay long at all.  music was good though (i actually like house music). wasn't the greatest experience here but i'll give it another try. maybe it'll be better with my girlfriends. lol
2	This is probably the busiest nightclub in Las Vegas. It would have been  impossible to get in with our large party if not for the appropriate connection. We got a cabana which ended up being placed on the top floor but it was the furthest from the main entrance.  The weather was unbearably hot and the club was WAY overcrowded. They would not allow the misters to be turned on outside our cabana and within it there was NO air circulation.  No member of our party could sit inside of the cabana for more than 1 minute and that was only to pour their drink. Drinks were incredibly overpriced, once glass of champagne cost $25. From our location you could not hear the music well, the sound system was terrible. They had a bad DJ that only played top 40 music.  While standing near our cabana, we heard many people with the same complaints. The club itself however is designed beautifully and worth only a 1 time visit. It is very large but even with its size was very overcrowded. Not a good experience and definitely not recommended.
4	Sexy club, of just the right size - in both square feet, and volume of crowd. We arrived early (having learned our lesson at Marquee the night before) and waited all of 5 minutes in the guest list line, before being let into - what would be - the highlight of our stay in Vegas.Everything about this club was hip... just right for not-so-single ladies who wanted to fist pump pool-side... to 'old-school' meets 'new-school' hip/hop/pop/rock.Seating came easy for those of us who were creative and easy to please, as we substituted table service lounge chairs for 'really big planters' that afforded a place to rest our sore little feet... and sore little feet is exactly what we all had after hours of happy-dancing - before finally calling it quits in the wee hours of a Sunday morning.P.S. If you're insecure about having an army of extremely hot girls in hot dresses with hot bodies, this is not the place for you... to bring your boyfriend.;-)
4	XS for guys:1. Drink before you arrive.2. Wait in a crazy long line.3. Enter to find you are surrounded by more guys.4. Pay $15 for your drink and regret not drinking more earlier.5. Get shot down by all the girls. Suddenly you wish you were at the craps table.6. Get drunk & dance. And then stare a whole lot at the hot go-go dancers.7. Club is getting lame so you decide to go gamble.8. Pass out in your room.XS for girls:1. Drink before you arrive.2. Take a WHOLE bunch of pictures because you look your best now.3. Line? You are a girl. There is no line!4. Dance with your girl friends. Reject all advances.5. After 1 hour..your feet begin to hurt a lot.6. Take off your shoes and dance in the pool instead.7. Walk back to your hotel room barefoot.XS is nice & VERY big. Half indoors...half outdoors by the pool. Yes...you can dance in the pools! So ladies...take off those killer heels and soak your feet!Music is typical of any club.Very similar to Marquee (Marquee seems classier). Apparently you can jump IN the pool if you want...but not on Fri-Sun. Or else you will get kicked out.
5	Loved it!!!!Expensive but It's Vegas so I am not complaining. Monday was service industry night. Packed! We were on the guest list so I don't know anything the wait or lines. The club is beautiful inside and out. Lovely decor. Ultimate Vegas nightclub experience! Do it!!!!!!!!
4	XS is thee best club in Vegas to have a good time.  It has a decor that will drop your jaw when you walk in....just amazing!  I hit up XS every time I am in Vegas.  I must warn you to get bottle service though...that's roughly $500 a bottle and depending on how many people you have...minimum bottle count is expected.  Wanna wait in line?  Give yourself an hour or so!!
4	My friend knew a guy who walked us in at 11pm. Awesome. I hate waiting in those stupid long lines in Vegas. We even got to dance in the pool by the tables. It gets too crowded inside, so I recommend hanging out outside. Don't worry you can hear the music from the outside.
5	Now if you haven't been to XS or are coming to Vegas for the first time and want to experience a great clubbing experience...XS is where it's at!-Sound system is great!-Music/DJ is awesome! Usually house mixed with top hits!  Good vibe upbeat and fun to dance to!-People who come here are typically good looking and dress for a Vegas club! So ambience is great!-Good ratio of men and women!-It has a big open area, so if you do not have a table, or even if you do but want to go outside for a bit and sit in the open air...you can!  And you can also find a bigger space to dance but still hear the music perfectly!-Club is beautiful! -Plenty of restrooms and they are kept up well-FUNTIMES ALWAYS!Never have a bad time or bad experience at this club!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas.  It's spacious and swanky looking inside.  I love how it opens into the pool.  I've taken off my shoes and danced barefoot in it.  Because it's so open, it doesn't get too crowded or stuffy inside.  The music and the crowd is great.  The downside is it's hard to get in for free unless you are a guest at Encore, but that's how it is when you're trying to get into one of Vegas' hottest clubs.
5	Hands down the best club in vegas.Everytime I go to vegas this is my must spot for Saturday night but I hear its great all weekend long, even Mondays!This place has over 1000 reviews so i'll spare you the redundant details and focus on my tips/advice if you're a first timer.If you're doing the general admission/e-ticket thing the lines arent as bad as they may look. I've waited in line on Saturday night (their busiest night) on regular weekends, holiday weekends, and major boxing weekends (mayweather) and have never had to wait longer than 30 minutes. It moves fairly quickly. Only time I waited longer was memorial weekend but thats just a well known crazy night and well worth the wait no matter how long it took. On any night you better get in line by 11/11:30'ish or all bets are off, including price of admission which I hear goes up after 12.On busy night the dancefloor can get completely gridlocked. Even though I like to dance I try to avoid that situation for numerous reasons. There is room to dance up by the main level of tables. Thats where i'll go if its too crazy. A place to dance where you can still enjoy the atmosphere without getting bumped into a million times.I hear lots of complaints about the bars but its not that bad. They get busy and it can be a bit of a wait but not too bad if you're good at picking your spots. I like to go to the one on the other side of the pool because its the furthest from the club.Drink prices? Who cares. It's vegas. You shouldn't be in vegas if money is an issue. Thats like going to the Oscars but complaining that you have to wear a tuxedo and take a limo. Please!Same goes for the dress code (guys). Dress to impress, it's Vegas, not some local watering hole in the middle of nowhere. As with most clubs in vegas dress shoes are a must. I would avoid wearing anything even resembling a tennis shoe, even if its a solid black/brown color dressy looking tennis shoe. XS has staff that will walk up and down the line and literally kick you out if you are not dressed properly. Dress at your own risk!  Music, I hear alot of complaints from people like myself who enjoy hip hop/r&b. Yes the DJ's will bombard you with house/techno/EDM but you just have to grin and bear it. Its the hottest club in the world so you just have to tolerate it. Once I start drinking I don't care. i'll even dance to it. I'm buzzed and enjoying myself surrounded by hot girls in a great club, I could care less what they're playing. Haha.All in all this place is kinda like the playboy mansion, everyone should experience it at least once in their life.I'm usually there on Saturdays during all the popular weekends so if you run into me don't be afraid to say hi. See you there! Cheers!
1	Okay, to make it short the facts:- 1.5 hours waiting- 50 bucks - drinks expensive as helllast but not least... THE PEOPLE:"undergraduate, snobbish girls and old sugar daddies". that's it. the music is okay, the location looks pretty good, like everything in las vegas. and btw - you are separated in two classes - people with a vip private super mega lounge area, and people without.honestly - one of the worst evenings in my life.PS: maybe this kind of clubbing is something "special" for rich snobbish kids from a suburb, but not for people who now what clubbing is like in europe. don't wanna sound bitchy - but i dont understand why people like it in this club.
5	This place is pretty awesome, it is even more awesome when you stay at the Wynn or Encore and can walk back up to your room without heels on. :)We got bottle service here for $600 inc tax and gratuity, the server was nice but we mostly could make our own drinks. It was kind of slow in the beginning we were in around 11 on a Friday night but then WOAH, it got packed and the place is open late! Totally worth it if you have a big group to get bottle service and have a small space to rest your feet, put your shoes, dance on a couch and go crazy when the dance floor becomes gridlocked with people! It's vegas, you came here to spend money so go all out!!
4	Very organized club, with distinctive amenities that suits the consumer...I.e an environment that is not too high in temperature, thus leading us, the consumers, to dance a bit more.
5	My favorite nightclub by far in Vegas and over California. It's grand, classy, and is quickly describable as a billionaire's pool party. Like everyone else here, every single time I go, all of my friends and I have an AMAZING time with great stories to come out of it. XS did it right! They got everyone to love their club and because everyone is happy walking in, the vibe is just that much better and crazier than other clubs. The atmosphere and everyone's attitude really is noticeably different than that of other clubs like TAO or Marquee. Keep at it XS! Keep your resident DJ who plays bangin beats all night long and keep making those drinks tasty and strong. I came here once to see Afrojack; the club was off the chaaiiinn crazy. Make sure you come Saturday nights. It's definitely the most poppin compared to friday or sunday. And another thing: I have never seen a club so well stocked in stripper poles! They know how to provide entertainment to the fine drunk ladies and men. Another awesome thing XS does is provide wheelchairs!! I don't know if it is common or regular for other clubs to do this, because I've only seen it done here (and I guess it says something about how awesome of a time people are having...). Yup, if you or your drunkass friend can't stand, they aren't quick and rude to push you out and let you stumble and fall on your way home. They'll roll you out like the drunk queen (or king) you are all the way to the front of the taxi line! What a perk!!
5	Easily my favorite nightclub in Vegas.  This place is beautiful and has an amazing layout. I love the openness of it , so even when it gets packed (and it will) it's not as bad as most clubs. I love clubs that are connected to an outside area. In this case,  you have access to the pool area and pool bar. The best part is putting your tired aching feet in the water, or you can lounge by the pool beds. I'll definitely go back!
5	THE BEST NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS.There's still a lot of hype over this place and it is all well deserved. I applaud the designers and architects of this venue because it's a dream club come true.I don't often go to Vegas but when I do, I visit XS. I've been here four times on 3 separate trips (twice on my most recent vacation). Each trip was with a different group of friends and each group raved about how great this place is!With a winning combination of luxury and music, XS attracts a diversely hot and popular crowd. But the best part of this venue is the layout, which is extremely spacious. There's no walking up multiple stairwells to gain re-entry or losing your friends in a maze-like club with darkly lit areas. While some of the club is inside, most of it is outside under the starry night sky. Everything is on one level, except for the second floor cabanas which have a nice balcony view overlooking the party.Even when XS is packed on Fridays and Saturdays, the club still has a lot of room for people to socialize, gamble, dance and move around. There's a shallow spot in the pool that reaches a little above your ankles. That's the popular area for the girls to dance at. I'm sure it's also soothing to their feet after walking in high heels so much.Sunday nights are awesome because they open up the pool as well. The stage faces the pool and you can party while getting your nightly swim on. The nice thing is you don't have to go swimming, it's just an option. You can either show up in your bathing suit or your dressed up attire. Sunday nights are definitely more chill but they're still able to draw a nice crowd.If you have to visit one club in Vegas, go with XS.
5	Get there early, but it's a must! It's the best club in Vegas.
4	XS used to be my go-to club in vegas, before Marquee at the cosmopolitan opened. I still love it though. I think that XS caters to a more diverse crowd compared to marquee just because the DJs here play a good variety of music..some top 40s to oldies like "Don't stop believing" which is always fun to sing-along/dance to. Sometimes it's too crowded and I hate that, but otherwise a fun club.
5	I've only been to XS twice and got damn it  XS is the best pool party in Vegas until someone shows me something better. The lay out of the pool area is absolutely amazing. The Wynn pool is amazing but it doesn't have addition of a club/pool party that XS and Encore offers. Luxury clubbing at it best with a splash of wack music but if you like that techno/house vibe then this is perfect for you. I don't think they play to hip hop crowd. The two times I've gone the DJ's played to the euro and the people who can't dance crowd but his Saturday that I went it was less about the dance and more about the mackin! Being outside in the hot 85 to 90 degree weather at night brings out the sexy and popular in everyone. I tell you this I was a sexy beast that night. Weather I was pretending to dance in the front stage area where the dj was located in front of the pool or in the pool getting my feet wet with all the girls and a handful of their hating ass boy friends. Hey it wasn't my fault they bought the bullshit; I was just chit chatting and shooting the breeze. Let me get back to the stage because I can see a lot of really dope shows being played here. What if they were to throw a few secret shows only guest knew about like Ye and Jigga doing a show or hosting a pool party that would be crazy! Now imagine all the cute black girls there in ankle high water cause they can't get their hair wait, or asian, latinas, white girls going crazy in their two piece, one piece, or daisy dukes going crazy at a show?And ladies just imagine what your type of guy would look like. You even get table service in the Cabanas or at a table on one of the many patios.  XS is a great place to go H.A.M really even if you got baby money...
5	It's an awesome, cool place with yard, outdoor pool and hot tubs!!! Had a great time with my girls there~~~ Make sure you are on the guest list to get in easier without cover charge.
5	That night was a blur, but thank god we found a good patch of grass outside for my friends to sit around and be wallflowers :)
3	I think we would have enjoyed it more had we been told about the sunday night swim thing. We were told to "dress to impress" and our promoter even texted to ask where we were. Come on, we're on our way!It was my first time at Encore and the decor was beautiful. My girlfriend and I had to walk down this long hallway after checking in with one of the guys. It was a bit like silence of the lambs with rowdy drunk guys on the other side of the rope. Not all the guys were cat calling, of course but it was enough to make us feel uncomfortable. Once we got to the end, we had to basically walk up a narrow path flushed against the wall with those same guys on the other side. I think they just wanted some girls to get them in. XS was beautiful with multiple pools and great landscaping. Maybe it was still too early but it wasn't too crowded with people scattered about. So why were all those guys waiting outside for?People weren't dancing but instead, they were sitting around or talking on their phones. A few were in the process of getting into the pool but it felt like prom with people waiting for the party to get started. We did a round, took some pictures and left for Bank. XS was too much of a multiple personality disorder for me to deal with that night. We were looking for straight dancing.
5	To me, this is the best night club in Vegas! Great music, drinks, and awesome deals on VIP tables.  I wish I stayed here instead of going to Marquee.
1	I was not impressed at all with XS.  its totally overrated and expensive to get in.  I feel sorry for the guys who have to wait in the super long lines that curve around the casino to no where.  Our group consisted of 10 people 5 guys and 5 girls.  The girls were allowed into the club at 10:30 p.m. (showed up at 10:00 p.m.) but the guys were not allowed in until 1 a.m.  I felt so bad for the guys because they had to wait in line for 3 hours and still have to pay $50.  The only way the guys could get in was through "greasing" the bouncers - pay them off $100 for a group of 3 guys.  They should just one of lines - the $100 bribe line.  Inside the club isn't that awesome either.  Its a rather small room if you pact over max capacity.  I'm sure they are in violation of some kind of fire code.  On the dance floor, there are so many people again beyond capacity.  People are super pushy/aggressive.  You have to be aggressive back if you don't want to get knocked over.  While dancing, this sweaty guy's bald head rubbed against my arm twice! It was so gross.I seriously don't think its worth spending your time there.  It might be better if you're with all girls but it sucks having half of your party (girls) in the club and half outside waiting in line.  This club sucks.
4	I've been to XS twice and loved it both times. The first time, the main inside club area was closed for a private party, so that blew, but this time it was open.Inside: BEAUTIFUL decor, BEAUTIFUL lighting. I love the rich colors and gold. The chandelier is beautiful, and I love the gold female figures that point their boobies at you no matter where you're standing. It can definitely get a bit crowded in there, but it was fun to dance on the actual dance floor before heading outside. The bar was busy of course, but drinks were actually pretty strong for a club. Music was just ok. Outside: The best part of this club. My girls and I were feet first in the pool in our hot dresses, dancing together with no one bugging us or poking their wieners at us. Yay for no weiner poking! Literally inside one of my friends had an awkward encounter with a boner. Overeager much? The pool is stunning, the view of the Wynn is great and you can play table games also. They had a girl dancing with glowy things, which was fun to watch. People watching was also awesome. The lighting outside makes it much easier to spot the sloppy drunk hot messes. SO fun!
4	I came here for Industry Night and had the good fortune to take advantage of having a daybed in the outside pool area. The indoor area was actually closed off, so we had great music and a fun crowd even though it was balls hot even at 2:00 outside. Had I known we would be spending all night out there, I would have shown up in a swimsuit like many of the other people did.The outside area is really breathtaking, with floating daybeds and pool toys. The interior is surprisingly small, and I can imagine that it gets insanely crowded here. As it was, it wasn't horrific and I was able to enjoy myself with good company and good conversation.
5	XS is the best club that I've ever been to in my life for many reasons. 1.) It's MASSIVE! There are a lot of places to sit and and a lot of places to explore. You're immediately welcomed with a large pool in the center, surrounded by lounge chairs and "beds." The interior and dance floor is definitely a site to see. 2.) You can always tell a club is legit based on their bathrooms. The women's bathroom has plenty of stalls, so waiting in a long line to go potty is out of the question. There are also a variety of hair sprays and perfumes lined up along the sinks for much needed feminine touch-ups. A bathroom attendant is also there to hand you paper towels after you're finished washing your hands.3.) There is a very shallow part of the pool where you can stick your feet in. This feels amazing after a long night of walking, dancing, and shoecide. It's also a great way to avoid those preying man whores because many of them aren't willing to take their shoes and socks off to get into the pool.  Keep in mind to get on the guestlist, arrive early, and have an even guy/girl ratio, otherwise you're not only going to have to empty your wallet to get into this club, but you're also going to have to wait in a 3 hour line. XS is the kind of club that you'd see in a movie or maybe even in a good dream. If you're in Vegas and are looking for a place to get your mind blown, XS would be at the top of my list.
4	I LOVE THIS CLUB!!! The ventilation is amazing (yay for no sweating while dancing), the place is HUGE, the venue is GORGEOUS, BUT it's so crowded on the dance floor...therefore -1 star.THINGS TO KNOW:1) COME EARLY! This place gets SUPER CROWDED and you can wait in line for 2-3 hours. If you don't//can't come early, try to get on the guest list or get in contact with a promoter that can walk you in (that's your best bet). 2) FOR GUYS: cover charge is EXPENSIVE! First time I came, my ex had to pay $70 to get in. The last time I went, my guy friend had to pay $60 and he was the only guy in our group of 5 girls and we got walked in by a promoter. Other than that, this place is a MUST GO! The music is amazing and they have DJ's that come in all the time! The crowd is a mix of older and younger people. But, like any other vegas club, drinks are expensive. I got shots for $13-15 each? yah for one shot. But, it's all worth it.
5	This club embodies what a Las Vegas nightclub should be.  As you enter and take in the enormous outdoor dance area centered around a large pool with a bar in the middle, you can just anticipate what craziness will undoubtedly occur here.  There is an indoor area as well.  The dance floor wasn't open inside, but the bars were.  The club is gorgeous and so are the people.  A group of us four girls went on a Sunday night.  We got there a little after 10 and there was already a line but not too bad.  We waited no more than 20 min. before a guy with a clipboard let us go to the front and comped our entry.  It's good to be a girl!Apparently, the pool is open on Sunday nights and a lot of people come dressed casually.  There were still a lot of people dressed to impress.  And then there were those who couldn't decide and wore board shorts with a dress shirt and tie...  anything goes here really.  By the end of the night, you'll see people in their underwear.  I'm not kidding. The music here was all house music on Sunday.  It sucked that the music didn't get good until much later in the night.  Which probably explains why the club got crazy packed by midnight and was still pretty crowded when we left at 3 am.
1	Went on a Sunday night after coming from Lavo.  They played house music.  We walked in and walked right back out.  Totally lost our buzz.
3	3 stars only because it is BEAUTIFUL... otherwise it would be in trouble in my book. Music is some of the worst, most boring, and un-vegas-like I have experienced. Maybe you are just supposed to stand around, drink, look pretty and hit on each other under their bright lighting, but this music is definitely not danceable unless you are very intoxicated.. maybe this is intentional to get guests to order more drinks. ugh.  On a spring/early summer/fall night when its not over 100degrees out this is a great spot to go early, relax, enjoy being out by the pool and the outdoor tables.. but every time I've gone I've left within 20-30minutes of getting on the dance floor... after 3 songs I'm bored out of my mind!!! Warning $50 cover and long line if you're a dude.  Not only is the music super awkward to try to dance to (ok i can only fist bump a few times before its not fun anymore) they have a lot of lighting which is certainly pretty but can be pretty awkward in a club when your dancing!I have seen & bumped into several actors/athletes here so if you want to see pretty people come here.. There's no more summer basketball league in Vegas so the frequency of athletes has probably gone down significantly.. otherwise I might be frequenting here more often just to stalk some of my favorite NBA boys. haha.
5	I've been to Vegas a few times, but this was the first time I went to XS Nightclub. I was a bit surprised that it was in Encore because I have been to Surrender before. Just the thought of having two pretty well known nightclubs in the same hotel puts into perspective how ballin' this hotel owner must be.We came here for a friend's birthday and I really expected a lot of trouble getting in, but it surprisingly went pretty smooth! Had no problems at all, walked in, paid our admission, and enjoyed the rest of the night.The venue was great! It was very spacious and well ventilated. The music was good too; nothing that really grabbed my attention, but definitely that house-y/top 40 dance music that everyone is going for these days. There's a huge pool and the bars are pretty accessible. The dance floor is a bit tight, but nothing you wouldn't expect from a packed Vegas nightclub.The most important part for me were the numerous places you can just sit back and relax. When you go with a group full of girls that just want to dance the whole night away, the thing that you really need most out of a nightclub are drinks and seats.
4	This is probably one of the most talked about clubs in Vegas. I had to know what the hype was all about. I was here with my fiance and a few friends whom mostly were girls. One of them knew someone who knew someone and we bypassed the ridiculous line and did not have to pay a dime. Of course, I bought that person a drink or two to pay my respect!This club kind of of reminds me of Tryst which is at the Encore; a sister hotel of the Wynn. It's huge and it has a swimming pool inside. The layout felt like Spearmint Rhino which is a gentlemen's club also in Vegas. I'll write a review about that later for you dudes out there! Anyways, they have few dance poles around the vicinity of the club. These girls can dance! We came on a Saturday night and it was straight hiphop. Good music but surely not ghetto like JET at the Mirage.For you single guys and ladies who's reading this. Lots of eye candy here! You better prepare yourself and get your game on at this place. You dress to impress and don't be fu**in cheap!
5	XS is now a favorite! The music has gotten WAYYYYY better, but I think its probably because they've got competition now with Marquee at The Cosmopolitan! XS is always a favorite...and oldie but a goodie! :)
4	ELECTRO / EURO music, SPACIOUS, HOT people, CLASSY UPSCALE club. MUSIC - Music is the most important part to me at a club. I came on a Friday with a group of friends, and even though its the coolest, newest thing over in europe and starting to slowly make its way over to the states, most of the night it played alot of electro fist pumping david guetta type music which to me isnt that dancable (aka grindable).ROOM / AMENITIES - Very spacious, there were poles located around the room for girls to dance on, and also there were always continuously 2 girls in the front dancing on a elevated riser. There's a pool in the background next to the outside patio place where you can have tables. Its a very classy place. I went to the bathroom, and they have all these different types of perfumes and mints for you to use afterwards! So cool. Never been to a nightclub (outside of vegas) That had that. ETC - I came a little earlier on in the night (11pm) so the lines weren't that long then, but when we left or when we would walk out to take a breather, the line definitely got longer. But there were always alot of people in the club. Like alot of people said, I expected this hyped up nightclub to give us alot of trouble / a long wait in line in order to get in, but everything went pretty smoothly and quickly. It is pretty expensive though. Ladies, if you can get one of those free ladies passes from those street vendors on the streets definitely do. But men had to pay $20 entrance fee.Also definitely *DRESS TO IMPRESS* you don't wanna look shabby inside this club. I think it would live up to its hype if it played more ghetto booty music (aka hip hop).  Note: i cannot review the drinks because I didn't order any; we pregamed the club thinking the drinks would be too expensive.OVERALL - I would definitely recommend this club because it's actually really classy architecture and i loved the layout, esp with the pool (that wasn't open that night) and the outdoor patio where you could walk around. Theres always a shit ton of people though, so be prepared for that. Hopefully the music is much better / grindable for yall when you visit, and hopefully the drinks are good and reasonably priced too. but the people are definitely HOT and there to IMPRESS. so you do the same too, aites? :]
5	Of the seven times I've gone to Vegas in the past year, I've gone to XS six of those trips and have never had a bad experience! The music selection is great, dancefloor is crackin' (sometimes too cramped, but the more the merrier!) and bottle service is plentiful! The only set back is how busy the bars will get, and I hate waiting in line. But as a girl, the more tables means more guys and that means more free drinks :PI love the setup of XS too. You have the dark and intimate environment of the inside, with plush seats and cramped dancefloors. Then you have a wide, open space on the outside. The pool is definitely a plus for when you need to cool your feet down, and that's heaven to a girl rockin 5'' pumps. Of course you run into the occasional creeps, but that happens at any club and it just means you're doin' something right hehe. I've even been here sober and still had an amazing time. Lovelovelove it!!
5	The 5 star review is strictly for the ladies. If you're a girl, there is no reason not to go here. You can get in free, listen to awesome music, kick your shoes off and dance in the shallow end of the pool. Beautiful girls in beautiful clothes abound and it is fun to be one of them for the night. Still, despite all the lovely ladies, guys may think twice before spending their night here. A ridiculous cover, interminable lines, and expensive drinks (you're the ones buying!). Plus, pretty much every girl I went with, myself included, and every girl I talked to was in a long term relationship and not looking to hook up or even really talk to guys.
4	I always have fun at XS. The pool is beautiful, the people are beautiful (for the most part). The music is really loud, but that's ok cuz who's there to talk, right? The dance floor is alright, but it's a fire department nightmare... the floor is also usually sticky, which is kind of icky, but whatever...The one thing I had a problem with this club is the CREEPERS! At least make eye contact or something first if you wanna dance up on me... don't slink over slowly with your friends and surround my group of friends while slowly CREEPING in. This has happened almost every time I go to XS, but I can't blame XS for the creepers...The girls here at the club are very, very beautiful, so this is THE spot for males wanting some eye candy to look at... for the females, not so much. =[Best way to get in: get on a guest list which is easy when u go with a bunch of your girlfriends dressed to kill. ;)I love the bathroom. You just have to be there to get it.
5	Wow what can I say? well this club is definitely 5 stars. Very elegant and classy and nice setup. Now the line is stupid long but me and my girls came an hour early and end up meeting some guy at the bar who just so happen to have bottle service at XS so we didn't have to wait in line.The only thing is I got kicked out the bar because my license was expired but I had my temporary license on me and the bartender gave me a hard time anyways :-/ but luckily the bouncers at the door was cool and me & my girls got in.The crowed was cool but I did notice a lot of asians, it was a saturday night. I don't know how much it cost to get in OR how much the drinks are at the bar but I do know you better get there early!!! Other than the asians the crowed was pretty mix music was techno (Ugh) but I just can't get over how beautiful the club is :) its a must see place and best club in vegas hands down :)PS: Encore hotel is very lovely :) and they have self parking.
5	I love XS! This club is the epitome of what Las Vegas clubbing is all about.The beautiful club, layout, the outdoor pool/water, heck you can even gamble in the club! Idk if its the particular night but the crowd was WIERD! I swear there were people on some sort (not surprising) but it sure is funny watching them dance. One guy was holding a lit glass votive candle and dancing in a weird swirly way. the wax couldve dripped if he was to go just a little crazy. He was in his own world...in the zone. so hilarious! Anyways, there are bunch of guys here who sort of just stand and prey on you. It's creepy. Other than that, XS is Fun and was memorable for me. I would definitely come again and don't even mind paying. I came to XS before they started having weekend GL again or something...while we were in line, it was funny to see so many girls get rejected by the host or the doorman when they were asking them in a flirtatious way how it is just a group of girls (2~5) and if they can skip the lines and get in for free. The hosts and bouncers all said no and that the only way to get in the club was to be in the line.I was surprised by this since i thought all girl groups get more priority, and these girls weren't that bad looking either. O_oIf getting in is an issue or you are a group of guys who do not want to buy a table, you can always go there early and get in line around 9~9:30 (whatever time the lines open) and pay, get your hand stamped and pre-party somewhere else or do whatever you want and walk back into the club through the "re-entry" lines which is shorter with no hassle and you will feel like some vip skipping the lines. haha :) Cuz trust me, by 11pm the lines are crazy!Also, a nice thing is when you do go in and out of the club with a drink, the doorman transfers your glass drink into a plastic cup so you can take it out of the club and roam around the hotel or wherever you are going.
5	Alright, let's talk about why we really love XS:- Watching the ugly guys hit on the drunk girls- Watching the drunk girls lose their clothes & shoes during the night- Sunday night swim!- Nice bathrooms- Gorgeous layout- Lots of securityThings we don't love about it, but we do anyways because the place is amazing:- Long lines (but not for me - woohoo!)- Overpriced drinks- Thismuch room on the dance floor
5	Quite fun whilst drunk.
3	Ok this is what I think....if they are going to have commercials and post signage that the dress code is strictly enforced then they should do what they are saying..... BUT I'm all about the pool and water so they should say swim wear accepted. If I would've know.....This was a great experience, REALLY nice, big, lots of space and great ambiance.....music was too housey....I really don't like the top 40 being mixed over with a house beat but it was nice and I'd be back.
5	Love XS....Beautiful club, great atmosphere........kind of limited on space...but otherwise amazing. We had a great time there. Loved the pool. Drinks are expensive but good. Great music.
5	I have found a new love and it's name is XS. Can't really remember much, but from what I can piece together, this place is fabulous...emphasis on the FAB. Went on a Saturday after pre-partying at Tryst and got right in. So much space to do your thang, be it eat, drink, dance, or get freaky with the hottie next to you. Great vibe, great dj spinning house (??, again can't really remember). But the lil jacuzzi and pool you can dance in are great. As are the cabanas. My favorite HANDS DOWN.
5	Wow. XS might be my favorite place in the world to party. Thank the lord my friend had some solid Vegas connections. From what I hear, it's hard enough to get into this club typically, but on Labor Day Weekend no less? Forget it. We arrived to a line filled with hopefuls that snaked out of the check-in area and down the long hallway. After some initial confusion, we found the VIP check-in located in a really random banquet hall section that backed up to the club. There was not one man in the line, which says it all about the nightlife scene in Vegas. Guys better have some really solid connections or drop mad dough if they want to party at the hot spots. The line moved quickly and we entered into the patio area. Drinks were crazy expensive, and although we had pregamed extensively, it was our last night of the trip so we wanted to go out big.We walked around a bit then parked ourselves on the patio for a while, where we danced, people-watched and just enjoyed the night. Then we decided to head inside the club, where will.i.am was spinning. I must have been walking around with a glow because it just felt like people were extra friendly and having a great time. I didn't really experience any of the pushing, shoving or bitchface that I had noticed at the other clubs that week. Our night at XS is just one element of what made for an unforgettable weekend with some of my favorite girls, but I am already contemplating my next trip out.
5	XS is byfar the best club in vegas and that's really saying a lot because there are so many clubs that cater to different types of people. but i'm telling you, XS is breathtaking and the crowd is always so much fun. walking in, you are greeted by a huge opening of their pool, with the dance floor in the middle. the first time i went to vegas, i've always heard about XS and being already hyped up about the club, i was anxious to go. I contacted my promoter and got our group onto the guest list. it's very important as anyone knows, to get a good contact for clubs. so we got on the list and our boys had to pay a 20 dollar cover, which wasn't bad compared to 50. and as soon as we walked in, the hall leading to the dance floor was already beautiful. us girls wanted to get drunk, fast so the guys headed straight for the bars and my girlfriend and i headed straight for the tables. yes, the tables. we have several lines, that works every time, to get us drinks. and if not, all we have to do is stand around looking bored and we get invited to a table. after that, the night becomes a fun blur and all i can think about is when i'll be back.
3	Was I really here??I am NOT a club person but it was my cousin's bachelorette so I had to party like the rest of 'em! Labor Day Weekend: $100 cover for men $30 cover for womenWaited in line for about 5 minutes until they pulled us and moved us to the front. As long as you are traveling with just females it is very easy to go to the front of the line. Inside was nice. Dance area with DJ playing only house music (UGH), nice pool. I don't know what I was expecting but this was just like any other place... Honestly, can't you just party in the hotel lobbies... seems the same to me. Which way to the $5 poker tables?
5	This club is amazing. Amazing layout. Very very popular in Vegas so, expect long lines. Very trendy. Awesome Awesome Awesome. You will not be dissapointed if you are looking for a trendy dance club.
5	Now everyone in the club gettin tipsy!.....................what everyone else said 5 stars.#1 club in vegas. been to trystbeen to rainbeen to taobeen to purebeen to the bank been to surrenderbeen there done that, staying at XS thank youTip:LADIES NEVER! NEVER! NEVER! PAY A COVER.YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND A PROMOTER NO CHARGER ;D
5	I'll always LOVE XS (Marquee comes in at a close 2nd) for its music, ambiance, and overall vibe. I would live in here if it was permitted!XS is the perfect partying environment; there are bars everywhere, card tables too, and not to mention the joy of having the pool's shallow waters to traipse through!I personally love the poles, our group made friends with a bunch of other girls because we were all working the poles and banisters...VEGAS, that's all I have to say.
1	IMO worst club in Vegas.  Spent $1,500 for a table and they would only let 4 people in, if all 10 of us wanted to get in, we had to get another bottle -another $750 yeah right.  So us girls stood in line and paid $25/person.  Walked in and all they play is house music - in fact they turned rap songs into house music??  wth.  The security there are ahoes.  There was 1 guy behind our group and he was talking over us to his group in front of us, so we did the right thing and let him go in front of us to join his group.  The security guard told him to get to the back of the line for cutting - even after we told security it was fine with us and it wasn't a big deal.  My husband got kicked to the back of the line because he was giving our other friend money for the bottle service.  Talk about powertrip.  The women that go there are the hottest in Vegas but I wouldn't spend a shload of money to be treated like crap and listen to house music, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
5	Been to this venue several times, I guess I'm due for a review. Like many have said before me, the club itself is pretty amazing (imagine 100 million dollars worth of lights and glitz.). Upon initial entry - huge space with gorgeous lights coming from every direction and beautiful people everywhere; a bit sensory overload if you ask me.  The club features a huge indoor space with multiple bars, dance stages and lots of VIP tables. But no worries, even if you're not doing table service, there are still plenty of place to rest (mostly outdoors, during non-holiday weekends). The restrooms are clean and for some strange reason, no matter how packed the venue is, there's never a line at the ladies room (no complaints there!).  The lady working the restroom is super nice so tip her well.  The outdoor area has a gorgeous pool, gaming tables, multiple bars and upstairs private Cabanas.  The Music at XS is a hit or miss for me because I'm not in love with Electro all the time but I've always enjoyed the live sets on holiday weekends; We went this past Labor Day weekend and had a great time to Will.I.AM & Manufactured Superstar sets. The only downside is it does get insanely packed and can be difficult to move around and I often wish I had shoe protectors (Manolos and spilled alcohol don't mix!). One thing I would like to say is that I see a lot of previous reviews complaining about the long waits and packed bars. Please take note we're talking about one of the best club in Vegas and possibly one of the best clubs in the world; long waiting time should be more than expected. You can always opt for guestlist (if available) or VIP host entry service. Otherwise, get there early if you want to avoid lines. There's no denying XS will be an unforgettable experience. We're already booking for NYE!
3	I went on a Saturday night with a group of friends after a friend's wedding, and it was okay. Super super crowded with okay music (top 40 stuff). There is no room to breathe or do anything on the inside, so that was awful, but it's really nice on the outside in the pool area, and it is so fun to be able to dip your feet in the pool and dance in the water. Hahaha, saw some guy fall in the pool, but he got right up and acted as though everything was normal, which it was -- from the waist up. Nice and efficient staff on the outside moving the line through. I got in for free, but my husband had to pay $50 cover. YIKES. The decor looked pretty nice, and the bright screen with the jumping colors behind the DJ was pretty cool. It was a pretty fun club and a pretty good night. We danced the night away and got home at 4 in the morning. Beware of waiting for 30+ minutes for a cab (yes, even at 4 am!) after getting out of the club. Also, there was some confusion as to where to go to get into the club, because there were two entrances to the club. Ask for the main entrance to be safe! There is another entrance that provides easier access to the pool, but most of the time, they make you go around the corner to the main entrance anyway.
5	Sunday nights are off the hook.  Sunday night pool party was by far the best night.  Saturdays are always great, but too crowded. Great crowd and a ridiculous dj.  Went to marquee Saturday night this time around.  Great place, but no where near XS.
5	Went here when i went to Vegas after turning 21.  Good feel to this club.  Can get really packed, so try to get there early and stick with your group.  Or perhaps try to have a meeting spot outside somewhere.  The drinks were pricey, but hey, we're in Vegas!  I think the cover for guys increases as the night progresses, but I'm not completely sure.  I know a few of my guy friends said they had to pay $100 after midnight.  So my group avoided that by getting there earlier than normal.  Good music and good people.  Vegas, baby!
5	XS ranks in my top 5 favorite places in the world! and i'm not kidding. I've always had an amazing time  here. I'll be honest, i'm not sure what the line situations are like cause i'm typically wasted by that point but I'm almost positive i've never waited. Get on the guest list or in with people with a table. There are so many clubs in Vegas but I always come to XS because the space is beautiful and a guaranteed good time! love love love XS
4	Love XS!  Gorgeous venue with beautiful waitresses and great music.  I went on Friday, loved it, checked out Tryst on Saturday, was underwhelmed, and returned to XS.  The venue is amazing - it has this indoor/outdoor thing going on with a gorgeous pool that you unfortunately can't step in unless you have one of those little pods in the pool (lame).  The only reason this place kind of sucks is that it gets PACKED inside.  Too packed to move, really.  And since the venue is so popular, there are of course a fair # of skeezeballs along with the hotties.  All in all, a good time in Vegas, though.
1	This 1 star rating is for the VIP Host by the name of Kalani.If I didn't have this unfortunate dealing with kalani, XS would've probably gotten 5 stars from me.  The Club is very nice, outdoor pool area and table games is nice, music was cool, crowd was cool.  Not much negative to say about the club itself besides the fact that it was SUPER Packed, but hey, its supposed to be one of the most poppin clubs in vegas so I can't complain about this too much.  Here's the deal with Kalani.  I had reserved a table with 3 bottles for me and my buddies through a promoter.  He passed on my info to Kalani and I got a text the day before confirming the table and our price minimum.  I responded quickly to confirm and he says make sure were there by 10:30 and to call him when we arrive.  So far so good.Anyways, we get there early, around 10.  I call him and communication is pretty horrible, not his fault, it was loud and there was already a long line.  He says come to the front of the general admission line.  I look for him for a while and after some confusion we finally meet up.  He tells another host to take care of my group so we go through and pass the entire line and get let into the club.  So far so good.Now, were in front of the cashier and my friends are just waiting for me since I'm organizing all of this.  Keep in mind, this is my first time trying to get a table in vegas.  So one of my buddies asks if I got a receipt slip from Kalani, i didn't, so i go back out and ask kalani what were supposed to do.  He finishes helping the dude before us and starts writing on the receipt slip and communicating with his ear piece.  He repeats my name into his mic and proceeds to say "His name is Sennett, s-e-n-n-e-t-t, he's in the system".  And a minute later, he looks over and says, sorry man they don't have your table.  I look at him with a perplexed look and say, "what?, what are you talking about".  ANYWAYS... He proceeds to tell me and my group to pay the cover to get in, and that a table should open up in an hour and that he would reimburse our cover and give us our originally agreed upon table minimum.  He says he will stay in contact with me via text.  At that point, I realized that we had just gotten fucked over and that we weren't getting a table.  I felt bad and responsible for me and my friends not getting a table.  We paid the cover and got in and of course did not hear anything back from Kalani.  Ended up still having a pretty good time but that started our night off at XS in a sour manner...
4	Great club, and since everyone knows it's great, it's very crowded.I repeat, very crowded.  I have never had so much trouble moving from one end of the club to the other.  ANYWAY.  We got here around 10:30, and got in right away because we were all girls, so they pulled us from the line.  Oh, the line, by the way, is ridiculous.  I would never, ever, ever wait in that line.  I'm glad we were with all girls.  We got in right away and proceeded to check out the inside of the club.  Lots of people, bars were very crowded, and the dance floor was packed.Drinks, as always, are very expensive, so beware.  But there are plenty of people that will buy you them. Haha.  One of my FAVORITE things about this club is that you can go outside, get some fresh air, and take off your heels and wade in the water.  It feels glorious on aching feet, and it always feels nice to sit down from time to time.  One of my LEAST FAVORITE things about this club is the music isn't diverse.  Other clubs I have been to will mix up the music a bit, but this place is mostly techno/house mixes of songs.  I absolutely loved when they played hip-hop and top 40' s stuff, but the DJ that was there the night we were wasn't that impressive. I would love to give this club another shot, because I have heard such amazing things.  I didn't have a bad time, I just wish the music was better.  It's a very nice club, and you definitely feel like you're at a high class place compared to a lot of other clubs I have been to.
5	XS is hot! walking into this place gave me a rush of excitement! they had JAY Z BUMPIN!!! "JIGGA MY NI**A!!!" my GOD!!! so many good looking women!!! be willing to pay though cause its a top notch club for top notch people, i went there already good and toasted so i avoided buying any drinks there hahahaha 15 bucks for a beer? cmon now.. im not rich and even if i was id be questioning the price still!!! We got in though and didn't have to wait in line due to the nice security xP i must've pulled like 5 numbers that night without buying them drinks. HAH.. only thing i didn't like was how the DJ would switch the style of music to rave music then back to hip hop keep it on hip hop!!! cause it was hittin and everyone was feeling it, other then that..best club I've ever been to no doubt., can't wait to go back!!! don't forget your dress shoes!!! & dress to impress.
5	I came back to XS for a friend's birthday the past weekend and it was another smooth transaction! I got Will Call tickets for Aviici and it was literally walk to the ID checker, get stamped, go inside and party! I waited in line no more than 2 minutes! They made some changes to the venue that made it a lot roomier and the music was great as always!
2	My first ever visit to the almighty XS to see what the fuss is all about would have been a much more enjoyable experience had it not been for the absolutely craptacular, headache inducing house / feck-no "music" they were spinning the entire night. Perhaps I chose the wrong evening to visit, but apparently, there was some "superstar DJ" on stage named "Norman Doray," so I was expecting something great. I kept waiting all night for him to put on something cool, but it was nothing but set after set of just banging and noise.And believe me when I say that I wasn't the only one who felt this way. Out of the hundreds of visitors in attendance, I'd say that less than 10% were even attempting to dance. Now, as a former DJ myself, I can appreciate talent on the turntables, and as far as actual skill, this guy has definitely got it goin' on, but the genre he chooses to waste his talent on is a crying shame. But hey, I'm sure he's making his bread, so who am I to criticize?On one of our taxi rides around town, we struck up a conversation with a younger, more hip cabbie, and asked him about this troubling techno trend in Vegas these days. He himself said that he abhors it, and wishes they would play more normal music that can be enjoyed by the general populace, and not just a select few.With all that said, the outdoor portion of XS is quite wide and roomy, and not once did I feel like a piece of wood on the sanding machine like at most other clubs. Aesthetically, it is indeed a beautiful venue. Best of all, there are plenty of ledges to sit on, which was perfect for us, as not a single one in our group of 20+ (mostly from the Bay, and some from Japan) could get down to the horrid beats emanating from the sound system. What's worse for me was the fact that I don't drink, and I couldn't even drown my sorrows in the bottle or cup.No lie, I was this close to actually giving alcohol a try for the first time in my life just so I could relieve myself from the noise.Furthermore, If there is one demographic in clubs that I can't stand, it's obnoxious, yuppie aZns, and this place has them in droves. Hey, everyone knows that Asian peeps tend to gravitate towards whatever is perceived as the hip and happenin' spots, and XS certainly falls under this category. I personally much prefer the non-Asian clubs myself.Since it was "Swim Sunday," the pool area was open for those brave enough to take a dip, and a couple of members of our crew actually decided to take them up on this offer... with their clothes still on! However, since my head was on the verge of bursting like a pumpkin at the musket range, I was long gone by then.Now, if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment shortly with my audiologist to get fitted for a new hearing aid.P.S. There is actually ONE genre of techno that I do like, and love to dance to, which is Jumpen, aka Hardstyle. Unfortunately, none of that was anywhere to be found on this night.
5	BEST NIGHTCLUB EVER!why? because i didnt have to flirt majorly with the bouncer and squeeze my nonexistent boobs together to get in. he looked at me and asked me if i wanted to get in right away. well what a sweetie ;)SUPER crowded, plays normal clubbing music (or well what i consider normal) and love that its partially outdoors. hate clubs that are all indoors, hot and stuffy. makes me mad.this club is one of the reason why i havent gone clubbing outside of vegas much... nothing in the bay area will ever match to the amazingness of XS (or any club in vegas for that matter)waiting for winter break to roll around so i can go backkkkk I MISS YOU XS!! i'll be back soon :)
3	Damn, $50 for guys to get in by General Admission, and $20 for girls?Advice if there are more than just 2 of you, just get a table. With drinks costing $15 each, you might as well get bottle service because if you're like me you're going to have 6-10 drinks anyways so you might as well get a seat with your drink, and the girls will come flocking to sit also.By 11pm the dance floor is undancable, and they might as well make it a mosh pit with so many people just trying to scope out the scene within the dancing. The night started off well, but when it started to rain at midnight everyone that was outside (100+ people) try to come inside, its not a pretty scene. Got the F' out of there as fast as i could when that happened.
5	the nicest club i have ever been too . The very moment I walked in I was amazed at how beautiful this venue was. From the lighting, the interior, the stripper poles, the dance floors, and the people this club was killer. & the best part of it was the fact YOU COULD ACTUALLY MOVE INSIDE' your not pushed by stinky sweaty people and alcoholic beverages don't spill on your cute dress. Instead you have the opportunity  to sit on beautiful floating beds in the pool, dance on the dance floor, get a drink at the bar with ease, and dip your feet in the pool when your feet start to hurt. if its your first time visiting the clubs in vegasi recommend going here & marquee' charge per girl'$20-30
5	The line was pretty long, but it's not bad as Marquee! Cover charges for ladies are the usual $20, but a bit more for the fellas. They don't do even guy-girl ratios. (good for guys) The dance floor is crazy packed. The area near the pool is huge. There's beds and cabanas where you can just lounge around, take off your heels & soak your painful feet in the pool.  The bass of the music was so loud...it was kind of intense. Bar service was quick. all I have to say, BEST. NIGHTCLUB. EVER. I love you XS!It's the best clubbing experience I've had!!!!!
5	This is 1 of my fav clubs in Vegas the 2nd is Tryst!!
5	Okay...XS has definitely redeemed themselves!I came back in June, over EDC weekend, and I had a splendid time! My friends and I were able to negotiate for a table right by the stage and dance floor. Albeit it did cost us over three grand, but collectively, it was worth it. We had bottles of rose champagne, Grey Goose, and Hennessy flowing and the music that night was siiick! I believe Above & Beyond was spinning and I am a huge fan! We did not run into any issues with the staff this time around. THANK GOODNESS! Everyone was very accommodating and respectful. I never realized how spacious and airy the night club was, but now that I have, it is one of my favorite attributes of XS! XS will definitely be one of my go-to night clubs in Las Vegas! *fist pumps*
5	This has to be the best club to go to on Sunday night in Vegas! We started the night at Pure thinking it would play house music, but no such luck. So, we headed over to XS. There was a really long line when we got there and we thought it would take hours to get in, especially since we weren't on the guest list. However, after waiting in line for only 10 minutes, one of the promoters walked up to me and my boyfriend, asked how many were with us (there was just us two) and let us skip the line. It was $20 for girls and $30 for guys.This was definitely a better looking crowd than most clubs I've been to in Vegas. It was packed that night, but fortunately there is a lot of room there. People were dressed to impress. Girls wearing the usual mini dress and guys in a button up and jeans. There were quite a few people swimming, but it really didn't get in the way of those who didn't want to get wet.  The music was on point with three DJ's playing only house that night. I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Stripper poles, open layout, outside pool area....For the Vegas glitz and glam, I think this is one of the best  and largest clubs because of the open layout, gorgeous decor, good vibes and decent music.  COVER:Friend's promotor got our bachelorette party in for no cover and a quick 10 minute wait.  Otherwise, not sure how much cover is for the fellas, I'm assuming it's the usual $30+.  The only suck part was they wouldn't let us wear our bachelorette gear of beaded necklaces and the bride wasn't allowed to wear her crown. Weird.   If you're staying at Encore, ask concierge if they give passes for guests to bypass the wait.  I saw a separate line of people walking past us to the door, asked one of the guys and he said they're guests of the hotel.   VENUE:It's like a grand entrance walking into this spacious layout with the bars, booths, and stripper poles surrounding the dance floor in front.  WIth the open air, pool, and another bar just beyond the dance floor.  The dance floor isn't the biggest but it does the job and I like how you can venture easily outside to dance around the pool or kick off your shoes and frolic in the water.  There are a bunch of cabanas on the first and second level overlooking the pool area.  I think I even saw a casino area?!   I liked how there were "free" seats around, not just VIP seating.  I saw some lounge beds in the pool, which looked really cool.  Drinks are the usual 15+ bucks. Pre drink for sure. BEATS:  While they were pumping some house when we got there, I was relieved when they started mixing in some hip hop throughout the night.  Ok mix in general,  towards the end of the night you couldn't even tell the difference anyways.ATTIRE:Vegas hootchie mama gear for the guys and gals of course....but I like to keep it classy hootchie ;-)  One thing I noticed that was interesting was the outfits of the two go-go dancers here.  While most of the dancers in the other clubs are shakin it in their bra and panties.  These dancers were wearing cute dresses that covered all their goods, leaving a only a bit of cleavage.  Classy!So much fun we didn't even realize we stayed till the closing.  Yay Vegas  sunrise walk of shame!  Def. spend your money here if you are looking for a club to doll up and get your drinkies/dance on.
5	It's no wonder that XS is one of the most popular clubs in Vegas - it's absolutely beautiful and you are pretty much guaranteed to have an amazing night just by going here. My birthday was on a Sunday and I heard from friends, who are Vegas veterans, that XS is the place to be on Sunday nights. Both the Wynn and Encore hotels are absolutely gorgeous. Upon walking into the lobby of Encore, I knew that we were in good hands and that we had made the right choice! At the entrance of XS you will notice two lines, one for general admission and the other for guestlist and table service. Dress code is strictly enforced but since it was a Sunday night, when they host their pool parties, guys and girls were dressed a little more casually or in swim suits.The inside of XS is gorgeous and there is nothing but truth in the 1400 reviews that say so. There are tons of tables and booths, but of course you need to buy bottle service to sit in them or make friends with people who do ;) The outside is beyond beautiful - cabanas, daybeds, and tables scattered around the pool. There is also a gaming area with tons of tables. Since it was my birthday we got bottle service and were seated at an table right by the pool - so perfect, we were in the middle of everything!  If you come in a big group and are willing to put down some money and split bottle service, I highly recommend it. Special thanks to Rodrigo and Caroline for taking care of us! We happened to come on the last Sunday night pool party of the summer so we knew we were in for a good night! DJ Alesso was spinning that night and the music was so awesome - Top 40 mashed up with house. If your feet are tired from dancing all night, take your shoes off and dance in the pool - so refreshing!Spending our last night in Vegas, at XS, was the highlight of the trip. Everything about our last night was perfect and I couldn't have asked for a better 24th birthday and first trip to Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
1	Least cool club in Vegas.  I have been there different nights - not a fan.People - meh, drinks fine, ambiance whatever.... Its Vegas! Blow me away.  Why anyone would pay to get in here blows me away.
4	Ok so this was the first ever club I ever went to in vegas and I saw Avicii there.  His set was pretty epic, but the dj before him wasn't that great at all.  He was kinda boring actually, so I'd have to take off some points for that.  However, the club is really nice and spacious except for when there was this drunk guy that was bumping into me every second trying to dance with his gf or whatever -______- c'mon man....Anyways, during Avicii's set, there were times where people threw dollar bills and sprayed champagne onto the dance floor...not complaining about that haha...made a few easy bucks :)  Also we bought tickets online a couple days before we went and we had no problems getting in (prob took about 5 minutes total)...we went at about 10pm which is pretty early considering Avicii didn't start his set until around 1ish.  Overall, I had a great time during my first ever time clubbing in vegas and I look forward to coming back someday when another big dj is playing there!
4	Spent a weekend in Vegas recently and this was our Friday night main event. It was easy to get in on the spot--girls paid $20 each, and the lone guy with us dropped a fifty in order to bypass the line (which, at least for females, was totally worth not having to wait). Courtyards, fountains, pools to soak your feet in, and huge indoor and outdoor dance floors... that is pretty much all I remember. That and the last long island iced tea I had (the one I really shouldn't have had). Wow, I have not been that drunk in a LONG time. Set me back quite a bit the next day, where I had an XS appetite 'til about 7pm. Guess the place lives up to its name!
5	20 STARS!!!I FEEL LIKE WRITING THIS ENTIRE REVIEW IN CAPS BECAUSE XS IS JUST THAT FREAKING AWESOME!!!!! ...But that would just be annoying, so I won't :)I've been to XS on a Friday, Saturday & even a Sunday and each time has been nothing short of amazing. I love the layout of this club. Outside there's a huge pool that you can actually get in if you wear your swimsuit. There are several bars, daybeds and cabanas($$$). The music here is all house and even though I'm not a fan of house music, I never really notice whats playing because Im too busy having a blast.Im not sure how much the cover is because I've always gotten in for free--via table service or comp cards from the promoters! Highly recommend!
5	i have never had a bad time at this place...drinks are pretty much $18 for whatever you want...get the long beach iced tea, its basically pure alcohol with a splash of cranberry juice...best dj's, but don't go when a pop/hip-hop (ahem Will.I.Am) is dj'ing because all you will hear are BEP songs that nobody cares about anymore...but you'll only have to deal with it for an hr since he has no great songs then you can fist-pump all you want!
4	Best club setup in Vegas that I have seen. I love the outdoor area--easy to navigate when inebriated. The music is loud enough to enjoy but not to blow out your eardrums. The DJ area is strategically in between the outdoor and indoor area. XS has plenty of areas for people w/o tables to sit and chill, which one can appreciate.  Other clubs make it impossible for people to stand in an area or even sit down.   It's also nice to kick off those painful heels and shake your bum off while splish splashing in the water.Of course as a popular Vegas club, long lines galore and pricey cover and drinks. Either get a table, find a connection, arrive early, or just plain wait. Btw, went on a Sunday which has nightswim... you can swim in the pool if you have a bathing suit on. If you jump in the pool in your party dress like my friend did, you get kicked out :P
4	I haven't been to that new, supposedly hip, club Marquee in Vegas so I can't really compare the two. However, XS by itself is a super awesome club on its own. Probably the only thing that sucks about XS is that there is always a really long line to get in....so make sure you know a promoter so you don't have to be in line forever. Their lines are kind of confusing so make certain that you're in the right line. What I like:-In the summer, they open up the pools so girls with crappily painful but cute shoes can throw them to the side and dip their feet in and still look cute-There's lots of space everywhere, unlike TAO. -It's a good mixed crowd-There are actually places to sit if your feet get tired (trust me, this is really important to girls)-House music. Enough said.-They sometimes have famous DJs that play here, too.What else is not so great:-It's so hard to get in and out of the indoor part of the club. There's so much traffic and the doorways are so small!-Drinks are so expensive... But that's the same for all Vegas clubs, right?-The bartenders can be really rude...especially the girls. My friend got blamed AND CHARGED for a drink he never even ordered....I stand as the witness.-If you don't have hook-ups, cover for guys is really expensive-The indoor portion of XS looks exactly like Tryst in the Wynn...can we be any less original?Tips:-If you're looking for a cab afterwards, head over to the Wynn. Otherwise, expect to wait at least 30-45 minutes.-Check out their Sunday night pool parties (in the summer)! It's actually pretty fun and they have really cool floaty toys (including a big swan!)Until I find a better club, XS is the one for me.
4	Likes: best nightclub we went to this weekend! love the red lobby when you enter, inside was a huge pool and an indoor dancing area, love the lounge chairs and beds, bright lights, music, free cover, silver confetti, etc  I love wide open areas because it doesn't get so stuffyDislikes: missed out on the free goodies! :(
5	Hands down one of my favorite clubs I've been too. They have and outside section when you feel like just relaxing next to the pool. The dance floor is crazy and always packed. When you go to Vegas this is one of the main clubs that you need to go to.
5	hands down best nightclub i've ever been to.  Marquee has NOTHING on xs.  SORRY!I want to give you guys 13 stars out of 5 but it won't let me.
3	Is it just me or does XS really smell?  Especially around the bathroom area.  Its like too much yack, sweat, and alcohol has permanently soaked into the carpet.  Gross.I have been here many times and I always have a good time.  They have good music, a huge venue, and a great crowd.  I went on a Monday for the first time and it was surprisingly very crowded.  I had fun with my friends but I just couldn't get over the smell.  They need to really to just change the carpet!
5	I booked a corporate event through Ryan Craig in August of 2011.  The event was a huge hit - our customers loved the location/venue, the service was fantastic and I can not thank Ryan enough for all of the assistance he provided to ensure that our party went off without a hitch.  He was kind enough to answer all of my emails, even the panic ones.  I highly recommend XS if you happen to be in Vegas and need a unique venue for an event.
5	I love love love XS!Anyone who is going to Vegas for their first time needs to go to this club. I have only been to Vegas twice and though I have not been to a wide variety of clubs, I know what I like and agree with what everyone else has to say! Sad to say that they close off the pool area once fall hits and definitely hinders the experience. But since I came around spring break the cabanas were cracking and the pool was so pretty. I love how XS welcomes you to put your feet in and lounge around the pool. This was greatly appreciated after going to surrender last night, where they constantly yelled at you for even touching the water. XS blows every club out of the water and those who know anything about Vegas will come here. When the cabanas are not open, XS could definitely open up so more bars because it was super packed and hard to get drinks last time.
4	REALLY GRRRREEEATT LOOKING CLUB...really hated the music. It gave me the ability to dance on the pole (which is free to go on!), but I was not really feeling it on the dance floor. House music should only be a temporary thing at a club!Love the outdoor part, let my feet dip a few times in the hot tub..so necessary, especially on the second night in vegas!Glad i got to experience it! Get a promoter and early..cause it can have lengthy lines and expensive cover.. Luckily neither of those were an issue :)
5	One of my absolute favorite club in Vegas!!!!! I mean it & Not just because it was the club I got the most happily drunk in...lol!!....XS is definitely one of the best rated clubs in the world & also rumored to be the most expensively built club in the world. Our bachelorette group were speechless for a second when we first walked in and saw the whole layout--then drunken excitement screaming followed. haha! No booked table/bottle service? No problem! You'll still have a blast!GUYS, there are lots of places to chill and check out girls (this was the club i've seen with the most amount of hot looking girls! & Stripper poles EVERYWHERE so you can imagine how much action you can watch lol!) also there's a casino in a gazebo like area by the pool when the tables are calling your name. GIRLS, no need to worry about your tired feet and getting pushed around like sardines. Lots of places to sit outside to rest your tired feet after dancing off the alcohol on the fun stripper poles & at the beautiful open main dance floor. Feel free to sit at the steps at the pool and dip your feet in. Trust me--it felt sooo good!! We had a table but we kept going back to the pool splashing our drunken feet around to the music. lol! Ok now for the main info:LOCATION: XS is located in the mall right between the Wynn & Encore. So just start heading to the other hotel's direction and you should be able to see it.COVER: $20-$50 but could be more depending on event. *We were all ladies and we got prior arrangements to get in VIP so we got in for free. ADVICE: Try to contact a host esp. if it's going to be all ladies to get in for free. We got there at 11 & the line is super long!! We got in after 5min (thank God for being on the list)  So get there EARLY--10pm is the ideal time from what I was frequently advised! Average WAIT TIME is 1-3 hours on Fri-Saturdays (General Admission) . Lucky hotel guests at Wynn & Encore can buy passes to skip the line at the concierge desk. So get there early!!ATTIRE: Guys, make sure to wear a collared shirt or a sports coat. Don't wear anything close to sportwear just to be safe! BEST NIGHTS TO GO: Monday, Friday & Saturday. Great music at all nights!DRINKS: Mixed Drinks Start at $15, Beers $8, Shots $8, and Table Service Bottles Begin at $475. Then again prices might change & vary. The good thing is, it's easy to get your drink on at XS as they have several bars open & easily accessible. You don't have to really try to "fight" your way through for a much needed drink.All in all I will rate this 5 stars!!! (i don't do that often for clubs, &i've been to a lot. lol!)  Can't wait to go back once I go on a trip to Sin City. =)
5	MY SECOND FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS (rain being #1)two words: the poles.
5	Let me first say, my girlfriends and I don't go clubbing a whole lot but when we do, we're expecting to pay quite a bit for a good time.  The four of us girls went here as a part of a weekend getaway. Simply put, this was the best club yet...ESPECIALLY if you're a girl.Here's why:1. We got in for free at like midnight even though it was a very crowded night with a line already.  The bouncer even walked us to the front, skipping the line. Mind you, we're horrible at planning and weren't even on the VIP list. SCORE! Cover's usually $20 for ladies and up to $50 for guys on a Saturday.2. None of us spent a penny on alcohol because guys offered to buy, one after another.  I think the price is pretty reasonable even if you are buying: about $14 a drink or shot.3. The crowd was nice and every guy that came up and talked to me was DECENT, definitely the most classy club I've been to.4. They had a pool, and  have a pool party every Sunday.  It was fun dancing in it or just soaking your feet after wearing heels for hours.  The decorations were nice overall, meaning nice pictures.The only thing that bothered me was that it was hard to find and the music they were playing that night.  Maybe its just me, but Adele at a club? Seriously?!
5	A Sweet Review for a Sweet club...1. It was my boy Kent D's birthday and he wanted to party like a Rock Star...indeed we did...twice over.  We got bottle service inside the club and in the middle of the madness which is the best way to rock it out at XS. 2. Before we got blitz and started fist pumping, we tipped the 300 lb bouncer so he can keep an eye on us and our table. Luckily we did because some guy tried to help himself to one of our Goose and the bouncer put a smack down on his A$$. 3. There was plenty of talent and a few bums. Get rid of the bums (thanks 300lb bouncer) and keep the talent.What happened in Vegas was on a few cameras... need to find and delete...
4	I came here with my BFF on the last night of our Vegas vacation. OMG is all I can say. We walked in and the indoor area was totally empty...umm, ok, I thought. However, we made our way outside and I was thinking, "we've just entered Wonderland." It was a "night swim" night so there were lots of people frolicking in the pool. There were twinkling lights in the trees and house music blasting. Everyone in the place was DROP DEAD GORGEOUS.BFF and I parked ourselves near one of the outdoor bars and had a few 13.00 cocktails (YIKES- it IS Vegas, after all. We HAD been given two free drink tickets each, though). We later moved to one of the low retaining walls around the "gardens." We laughed, cried, shared our dirty secrets, all surrounded by a glittering, pulsing, garden of loveliness. I am certain that this club will be on the top of my "must-gos" when I'm in Vegas. It is just amazing.
4	Okay, the 4 stars is kind of being generous, because I would probably rate this a 3.5...3.75?PROS:* chandeliers (no seriously it's so pretty. thank you steve wynn). It's just so... pretty inside. The lighting inside, giant pool, cabanas outside... definitely makes anyone feel more glamorous. * large open-air dance floor* pool that attractive females are allowed to wade in without getting kicked out* sitting area around the trees and pools outside.* I like that the music I was exposed to had a good mix of top40 dance tracks. I mean, a girl likes to sing out loud to her radio jams once in a while ;) * bouncers at XS are less annoying (see my TAO review for comparison please), probably because there are more people to monitor there. and people can get pretty crazy...* did I mention sitting areas for the not-so-rich bottle service clubbers? it's such a relief if you're planning on spending the whole night there because...CONS:* everyone pays cover, even girls. so you better be spending a good chunk of time there. unless you get a promoter's #. In that case, get as many girls in as possible and split the fees later or something if you have a mixed gender group* the crowd and general atmosphere varies depending on the night. I've been there when it's kind of not bumpin' and I've had one of my best nights there. so... it's a toss up.* the crowd. ugh. good that it's so popular, bad for the line waiting and the obnoxiously drunk people, WHO BRING THEIR OVERFLOWING DRINKS TO THE DANCE FLOOR, stepping all over you. XS is so asian invasion. haha I love my people :)
4	XS is probably one of my favorite nightclubs in Las Vegas (for now). I say that since usually mega clubs in Vegas have a fairly short life span, but nonetheless, I always have fun whenever I go here.The place is almost always packed and the lines are ridiculous (and sometimes cover prices are as well depending on the weekend and the DJ spinning). I typically get bottle service here through my host (highly recommended) especially if you have a lot of guys in your group. If not, be prepared to wait in line for awhile, unless you go super early or if you can somehow get pre-sale tickets by staying at the hotel. My favorite table is on the dance floor patio since it is right on the outside of the club but faces the dance floor. Perfect location in my opinion. The inside is fairly large but the outside part of the club is even bigger. Great for walking around and exploring the scene. In the summer, the Sunday night event is a night time pool party which is a lot of fun - show up in board shorts/bikinis instead of dressing up to go clubbing.Overall one of the better clubs in Las Vegas but they know that so the prices can get a little out of hand for cover and for bottle service.
5	I STILL LOVE YOU!  Even on a Sunday night this place makes my fat jiggle.  Best club in the veGAS.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__2ABJjxzNo
5	I LOVE THIS CLUB...and I don't even like clubbing that much!  But in Vegas, go big or go home, right?!  :)My girlfriend and I were heading over to XS after Tao to meet some friends.  First off, I love the entrance to Encore...it seems very royal to me.  But I immediately saw the huge, long line of people waiting to get in and I was a little frustrated.  The door guy came over to us and asked if we were on the list and of course we weren't.  We just said that we didn't realize there was one and that we were meeting a group inside.  He let us in and we paid the $20 cover each.  It was nice to by-pass the long line as I'm sure some of those people were waiting forever.I didn't realize that XS wrapped around the pool and this was amazing to me!  There was TONS of space to spread out and I loved seeing girls take off their heels and just be casual, wading around the pool.  My friends had a pool-bed with bottle service, which was great too since our group was fairly large.  Inside the "club" was a little too much for me as it was PACKED.  I bumped into people repeatedly and even got elbowed in the boob, but oh well.  haha.  Still a really fun night and I'd go back here in a second!
4	My best friend kept telling me how great XS night club is and that he thinks I should check it out even though I don't enjoy clubbing, so i took his advice and took my GF's to XS for my friend's bachelorette party weekend. We went on a Friday night.  We were the first ones in the club and they were playing house music for a few hours.  They didn't start playing good music that my friend's would dance to until midnight.  As for a non-clubbing person, I thought the place looked nice, different from what I've seen in Vegas night clubs. It's nice that it's outdoors, to get some kind of fresh air. =pTheir drinks, well it's Vegas - so 6 lemon drop shots at 10PM was $75 out of my pocket.  Bottle service is $500, i guess that's not bad compare to what I've heard - they can range up to $1,000!!
5	XS is one of my favorite club in Vagas! It is the place to be, but make sure you come early because the line is already long starting at 9pm.Best clubBest dance floorBest good looking peopleBest strip poleBest house musicHands down to the best time of my life at this club. Until we meet again...
5	This is the best time in vegas ever. This club is the best.Good musicgood dJ ( we have Steve Aoki) He the crazy dJ beautiful peopleall the dancer a cute.Best club
2	Best club in Vegas? I think not. Friends who know some locals say this is the place to go, so of course we had to check it out. We (of course) ran into a club promoter on the strip who had told us we would be on a list. We had assumed it was free cover for ladies since the promoter really didn't mention anything about a cover charge. I guess we appeared DUMB when asking why we had to pay $20 after we entered a line that appeared to be like getting on a  roller coaster at Great America. The cashier was like "No one gets in free here" (I guess its that cool...) Others paid $50 and we even met some people that paid $80 in advance with a table (even more money) who weren't able to get in. I guess they came too late? WOW--way to steal peoples money.Let alone, some big shot DJ was hosting....DeadMau5. Not being a regular clubber, I had NO idea who the heck that was but thought it'd be worth it since the club paid him 250k.(Ridiculous!!) I just couldn't get into his music...maybe it was b/c there was no lyrics?? or it just sounded like EVERY song was the same?? Not even a few drinks would've gotten me to enjoy the music. Too bad I didn't even get a chance to get a drink because there was about a 20 min line outside and I couldnt even enter the inside (too many people). My sister had to use the restroom and 30 min later she came back (yup-- its one of those places).On a positive note, the decor was amazing and the place is HUGE. It's basically the entire pool area and an area inside that turns into a giant nightclub at night. Smart idea, Steve Wynn....  Maybe some more bars could help though? We didn't stay very long, I guess we really just don't appreciate electronic or house or whatever you call it kind of music and that was it for us. Trying to find the EXIT was a joke. We asked two employees and they both gave us different answers, but we finally figured it out.  SO, I'd say save your money and go somewhere else BUT If you do wanna check it out, go early or you'll spend hours in line.
4	This was a fun place.  It is HUGE and the name fits the atmosphere for sure.  Lots to look at and a lot of eye candy abounds.We had a table/bottle service and the whole process of getting in/getting the reserved table was chaos.  It was really disorganized, but once were were in it was a fun time.  The club itself is amazing-- both the inside and the outside.  We were here for Halloween weekend, so it wasn't really warm enough to party in the pool, but it is definitely on my list for a return visit during warmer months.
3	4 stars for the venue, the pool, the cabanas and stripper poles that looks like a lamp.2 stars for the music, overpriced drinks, and seedy-greasy-short-ugly guys that won't go away.Supposedly the lines are long and hard to get in but didn't have problem with it so can't comment.I give it higher ratings when there are celeb DJs like Avicii is spinning. Resident DJ gets 2 stars. Average to about 3 stars total.
2	I don't know why, but XS continues to rub me the wrong way.  I've been here twice, both on Sunday nights during the summer so maybe it's because I'm not feeling the outside-only deal where 25% of the people got the memo that they can wear their bathing suits at night.  The outside is gorgeous but it doesn't make me feel like I'm at a club at all.  The "dance floor" or whatever right in front of the stage is too small and if you go towards the back where there's A LOT of space, you can't really hear the music or feel comfortable enough to dance because people are just lounging around.  I'd give this place one more chance simply because people really seem to love it and maybe I've just been going on the wrong nights or I wasn't drunk or enough or I need to wear better shoes.  Maybe on a Saturday.  Maybe during the winter when they actually open up the inside.2 stars because the only good thing that came out of my last time at XS was that I discovered Max Vangeli.  Even though I was in a pissed off mood and my feet were killing me, his music was awesome and made my night a little bit better.
5	okay despite bouncers being shady with my homegirl's drivers license back in January, this is my all time favorite club in Las Vegas (forget Marquee, that place is terrible no matter who the dj is). If you're staying at Encore, be sure to just get tickets in advance through concierge. You won't have to wait in the ridiculously long line. Encore guests w/ tickets just walk in through the re-entry line. Quick, easy, painless.This past weekend during deadmau5 though, we couldn't leave and come back in. Bouncers told us "it wasn't guaranteed that you'll get back in even though you're a guest here because we've reached capacity"I JUST NEEDED TO USE THE BATHROOM! The line for the female restroom was fucking RIDICULOUS. and I must reiterate, FUCKING RIDICULOUS.  I waited FORTY MINUTES IN LINE TO GO PEE. That is some UTI status. Why the hell do chicks take so damn long to use the restroom!?!? POP YOUR SQUAT, PULL YO PANTIES DOWN, DO YOUR BUSINESS, WIPE, WASH YOUR HANDS, BOUNCE! If re-entry to the club was guaranteed, I would've left and went  back upstairs to my room, peed, had more drinks and came back in. I bet it wouldn't have taken 40 minutes like the bathroom line!Ladies were slipping the bathroom attendant twenty dollar bills to cut the line. That is just FUCKING RIDICULOUS.otherwise, I still love this place.
4	Finally got to experience the hype first hand and I must say all the gossip is true! What other club allows you to dance and soak your feet in the pool? This was a perfect touch because after three days of clubbing in a row, my feet swelled up two sizes!Female bartenders need a lesson in etiquette before this club can reach it's 5 stars potential. My girlfriend was nice enough to tip but apparently 5 bucks wasn't enough to buy a fake smile. RUDE.Aside from that, I drank, I danced, I explored, I mingled... I had an epic night! XS presents the perfect environment for you to leave your troubles behind for the evening and enjoy yourself!
5	XS is the reason I can never be content going to any other clubs. Beautiful venue, gorgeous people, and the DJ keeps you dancing all night long.... even if you're wearing uncomfortable 4 inch stripper heels... and i've never had to pay cover to get in. :) Chicks, avoid holidays and long weekends if you are not willing to front a cover charge here.I love the pool and cabana area... it feels so good dipping your bare feet in the pool after a long night of dancing. I always know I'll have a good time when I step into XS... a few months back, a guy started making it rain right where my girlfriends and I were dancing... that's a bit XSive if you ask me!
5	This place is gorgeous. They had decent music, nice bartenders and plenty of seating. I went for a private party, so I didnt have to deal with it being cramped or meeting weird people. The pool area is beautiful! As far as ambiance, this is my favorite LV club!
2	Alas the Ninja was in the mood to shake some shurikens on the dance floor  & celebrate a friends Bachelorette extravaganza... so it was off to Vegas. XS gets 2 stars for being such a spacious venue... unfortunately that is all they will get from the ninja. The experience with the staff let very little to be desired... The Ninja & footclan had confirmed several times with the club promoter that they were on the guestlist.. however.. when they showed up at XS to discover the promoter had failed... the guestlist guy & all of the other "line monitors" ( I don't know what else to call them) were very very stuck up, unhelpful & rude.The Failed promoter kept dropping names (go to to this person and then will let u in blah blah) and although we had the names and found the people... NONE of them cared enough to confirm anything for us.Standing less than 3ft away from us ones one of the guys we needed to speak with & we called his name several times to ask him for some direction and he ignored us.This is extremely unfortunate bc I have  a number of Bachelor & Bachelorette parties coming up that I had wanted to direct to XS. After this experience that is not going to happen..::Overall::.Bottom line XS guys will pick and choose who they want to let in... even if u were on the guestlist they will easily ignore you if they choose bc you can easily be replaced by the other 50 million ppl trying to get in. Which sucks bc the Ninja used to luv XS.  Good Music, spacious venue... but the staff.. it was just so so bad.....::Recommendations??::.Never again for the Ninja... Smaller venues will value guests more.  Apologies for the drawn out review it was just a very sad experience that was near to ruining the Bachelorrette evening.
3	Ive been to XS on many occasions with my friend who works in LV. We went on Halloween night to celebrate the departure of a friend and it was weak. $50 to get in wasnt bad as I heard people were paying up to $250 the previous night. The setup of the club is great. Very few if any flaws. The issue is with the service. Waited in the drink line for 1 plus hour to get a scotch on the rocks. I was talking to my boy and get some help for the bartenders or something. A 30 minute wait isnt bad but 1 plus hour is extreme.You couldn't go inside where Afrojack was performing unless you had a band even though this where I started my night. Luckily I was chilling with my friends so as long as we were all in , we had a good time. Not a great time.
4	One of my favorite clubs to frequent at Vegas.  The venue is just so damn big and so damn beautiful.  Every time you come here, you'll probably run into at least a handful of people that you know.  XS keeps clubbing classy and hassle free, but if I could improve one thing, I would definitely work to improve the ratio.  Other than, this place is the spot to be on a Friday or Saturday night.  They always have high profile DJ's spinning, and the crowd has some great energy.  Its large enough so that there is always some free space outdoors (unless its Halloween or NYE etc).PROTIP:  Get stamped first right as the doors open, then find some down people and go back to your suite to drink.  Having the stamp gets you right back in once 11pm rolls around!
5	This place is freakin' BEAUTIFUL. My first club I went to right when I turned 21. I think all the clubs in L.A. can't measure up to the clubs in Vegas. The pool and cabana areas are sooo beautiful here. It literally feels like I'm in a movie where the celebrities are having a bomb time at some beautiful resort off on some island. HAHA I watch too many movies =P The lounging area is nice and at night, it is really beautiful with the dimmed lights. The dance floor is a bit crowded. I hear it's poppin' both Friday and Saturday nights. But most people go on Saturdays. I went on Friday night because Kaskade was playing at Marquee on Saturday. I could NOT miss him. :O)Either get here early or get a table 'cause it's hard to get in with a group of guys. Gotta even up the ratio or grab some girls in line ;)I definitely recommend this club to anyone who's gonna be partying it up in VEGAS woooooohoo babyyyy
5	There really isn't a reason to review this place, but I will anyways.  It's simply the best club in Vegas.  Just make sure you have a good ratio, you buy a bottle, or give a host a nice handshake.
5	XS = beautiful. I really do believe that it's one the most aesthetically pleasing clubs I've ever been in (and I've clubbed in LA, Korea, China, Singapore, Taiwan so far). It's so big, has an outdoor area (that I've only discovered this past weekend), and is just straight up bumpin` on Friday nights. The music is really good here. DJs can definitely read the crowd, and there are lot of big names that come to DJ/perform here. When I was here in January, Bobby Brackins had a performance of his one-hit-wonder (143 I love you). It was pretty fun :]However, since it is so popular, it gets really crowded and it's easy to lose your friends, so always have a fully-charged phone and unlimited text plan. I know that girls can usually get in free, so if you and your friends have a plan to get in through a promoter, stick to it! Don't be like me and get stranded, have to pay cover, and just be miserable :[ Overall, it's a very fun place. Pregame beforehand (even if you're a girl cuz those free drink tickets can only get you so far..). I just got back and I already wanna go back again!!
5	Maybe I'm biased because XS was THE defining clubbing experience for my first vegas trip. So good that we decided to come back again within the same trip. -The place is huge. -dancing in the pool. Awesome. - free entry for girls AND two free drinks? Doubly Awesome-steve aoki the second night, showering us (LITERALLY) with 5 bottles of Dom Perignon? An unforgettable night with great friends, great music, and drinks. I dont think I can ask for more.
5	Its an amazing venue with really top notch accommodations.  You want inside and you want outside they got both.  Place is a bit more on the pricy side but with this place you need to check it out at least once.
5	Best and most beautiful place on the strip. Table service is a must if your a group of guys. Last time we were here we screwed up and didn't realize was a pool party cause usually go here in the winter.  Had a table right on the pool and us idiots are all in jeans and button downs. Its ok a few shots in shirts off and straight into the pool in our boxers. The bartenders are awesome and make sure your having a good time. We went here about a year ago also and got a really bad table off to the side after 2 bottles we told our girl listen we need a new table. She got us hooked up right on the floor and we rewarded her with a 5 grand bill plus gratuity.This is a must stop anytime you go to vegas, beautiful place inside and out although I will never gamble here ever again I bleed green at the black jack tables here.
5	My first time at XS - oh em gee, so drunk. Ooh a pool! *dance dance dance*My second time at XS -  oh crap, there's a line. I'm so drunk - did I pay to get in? oh em gee, I feel asleep on a random lady on the round couches. She has soft shoulders. *dance dance dance*My third time at XS - wtf, there is a really long line! wtf, we have to pay $20 cover? wtf, why is the entrance now at the back of the club, forcing me to walk through the cold outdoors in my 5 inch heels? ooh now i'm in. now i'm drunk. *dance dance dance untz untz untz*
4	I would have given XS 5 stars if we didn't have to pay cover! They let us skip the HORRENDOUSLY long line but had to pay $20 cover. I don't remember the last time I had to pay cover to get into a club! Then I guess they changed the entrance because we had to walk around the outside part of the club to get inside.Once we got there it was all fun and giggles - it was night of Marine Ball so lots of cute boys in uniform!We left for a bit to go get some other girls/go to Surrender...but ended up coming back. We tried to go back in through the exit because we didn't want to walk outside in the cold again...but no can do! Had to brave the cold again. Womp.I don't remember much of the specifics after that...just dancing, free drinks, and ending up at Grand Lux Cafe for some pasta =D
4	This club was great when it first opened its door and it's still great. No waiting, walked right in, and bouncers with a smile. The music was good although it was mainly house when I went. The crowd was fairly young but of course there were scattered showers of older people. Nothing wrong with that, some older chicks had way better dance moves than I did. What I also like about XS is the seating. Lots of seating everywhere. A definite plus for all girls!
4	Got here relatively early to hopefully get in without having to wait over an hour like other people at the back of the line.  How they choose to manage entry here was so strange that night.  Basically even if you're near the front of the line you won't be let in so easily.  If you know a promoter or tip one of the bouncers you'll get in a lot quicker.  I figured we all tip the bouncer $10 to get us in quick and had him on the line, a friend in the group said wait and in the end we paid $40 a head to get in anyway.  Didn't have a problem with paying this much since it was my first time checking out XS and had won some money anyway. After that, excitement starts to set in after walking through the side entrance to enter in with the awesome outdoor pool landscape.  Secondly, the awesome quality of the sound system which is smartly hidden into the architecture and landscape.  Probably cost them millions for this incredible acoustic setup.  Found out this place is like 40K sq. ft. which is probably the biggest club I've been to.  And yes they have a number of tables on the island area of the pool, which can be useful.  Just make sure you're gambling before you get your drink on.The drinks aren't insanely expensive like I've heard they might be.  I remember buying like four shots of patron for like $53 including tip.  Dance floor area is cool but too tight with how many people are there.  Lounge areas are good and the pool view is sweet everywhere. Honestly, I can see why this place is the one of the best clubs in the US but supposedly it's losing its luster as newer Vegas clubs open up and compete.
5	One of the craziest nights I've had in Vegas was at XS. This place is literally crazy...& I love it! First of all, it's always nice to get in for free, with free drink vouchers (thank you Salazar). Second of all, probably the nicest outdoor area in Vegas!? I went when it was too cold, but have you seen the pool right outside? Gorgeous. great atmosphere, great DJs, great club ;) one more reason to love vegas (as if I needed one...)
5	My favorite club in Vegas. It is definitely the most crackin'. Perfect amount of space. The music is great. They play hip hop for the first few hours and then electro/house whatever afterwards. Unlike Surrender, you can actually stand in the shallow parts of the pool where the pool beds are. AND, you can lay on the pool beds and just chill.I always have a good time here. Be sure to come early and get stamped or else you'll be waiting in line for days.
2	First time I came, I stood in the VIP line right in front of the Hosts podium, trying to get Mr. Clipboard's  and got ignored for every blonde that walked up. He even ignored the hot little latina a few feet down from me.  So the next time I came in, I brought a blonde friend (whom I think is just as attractive as me)  with me and the same guy was at the podium. He introduced himself to her and gave her a big hug and his business card... completely ignoring me. Not saying I am little Miss America, but dang brother... I am the one that was in the industry, not my friend.  Went another time with an industry friend (yes, a blonde as well) and SAME guy at podium got all excited and practically smothered her with kisses. Again, completely ignored me.  So now I know, if I don't have a blonde with me, I'll be waiting in general admission line even though I have a local drivers license and I might actually be in the mood meet men with champagne at their tables.  DOOR GUY NEEDS TO OPEN HIS MINDNAH, I'd rather go to Pure. At least their door guys aren't anti-eurasian
3	I may be committing blasphemy by giving XS a 3* review...(dodges tomatoes)Unlike the super negative experiences of some individuals, I thought XS was okay. Of course, I was there on a night that NormanD was spinning. Most people in my group were not into that type of music so they absolutely hated it. Having spent some time in Europe, I wasn't hating it, but I have to admit that NormanD was spinning some wack tunes. The system was a little grainy but it was decent enough and the pool was open since it was Swim Sunday.What I DID like:- Decor was awesome- Bouncers were not militant about us sitting in an empty cabana- Drinks were strong- Overall, more breathing room- Open pool...but a little dangerous for drunkies, if you ask meWhat I did NOT like:- Closed off half the club squeezing a HORDE of people into tiny quarters- ONE bouncer in particular being an ASS about my friend sitting on a concrete ledge (really!?)- This one isn't really a big deal but why are there so many BUSHES? that's taking up some precious standing room!- The wack tunesI will give XS another try, but this first experience was kinda crappy. The layout is nice, but I feel like a mere peasant with the "nobles" looking down on me from their gilded ledges (aka the VIP booths) from the second floor...This club screams money and if you don't have the $30 for a Sunday night, tough titties! Must mark in my little black book for another visit and perhaps an update!
3	Beautiful club; small area to dance in. Beautiful people; most of them are douches and bitches.The line was crazy at 10:30.  Good thing that we had a promoter to get us in quickly.  I would say it was well worth it.  No doubt that this place is for the high rollers I mean it's at the Encore for goodness sake.  This was the club to be if you wanna find a sugar daddy.  In all honestly, it seems like this place was made for the sole purpose of bottle service.  I've never seen so many tables at a club like was all hunched together like that.  You might as well do it big in Vegas right?I hate how crowded it was.  I was literally shoving my elbows at people so they would get out of my personal bubble.  Did not have this problem at the Marquee as much.  They really do need to open the place a bit more or crowd control.  They didn't open up the pool area which I was sad about.The variety of the music was good kept things going and fresh.  The go go dancers could have better, I mean I really have seen better.  I liked how when the dancers are done they start going around trying to sell shooters for $24 for 2.  At least I don't have to move from my dancing spot.The bathrooms were amazing! They had everything you need for the night.Tip: wear heels.  I know it sucks and it hurts your feet and you can't get it on but if you don't then you're going to get stabbed by the other heels and you're left with nothing to defend yourself.So yes I am giving it 3 stars because it was super crowded to me and bitches were hating and all that.  Maybe next time I'll have better luck.
5	Oh XS, I have such fond memories that will never be forgotten. A part of me will always be there, literally and I'll explain why later.My friends and I were in Vegas for 5 days, and I know everyday is a party there but we only really wanted to go clubbing once, so we decided to go to XS. I hear from many people that its usually bumpin here and Marquee. My wonderful friend Shige O. and his friend Mike, got me and my girlfriends to avoid the long lines and into the wonderful atmosphere.Drinks are mega expensive, I was warned beforehand by my boyfriend but when you're happy, then it doesn't matter what price you pay to be happier. From what I remember, it was Beautiful inside. Really crowded though! Majority of the night we were outside by the pool. There were maybe one - four people sitting on a float in the pool but its pretty much winter so that was the most you'll find in the pool. I'm surprised I didn't fall in by the end of the night but I think my phone did. Like I said earlier, the atmosphere was wonderful. We ran into two bachelor parties. They were all nice. They didn't believe that we were from Hawaii and that was another amusing conversation in itself. Overall I had such a great time that I lost my half of my phone and my ring there (I trust that my friends didn't let me marry a random stranger and gave my ring away) So there it is, what happens in Vegas sure does stay in Vegas!I'd recommend people to party here if they're visiting Vegas. Its hard to be back at home and clubbing after going to a club like that!
5	This is my all time favorite club in Vegas!!! This place is breath taking! I always make sure that I come here every time! Love it love it love it!!!
5	By far my favorite place to party when I'm out in Vegas. Good size club, it's a half indoor half outdoor club. Outdoor has the pool which by day time it's a day club. There is also a bar in the center of the pool where you can also play poker or black jack. There is VIP cabana's everywhere, out by the pool or upstairs. Indoor there's a good size dance floor, and lots of tables. Good amount of bars, so it's not impossible or takes long to get drinks.
3	Still love the ambience of this place and the fact that the clubgoers, though of many ages and demographics, largely seems more cohesive in the party mode rather than the mood Pure gives off.  While I was stoked to get in for free (thank you, Rock 'n' Roll Marathon promotions), the DJs sucked.  Anytime you'd get into the groove of the song, they'd stop the beat.  Literally.  Transitions to new songs lacked drum loops and totally killed the mood each time moving to the next song.  DJs: the bartenders, single guys trying to hit on girls, and ladies out with their other ladies would all appreciate if you could keep the dance vibe going!  (Let's just say that the professional dancers even had a hard time in the transitions.)Was a fun evening, but I would have preferred better DJs.  Oh, and Adele's "Someone Like You" is probably not the best mood lifter, especially when repeated in the sets.
5	Decadence & debauchery abound at this local hotspot! If you're looking to celebrate and get your party on, i highly recommend this club.Located inside Steve Wynn's Encore Hotel and Resort, the club was buzzing with party goers crammed in a line that appeared to have no end!To forgo the line, we opted for bottle service with Goose and it was worth every penny!  If you're a dude, plan on paying bottle or slipping the usher a few $$$, that's just how they roll in Vegas.  When in Rome, folks!With that said, there was still a bit of a frustrating wait inside the club for our table.  Once we got past all that BS, we did indeed land a great table...with a POLE! The girls got right up there as soon as we arrived and the party was officially on! The club was huge but oddly enough it was shoulder to shoulder on the dance floor and pretty much everywhere else!  This place was packed, but truth be told, who wants to go to an empty club anyways?! A great mix of Top 40 music was blasting with a heavy bass from the large speakers throughout and the club opened out to a beautiful pool area where folks were partying it up outside, as well. From there, drinks were up and the evening slowly became a distant blur.Ok, I recall more than that, but am i actually gonna tell ya? Heck no!What happens in Vegas, right?Happy Times
5	You know this is probably one of the best clubs in Las Vegas when it has 4.5 stars and over 1400 reviews. half a star over Marquee definitely tells you its something better. Cons: Bouncers were douches. Pros: Bartenders know how to make drinks. You can walk outside gamble and get free drinks. great music. They even played the angry bird song theme song and made it flow. Hot girls on sunday night. The club is so beautiful. There's a pool. I love partying until the 4 am.
4	We finagled our way into a VIP section that housed a bunch of baldheaded, Eastern European-looking guys.  My one friend thought they were Russian gangsters and was afraid to leave because they might shoot us.  Turns out they were Canadian.  We left.
5	After reading a few reviews its funny how many complain about the club being crowded and expensive.  Who wants to go to a half-empty club? Then go to a effin lounge who let's Tom, Dick, and Harry in along with their grandmothers and aunt.  Anyhow, if you spend $96 million on a club it better be top-notch and it is.  If you partying in a $96 million club, it isn't going to be cheap and you wont find dollar drinks.  So if you are a baller on a budget stick to lounges with no lines. The gold you see is real 24k gold, but good luck trying to steal it. Bouncers are abundant but overall, they are better than other clubs.  The cocktail waitress are super model HOT, but that's all about you're gonna get unless you got a Blackcard.  Any VIP table inside the club has decent view of dancefloor and traffic flow is great to fish for hotties walking by.  Tables outside arent optimal for tailchasing and are cheaper than inside of course.  However, if you get a daybed by the pool it is romantic spot for your date or fling for the night.  Great makeout spot or to have a pre-qualifier conversation.Getting inside isnt too difficult if you have a table.  If you are paying cover, then expect to wait at least an hour.  It's a $96 million dollar club, DUH! What I particularly like about it is traffic flow is good, getting in and out of club is good, decor is excellent, and it's just bright enough to get a good look at people even if you have your beer googles on.  Only thing is their sound system could be improved.  You dont feel the crisp bass.  Sometimes there is an ordor from the bathroom areas.  They need to keep air-spraying scents into the ventilation.  Deadmau5 is resident 2012 and rumor has it Tiesto too. Im a regular here since day one. So if you need further advice LMK.
3	Beautiful club and good music.  This place was incredibly packed though (and I've been to some packed clubs) and there was (1) no space on the dance floor and (2) no space to stand because everything has been allocated to bottle service.  So, basically, unless you get bottle service, you shouldn't go there period.  I'm not giving it the lowest rating because I understand that it opens to the outside when the weather is nice and I imagine that it's much less crowded then.  Given the ambiance and the music, I would be definitely willing to try it again when it's a little warmer.
5	one word: wow. even getting 86'd from here, still the best club ive ever been to. cant wait to see what my credit card bill looks like. prolly in the thousands. good thing i left a trail of destruction on my way out. ill be back, next year.
4	The chosen night club of my Friday night ended up being XS. We were on the list after meeting a promoter earlier in the day. Getting in at first was a bit annoying, because the bouncer legitimately thought my ID was fake for some reason. After my friends all got in and were waiting on me, he decided to walk down the hallway with it to see if the other bouncers had a blacklight. He came back and said "i'm not buying it, looks fake to me." "Whatever you say, let me just pull out my passport," I replied. Dumbfounded, he let me right in. Lol.Once we were in the second waiting area, we waited for about 30 mins before being let into the actual club. Once we were let into the doors, wow was the view AMAZING. A huge, luxurious pool surrounded by beautiful palm trees and decor was in front of us. Since it's winter, we headed into the indoor area with the crowd. Now THIS is what I call a top of the line nightclub. It's what I envisioned when I originally pictured clubbing in Vegas, only 10x better than my imagination. The lighting, dancefloor, tables & poles everywhere were so fierce. I didn't have the experience I wish I would've had while at XS, but it has nothing to with the club, just personal mistakes such as having drama with a friend, wearing EXTREMELY uncomfortable shoes, and not pregaming nearly enough. So basically, I wasn't in the best mood and was really struggling in my shoes. There were wall to wall people, which is really what I like to see and be surrounded by in a club atmosphere. But I will say it was annoying waiting literally at least 45 minutes to get a drink. Girls, i'm not telling you to wear flats, but don't make the mistake of wearing killer shoes to this club like I did. Standing in line really blew and I was in too much pain to even dance. The dancefloor looked like the best time ever. The DJ booth was lit up and everyone looked like they were having the time of their lives. I'm still giving this club 4 stars because the atmospher was TRULY top of the line. I really look forward to my next visit in Vegas because I now know what & what not to do. XS, I will see you again and have an amazing time.
4	I'm not the clubbing type, music so loud you can't talk, overpriced drinks, and the type of girls you'd find are not what I would generally look for, (well aside from looks of course) and oh yeah, I'm a nerd.  So that should tell you how impressive I found XS.  First off entering the club, as soon as we entered Encore from the parking garage we were greeted by a huge line that only seemed to go through the entire shopping area.  Luckily one of the girls in the group knew somebody who knew somebody who . . . well you know how it works in Vegas.  So no long excruciating wait and no cover charge so that will probably change your experience.Once we walked in into the main room I immediately noticed the one big negative I have regarding this place.  That smell!  One of my friends described it best as either stale liquor, a massive gathering of b.o. or both combined.  Hopefully that's not something that's always there and it people were just extra sweaty from the heat outside.  Luckily once you walked away from the main entrance the stench wavered and was gone by the time you were outside.  Inside there really isn't anywhere to sit as of course it was a Saturday night and the place was full.  This includes that rather small dance floor where you feel like a pack of sardines whenever the DJ plays something everyone loves.  Eventually though you're able to get enough space for your group to move in rhythm a bit.Luckily though, this was back when it was still warm outside and the all of the outside part of the club was accessible.  This is what makes the place work for me.  Outside there were plenty of places to relax, sit, talk and still get your drinks with a beautiful scenery.  Expect it to be pricey, one round of drinks for 6 people were usually in the 70 to 100 dollars range before you throw in tip.  Our group was able to dance on the floor, come back out, relax, get a drink, go back to the dance floor, rinse and repeat.  It's as if all my issues with nightclubs never existed well except for the cost of drinks but what can you do, most of the group was from out of town you can't look cheap!Of course all the people in the club well-dressed (IE scantily clad) and beautiful thanks to a strict dress code.  Although I still wonder how a scruffy looking old man with a shirt that said "fuck you" (pardon my French) was allowed in the club.  He was probably a millionaire as he was also at Drai's later that night.  Of course this rating belongs as much to the fun group of people I spent the night with as much as the club but XS certainly didn't do anything to detract from the experience and with their outside part of the club it only enhanced it.  Next time I come back to a nightclub in two years (by my estimation anyway), this will be the first spot I hit.  Making it rain y'all!
4	Amazing club? Yes. Best club ever? No. I actually preferred Pure. Don't get me wrong, XS was lavish, gorgeous, and had plenty of lounging areas if you wanted to take a break from the dance floor. Just be warned that when you get to the dance floor, your feet will be stepped on (repeatedly), and you will be elbowed and shoved like nothing you've experienced before (except maybe a mosh pit).
5	FREE entrance for guys and girls on Tuesdays (guestlist) and two free drink tickets up to a $20 value!
2	My first 21+ clubbing experience! I turned 21 on Monday, so we decided to hit up XS on a Sunday night, right before 12. It was literally 11:50pm and the guy wouldn't even let me through the door to wait in the second line they had inside. You already checked my ID, what's going to happen? The numbers on my drivers license are going to change around when it becomes midnight and I don't become 21? We were in a group of 12, and they had us wait on the side until it was midnight. Thanks for starting off my birthday with a bang, douche. They were also pretty rude, even though we were nothing but polite. Sorry I didn't want to flirt with you, like the two blonde bimbos after us that you chatted up and let through. Ew.Once we got in, it was hella cold so the outdoor area was a no-go. Disgustingly packed inside - like.. moreso than a rave. Seriously. The dancefloor was just a swaying, smelly mosh pit. Boys and girls, it's called deodorant, please buy some. And use it.All our girls got free drink cards, but it took forever to get to the bar because it was so packed. I think my bartender forgot to put Midori in my Midori sour.. I don't know. I didn't taste any alcohol at all.I'm glad I got in for free, or I'd be so disappointed at this horrible experience. XS is supposed to be one of the hotspots right now, but I wish I'd just gone to Marquee or Tao. You need to be a lot more drunk to have fun here, I suppose.People barfing along the walkway and a fight broke out right as we were leaving. Real classy.
5	My favorite club in Vegas hands down!I love love this club. I make sure to come here every time when I am in Vegas with my friends. It is a go to place in Vegas especially for girls. I love that they have a lot of different places to dance and lounge around and not overly populated everywhere and like a sardine can like most clubs in Vegas. The best part about XS is the pool. Also, XS is the prettiest nightclub I have been to. Cover charges can range anywhere for guys from 50-to over 100...If you just walk in and you are a girl its usually about 20, but it helps to get connections in Vegas. My girlfriends and I never pay. The line here is pretty crazy, but it moves pretty fast and they usually let you cut if you are just with a group of girls. Bouncers here for the most part are douche bags but they don't really care since everyone wants to go to XS. XS and Marquee are probably the go to clubs in Vegas right now. Make sure you come early or get bottle service!
5	XS is da SH*T... Hands down... dancing drunk in the swimming pool, and that stripper pole is legend.. I LOVE IT
5	Favorite club in Vegas. It is so beautiful, you can really tell how much money was put into making this club. I love that there are places to sit and that there's a nice outside area in case you get too hot. It's always been different each time I've gone. Last new years the lines were crazy. This year there was basically no lines to get in. Only thing I hated was that they closed the main dance floor because it got too crowded. And the security isn't as nice as the ones at Tao are (ones at Tao let pretty girls into the vip tables). BEST part was jumping on the square platforms in the water! Oh and they have the hottest DJs playing music (this year: Steve Angello, Afrojack, R3hab, Deadmau5).
1	The club is great, it's a lot of fun.  But so are a lot of other clubs in Vegas.  I'd actually recommend Tryst over XS.  Let me explain our experience at XS:We ordered bottle service, they take the card and ID, and run it through.  After charging us, they inform my friend he is not allowed to wear his beanie ... something they could have mentioned BEFORE letting us in.On the way to our table, another bouncer says, "Don't worry, you can put it back on once you're inside".5 mins later, another bouncer comes up, "You need to take that off."The story goes on, and the rest is irrelevant, but they need to get on the same page.
5	Incredible Lineup for New Years Weekend.  First Afrojack then setting up DeadMau5 to wrap it up.  The mayor then declared January  2nd DeadMau5 day!!! Where else does that happen???  DeadMau5 also celebrated his birthday here that day. Overall another excellent experience in Vegas at XS. Great Vegas Club. Lots of room to dance, people that work here are better than some of the other clubs are far as service and attitude go. Bouncers let me get into VIP with one of my guy friends with no hassle.  Stamped us so we could come back whenever.  Met a lot of fun people and danced it up with space! Great experience overall always.  Better than Marquee IMO.
3	Nice venue, opening DJs weren't bad, Afrojack was cool, crowd is pretty mixed the night we came. Bouncers and hostesses at the line are terribly unorganized. We spent more time moving between lines than actually standing in them.  ex: "we're on ____'s guestlist""ok please step to the left"*stamps"excuse me ladies do you have a ticket?""no we're on the guestlist for ___""oh I don't have that one you need to get in the right line and as a hostess"*shrugs and goes to other line"excuse me, who's a hostess here?""STEP BACK LADIES!"..."do you have a ticket?""...no, we need one. We're on ___'s guestlist""I don't see you on here. Please go to the middle line"*moves to middle line and gets yelled at for crossing a rope even though we moved to the end*random guy sees us, asks for  our name, writes it on the ticket, and let's us through without waitingOverpriced drinks and no service at the pool bar even though we practically waved cash in the bartenders face when he wasn't occupied. Afrojack was playing so it got ridiculously crowded towards the end. But thats clubbing for ya. Its a nice club, no doubt. But the people working here are like any other club (and some are worse). Overall I had a good time and would come back but come with a fun group!
4	Great decor, drinks, people and DJ! But what made this place a definite winner was that the bouncers and hostesses were for once actually really nice (oh and I'm a guy). We weren't sure if we wanted to stay here or go somewhere else that night so the doormen told us we get our $30 entrance back if we didn't like it and left within the first hour. Definitely much better than Marquee at Cosmopolitan!!
5	My favorite club in Vegas. XS is an older club but still one of the best hot spots in Vegas.The decor of the place is really nice it has a really cool modern / asainy theme to it. The best part is that on a hot summer day its gorgeous because the majority of the club is outside and you can see the stars and just enjoy the nice weather.Pretty people. Hot go go dancers. I'm a girl and when I saw these dancers, I was like Dayuumm! Mmm music was okay... a tad too much techno/electronica/dance etc...even tho that's the new hip thing.The only complaint might be that the dance floor is small and it's hard to dance when there's an endless line of people filing past you trying to cut through from the entrance to the pool area. Dear Dude who touched my behind...not cool.
3	This place is super expensive, and its so crowded that I got burnt by someone cigarette TWICE in one night. I think its a nice club, but defiantly overrated. The music was good, but I didn't like how jam packed they made this place. The swimming pool area is neat though on the brighter note.
5	Officially my favorite nightclub in vegas...SO incredibly spacious, always headlining awesome EDM DJs ...lots of outdoor SEATING and walking around space...a pool to dance in!! No really..you're allowed to dance in it (well, no one's stopped me the pass few times). The only downside is the dance floor is super small...but luckily that's where the spacious outdoors come into play...because you can enjoy the music from every spot. The sound system is great.Table service is great too..they have private cabanas if you don't wanna be invaded by drunk passer-bys. I also like how you can just chill and walk around (barefoot if you like) on the comfy red carpet of the Wynn OR the Encore after a long night of dancing and just enjoy the gorgeous scenery/lighting of the two hotels.
4	XS always have the hottest DJ's spinning, no doubt about that. It's WORTH the hype and worth the price of admission, well usually. I'd get that presale especially cuz guys are going to have to pay most of the time unless you roll through with a good amount of females. Came to see TIESTO and manufactured surperstars which was poppin! TIESTO ripped me in half and sew me back together ... def one of the best DJ's ever. Ever seeing him last year def made me want to see him again. C'MON!They always have a line to get in if you're rollin with a bunch of dudes. So def go with some females or inquire about bottle service weeks in advance. The crowd here is always good and drinks are not too bad. Def cant wait to be back
4	Redefining Nightlife in Las Vegas. Where else can you see World Class DJ's like Deadmau5, Steve Aoki, Calvin Harris, and Tiesto at such an intimate venue?  Upscale nightlife, amazing sound system.....Glitters, pumps, and drips of XS.....
5	XS I LOVE YOU! I spent nearly 100 dollars on a measly 5 drinks, gave the bartender an excessively happy tip, and got barked at by the bouncers, but I had a wonderful time here. It's everything Marquee is not. Easy entrance for a group of girls, popular yet not crazily so, and spacious enough for us to dance and take a breather, all while taking in the scenery and skankiness around us. I loved that the bathrooms were so OPEN.   Definitely an up-scale crowd who knows to have fun. And kudos - no puke on the floor!!!!!PS: I'm getting tired of alllll the house though. I can only fist pump for so long.
1	I changed my mind. My last visit reaffirms that XS is far too overrated.I'm not quite sure why any female would enjoy this place. I will recount my experience: My female friends and I are all dancing on the dance floor, which is small enough to make any claustrophobic freak out. (You'd think with the several million/billion/whatever dollars they spent on this place they would have bothered to make the dance floor bigger.) Not even after two seconds did we situate ourselves on the dance floor did at least half a dozen creepy guys attack us from all corners. When looks of disgust did not rid them of us, we resorted to pushing. Very surprisingly, they took this as encouragement to try and dance with the other members in our group. It was then I realized we were dealing with a new species of Creepy Males. I had never been more fearful.Maybe it's something they put in the water at XS, but the guys in this club are far more creepier than any other club I've been to. Combine that with unfriendly bouncers hurling saliva and screaming in your face to "MOVE, MOVE, GET OUT OF THE WAY" while briefly convening FAR AWAY from the entrance, and I don't even want to bother.
5	Yes.  Everything about it is awesome.  The lights, the DJ's, the way its big, but intimate... if that makes sense.  Its open, no weird halls, or bulky bars like TAO.  Its a big open air room with everyone facing the DJ who is the nucleus of any good club.  The dance floor is far enough away from everything so you aren't smashed against people dancing.Dress to impress, bring a good attitude, and go with bottle service.  Mondays are the best IMO.  Filled, but not packed.
5	Came here the first night of our Las Vegas trip (on a Monday). It was a little quiet at first, but definitely got better as the night went on. My boyfriend and I were a little confused, because you don't enter through the giant XS sign, but through the pool area? We couldn't find the coat check, so I spent the whole night holding onto my jacket. But, the music was pretty good, but I'm not a huge house music fan, and the space is very nice. It is definitely way better than any of the clubs I've been to in NYC. Everyone is super dressed up and everything just seems classier. Definitely hit up a promoter though. My boyfriend and I were able to get in for free while we saw other people paying at least $20.
2	The actual club itself was nice... like, pretty nice.  It was a lot smaller than I expected.  I went on a friday night and I just wasn't feeling the music... then again, that whole electronic thing just isn't for me.We (5 girls in our group) had a host walk us in, but we still waited in line for a good 10 minutes.  Perhaps I'm spoiled (I don't usually do the wait in line for a club thing) but that wait seemed pretty long.Dance floor was crowded, but I guess that's a good thing. I don't know.  I feel like mayyyyybe I'm over the club scene and prefer the lounge scene instead.If you're into the trancey/electronic thing... maybe this club is for you. Me, not so much.
2	XS. The first nightclub I've went to in LV, and damn it's far away from the strip. You know, being the first time, my friends told me glorified stories of the nightclubs in Vegas if you go VIP bottle service. ~$500 per person, get a table, get the bottles, they give you a wristband, and the girls come flocking to you. Well, it's true, to an extent, but after the night I felt I was ripped off outta my ass. So, where do we begin...First of all, no wristband, just a stamp. And what the fuck, a pineapple? Well we're in for a nice ass fucking with this shit. So we went and ordered bottle vip service. Total cost of the drinks + tax + tips on the bill ITSELF totaled to almost... well you can imagine. Oh I loved this, the host never came to bring us to our table, and had the waitress do it instead. No, seriously, I do love this, because I don't have to tip her the $100 for showing us the table, unlike what we did during our stay at Marquee. Seriously, I cannot stress enough about never to trust the waitresses or the waiters in Vegas. The waitress will pour the shit out of the alcohol for you, then as soon as you put your cup down, the waiter will immediately swoop in and "clean" your cups. Each time they clean my shit, it costs us around $40 worth of alcohol that we didn't finish. Even if we put a napkin on top of it, they still take it. This "cleaning service" is more expensive than getting an Asian massage, I swear the god. So anyway, first time she offered, I was naive and said sure, give me some goose and sprite. Holy shit, she poured half the cup filled with goose. I took one sip, this shit was stronger than a AMF. So yeah, like I mentioned, I putted it down,  within 1 minute, the waiter came and took it away to give us the new cups. So when the waitress later returned, I said "No, I'll pour it myself." She gave me like an angry look or something, man, come on bitch, I'm starting to realize we're tipping these big titted sluts $400 so they would LEAVE US ALONE, not to come and pour us drinks. Get the FUCK outta here! Oh by the way, the shot cups they give us are double shots. And they refuse to give us that pouring tip thing that you can fit on bottles to prevent spills. More ways to eat up our money. The bouncers here were friendlier than the ones at Marquee. For one, my friend left to go Surrender and couldn't come back in. I went to the entrance to meet him, and the bouncer happened to recognize me, and after showing him my lovely pineapple pimp stamp, he let us back in. So much better than fucking Marquee.  I can't believe I'm saying this but I'm going to have to give them dibs for putting some kinda weird shit in the urinal. Seriously, whatever this is, it "absorbs" the piss to prevent much noise (not that you can hear that shit in a club anyways) and prevents the splishy splashy. Man, it was like a silencer being fitted into my cock. I was blasting away without having to care less about anyone hearing it. Oh awkward moments - they have people in the room offering you cologne or to wipe your hands for hopes of tips. I politely turned them down and proceeded to wash my hands. This guy puts his hand in front of the sensor so the water would come down for me as a "convenience." Okay? No offense dumbass, but when I stick my hand under the facet to wash it, then sensor can still sense my god damn hands, I don't need you to stick your hands there so close to mine. You wanna hold it? I'm surprised you guys aren't offering to shake it clean for me then. What really brought my cum to a boil is when towards the end we had half a bottle of goose left, and the waiter came and took away our chasers and bucket of ice. Okay, what the fuck? We still have a fucking goose left, and if we "price" it towards your standard, that's equal to around $250 left of drinks on our table. But yes, I guess that means shit when each table costs at least $2.5k. It's okay though I guess, funnier to drink with the girls without the chaser haha. But still, it was a bitch thing to do. This place is smaller than Marquee. For one, it's only one floor. No need for some shittyass steel in case of emergency exit staircase. Once you get out, it's still the luxury of the hotel, which is nice I guess. But luxury comes with anal-ness - there were chairs in the hallway but the security guards wouldn't let us sit on the chairs. What the fuck? All in all, I had a better time at this place, but after sobering up, reality then bites me in the dick and tells me it is not worth it to spend $500+ per night on this shit. There's so many cheaper alternatives than this - a sexy massage, a sexy escort, even fucking rhino, but I guess if you want to piss with a silencer stuck on your unit, then this is the place to go.
4	Soooo crowded when we went, because the Nervo twins were DJing and Calvin Harris was there for his birthday (he was going to DJ the night after). That is probably the only reason that I wouldn't give XS 5 stars - I felt almost like they should have just stopped letting people in at one point, instead of just concentrating on making money. It was soooo hard to find any room at all on the huge dance floor, especially because people were drunk and shoving and dancing pretty violently (LOL) since the music is all EDM. Out of the 3 clubs I went to (Tryst, XS, Marquee), it seemed like XS had the best crowd - everyone was on the younger side and really good looking ;) I can't wait to come back sometime in the summer, because the POOL looks gorgeous, especially at night.
5	Call me old school, but this is one of my favorite spots in Sin City. Fromt he first time I went, I loved the set-up, the music and everything about it. Yes, it's Vegas and it's hard not to have a good time but I've been to most clubs on the strip and this is still by far my favorite. You can dance and the dance floor is huge, you can dance on the side lines and there are no annoying bouncers to push you out of the way every 10 seconds. You can hang out outside and just chill. The people are usually cool, but in recent years I've seen a decline in the quality of the crowd. Either way, if you have your own friends you'll be fine so don't worry about everyone else.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this club! It's been my favorite since it first opened up in Encore. I'm told the owner or designer of this club is from Miami so they based the decor off of Miami clubs. And if this is what Miami clubs are like I definitely want to go party there! It's a more open club because the dance floor opens up into the pool area. And not a tiny little balcony like Tryst, but you can walk around the pool and sit outside to get some air or a smoke. That was always my one complaint about clubs is how hot they get and how they need more ventilation especially when it gets PACKED. Everyone just gets super sweaty and that's no fun. it's definitely a classy place and an awesome club. I've been told by friends that in the spring/summer times (the season I don't go because Vegas is too hot for me), is when they have "pool party club nights" at XS. I don't really get how that works, you go clubbing in your bikini then? Or you just hang around the pool? Not sure how that works but kinda cool they're mixing it up. Like any other club in Vegas, go early or you'll be waiting a long line. Unless you have bottling service of course. Or a group of all girls always helps a bit.
3	Everyone in the club was all pumped up when my friends got there at around midnight on a Saturday. It had an amazing setting: poles for girls, platforms to dance on and a huge dance floor which was packed to the brim! The landscape leading up to the club was very artsy, great for taking pictures.If only it weren't for the DJ playing latin techno house music that night, my friends would've stayed longer. As the night progressed, our energy started to die down and because drinks were placed on these seat-side platforms, they got knocked off a lot and it was hard to dance on a slippery platform. My opinion may be biased due to my personal taste in music but there's no doubt this club's definitely worth checking out, just make sure you check who the DJ is beforehand.
5	XS has really changed since the last time I've been here, and that was only a year ago.  One huge change they made is the DJ stage they put up.  The dance floor used to have access to outside, but they put the stage there so you have to walk around the sides to get outside.  Another change they made is booking these big name DJ's to put on stage.  I also noticed the set-up for the line for XS has changed.  So, I came here over the weekend for a friend's birthday, and we got bottle service for 12 people.  A little disappointed at the location and size of our table.  Our table could only seat 5 people, and the table was outside, so we couldn't see the DJ perform from our table.  You'd think we'd get a better table for spending a few racks.  Maybe it's because we reserved out table only a week ahead, probably should have done that a month before.  Other than that I had a great time; I was feeling myself.Sebastian Ingrosso was spinning that night, and I have to say he tore it up.  The DJ stage is definitely an upgrade.  Actually feels like the dance floor is bigger.  I must have spent the first 2-3 hours at the table drinking because by the time I got out to the dance floor, I was on. And once I got to the dance floor I didn't leave.  The music was so on point.  It had me fist pumping and jumping for another 2-3 hours straight.  I didn't even mention the lights.  It was like an upscale mini rave in that piece.  Only qualm about the music was it was electronic all night.  I would have liked a little hip hop to bump and grind with the ladies.I would give XS 4 stars, but here's where they earned a bonus star.  The first time I had bottle service at XS was a couple years ago, and one of the people in our group was over and passed out at our table.  Security then proceeded to kick that person out of the club.  This week was completely different.  We had not one but TWO people that were completely faded and passed out at the table AND it was before midnight.  Security didn't approach to us once!  In fact, we took it upon ourselves to get them out of the club.
4	Saw Sebastien Ingrosso here on my 21st birthday. I love this club! The decor is beautiful, and the crowd is always energetic. What I love about the floor: If you're in front of the DJ stage, you can easily see the night sky. It's so pretty! and really refreshing. I guess one con about his set-up is that sound doesn't travel very well. The music is loud enough for you to enjoy but definitely not as loud as I've heard, and that I prefer, in other clubs.There is also an outdoor pool area that was visible from my Encore suite. I didn't get a chance to venture outside, but from the view I saw from my room: classy, breathtaking, just like the rest of the club.Since I stayed at Encore, I loved how close this club was to our room! I would recommend coming early to get stamped (I think box office opens at 9?), then going back up to your room to pre-game/drink/chill, then come back down around 11. We actually got side-tracked and didn't step into the club until after 12.Cons:Drinks are pretty weak here ): I had several on my 21st and most of the buzz I felt was definitely from alcohol I had before coming in.The Sunday resident DJ. We decided to pay a visit to XS again Sunday night, staying close to the room since we had a 6am flight Monday morning. The Sunday resident DJ was awful. He had no sense of the energy of the crowd, and it sounded like he was just messing around and playing random songs. I've seen/heard a lot of DJs and this was definitely the worst set I ever heard. I wanted to just drink lightly, chill and enjoy my last night in Vegas, but the horrible music just killed the mood for me.
4	I was only here for like an hour or so before me and my friend left but I had the most amazing time!!! Good looking crowd ;) ;) (seriously)  Met the cutest guy only to get separated :( Good musicccc. Only downside was it was sooooooo freaking packed that trying to get a drink at the bar was going to take like an hour so me&my friend decided against it & just went dancing sober.  Sober and I STILL had an amazing time! :) (thats why im giving it 4 stars, because of the long line to get a drink)Got them fun stripper poles to dance on also!! && as my friend and I were walking to meet our friends.. some guy with a table was making it rain with dolla bills!! Seriously, this guy was just throwin his money in the air for people to get! It was awesome.Definitely a new favorite of mine!
4	This used to be my favorite clubDesign: when you first walk in there's outlines of naked girls in gold on the wall giving XS a great ambiance. The design of this club is amazing, the lights the setup of the tables makes you feel like your in an opera theater. All the lights camera action is on you! The lights are super bright and crazy also sometimes they throw confetti which looks cool in the light. Music: I would say XS competes with Marquee big time, both clubs are the major bookers for headliners. Like Skrillex, Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Afrowack, etc. because this club is "up there" they have to book big. They throw crazy parties. This place is huge especially during summer but I went when Afrowack was playing. The place wasn't so packed but they again I think I walked in like 1:30AM LOL Dancing: I was surprised there was a lot of room to dance on the dance floor, but my friends and I found ourselves near the strippers poles. A lot of girls were dancing there too and oddly no one was mean or bitchy. Line: there's no guest list on the weekends so don't even try, we walked in with a promoter plus we had 6 girls so its never hard for a big group of girls to get in but the line was ridiculously long even at 1:30AM when I decided to hop over after visiting surrender and tryst to finally end up at XS lol..Bouncers: At XS they don't mess around trust me, no sense of humor for a drunk girl like me. Thank god I didn't kicked out. Bartenders didn't go to the bar but I passed by it, super busy at all times. Drinks were probably over priced but that's Vegas for ya.
2	This is very hard to rate because I've been to XS multiple times but this most recent time I went, totally disgusted me. XS is the shit when the first couple of times I went, I won't lie about it. The place is amazing and even if the music is not for me, I still have fun. But the problem lies in the staff. Staff:  The staff kills the rating of this place totally. I didn't want to resort to this but since XS hired these people, I'm guessing they represent XS to the fullest and what they stand for. First off, I understand how vegas works with a group of guys and such. I understand they are not going to let hella guys in. That's a fact. But when I'm in front of the line and you stop me there for 3 hours, that's plain disrespectful and rude. I understand that the "bouncers" take their "fair share" so guys can go in, but to leave me for 3 hours at the front of the line and didn't even greet me, that was the last straw. Not only that, I was disrespected at the register by the cashiers because I guess they thought it was funny seeing me stand at the front of the line and not move. Hilarious I tell you. I normally do not write bad reviews, but for this place to irk me this bad-- I just couldn't believe it. Final Verdict: Go here if you like, it's a cool place...but again just make sure you don't mind being treated like low class citizens. Just so you all won't think I'm just being a little cry baby, I decided to do a test on Saturday night at the BEST club in Vegas at the busiest night also, MARQUEE. Get this....me and my friends already got bottle service so no need to wait in line, but to prove a point, I made us wait in the general admission line anyway. So as I waited in line, 3 staff from MARQUEE came up to us and greeted us and was very polite to us. When they found out we had a lot of guys he let us know that it would be a long wait. Maybe an 1 hour or so before we get in. Again, I understand Vegas, so I was cool about it. Within the next 15 minutes or so, another staff member came back to us to check on us and made sure if everything was ok. DAMN what great service and staff. See that's all it takes. After that we just left to the bottle service line and got in. MARQUEE's staff stood out and was very pleasant. XS not only did you just lose a client, you lost all respect with me. Don't worry, YELP is not the only place to write reviews.
4	Passive aggressive is when the bouncer is being a dick and I start singing Daniel Powter's 'So You Had A Bad Day' a couple feet away. So it's a pain to get in especially for guys (expect to get a table).  But once in it's pretty fun.  Expect literally every single guy w an earpiece to try to hit u up for a 150 to 300 tip for a better table location.  Else they will relegate u to the "least" desirable table they can find for not following the "rules".  They've apparently unionized bribing, so don't expect to find a weakest link. Summer better bc they open up the outside so it doesn't get stiflingly crowded inside. If u bring/wear a swimsuit in summertime, u can enter the pool all night long.  Now if u strip down to your boxers and enter pool it will take abt an hour for them to notice.  Empirical evidence suggests they will sternly ask u to rerobe vs asking u to leave, such is the nice treatment afforded bottle paying customers. Now if the night has winded down and u r still hankering for more, it would not behoove u to duck under an empty bar and fix urself, along w any other passing guests, a drink.  Their earpieced maroon blazers will find u w surprising alacrity (yes, alacrity).  U would likely find urself in a brightly lit waiting area w other misfits and if u play ur cards right nothing more than a stern spanking.Couple of the ladies complained of some Creepies. Haha. Sorry ladies dis is not a wine bar.  Shoulda gone to Napa if ya didn't wanna get hit on. Hint: position one of your girlfriends that u secretly hate in between u and the charging Rhinoceros and kill 2 birds w one stone. Problem solved.  Booyah!
5	Awesome! I was here a few years ago and it was just as fun.  It's a large open space with a huge dance floor and the people there were awesome.
5	I actually went to this club a while back.To tell the truth I recently signed up just because i was dying to review this night club!XS! This is THE night club that all the other clubs in the country want to be.XS has a huge dance floor, the pool (!!!!), seats everywhere good looking ppl everywhere, awesome awesome lightings and music.Man.., please tell me how I could ever make a successful night club like XS??? Love the fact everyone there is so happy.I don't think I need to sat too much to describe how gorgeous this night club is as everyone seems to know this is THE hottest club u always want to be at.Big thanks to my friend who took us here and let us have the greatest time.Thanks to all the staff who let us get drunk and made us feel like we r always welcomed!We r going back.Soon. Maybe tonight u never know! lol
5	THIS is where you want to spend your birthday! I came here with a group of friends expecting to have a good time, but ended up having a GREAT time! Haha!I actually liked this place a lot better than Marquee. The music was a hell of a lot better. Moving around on the dance floor was easy and I can tell you we had the most fun dancing in the very front near the DJ. There's just less people elbowing you or accidental booty bumps! Make sure you move along and not stand around when you're not on the dance floor. The bouncers will tell you to keep moving.Drinks are expensive of course, but that's why you have friends who know promoters with free drink cards. Make sure you still tip the bartender though. I easily got my drink from the bar outside.The highlight of my night was bumping into Wong Fu Productions, David Choi, and a bunch of other YouTube stars on the dance floor!!!! I couldn't help but running up to Philip Wang and hugging him like a crazed fan! They said they were here for their friend's birthday as well. Despite my calloused feet, it was an amazing night!
5	XS...XTRA SEXY - Definitely the night of the trip where you want to look your snazziest. Everyone is dressed to impress!XTRA SOPHISTICATED - The club is gorgeous, huge dance floor inside and outside, big chandelier-ish looking thing that only sober people would notice.XTRA SORE (?) EARS - Lots and lots of house music. PREPARE THY FISTS FOR EPIC FIST PUMPAGE...XTRA SPECIAL - MY FAVE NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS! Hands down.Okay that was corny as hell but basically...I've been here for bottle service and non-bottle service shenanigans, and both times were hella fun. The bottle service is very efficient but a tad expensive. but bleh it's nothing less than what you'd expect for bottle service in Vegas. The lady was super attentive, and I don't know why but do they always have to put pens and credit cards in their cleavage?? We got upgraded for free to a larger table right next to the dance floor so that was pretty dope. Some table also made it rain the last time I was there, and we ended up copping enough dollars to get a free cab ride home for me and my girls. whaaat it dooo.Whenever my friends and I do Vegas, we MUST hit up XS. It's pretty much the established rule... don't act like you don't know!
5	I've had my share of XS & it still is list of "definite clubs to go to" prior to ANY Vegas trip. I absolutely LOVE XS! :D I've gone through a front entrance & a back entrance during the times I've been here. If anything, go to the front entrance. I'm not really sure what the back entrance is all about. I only ended up there because the limo dropped us off closer to that entrance...which kinda messed us up later when we were going inside.This club is sooo GORGEOUS! :) It's definitely one of the clubs where you wear your "best outfit." Dress to impress! As you walk in & reach the top of the stairs, your eyes get bigger at such a pretty sight (unless you're already super drunk, then you see the blurred 'XS' sign shining at you, haha!). Music NEVER fails me here! Definitely keeps me on the dance floor..unless my heels have gotten the best of me, haha! ;PWinter time. They close off the outside :( But the club is still really good! It's still spacious enough. Dance floor gets crowded, but that's a good thing (for the most part).Summer time. It's fair game! Haha. LOVE LOVE LOVE the outside area of XS. It's hugeee. & people are just having a great time...everywhere! The daybeds & pool are a GREAT PLUS. If XS is a definite must in the winter time, it's an ABSOLUTE/DEFINITE MUST in the summer time!! XS, I'll definitely see you next time that I'm in town ;)
4	CAMER HERE TO SEE TIESTO !!XS is super gorgeous. It is not as big as Marquee, but this place is pretty roomy as well.
5	Got in free through a friend's contact-  VIP entrance came with no line waiting and 4 free drink vouchers- drinks were delicious. Spent only $3 the whole night and had a blast, so I have to give XS 5 stars.  Beautiful interior, lighting, great DJ. Clean and spacious bathrooms! Young and well dressed crowd. There are also places to sit if you get tired, without bouncers shooing you away. Best part was the FREE water!!!!- something they should  give out in every club when ppl get dehydrated easily from alcohol and dancing. Only gripe is that for such a big club, the dance floor is too small, which means it gets very crowded. Would love to return during a summer night!
5	I have been to XS at least a dozen times and each experience has been totally awesome. I remember the first time I walked in I was blown away by how stunningly beautiful the decor is - the inside is rich with gold sculptures and huge chandeliers and the outside pool area is like a magical playground for classed-up adults. Lots of room for dancing and I love how much of the club is outside. You can easily cool off if you are sweating too much on the dance floor, or even slip out of your high heels and dip your feet in the pool. Grassy garden areas are great for chilling out and taking a break from the madness. Bars inside, outside and in the center of the pool allow for easy access to your Red Bull and vodka and tequila shots. GREAT DJS! Tiesto is a resident here and I have seen Calvin Harris and Avicci here as well. So fun!!! Great music! You will be dancing until your high heels make your feet bleed!PLEASE GET HERE EARLY! The line gets insane sometimes, and you might have to wait even if you are a girl / guest list. Of course getting a table always helps but it's not cheap, especially when major DJs are spinning or it's a holiday weekend.  The line sucks - trust me, you would rather be inside getting your grove on. I know, I know, it's hard to get anywhere before 11 pm in Vegas but try your best so you aren't stuck outside the club for what can literally be hours (especially if you are a guy or with a guy or not as pushy with the bouncers as my friends and I are). Also, as you might expect, drinks are ridiculously priced so try to get nice and buzzed before you get here!A guy I was dating took me here for the first time on one of our first dates and I had such a good time that I ended up dating him for the next 2.5 years - ha!
4	This used to be the GO TO club for me on Mondays (because its Industry Night of course!). The lines maybe long, but XS is pretty efficient at keeping the line moving fairly quickly (and this is in comparison to hours of waiting. You'll get in for sure to bust a move. Some places feel like a complete long shot in getting in). Afrojack occasionally guest DJs. So I only go when I can get myself inside to see Afrojack.They used to play ALOT of top 40 hits, and you could frequently find those high rollers throwing money in the sky (I managed to grab a few bills, like $15 worth). If you're down for Tiesto, who is a resident DJ here, definitely come by. If you're good at the shuffle. Definitely stop by here for a night full of shuffling.Sometimes they open the poolside depending on how busy it is. The bouncers here are lenient and friendly. If you're down to get in quickly and cut the line, expect yourself to be slipping a few extra dollars to the bouncer to cut through (on top of the $30 entrance fee for non locals).Drink prices? It's a good $12 for a shot of patron here, and $8 for your cheapest cocktail mixer (I mean a small hint of bottom shelf vodka and a WHOLE LOT of cranberry). So if I were you, I'd pre-drink before I get there, and just buy one cheap cocktail to hold around for the rest of the evening if you're on a budget (ain't no shame in that if you're trying to save some cash!).They do have these awesome mini stages and dance poles you can dance on if you're brave or drunk enough.
5	Juicy Club with Dj Tiesto and Paris Hilton!!!!Love this club, they have great trance music. Place is big outdoors and have a beautiful scenery. Last time we went we saw Paris Hilton and Dj Tiesto was spinning. The tables here are bigger and have more room to move, especially if you're outdoors. While you're waiting for the club, the slots at Wynn or Encore are really fun too!! =)
5	Best club in Vegas in my opinion. No stairs like Marquee! Open area w. lots of seating with a pool to dip your feet in or swim in if you are up for it! Lines get long so unless you know someone or have bottle service, get there early.
3	You know...The first time I went to this club, I was in awe. I remember entering through the front - it was dark and whatever just like any other club, walked up some steps, and turned to an AMAZINGLY open area. At first, I didn't know it was the pool so I thought it was soooooooo coool!The club itself is nice. great layout. absolutely love that.Outdoor by the pool. plenty of places to sit for your sore feet.It gets crowded though.music is weird. hmm, actually, music is BAD. The novelty of this club definitely wore off the 2nd time and other times i've come.i would not want come to this club again when in vegas.... BUT, if you have never been here, DO CHECK IT OUT! For me, it was pretty breathtaking lol :D Make sure to enter through the front and not the back(which leads you directly to the pool area).
5	XS is high-up on my list of favorite clubs.I catch myself comparing any club with a pool, a fountain, or a waterfall to XS. Mainly because no one did decor better than they did. As far as decor, design, and beauty, XS takes the cake! ENTRANCE: As a local girl who goes out several times a week, ease of getting in is quite important. Usually, I'll go on a Sunday or Monday, their industry night. Walk-in is pretty quick and the list I'm on gets me 2 drink tickets. God knows a Crown & 7 tastes so much better when its free. NO GL ON WEEKENDS: XS doesn't need a guestlist on the weekends. They have a cult following of partiers. If my friends don't buy a table or my other friends who work here don't walk me in--I won't be found at XS on a Friday or Saturday. As a local, fighting lines is not my style. And weekends are pure madness here. MADNESS. On occasion, they'll close the pool area, and the main club inside gets too crowded for comfort.MUSIC: XS took a page out of Surrender's book. I'm guessing the music directors had a meeting and decided to start sharing headliners contracts? Afrojack, Aoki, Wolfgang, Skrillex, Dada Life, the list goes on! If you're new to the EDM scene and jumped on the bandwagon in the past year, the XS line-up of artists will be right up your alley. HOUSE HOUSE HOUSE.SERVICE: Bartenders are quick and get your drink right the first time. I haven't had any issues with credit cards charges here. If you're thinking tables, in my experience, the girls have been quite attentive.XS is doing it right!Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
3	The first time I went to XS about a year ago, the experience completely blew my mind.  The venue was stunning, and you entered through the side of the club, from the outside area so you had the perfect view of the dance floor, pool area, and gambling tables.  The dance floor was open, so you could look out over the pool and at the Wynn and Encore while enjoying the music.  The best part was, there was a lot of space to navigate because you could walk right off the floor to the outside patio area. However, going back a second time after the changes they made to the venue, I got a totally different impression.  They've since closed off the floor, so now you have to go through a door either on the left or right sides of the club to get to the inside or outside part of the club.  Also, the club was extremely overcrowded, and bottlenecked at those two spots.  The floor was packed, enough room to stand and move up and down but not really dance.  When our group got separated the people tried to get back inside, the bouncers were actually blocking the doors, and requesting bribes in order to get back  in.  This is after dropping $50 cover for guys, and $20 for ladies.  This went on for about an hour before people were finally about to move around again.Definitely a 5 star rating hands down after the first experience.  Now, it gets a 3.  I don't know why they made the changes they did, but please bring back the old XS!
5	If you wanna party with the beautiful people this is the place to be!This club was pretty amazing besides the rude stuck up guy at the podium when we picked up our tickets earlier in the day. Kind of put a bad taste in my mouth but i am not going to judge the club soley on his bad attitude. We purchased presale tickets which i highly recommend to anyone who wants gauranteed entry to the club. This place gets packed quick! We arrived to the club around 1015pm and literally walked right in because we had presale tickets so that was awesome. It was a really beautiful club inside and out. drink prices seemed normal about 13.00 a drink. We were very lucky to have a friend end up buying a cabana so we had our own private space which gave us a good view of the crowd down below. By the time Calvin Harris came on at about 130am the dance floor was packed. Packed enough to where they would not let anyone on the dance floor pretty much for the rest of the night, so that was kind of a bummer. But besides those two things had a really great time here i thought it was a great venue.i definitely will be back again!
5	This place is insane.  I went there this past weekend to see Calvin Harris spin and he did not dissapoint.  I would definitely reccommend bottle service otherwise it is a total cluster f%$k.  You're looking at 500.00 a bottle, but if you're going to go you may as well go big.  Got in at 11:00 and the place was already hopping.  Good looking crowd and opulent decor.  Left at 4:30 and the place was still going off like it was 1:00 a.m.
5	Ahhh, XS. No other nightclub is more beautiful and divine to visit on a cool, Saturday night. If you're looking for good music, spectacular views, and a great crowd, then this is the place to be. I've been here quite a few times already, and I gotta say, this place has always been the highlight of my Vegas trips. Not only is the decor and layout of the club amazing, but the entire vibe of the place just screams a good night. Get here early if you're looking to party here, because on crowded weekends, the line can stretch really far down the hotel. My friends and I bought pre-sale tickets to see Calvin Harris this past weekend, so we didn't have to wait in line. XS is a place where the ladies get dolled up to their finest and the gentlemen break out their dress shoes and freshly ironed dress shirts. The club boasts a pretty good-looking crowd and people are generally nice here. Watch out after 12AM because that's when people start getting uhhh..super friendly. But that's to be expected when there are 5 bars in all different corners of the nightclub. Music is just the best here. Calvin Harris was amazing and definitely made my night better. There's nothing like kicking off your heels, dipping your feet into the pool and dancing in the water along with other party people to some good EDM. Most of the night was a bit of a blur, although I vaguely recall my klutzy side coming out as the night got later. Note: If a guy asks you to dance, NEVER EVER challenge him to do the running man first, and then attempt to do better than him after he fails. You will trip and fall flat on your face, resulting in epic failure and bruised knees and egos. Le sigh. It's okay, I was forgiven though. Drinks are quite strong here, so at least they are worth their price. If I recall correctly, an average priced drink would be around $14-16. XS has been my first choice to party whenever I'm in Vegas and it remains so till this day. Bring your lovely lady friends, your man friends, and your cell phone to drunk text your best buddies from the club, while dancing underneath a clear night sky.
4	we were told upon arrival that we would have to wait in line although we were promised by the guy who hooked us up on a guest list that we wouldn't have to deal with either cover or line. however, it moved fast for how long it seemed, and the free entry end of the deal held up, so things were off to a pretty good start. the place was already comfortably full (dance floor was pretty much packed but there was good room to move around between the bars and tables) at 11:30. it still took more than a few minutes than i would have liked to get a drink (and btw, the amount of money i ended up spending on drinks more than made up for not having to pay cover). after i'd taken a few sips while chatting with my friend, i turned around to face the entry stairwell and saw a massive wave of people flowing in. it was clear that we had gotten in just before the midnight mass.. at this point, i realized that unless you staked out a spot on any one of the elevated platforms overlooking the dancefoor, or bought or friended your way to a table, it would just be too much a physical crush for it be even remotely enjoyable. so my friend and i jump up on the back of one of the banquets to get a look at the scene from above.. and hello VIEW, this club is insanely beautiful looked at from above. the massive crowd on the dance floor being illuminated in interchanging colors (and while i thought the lighting on the dance floor was a tad too bright, it was a perfectly sultry level of dimness throughout the rest of the club); silver confetti spontaneously erupting from a birthday party celebration next to you, calvin harris's infectious sound vibrating throughout the room- it's just what you imagine a party in vegas should look and sound like- my bar is high, and this doesn't disappoint. spectacular is the word that comes to mind to describe a snapshot image of a saturday night here.couple this with the fact that i ended up serendipitously looking down and spotting a high school friend i hadn't seen in nearly a decade who graciously entertained us at his table- and you've got yourself a proper vegas night. the drawbacks of a sometimes uncomfortably crowded space and expensive drinks were mollified by the energy, musical talent, and collectively positive vibe of the crowd.
4	OK, so I've been here like 3 times at least. And seriously, I don't mind the cover charge or the long lines. What I do mind is that now it's starting to turn Saturday night into "we've got the coolest celeb DJ" night (Tiesto, DeadMau5, Calvin Harris, etc.) This in turn means they close off the pool area and it's like 1000x more packed than it should be. It made it way more difficult to get around and they closed off the pool area. I hope this doesn't happen all the time now! The last time I came here was about 2 years ago and then probably 3 years ago before that. Anyway, I'm still giving it 4 stars because in my book XS was 5 stars, before starting to get all these DJs in. Now it just feels like I'm in the Sahara tent at Coachella.
4	Everytime I roll through to Vegas, this is one of the clubs I always stop by to, depending on the night/weekend and what time you arrive, you could expect terrible lines, or you can breeze on in, prices vary depending on the night, it could sometimes be $30, or sometimes be $80, like I said, depends. Calvin Harris was playing this past Saturday and the price was $50, but on a specific weekend, when there was no special DJ playing, I paid $50 to get in, so prices just fluctuate like odds in sports betting, sometimes Vegas feels it is going to be poppin, sometimes not.As for the club itself, the prices on their drinks stay relatively the same, i always pay about $15 for a henny & coke, they have a huge outdoor area with a pool, some nights they will open the whole thing where they will even open the tables to play on, some nights they will close the whole outside. This past weekend, the tables were closed off, so one half of the club was pretty much open. Good music tonight, it was mainly electronic/trance music the whole night, don't really remember any hip hop cause well let's face it, I think at that point I got too trashed lol.Shady bouncers like usual that will hustle you to get in...........................................................................................front of the line rofl
5	My friends and I visited XS on a saturday night with bought presale tickets to see Calvin Harris! We are experienced club goers so we know the routine and try to make it as easy as possible.We picked up our tickets earlier that day which by the way the only bad experience I had was from the guy handing out the tickets. Seemed like he had a stick up his butt! But other than that we got our tickets just fine. He told us to be there at 9:30 ppsshh!We arrived at 10:30 and walked right in.If you do not have presale tickets though I did notice around the corner the normal line was long.Once inside the lights and decor grabbed our attention. it set the mood perfectly. We went straight to the bar for some drinks. average prices; I was expecting more because it was Encore but it wasn't bad.The music was awesome! If you Like EDM they were rocking it starting at the beginning of the night. We were lucky to have one of our friends buy a table so we had our own space. Later on in the night Calvin Harris came on and we tried to get on the main dance floor. It was packed, they weren't allowing anyone in on the floor. If you want to dance when the main act comes on try to be on the floor prior.ended up leaving around 2:30- 3ish. Had an awesome time. Just make sure to get presale tix and you should b fine.
5	I don't know how he did it, but somehow my buddy got us ("us" was 5 chicks in short skirts though, so that maaayyy have had SOMETHING to do with it... ) in here without waiting in line OR paying cover AND there was a major artist (Tiesto. Winning.) in that night. Nicely done, I appreciate, especially since one of my rules in Vegas is never to pay cover ;)As soon as we got in there, we were greeted by sweet decor that I have come to expect in Vegas. Drinks were expensive, but hell, if you're expecting one thing in Sin City, it's that. I only had to buy one round, so whatever. For all their expense, the drinks were decent I suppose, nothing really to write home about though.But here's the kicker and why I actually decided to give a nightclub 5 stars (I usually don't, I am not the biggest fan of these hotpools of pretentiousness): they have little walls.Let me explain.See, us girls don't mind dressing up for y'all. I would even go so far as to say we enjoy having people stare at us (within reason, of course. yeah old man by the slots in Encore, I'm talking to you, but I digress...). But damn son, those shoes HURT after about 3 hours of walking around showing off hours of gym commitment. Hence my eternal thanks for XS' little walls where I can sit and relax without shelling out huge amounts of scrilla I do not possess for a table. Thank you for a good time and for your baby partitions XS, I wish more clubs would follow suit.
5	We went to XS in July while in Vegas for a bachelorette party. Since we were on the list, we walked right in. The inside was pretty packed so we spent most of our time outside. We really liked how you can gamble, put your feet in the pool, sit and chat, or dance inside. So many different areas. This club is for everyone & it's definitely my new favorite! Of course it didn't hurt that we found guys to buy us drinks all night :)
5	Disclaimer: This review is written under the pretense that the reader understands the price you pay if you want to party it up on the Las Vegas strip! This venue is for the young adult that indulges in electro house music! Since these guys are also on vacation, they should also understand that drinks will be expensive! With that said...This is the best decorated nightclub in Vegas and it also has some of the prettiest ladies, and recently, Steve Wynn made sure to book the best house dj's in the world to this venue (2012 resident lineup includes Calvin Harris, deadmau5, David Guetta, Tiesto - to name a few). The club looks like Tryst when you enter but is definitely larger and instead of the waterfall of Tryst, XS has a huge outdoor pool with casino tables. Some of my friends that despise cramped nightclubs will venture into this place because the pool area is very wide open and there is alot of room to move around and it is not as dark and packed. This makes it easier for them to pick up chicks. As a Las Vegas local, the best time to hit this venue is on a Sunday night in the summer because they open up the pool and allow club patrons to wear swim attire and jump in!
5	Holy shit, I had the most amazing time EVER at XS. My friend knows a promoter there who got four us (all girls) in for free around 1 am on a Saturday night when Calvin Harris was DJing. First of all, let me just say that EDM is not my thing at all, but Calvin Harris was AH-MAZ-ING. The theatrics and sound were soooooo good -- it was like being at a full-fledged rave. I had a blast dancing, and there wasn't a single creep to be found on the packed floor. My girlfriends and I met so many attractive guys and had a blast. We didn't leave until around 5 am, and even then the place was still packed.Only negative experience was going to the bar and asking for water, only to be charged $16 for two bottles of Fiji. When I explained to the bartender that my friend and I just wanted tap water, she snootily told us to go to the water fountain. Uh... what? Luckily the guy standing next to me at the bar stepped in and bought the water for us :)BY FAR the best clubbing experience I've ever had. I'm totally making a beeline for XS next time I come to Vegas.
4	Oh XS, you're so clever with your name. What does it stand for? XS amount of cover charge (for guys!)? All the asians here (&there are a LOT) wear size XS?Came with the girls for Presidents' Weekend to see Afrojack (who is AMAZING live). The line at 1030 is insane, so I would suggest getting there early and getting in touch with a promoter. If they're nice, they'll walk you in :) Guys, there is no avoiding paying cover charge here, so I hope the sea of asians on a Saturday night is well worth it for you. XS has a really nicely spaced layout, much better than the likes of Marquee. It has a similar feeling to Tryst, but with a better visual display. The main dance floor is kind of small, so get there early! I stood from 11PM-2AM to see front row Afrojack. WIN!The crowd seems relatively younger than the likes of Marquee and apparently TAO (I was super drunk when I went, so the memory's a bit fuzzy). TON OF ASIANS. I bumped into half my social network here this weekend..no lie!Overall, one of my top 3 clubs in Vegas, second to Marquee of course :) They seem to love Paris Hilton because she is ALWAYS there.
5	Love love love XS. This place is great. I love the fact that I can kick my heels off and dance in the pool. They had a great variety of music so ur bound to hear something u like. The vibe is great. Beautiful people everywhere u look. Only thing is of course, drinks are pricey. Get urself crunk before hitting this spot and u be good to go!
5	XS IS JUST DAMN SEXY!I was in Vegas for my birthday a few weeks ago and rather than plead with bouncers/promoters/St. Peter at the door, the guys in my group decided to just skip the line and pay full price at the concierge - we figured since we were guests at the Wynn, we'd get a little break...OUCH!! $65 per person! For those of us in the lower 99% of America, that's a trip to Disneyland, a quarter-tank of gas for the Hummer, and more than twice the money I could've saved had I switched to Geico (true story). It didn't take long for me to realize that the name above the door was really supposed to say: X$************* The Good news:After we each took out small loans to pay our cover charge we went back up to the room so that the girls could put on war-paint and the guys could pre-game. We headed down to XS around 10 p.m. and there was already a line forming at the door. Luckily for us, there was absolutely no one in the prepaid line! in less than 5 minutes, our hands were stamped and we were walking right in through the "XS" letters at the front. No line, no hassle, no "hand$hakes" with the bouncers, and no wait. 10 minutes later, the girls in our group joined us and we all together before walking in.XS was simply amazing. It was just like I had imagined it. The people were hot, the music was sick. There were lasers. The venue was spacious! Not once did I feel like I was on a rail-car to Mumbai. The DJ for the night was none other than Robbie Rivera - absolutely killed at XS that night - playing the kind of music that won't let you leave the dance floor. Based on the music and the venue, you won't find a better club than XS. Since Yelp is about "Real People... Real Reviews", I'll keep it short: This is the GREATEST AND BEST NIGHTCLUB... IN THE WORLDDon't believe me? Ask Tiesto*http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJoh45cr17c
3	My friends and I went to Vegas this past weekend for one of my friends 22nd birthday.  We clubbed hopped and ended the night here. In order for us to get into XS we first had to go to Tryst to get a stamp because they weren't having a guest list at XS. We got here and waited in line. There were like 5 check points within the line and we had to get our IDs checked at every single one and get stamped, do they not trust one person to check IDs?My friends definitely wanted to go to XS because Afrojack was playing. I wanted to go because my sister said it was a nice club. We got into the club and it was SUPER packed. It was so hard to move. I was so irritated because the people that were there that night were so fucken immature. my friends and I were standing in a crowd and then people rush on over to the section we were at and start jumping, screaming, and pushing to get to the front. While they're doing that, you got the security in front of the crowd pushing EVERYONE back. I'm stuck in the middle being pushed forward then being pushed back -______-All the other clubs we went too gave us free drinks, XS didn't.My buzz was killed from all those people who were pushing especially this little asian girl. I'm asian and the asians that act and look like her make me not want to be asian, they make me embarrassed. We didn't even get to go outside to check out the pool. I'm going to give this club another try when I am back in town. Hopefully it isn't as crowded and has classier people.
3	I knew what to expect from this club from ppl who have been there. Heard it was the place to be and the place to be seen. Went there this past sunday night and I tried my hardest to fall in love with the place but it just didnt happen. First we were on the guestlist and in Vegas you know that means shit other then free entry. lol The line ... omg the line.. the Line is very organized and moves quite fast however once you get to the front of one line there is another and then another and then some snotty ass bitch giving you attitude when she takes your name to look on the guest list.. But past all that .. dont sweat the small stuff.  I have no idea how much it really is to get in but over heard it being like 40 per guy for the group in front of us. The club is amazing .. the decor and the whole set up is beautiful it is a must see.....truly beautiful INSIDE... Super packed!!! I mean packed and it felt like the crowd was quite young .. felt like some of the ppl there just got out of high school ..Also it was like I was walking through Chinatown in downtown Manhattan.. Asians everywhere and I mean everywhere. Most of who are white girl wasted falling over themselves like it was their first time drinking.The booze is expensive.. around 10 bucks a beer which isnt unbearable but shots are like 18 each .. golden rule .. pre game.. Now on to the DJ this really bothered me ..bcuz you can get passed the asians and line waiting if there is good music..... i enjoy tiesto and afrojack and even some pauly d ... who we saw this weekend.. they spice it up ... this guy ... he really blew ass. It was hardcore house all the time... I can fist pump with the best of them but my arm does get tired... switch it up ... they did switch to one song... a whitney houston song and thats just cuz she had passed away that week... but after that bam back to beating that beat.I would go back.. when I know who the dj is.. and Id prob designate a Saturday night to XS and get a table which its def worth it so you dont have to be slammed in the crowd
4	I liked this club. I liked it enough to even consider going to it during my next trip. Why? Well, it's because I have a lot of random stories that came from this club. And when you have stories to tell, then that obviously means the club is where it's at. True story.Proof (a couple of stories out of my million): Story #1: The line was really long when my girls and I arrived. I really had to pee because we chugged down hella alcohol before leaving our hotel, and then we decided to chug some more in our classy water bottles while we were in line. OK, well to the point, I had to hold my pee because of my not-so-smart decision to drink that much, and since my group of friends were just a group of 3 girls, the bouncer (or whatever he was) gladly let us in since our vaginas were powerful in that way. (Girl power. Woot.) SO, SO THANKFUL I was in that group of girls (Yes, Vegas just works that way. Girls always get in for free.) And XS gladly let that happen on this wonderful night. I happily got to pee in their toilet before peeing on myself in their long ridiculous line. (We were only half way through their line for Christ's sake!) So coming from that experience, I think XS really likes girls, and I'm a girl, so XS likes me and I like XS.K. Now onto Story #2) It was really crowded inside. As I was passing through crowds, a lot of alcohol spilled on me because people, when in Vegas, do not know how to hold glasses properly as they walk through crowds because they bump into everything, even air. I blame the people and not the club for this though. (It's ok, people, I forgive you.) Even though the crowdedness was a downfall in this club, I was drunk, so I easily forgot that once the DJ that night played some house music I happily bounced to with a really hot guy. Yeah, if it weren't for XS and it's magic letting me 1) cut in line, then 2) make me care less about the crowdedness, and THEN 3) land me a hot guy... then IDK what it is. I'm convinced it's XS' angels sending me down a Vegas miracle. I definitely had a good time.And after that, everything else was a blur. (;Nah, not really. I went to bed at 5am.
3	This place is ginormous!!!  I love the outdoor and indoor options and the lawn area if you wanted to lay down. lol  Great spot, but do not go so early. There's also a shallow pool, I don't know if you can go in at night.  There's an outdoor casino area too with a bar!  So if you're not the clubbing type and want to gamble but yet still be close to your friends, you can do that too!  If you go early its a lot of mid-west old people hamming it up on the dance floor.  Waitresses are cool, but the barbacks were a bit rude and not cute.  This one barback cam right through me and a friend several times while we were talking.  Umm..hello go around us.  He didn't even say excuse me or anything. Just walked right in between us...and MANY TIMES!
3	They changed the layout of the club to have a stage so the "middle" area that used to connect the inside and outside of the club is closed and the only way to get around is from the sides...BAD IDEA XS!!This makes the club feel less streamlined, separates the club into 2 areas, and makes it smaller. Bring the XS I once knew back! Stop trying to copy other clubs to have a centralized DJ stage area, ugh..
4	Every time I think of VEGAS, I think of XS... my absolute favorite club in Vegas!Steve Wynn, you've made Vegas sexy, and you know it. Does LMFAO know about you?PROS:--so sexy, luxurious, grand, extravagant, 100% completely over-the-top, indoor and outdoor dance floor, lots of pools, tables by the pools/ DJ/ etc, hot bartenders, beautiful people, but...CONS:--CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZY line to get in. Knocked off a star because of this! Even if you're on a list or just really, really hot,... it doesn't matter because you will have to wait in line. They're all about exclusivity. --all about house music. Can't hip hop get some love?? :(--expensive drinks- since they have a never-ending line of people waiting to get in, there's no reason for them to give discounts, etc. Expect to pay ~$20 per drink here!--ONLY ONE BATHROOM :( when you enter, down the hall, to your right. True, it has a million stalls but, seriously, ONE bathroom?TIPS:--Try to get a promoter to help you out! XS is one of the most promoted clubs so it should be easy to find someone. Also, promoters can HOOK IT UP... we got a group of girls + a few guys in, FREE, with 2 drink vouchers each, FREE!--Hit up XS first... after 12am, it'll be impossible to get in.
4	GIRL REVIEW(Obviously different)Obviously I had a damn good time.Highlights?Outdoor section, beautiful pool and VIP cabanas.A lot of stripper poles
5	Easily my favorite club in Vegas.The lighting is nice and the decor is sick. The walkways inside is basically a circle that can loop you all the way around the outdoor pool. Sick dance floor with the DJ booth way out of the way. Nothing beats cutting the line and not paying cover ;D. Good times out here for sure.For the longest time, I didn't know "xs" was short for "excess" until one my friends pointed it out. I just couldn't put two and two together. I guess I can blame it on the alcohol.
5	after been to vegas numerous times i can't believe i finally made it out to xs! what took me so long?! no clue.. oh wait, it's bc whenever i want to come here the people i'm with want to go elsewhere.. hmph.. anyway, we got here and didn't have to wait in line long at all.. the guy pulled us out of line and whisked us in with no cover.. yay for being a group of girls in red.. i checked out tryst the night before so i had an idea of what to expect..i walked into this place and fell in love! made the rounds to check the place out and took the mandatory pics outside by the pool (too bad it was too cold for me to dance in the pool.. next time though!)..ran into the new friends i made the night before and they had another table in the middle and GSP (MMA UFC guy) was a the next table over!  the music was good (alesso on a fri) and had a great time.. i'd def come back here again and again and again!
4	absolutely beautiful! celebrated a bachelorette here and had the best time ;) and that's all i'll say because as the saying goes, "what happens in vegas...".
5	One of the top clubs in vegas...definitely. A group of us bought a table and were treated with tremendous service, of course all the waitresses and bus boys were gorgeous. Our table was placed by the bar and I started to worry about my things being taken but low and behold our host Amber showed me a drawer beneath our booth to put our things in which is an extra star just for that. Amber was wonderful and made sure our drinks were always filled. The music was fantastic mixed with top 40/ old stuff here and there and the  sound system was great which is very important to me. The dance floor wasn't too crowded and security was around the dance floor to make sure no one goes crazy. Lovely service, lovely people and awesome club. P.S. make sure to tell your bank you are going out of state before purchasing a table, my credit card did not go through and I have a good limit on it.
5	Hands down my favorite club in vegas, even though I hate it sometimes haha. The club is beautifully decorated and has a good amount of space (not during winter though since they close off the pool area and you can barely move anywhere). XS is more cracking on a Saturday night. Sometimes they will have headliners playing like Thomas Gold and Porter Robinson if you are into edm. They do play hip hop, but only in the first few hours. The dance floor is ridic especially when it gets super crowded. Can barely dance and there are always people walking through.Getting drinks at the bar is a hassle and sometimes a long wait. Good thing I have my boyfriend to get drinks for me. :pThe outdoor area would have to be my favorite. There are beds and pool beds you can chill and lay on. You can also get cabanas, not sure on the pricing. Unlike Surrender, you can stand or dance in the shallow areas of the pool. There is a gambling area in the middle of the pool. Usually black jack and craps. For some reason, every time I gamble at a club I lose. :'(I definitely recommend getting bottle service to avoid the crowd. Plus you get your own area to dance in and there are stripper poles as well. ;)
4	I love XS more than you'll ever know. Well some people know, but they're either a thousand miles away in California or dead so my secret is safe for now.Ever since my senior year of college, XS has been THE go-to nightclub for me in Vegas. You can't beat the gorgeous layout with it's plush seating, high quality stripper poles, tall ceilings, state of the art lights, and large dance floor. I also love that in the warmer months, the club's back wall opens out onto the beautiful pool which comes complete with beds, tables, and private cabanas. Of course, the bars are huge and full of overpriced quality. The DJ is always top notch playing the best mixes. The go-go dancers are always hot and have the sexiest outfits on that I want to steal off their shaking bodies. Now granted I am a girl... er, woman (some might even say attractive woman), so I am able to get a lot of things that many people can't. Women, listen up: make friends with promoters to get you out of the ridiculously long line that starts at 10 o'clock and get you in for free. Actually, just make "friends" with anyone that can get you into the club without waiting whether it be promoters or rich married men who want to feel young standing next to you or Ryan Seacrest. It doesn't really matter! It's Vegas. Because XS is so big, you can ditch them once you're inside. It sounds harsh, but they know what's up. You're not obligated to hangout with a stranger just because they expedited your entrance... Please. Drinks on the other hand is a different story since like any club in Vegas, drink prices are more ridiculous than a strip club in New York! Make nice conversation and only have a drink if they give you the option. Don't bogart their $500 bottle otherwise you'll look like a lush and some other not so nice words. Men, just pray that you'll get in eventually and be prepared to stuff some Benjamins in somebody's pocket the rest of the night.On an interesting yet fun side note, I heard there's a $10,000 drink option at XS that comes with a cocktail and a strand of black pearls. I wonder how many lucky girls have ended up with a black pearl necklace after a night here...
5	My other favorite Vegas club! The decor and design of the interior is so lush, elegant, and posh.The music was so on point. It started with house and some Top 40, but by the end of the night, I found myself rapping along to the likes of both Biggie and Tupac. I didn't catch what DJ it was but whoever it was, kudos to you sir. Our promotor hooked it up too. Get in contact with the right people, and you don't have to pay for anything. Skip the line, get free drinks.
4	My favorite club in Vegas, for sure.  There's always a long line but if you get there early enough, you won't have to wait too long.  What else would you expect from a Vegas nightclub anyway.. Super nice and elegant, always crackin and pretty large dance floor.  I wish they played more hip-hop though, hence, the 4 stars.  Have been coming here everytime I visit Vegas and I always have a good time.
5	XS marks the spot!!!!!!! This has got to be my favorite night club in Las Vegas. I think the first time I ever walked in here my jaw dropped. There's so much space, the interior is beautifully designed, and the outside pool area that's surrounded by cabanas and a gambling section....come on it doesn't get any better than this. I've always had a great time every time I've been here....got in without any problems and free of charge. Except for Halloween weekend my girls and I had to pay $20 cuz obviously it was Halloween and Deadmau5 was spinning. Good music, good vibes, overall good night all around!
2	XS is a great club --- BUT the promoters/hosts are very snobby. Too quick to answer without really trying to help. It's a shame, because once you get inside its really fun. But the people working it doesn't make people want to come back. We got in fine, we only waited 15 minutes when we arrived, no cover charge. But I just hate talking to the first few promoters, cuz they are soOo uptight and I just want to punch them in the face because they are not listening to my questions. And btw, I go clubbing alot, and it's very unnecessary to be this snobby. I love when promoters are super nice and know how to work their guests so they have a great experience. C'mon XS, get the front men promoters together! You know its a stressful job, but you signed up for it. It's Vegas for goodness sake.
3	XS gets a major downgrade due to its pretentious and rude staff (line staff and security). The only people that were nice were the dealers by the pool area and our bartender Jessie.XS opens at 10pm, so I recommend everyone to line up starting at 930-945pm. A large improvement that they have made is that they made little rooms so that the club line does not overflow into the main pathway. This is a smart idea. However, when we were in line, it took so long to get into the club. Not only that, we were on the guest list. It means that the women with me were supposed to get into the club for free. However, you have to get a piece of paper from one of the promoters verifying that you are indeed on the guest list to hand to one of the security guys at the front to let you in. I still had to pay $30 entrance because I am a guy. How sexist huh? We even asked the line staff as we were in line about the guest list process but they don't care. We are paying good money to come here and we don't deserve to be treated like crap.Once we actually get into the club, it was pretty empty because those pretentious party promoters/line staff want to make the appearance that the club is really busy. This is honestly not necessary considering that it gets really packed later on as the night progresses. Of course, the way to start the night is by drinking a shot. So we see Jessie and I make first contact. Jessie is very recognizable by her enormous boobs. She was very nice and recommended shots for us. She made us 4 wet p**sys. However, to fit our group of girls, she creatively changed the name to 4 wet p*nises. So, we went to Jessie for drinks the remainder of the night because she was just that awesome. Also, the caliber of people coming here are just not what it used to be. In particular there was this woman affectionally labeled by Jessie as "barrel roll." She was a hot mess and really surprised that security didn't escort her out. She kept dancing erratically like she was on a barrel like Wild E. Coyote and falling numerous times.On another note, instead of escorting "barrel roll" out, security was more attentive to harassing the customers at the club. I was standing waiting for my friends to come out of the bathroom and the security guard rudely told me I couldn't stand there. So where am I supposed to stand to wait for my girlfriends? This happened to me on numerous occasions. Whatever happened to great hospitality? It is not here. I recommend going somewhere else. Venues in Vegas get old. XS is starting to become that. Three stars is being generous for XS.
5	On point. Plain and simple. One of if not the best club I have been too. Lil John was DJ-ing on a random Monday night.The Bouncers/ guys working the door are actually going to treat you like a human being, and as a regular (albeit well-dress and at least average looking) dude I got in without bringing a trove of 19 year old sorority girls.I would not recommend rolling in as a large group of guys, but at some clubs the doormen are just assholes about that kind of thing. The crew working the lines at XS understand that the line/wait situation is part of your night and it is their job not to fuck that up if they can avoid it.The women inside on a random Monday night were also, quite on point. Maybe L.A. has desensitized me, but I didn't find anyone to be stuck up or feeling themselves a little too much - which happens all the time in clubs.I did get kicked up the pole a few times, but my performance was probably just a little too intimidating :DGood times will be had by all.
4	The classiest and most amazing club I've ever been to hands down! An experience. The outdoors and indoor dance floors are very spacious! Will def go back again :)
5	I really appreciate this club. The open air and the good crowd, and the awesome bartenders. Much much better than Marquee. Plus, you can stay at The Trump or Palazzo and walk here!If you guys have a horrible girl-guy ratio, then buy tickets online for everyone. You get to skip the lines and everyone gets in because they pay already. Definitely worth it (went with 5 guys 2 girls). And we skipped the line. Weird.
4	I would easily give XS nearly 5 stars, I'm saying a 4.7. However the lines are tedious! A group of around 8 friends ( mostly women) and I were in line for about 45 minutes. I know they do this to make it look more full, but its all an illusion. I walk in and it was empty, both inside and out. But that's okay, it filled up FASTThis place is one of my favorite clubs EVER, its big and definitely does not feel too crowded. They have bars inside and out, so it's easy to pick up drinks for you or that special someone. It is also convenient for those who smoke, to simply walk outside and have a quick cigarette. If you come with a large group (10+) I suggest you do invest in a table or a cabana (1000$ Bottle Service)because finding your friends in the crowd is hard.The facilities are nice, the bathrooms are clean. The outdoor area is also great, but beware of the table's out there, and do not fall into the pool.The music choice here is great! It's nice to be able to stay on the dance floor because there is no bad music coming from the DJ booth. Also, the crowd here is typically friendly, and that is to be expected with a fairly high cover charge.I would recommend having a few drinks on your own or at the local casinos before you come here, because a drink can easily cost you 15$+, but its totally worth the ambiance. I would recommend this place anyone any day.
5	SUNDAY NIGHT SWIM..xS is good any night, but me and the team make it a point to come out to xS and finish out the weekend BIG every time we visit Vegas. Nothing beats the outdoor enviroment on a warm summer night, best time to go is actually June or early July before the it gets too humid. But the venue itself is so classy and beautiful.They always feature well known DJs, and be prepared to drop some cash. Girls usually get a pass but if you're going with the boys its either a long ass line for general admission or major cash for bottles. If you go during a holiday or special event weekend, don't be surprised if tables minimums are $1500-$2000+ And yes demand is that high for it!Great music, great crowd, and a luxurious venue..if you haven't partied at xS make it manadatory on your next trip!
4	Went on a Sunday night for industry night. Started a little slow with music I wasnt into...house/techno. There were moments of hip hop/songs that I knew, but they were rare...It's a good thing they had discounted tables and I drank a lot or else I would have had to give them 3 stars...Went on a Saturday night and LOVED it though.
5	Thank god it's Friday night...Went here for a Friday night escapade. Rocked a cabana and was taken care of by this lovely young lady who was so gracious with the booze.XS is sexy! I can't think of anyplace else here I could like more than XS! Large dance floor, wide open outdoor/open air area to chill and cool down after getting your boogie on.Like any other Vegas nightclub, XS drinks are pricey. I can't complain about dropping $11 on a craft cocktail at Tavern Law when a bloody Redbull-Vodka (Sky Vodka at that) is like $15 dollars... Yeah, it's Vegas. The vibe is sexy, make sure you come correct when you step into here... No baggy tshirts and tennis shoes. Gotta look like you belong here. It's all about image. The DJ was a resident but his cuts were choice and the dancing was on point. Overall... The fun was in excessive... But hey, that's the best kinda fun right?5 electric-booty-loo stars out of 5
4	My friend found a one hundred dollar bill on the ground by the bar. This fact alone qualifies my 4-star rating.Besides the bar, my favorite area is definitely the cabana section by the pool but wherever you are, it's always a good time. Even if you end up in the Triage area...On my most recent trip, I also became aware of how responsive the security is. Thank goodness they're there to deal with the belligerent crazies who can't handle their shizz.
5	Can I give this spot endless stars for being hands down the best club in all of Vegas. I've been here every time I've been to Vegas and obviously got in here free and quick since I only make sure to bring girls here which is perfect for me and my friends. Even though the wait can be a little long, it is totally worth the wait. Thanks to the guys that invite us to VIP, you know we make your table crackin. Anyways, music is always on point and love that Afrojack performs there all the time. As for the club itself it is so gorgeous and has a beautiful pool area in the back with a gambling area. Always an epic time when I come party here.
5	Fourth time at XS - STRIPPER POLES. Also - get the name of a promoter. Eric Colton has some legit ones on their website; got to skip the line, no cover & 2 free drinks!Also x2 - TONS of bathrooms! yayyy no lines!*dancedancedance untzuntzuntz...twirltwirltwirl ;)*
5	This place wins best club in the country for a reason! Giant club, indoor and outdoor options, great music, multiple bars with good service, probably the most spacious VIP areas inside and out, very aesthetically pleasing, striper poles for those who like to get crazy, outdoor gambling by the outdoor pool--how cool is that! This is a club for all types. I will continuously come back! One of my favorite places to party:)
5	Best club ever. It's big, it's bright, it's sexy. Dress to impress. Bring some money to spend. Favor more than Marquee, Tryst, or Surrender!Bring LOTS of money to spend (I'm talking to you boys)Girls, buy fast flats to fold into your purse. TRUST ME it's worth it after a whole night of dancing in stilettos. Guys get there early! No later than 9:30pmGirls, find a promoter to get in free. And look hot.You can dance in the pool!Most importantly: GET DRUNK AND HAVE FUN! All of my crazy vegas stories happens at XS, meeting someone random or dancing on the stripper pole. You're guaranteed to have fun at this club. I've been here like what, 8 times? 9 trips total to Vegas so far. And XS is my fav :)
4	Sooooooooo much fun! They live up to the Vegas reputation completely!!!! There were DJs, dancing Go-Go ladies, outdoor area with a pool, amazing decor, and dancing poles at VIP tables! The only thing that makes it 4 out of 5 are the prices. Vegas. I get it. But $20 entry for girls and $50 for guys?! Whoa! That's more than twice as much! Man, it really pays to be born a chick sometimes! And for 2 regular cocktails, it cost $30! Nothing too extravagant too; my drink is Jameson and Ginger Ale! What usually costs me $6-$10 depending where I am, cost a ridiculous $15! I only had 2 drinks that night due to being a broke girl in Vegas. Other than that, it was amazing!I actually didn't mind how packed it was in there. There was barely room to dance so the crowd was mostly hopping up and down or bouncing. But it was fun! I'd say if you're claustrophobic or afraid of getting stabbed by stiletto heels, you may want to steer clear from the dance floor ... but there'd be no point of being there to begin with! I didn't get stabbed, so its fine!  Danced with a group of hot Australian guys too! That made the night extra fun! :P
5	Came here friday night and saw morgan paige. even won 195 bucks playing black jack while my friends were ordering drinks at the pool side bar. then came back here to see r3hab on a sunday night and it was even more amazing! i will be back in may for a bachelor party and we will be popping bottles so I know for damn sure im going to have an awesome time here!
5	I am not usually one who likes clubs, period. Especially those that just play house music.  But something about XS was different.  We arrived at 1:00am after a few other bachelorette festivities.  We had a friend who knew a dj there who was able to let us get through the line with no cover.  That easily saved us an hour.  I'd recommend getting there as early as possible.  DJ Tommy Trash was amazing.  I have never been on a dance floor like that in my life.  So amazing.  The fun I was having made the pain from my heels seem non-existent.  The patio area near the tables was our favorite place to hang out.  Next time I go to Vegas and am looking for a club, I am definitely coming back.
5	XS is the true definition of nightlife. I've been here 2 times, one in October of 2011, and one in January of 2012 & had the time of my life. The staff is gorgeous (and super friendly), the music is top notch (saw Sebastian Ingrosso & Tiesto), the ambiance is breathtaking, and the mood sweeps you off your feet. Bottle service here is an experience itself. Felt like I was Paris Hilton as we had our own personal security, magnum sized bottles of Veuve Clicquot, assortment of strawberries & chocolates, & our servers dancing around the table with sparklers drawing attention left & right. I forget our main server's name but she was awesome - checking on us every 15 minutes or so making sure our glasses were filled & drinks were flowing. Highly recommend getting here as early as possible if you're not doing bottle service, lines get long. Other than that, be prepared for a night of pure bliss.
4	Long lines. Lively crowd, great scene, decent dance floor. It got crowded as HELL towards midnight. Music was pretty good; my issues with it was that they would build it up and then stop the music completely for a couple seconds. BOO!! They don't play too much hip hop. Mostly remixes and electro/house type of musica. Definitely pre-party if you can. Drinks are pretty damn pricey ... $44 for 3 drinks (1 jack & coke, 2 AMFs). Nice bathrooms.Outside pool area where you could cool off, chill, and even dance! Be careful though, people drop their drinks and there are glass shards on the floor. Someone cut their food and there was a bloody mess alongside the pool. Lovely!TIP: Arrive EARLY! Sounds logical, but plan ahead; plan you're gonna be late and set an earlier arrival time if you're not on any lists. Line fills up fast and cover charge goes up as time goes by.
5	Finally on my 4th Vegas trip, I finally got to visit the ever elusive XS. Other trips had been impeded by drunk friends who didn't use the right promoter's name and didn't like to listen to the bouncers, exacerbated by a particular friend who likes to take on a fake British accent with a predilection for flicking people off...but I digress. Bottom line: it was worth the wait.Steve Aoki was..magical. Waiting in the ridiculous line went by fast waiting videos of him rocking out. Just built up the anticipation. The memory of him rafting on the inflatable raft was...surreal. Confetti everywhere. My friends just as star struck by him as a musician and performer joked about how they would treasure the confetti stuck to the bottom of their heels (jokingly, I think). I dubbed him Asian Jesus and screamed it to anyone in earshot. His music are gospels I'd definitely follow because he converted me to house music (his anyways). Just looked him up on Wikipedia. He majored in Women's Study and Sociology. I don't know if he can get any cooler. Spied Guy Fieri right when we went in. He was funny and we got to take a picture with him.Anyways, enough gushing. The DJ opening was alright. The music was mainly house, but it was enjoyable. The lines, although really oddly organized because there are Guestlist and General Admission grouped together, went by fast. It's misleadingly short because there is a whole chuck that wraps inside. Had a friend who had a group for table reservations (a shorter and separate line) but they let the guys in but made the girls go in the longer line. Whackiest thing I ever heard. Anyways. Lesson: Boys, get a table. Girls, get a promoter. Get there early but if you see a line, don't get discouraged. Especially if Steve Aoki is playing, which I heard he does on Mondays quite frequently.From the free voucher (girls you get drink vouchers for guestlist-supposed to be 2, but I only got one, sad face). My drink, Tokyo Iced Tea was weak, but hey, it was free. Joined a separate group at table. Love being at tables because there is SO much space to dance. On the sofa, counter area, or table area. Dance floor- pretty crowded, but pretty manageable. Pretty diverse crowd and none too creepy. I tried a new trick of saying I was in a committed relationship with my girlfriend dance partner and I was the jealous type. Got boys to hug and claim they were in a relationship, too, but just too shy to dance together. Friendly and funny crowd. Everyone is just enjoying the music! :)
4	Okay let me start off with what turned me off. What i hated about this place was how the workers in front act. I had paid for skip the line passes, and backed that up by signing up for the guest list. Apparently they didn't update their list and didn't have my name on there or god knows what they did. Anyways the extra money i paid WASTED - NOT COOL because it wasn't cheap. So a worker wrote me up some paper, and i had to wait on line. Let me add that this same little paper i had, i still saw people skipping through the line with. She then said there was a way for me to get in - which was slip her some money. Maybe if i hadn't paid that extra damn money, i would have...but at that point i was pretty irritated and decided to wait. An hour later i was talking to a bouncer  about the other line workers or whatever you call them and he did confess to me that they do take money to let people in, or it is just who you know and he said yes, it is unfair and does suck. I guess i shouldn't have been surprised with the club workers acting this way...it a Vegas club.After about 2 hours plus of waiting. I was in and just in time because Deadmau5 was there and he had just came on. He is freakin AWESOME! XS itself is a pretty nice looking place. It was holy freakin crowded on the inside, but that was expected. When i needed a breather i just went outside, and then when i was ready to face the pushing and slow moving traffic, i went back inside. I mean, everyone wanted to see Deadmau5, can't blame them! Anyways, aside from the screwy treatment on line, i did enjoy myself a lot here. Good music (Deadmau5! whoohoo!), nice surroundings. I just hope i gave a heads up about how you MIGHT get treated while you are on line.
5	I love this place! There's a perfect amount of space both inside and outside. The overall design is really nice. There's some gambling tables outside, cabanas, and a pool where you can dip your feet and dance around in! (:We came on a Friday night and although the DJ was some random, it was still crackin and the music was really good! Haha. Will definitely make this a regular stop during my future visits!
5	I love love love XS. We got a table for 5 inside. XS has got everything I could ask for - great outside area, smoking allowed, poles, large enough dance floor, great music, semi-personal bouncers, and good looking guys.XS wins over TAO any day. Let's just say it was a perfect ending to my Vegas trip.Note for the girls. Bring flip-flops or flats unless you want to walk back half drunk and barefoot like me. The 4am walk back home from Encore to The Palazzo is agonizing when you're drunk. Why not take the taxi? Because the queue was a mile long.
5	I have been here twice and each time was a wonderful time. This is the best for house music! The dance floor is a bit small and if you don't have bottle service there are no extra seats anywhere unless you are by the stripper pole.
5	Holy crap, XS totally made my Vegas experience an awesome one! I was here this past Sunday, and it was my first trip to Vegas after turning 21. My friends and I weren't even going to go because we heard they were going to play trance music, and we were thinking about going to Lavo instead to hear hip-hop, but at the last minute we decided to go here. We barely made it on time for the guest list arriving exactly at 1am. However, luckily there was no line, and the hostess was very nice and let us in, and even gave all the ladies free drink cards. Guys have to pay though, like 20 or 30 bucks.Right when my friends and I walked in, our jaws dropped! I've never been to a club like this, it was very big, and so pretty, flashy lights, gogo dancers; you definitely have to experience it for yourself. They also had Manufactured Superstars djing and they were dressed as astronauts. They played trance, and hip hop type music, but it was cool. I really enjoyed myself. The hype is real, this place is crackin!
4	I would understand how someone can hate this place... mainly the long line that wraps around the place. It kind of remind me of the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland. Too bad I got a Fast Pass! Thanks to some lovely connections... we walked right pass the line! I could not afford to wait in that line. I was told some people were waiting since 10pm and they barely got to the front of the line! Eeks! As we entered this place, the devil inside me came out! Not literally! This place is very inviting and let's you lose all sense of sanity. I normally don't listen to house music. In fact, the music annoys me. Something about this place that just made me want to jump up and down! And that is what I did! This place is huge, so the capacity can hold PLENTY of people! The people are all about having fun! The night ended early morning with my feet ready to die on me! XS you have been great to me!
5	Best club in Vegas!!  Doesn't mean it's the best every night, but on average you can't go wrong here. I don't think I've ever had a bad night here. The first time I came the bathroom attendant asked me if it was my first time. When I told him it was, he told me it wouldn't be the last. Boy was he right. Great place. Amazing girls every night. The bouncers aren't total dbags like many of the other clubs in town (Marquee comes to mind.). I've never been kicked out and I've surely done some stuff that could have got me tossed at other places. Be sure to check it out when in Vegas. You won't be disappointed!
2	XS, I still love you dearly, but this review is for one particular VIP host and the way he treated us the last time I went: Joe Leano. Yes, Joe, this one goes out to your pretentious ass.I went to XS for Tiesto night with three other girls after being promised by two different legit hosts that we would be able to get in on the reduced admission guest list ($20 for girls, $50 for guys). We were in line by 10 pm and did everything as we were told. When we got to the front of the line, however, Joe stopped us and told us there was no such thing as a reduced admission guest list. My friend and I whipped out our cell phones to show him the text messages we'd received literally minutes ago from our promoters, who were both working at Tryst that night. Joe basically told us he thought we were bullshitting (even though we told him he could check the numbers) and said he was only doing his job and we would have to pay $100 to get in (after telling our other friends $75 about 20 minutes earlier). Um... I'm sorry? I understand it's Tiesto night, but it's not even 11 pm, we're four girls on the guest list, and you're telling us to pay $100 to get into your club? We pointed out the absurdity of this and Joe told us in the rudest, most sarcastic tone ever that the only way he would accept proof of the "reduced admission guest list" we claimed existed was if we dragged one of our promoters over from Tryst to walk us in. We asked, very patiently, if we could go over and get a video recording or signature or something as proof. He said no and refused to offer a reason why, instead telling us over and over again to step out of line. By this point we were tired of wasting time when he was just being an asshole for the sake of being an asshole so we finally complied, but instead of leaving we went to go talk to Eric, who wrote us a slip within 10 seconds of us showing him our texts. After we got in my friend went to go give Joe a piece of her mind, and he conveniently slammed the door in her face.FYI, Joe, just because you're having a miserable night doesn't mean you have to ruin ours.
4	Sunday night beach parties!We avoided the weekend crowds and went on a Sunday evening. No need to get too gussied up, though i did see a few who donned the 5 inch heels. The dress code that night was casual and laid-back. Flip-flops and straw fedoras were welcomed!We hadn't planned on getting a table for our rather large group since a majority of us wanted to dance our asses off. We met up with one of the hosts who graciously set us up for a decent section along the grass area. We kicked off our flip-flops and danced barefoot on the lawn under the vegas flourescent lights. Bottle service was stuffy, naturally- er, unaturally DD's, but we made the best of it. Note: Care for a dip in the pool? By all means, they encourage it! Our stay at Encore helped us skip lines and lessened the cover charge for the men in our group.
5	In Vegas, there are some things you need to experience. This is one of them. By far and away this is the most elaborate nightclub in all of Vegas. I have been to Vegas 47 times and can't wait for my 48th time around memorial day weekend where I will be celebrating my birthday. As you read all the other yelps, I will have to say everyone is pretty much right on, but why would I write my own because some people use YELP to get down to the bottom line. Here is the bottom line:- Gals: you have it made and get all the breaks. - Guys: Prepare to get your balls busted with a higher than normal cover charge. Is it worth it...yes!I recall a friend saying, I can't believe I just paid $50 to come to a club and then five minutes later he said, damn I feel like the ugliest person in here (he wasn't) but there is a lot of good looking people. The music goes in spans of time which feels like 30 minute sets of different genres (house, trance, hip hop, etc.)Drinks are usually strong. I suggest trying the LA Water because it is like a grateful dead but different. If you haven't tried either....enjoy just not too many they get you drunk. I will leave somethings for you to discover, but feel free to message me if you want to know more. Like I said, I can't wait until my next trip.Enjoy!
4	First off, I absolutely do not like clubbing. I have been to many clubs through the years, including a couple in Vegas. I wanted to stay and gorge myself at the buffet then lose more money at the tables, but decided to go at the end. The line was long, especially on a Sunday night. The line felt like waiting for a ride at Disneyland, but with large groups of girls having instant fastpasses. While in line, I watched the many TV screens showing past DJs performing including Steve Aoki and Deadmau5, and it looked awesome. Once we got to the front, the girls were free and got free drink cards, while the guys paid $20 - $30. I have to admit, I was impressed with the layout of the club. A nice stage and dance floor, two huge bars, and tables and poles everywhere. I also noticed how clear and clean the sound system is. Perfect balance of treble and bass, enough to enjoy the music and still carry a conversation. The sound was so good that I can hear the imperfections from DJ who gives a damn that was performing that night. Only two hip-hop songs the whole night, but whatever. Expect to spend a lot on drinks. Shots of goose were around $15, seemingly lower when bought in multiples. The gogo dancers that brought shots around are also dangerous to the wallet, but so convenient especially when the bar area gets too crowded. Speaking of gogo dancers, it must been the first night for one on the stage since it was probably the most awkward and ugliest dances I had seen.What I enjoyed the most is the outdoor area by the pool. Heated lamps were on, plenty of space, music sounding good, and fresh air. I also noticed that the crowd is awesome and different than those in the LA scene. I was able meet and get to know new people.In short, XS is a club that I wouldn't mind going back to. Great atmosphere, people, and music equals a great night in Vegas!
5	In my dream world, I would have this awesomely hot wife who wore heels in the kitchen.    I'd have to complain about things like too much sex and she'd make it up to me by cooking extravagant French foods and fancy cakes (she'd also be yelp elite).I'd also have identical twin boys who I would name Tiberius and Maximus.  The only difference between them would be that 1 would be left handed while the other right.   And both of them would be star Water Polo players and be respective right and left wing.In my dream world, there would also be enormous clubs that never got packed despite having huge amounts of people.  Girls would dance in the pool in their clubbing attire and playfully splash water at each other in slowwwww moooootion.But alas,  I'm unmarried and I have no twin boys.  However, I do know of a gigantic club where drunk girls dance in the pool.  "But Eric... what about the slow motion you were talking about"? Don't worry, that's found at the bottom of tequila shots.1 out of 3 isn't bad right?
4	I'll be brief. This is an awesome nightclub. The dance floor is spacious enough and I like how it's in the middle so it's easy to get to and exit from. Girls get two free drinks when they enter, so that was a plus. The stage is pretty cool too, it's classy, but kind of sultry.
4	I love XS because of the open space and outdoor area. However, the last time I went, it was closed because a DJ was performing. Felt like a concert or a rave. It was really bright in there because of the flashing lights so I can see everyone's weird/nasty/interesting dance moves and sweaty faces. All in all, I still like the place because it's so open and there is lots of room to walk around even with tons of people.However, I didn't like that girls had to pay $20 and guys $30. That's a lot of bank!XS...what do you stand for? why not XXL?
5	This is the 2nd best club I've ever been to.  What an amazing place to have fun, enjoy your vacation, and live like a rockstar.  I love the outdoor pool area, great place to spark conversation or chat with buddies about the next big move in your life that will land you a house out in vegas!  The day party was uber epic as Kaskade made a late afternoon appearance and blew us all away.  The nightclub was epic and once again, chilling by the pool, there's nothing better.
4	Apparently I'm a regular here now? Haha let's see how long I can keep this going considering I don't live in Vegas. Great club. Perfect mix of outdoor and indoors with plenty of ventilation so it never gets all humid and musky on the dance floor. Definitely bring money and get ready to spend, I've yet to see guys get in for free on any night here. They keep it rather exclusive. Blackjack tables run $15 minimums so not bad on a busy weekend where the casino floor has mostly $20 minimums. Just play a few hands and pound drinks from the waitress rather than pay $15/drink at the bar. Might as well try to win some right?
1	These days anyone can open a club.  So I expected something special from the Wynn.  THINK AGAINGot a table for a special event.  They put us on the PATIO because we spent less than $12,000.  I am actually embarrassed to disclose the amount we spent. The server was nice but with bottle service, they are really not doing much work.  Before that everyone we encountered was an ass. Also, what good is having a table at a club if you are not IN THE CLUB.  For the amount we spent, we could have flown to NYC and been at a real club, where the people are actually cool, the environment was authentic, not "Vegas Authentic"  I complained to the Wynn. They essentially said "tough luck but please come back" in corporate language. I guess I am not influential enough for them to care. It's a rip off.  Don't go.
5	If you've ever read "The Sandman" by Neil Gaiman, you will understand when I say that XS is like the Dreaming: an ever changing world that morphs and coalesces by drawing upon your deepest fantasies and fears into the shape of your choosing.   Similarly, if you've got the money, the drive and the will to make things happen, you can essentially have anything you want at this nightclub.  In the span of 6 hours, I experienced significant amounts of pain, pleasure, lust, love, hate, glee, annoyance, bemusement, laughter, concern and ultimately an abiding hope in the future.  And in that regard, I suppose that when you take the entire litany of human emotions I experienced condensed into such a short time span, the $30,000 bill doesn't seem too steep...  especially since my share (scraped together from the spoils of my indentured servitude and a hot streak at the craps table) was heavily subsidized by my friends.
5	Best club in Las Vegas!!!
5	Highlight of my last trip to Vegas, even with a 90 minute wait. Yeah, 90 minutes.. that part was pretty weak. They kept letting people with a 51%+ F:M ratio in, leaving our group of 2:3 in line (my ex tried to flaunt her stuff to no avail). But enough of that, this place was AWESOME. A great DJ, awesome crowd and (for Vegas) cheap, strong drinks. I have a special admiration for anyone who can dish out drinks as fast as the XS bartenders. A++ would get drunk here again
4	I've been to XS twice now and both times have been nothing but great times.  The layout is supposed to be the representation of a girl's body figure, which is obvious when you go to the bar.  XS brings in a lot of DJs on Fridays and Saturdays so just check to see who might be there beforehand if you're not into house music and whatnot.The first time I went was back in November for my 21st birthday with my small group of girlfriends on a Saturday night. We got there around 10:30 I think, and there was hardly a line.  We decided to walk to Surrender to get our hand stamps there and get free drinks before going back to XS.  We came back to XS probably about 11:30 and at that point, the line was crazy.  The bouncers pissed us off because we already told one of them that we were on the guest list, but he told us we couldn't pass the line because we had to show him a direct text message from the promoter we talked to.  So then we had to wait for about 10-15 minutes before we could reach our promoter and skip the line.  Considering that it was just a group of 4 girls, this was annoying.  But once we got inside the club, we completely got in our zones and started dancing away with random people and had a good time.  They were playing Top40 music which I LOVE.  My friends and I ended up staying there until closing (5AM). Whew my feet hurt like hell but overall an awesome time at XS. I think every Vegas trip I make, XS will always be my default/go-to club.
5	If you want to experience the very best of Vegas nightlife, two clubs stand alone at the top of the game, the first being Marquee, and the second being XS.No club on the strip has done more to rebrand itself with the changing face of music and nightlife in Vegas than XS.  From massive renovations to the front of the house to clean up the lines, to the huge investments made in lighting and sound, all capped off by easily the most impressive lineup of house DJs on the strip - XS has been spending major cash to lock up some of the biggest names in the industry, and have spent even more to keep them, and the crowds, very happy.  The best part about XS is it's layout, which is highlighted by its massive dance floor. During a busy night, it can be a bit tough to make it onto the dance floor, but once you're there you're more comfortable than at any of the other big Vegas clubs.  XS also has a massive outdoor pool deck, with two additional bars and plenty of space to hang out, chat, or just listen to some great music.  As mentioned before, Jesse Waits and the whole XS crew have done some incredible work to keep XS at the forefront of the Vegas nightlife scene, mainly by bringing in the best of the best to DJ not only on Friday and Saturday nights, but also Sundays and Mondays as well.  There is no need to worry about who will be at XS on any given night, because the lineup is always stellar.  From Avicii to Dada Life, Deadmau5 to Sebastian Ingrosso, the best and brightest in the house game will be found at XS.The bad? Getting in sucks, period.  XS was the first club to begin the alarming trend of no guestlist (not even for girls).  If you're planning on going to XS and you're not buying a table, do yourself a favor and buy tickets presale on wantickets, you'll save tons of time and money in the process.  However, as a guy, even buying presale will be expensive, with ticket prices generally being the highest of any club on the strip (and expect to pay upwards of 200% more than your female friends for certain DJs). Simply, XS is one of the two biggest and best clubs on the strip, but how much fun you have here might be best gauged by your musical preference.  If you love house music, XS will no doubt be your spot; if you're more of a trance fan, Marquee at Cosmo might be more your speed.
5	This is as good as it gets folks. One of the funnest and cleanest clubs you can ever go to. The bartenders are friendly, the bouncers are respectful and their set-up (both sound and lighting) is incredible. People you see are mostly classy - yea, you'll run into a few douchebags/skanks, but most people in general just seemed like wanting to have a good time in Vegas!The dancefloor gets hella packed but what do you expect? The best part? Just walk away and you can enjoy the outside pool area which is freaking massive and awesome.Unless you are on the Guestlist, or have a bottle service, I'd recommended buying tickets in advance. They have a separate entrance (not just line) to get inside so you don't have to deal with any BS line.Also, they only play EDM/House, barely any top 40/hip-hop unless the some DJ is playing the opening or closing set. The headliner is always mostly an international superstar!One last piece of advice - get there early!!
2	I have been to XS a few times and I love the place.  Please note this review applies to 3/13/2012 (Monday) when Lil' Jon was there. Before Lil Jon started spinning, it was pretty decent for Monday night but as soon as he started spinning, the place went insane!  (I have to admit his performace was amazing!).  While he was performing, more people came in and the place was so crowded to the point where it was very unsafe (people were pushing each other).  Please understand that I am a big guy and I have worked as a bouncer here and there last 7 years which include top clubs in LA and San Francisco so I am very familiar with crowd control.  It eventually reached the point where I felt "very unsafe" so I left.   We went to Marquee next night.  Ironically, bouncers there handled the crowd very well - they were making sure that dance floor was not overcapacity.  I hate to say this but XS management needs to put the safety first...
4	This club is probably the biggest if not the best club Vegas has to offer. If you want to do Vegas big this is the place to be. We got bottle service poolside with the outdoor bed. The night time views are spectacular in between the Wynn and Encore towers. The swimming pool/gambling island is sweet! Get ready to spend some big bucks for the bottle service it ain't going to be cheap.
5	XS is always a blast. The service is always good and the crowd is always pumped. The music is always on point. This by far is thee club all my friends want to go to when they come into town. Minus the line and the wait, if you have in's its even better. Def a place to get your vacation kicking when in town. Now that summer is here im sure my friends that are coming are def going to want to hit there day and night now haha. Oh how the summer is going to be a long one haha. Def looking forward the the parties and guest DJ's coming.
4	Okay so we rocked it out Friday at Marquee, Saturday day at Wet Republic, Saturday night at Pure, Sunday day at Rehab. We did table service everywhere but here. Wasn't much left in the tank. In fact only two of us made it out. Glad we did. Our host from Marquee got us in to skip line here, now that's awesome. Host at XS was cool about it. place was jammin best set up out of all the clubs. Fire hot waitresses. Wasn't planning on drinking too much but we might as well got a bottle cause the atmosphere made it too easy. I would say it's a must do next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I'm too old for this kind of thing. I'd rather watch a show and eat at a buffet while in Vegas. But I was rolling with some younger, single ladies for a bachelorette party, so had to participate. XS is really nice inside. Music is good and it's huge inside and out.  More sophisticated than other clubs I've been to.  Got in for free, so I can't complain.Was still buzzed from the bottle service at Olympic Garden (ew)..
4	One of the best clubs in Vegas! Definitely check this place out if you're looking for a hot place to party it up! Beautiful people, dance floor, HUGE back outdoor area with a pool and cabanas... you name it this place has it!I was here for the 3rd time this past weekend and let me tell you, it was not the most pleasant. It was at capacity x2! Plus I had arrived around 10 and waited for almost 45 minutes in line (you would think thats early in Vegas right?!)  I literally could not walk anywhere in this place, even getting to the restroom was a chore. I was saddened because my first 2 times here were awesome, memorable & fun. However, I do suggest you coming here and checking it out for yourself.... it's pretty damn awesome.Beautiful decor, stiff drinks & everything you imagine a Vegas club too be. The whole guest list thing doesn't seem to apply here. I have been on one and not on one and have had to pay a cover each time. I feel somewhat ashamed since usually in Vegas girls don't have to pay. But I do recognize it's a business and I'd rather just be in there, then to make a big deal as too why I can't get in for free. So be prepared. Ohh and if they try to tell you they are giving you a "deal" by getting in for $20, it's bs.
4	Saw Tiesto Cinco de Mayo weekend here. Club was SRO, couldn't really dance unless you were at a table. Promoter got us in no delays/drama through the table line for reduced cover $20 ladies/$50 men (vs. $30 ladies/$100 men). Music/bass wasn't obnoxiously loud, which was surprising for a change.4-stars b/c the international talent XS books - Tiesto, Deadmau5, David Guetta...
5	I want to complain about one of my times here, I really do. I want to get into being treated like some tourist when I was meeting up with the financial advisers of a company in which I will withhold. I want to rag on the "hosts" and the "VIP hosts" and how poorly they treat people.I want you to know that it's not that easy to get bottle service here.I want you to know that you won't be treated like a KING or QUEEN unless you really are one.I want you to know that the drinks are obscenely priced.However...Get a bottle and table no matter what. Get a hosts attention and I don't mean look at him/her, get them to come over and grease that f*cker to get in.Once you get situated, make good with your bottle host. XS is the best club I have been to in the U.S.Best DJ's in the world come to play here.Your patience will be worth it. Just make sure you spread that money around a bit.Amazing time, every time.
1	SO SHIT. SUCH a scene. never going again. Waste of $20 cover. TOOMUCH HOUSE.
5	So far, this is my favorite club in Vegas. A gorgeous design, especially the outdoor pool and cabana area. They even have casino tables outside. Reserving an area can get expensive but it's worth it. If it's not a very busy weekend it might not even be that bad. My group of 15 which was a mix of guys and girls, was able to get one of the tables outside with bottle service on a sat night for roughly $100 a person. I had a fabulous time drinking and dancing. My husband (who drank too much) had and I quote, the best nap of his life outside on the plush lawn chairs and under the stars. No matter how you decide to spend your time at XS, it is sure to be a night to remember!
5	Always a fun time. Last time I went, Avicii was there and I just remember thinking to myself I never, ever want to leave.
3	XS is one of the most beautiful clubs in Las Vegas. Even though it has been around for years, this thing still cranks and is one of the top Nightclubs in Sin City. With that said, there is a ton of competition in Vegas as far as nightlife and I can see that XS isn't as on top of their game with every detail like they used to be. Then again, maybe it was just because I was there on a Monday? My best friend was celebrating her birthday so we got together a ton of girls, probably about 15 or so. We had a table on the dance floor and a few bottles. XS knew it was her Birthday and one of our girls called ahead of time to organize the details for the Birthday Cake presentation at the table, and another girl from our group brought cupcakes ahead of time for them to keep in their refrigerator and be delivered when the cake was. A little bit into the night the cocktail waitress came to the table to give us some really bad news....the news was that the cake they originally told us would be brought out was not in the refrigerator....apparently they had no more left? AND...our cupcakes where missing!! We had nothing to give to the Birthday girl! So what happened to her cake and cupcakes? Did they even have a cake prepared in the first place? This is Las Vegas people...where dreams come true and you are spoiled...it's a fantasy land...a dream world....now that they messed up...you would think that they would have already thought of what to do...instead of sending a clueless waitress to the table to just inform us the Birthday cake is MISSING. Plus XS is inside the Wynn...so they couldn't go and get a cake or dessert from one of the restaurants or bakery's inside there?? We kindly asked for something to be done and suggested we would even take another bottle or something to make up for it...instead they ended up moving us to a table in back of the DJ, (amazing view)but unfortunately there was a little less then half of the seating  then at the dance floor table. Then they brought out a silver plate of strawberries and chocolate chips with a couple candles in the strawberries, I guess that's all they could do. I still expected more though rather then just moving our table to a place with less seating.
5	Real 5SMy favorite club in Vegas. Even with a bunch of guys, just either buy tickets online or get their early and there's no problem.  The music is good...the layout is amazing and people are coo. I always have fun...some nights better than others but a great club better than the small multiple rooms of Marquee or Pure.  A must for Vegas...or anywhere.
5	This is probably my absolute favorite club in Vegas. Absolute gorgeous in its design, decor, music, and people. Far bigger and more spacious than Marquee and the pool is kinda brilliant.Can't wait to go back!
4	Went there on a recent trip tO Vegas! Got out at 5 AM! Tht was fun:)really friendly bartenders, bouncers, security.Good crowd. Loved the pool setting-Some Sebastian- DJ was playing when we went. Was fun!Decent cover
5	I'm not big into the club scene, but this place is awesome.  They hire some of the most AMAZING DJs from all over the world.  I saw Avicii at XS back in April, and it was such an awesome experience (kind of like an intimate concert).  The DJ who opened for him was also amazing (don't know her name but she looked like a young 20-something cute little thing).  Both played one hit after another.  I love that you can hang out on the patio and just catch your breath outside, and STILL be able to watch the show.My only complaint is that they definitely let WAY TOO MANY people into this joint.  I may even venture to say that they were over capacity at certain parts of the night, but the crowd somehow died out and once we got away from the dance floor, we had room to breathe.
5	XS... The echelon of Vegas nightlife.   Victor Drais has outdone himself.  We went here on Friday night to see Calvin Harris DJ.  The place is notoriously hard to get into on the weekends unless you have bottle service, you're on the guest list, or a Nevada local.  Big groups of dudes won't get in while ladies always have priority.   Listen carefully if you want to get in.  Line up at 1030pm.   You may get angry seeing all of these people parade ahead of you after waiting an hour, but do not despair.Whatever you do...do not grease the guys in the suits unless you absolutely have to. They open up the line to general admission at 1145-1230.   Once you get inside, you'll be greeted by the sickest sculpture mankind has ever created.  The staircase features bodies wrapped in gold paint coming out of the walls.  When you enter the club, you'll see a large dance floor surrounded by VIP tables.   If you walk go the back, XS opens into a massive pool area with an island that has blackjack and craps tables.  What's nice about XS is that while it can get packed, there's always room to move. This place easily rages until 5AM.  Beware the 10 dollar bud lite's inside.  They cost 8 dollars in the pool area.   Also, the girls walking around with shots in test tubes are  a good deal (12 dollars for high end stuff). If you want to reach a whole new level of 'F.U.' in partying, XS will take you there.
1	When you have a table reserved for 18 girls for a special night (i.e., your bachelorette party), you would think that the club would take care of you, or at the very least give you decent service. Unfortunately, this was NOT the case at all. When we initially got to the club, we were able to get through the entrance area fairly quickly.  We were then taken around to the very back of the club to a table in the outside area.  Our server was initially super nice to us. Things were going great.  We placed an order for three bottles of Vodka and our mixers and started gearing up for a fun night.  When our server disappeared to go grab the bottles, that's when things quickly went downhill.  As we were sitting around waiting on the comfy chairs, two ginormous cockroaches scurry into our cabana.  It was absolutely disgusting.  Fortunately, as the rest of us were screaming, my sister tried to step on them to keep them from coming closer to us.  Those little buggers were still twitching afterwards.  We complained to the hostess and she then turned into a royal biotch.   She gave us the worst kind of attitude and then took the bottles of alcohol that she brought to our table away.  It was so condescending and rude.  She actually ended up bringing the alcohol back and then taking it away again about two more times as we were waiting to hear back from the manager.  As if we would actually drink the bottles without getting our situation sorted out.  The manager comes out and promises to do his best to move us and/or comp us a bottle....SOMETHING to help us feel better about things.  He then comes back about half an hour later and tells us there is nothing he can do.  It is summer time and it's nature.  Really?  You have a multi-million dollar club in Vegas and you can't even keep your tables clean?  Have you heard of Terminex?  Round-up even? I mean, we understood it is part of nature, but we were in a three-walled table space (and not in the outside pool area) in one of the most profitable night clubs in Vegas.  The fact that we also had to deal with attitude from our server and be told that the club wasn't even willing to comp us what would be a $20 bottle of champagne is absolutely ridiculous - the worst service I have ever experienced.  What about swapping us out with an upstairs table that was occupied with men since arguably it might not bother some guys as much as it did our group of girly ladies?  The least they could have done was give us a comped bottle of wine or champagne.  At the end of the day, we waited an entire hour to find out what the club could do for us, which turned out to be absolutely nothing of course. They absolutely were not thinking. Their message was essentially take or leave the table because they don't give a rats azz about us.  Because it was my bachelorette and we wanted to enjoy whatever time we had remaining, my friends just decided to stay.  It was just hard to have any respect for the manager and our original hostess.  The manager had heard us talking about not leaving any gratuity, so he then tells us that he will swap out our server just so we can start fresh (i.e., they want to collect our gratuity).  He ended up replacing our original hostess with the sweetest replacement host.  At least they recognized how big of a biotch the original hostess was being.  When another cockroach came scurrying into our table, she freaked out also and told us she felt horrible.  She tried to move us again or do something, ANYTHING to compensate us, but she came back and basically told us the same story.  We actually have a conscience (unlike the people we were dealing with), so we gave the replacement hostess the full 20% tip.  Honestly, I have never felt so marginalized and disregarded when spending thousands of dollars on $50 bottles of alcohol the club is making a hefty profit on.  XS sucks.  Don't reserve a table there if you aren't a fan of disgusting insects or horrible service. Needless to say, I will not be going back...EVER.
5	Dear Mr. Wynn,Thank you for taking the opportunity to create one of the best club atmospheres I have ever experienced in my life. I was surrounded by gorgeous booty all night. Very spacious and relaxing. The center stage, the pool, the bars - all very thought out and classy, but not pretentious like Pure@Caesars. It was in the middle of Tiesto's new song called - Club Life in Vegas Volume 24 Track 9 Beat 7 Remix 99 - when I realized that this was the best night I have ever had in Vegas.Regards
3	The place looks amazing. The outdoor area is probably the coolest part. There are areas you can find to sit outside which is nice especially to rest and cool off. The pool is right there and it seems like most of the girls eventually make their way there to rest their feet while wading and dancing the water. This place isn't set up that great inside. The entrances are kind of small and to get outside, you have to make your way through the entire club. The whole place is packed full of people and the dance floor is extremely cramped. The other thing I didn't like was the DJ was only playing techno type music. I don't know what type of music they normally play, but I'm not a fan. If the dance floor wasn't packed like a sardine tin and they played good music, this place would definitely be 5 stars.
1	We were there on Friday night for Calvin Harris.  And I have ONE word:Cockroaches. PLURAL. As in many. As in ALL OVER THE DAMN PLACE. We saw them crawling over the VIP tables. . .over the reserved beds outside. . .over the plants and palms. . .over the planter boxes surrounding well manicured bushes. Over drinks that were set on the small planter boxes. Behind the bars. . .and inside the cabanas. We saw reserved tables outside almost flip their table when one ran across a girl sitting there. . .lCOCKROACHES, at the "finest club" in Vegas.  So we brought it up to a waitress. . .she told us that she'll ask about some spray. This is nothing that a little spray can do, XS has a MASSIVE infestation of roaches. Everyone else might be rating this place as 5 stars, but I prefer my dirty martini's not THAT dirty.Pros: It's big, spacious, nice sound, and the drinks might be nice. . .Cons: ROACHES.  LOTS OF THEM.
5	This has to one of the VERY BEST night clubs that I have been to.  I went here and all I can say is "WOW".  I got tired after 3 groups of guys bought me drinks and I got trashed.  I did 2 lines of coke in the restroom and I was good to go :)  Drinks are expensive but again, I didn't have to pay for them even though I INSISTED that the guys didn't pay for my drinks but they did anyways...  Many Asians the night that I went but that's perfectly fine as they were so cute and absolutely gentlemen like.  Bartenders were very attentive and the outdoor theme was great, surreal... I love this club, great service and pleasurable clientele.  I got into the club VIP style by paying a bit extra but it was sooOOoo worth it. We were lead into the club by a "hook-up" and it was perfect.  Music was great, not much more to say about it besides that anyone going to Las Vegas should just go :) Mr. Wynn is probably a douche, but great job on the club :)
5	This may be the best club I've ever been to. I was in Vegas for 3 nights and I made it to XS all 3 nights and I'm damn proud of it! It is definitely a big place but for some reason I don't find it to be overwhelming. There is an inside area as well as an outside section, fully equipped with cabanas, pool parties, and more. It's nice if you want a change of scenery and you almost feel like you're going back and forth between two completely separate clubs.I love the outside "tables" or cabanas overlooking the pool. Great scene...you will see people decked to the nines in heels and dresses and others wearing bathing suits and strutting around barefoot. I got to see some great DJs like A-trak, Tiesto, and Steve Angello. I definitely plan on returning to XS.
5	Wowww ..This is by far the best nightclub I have been to. I have been there for the MDW when tiesto was performing. We were a group of 4 guys and were worried about the entry even though we had pre-sale tickets.  The bouncers and staff were super friendly to us and were inside the club in 15 minutes. Once I entered the club it was just awesome. The outside pool area , no word to describe. The drinks were little expensive , but who cares :-). The drinks were strong as well. The main dance floor was full by 10:30PM types. We got to know that Tiesto will be coming late around 1AM, but Pierce Fulton was playing good numbers with high energy. We danced till 5AM and left the club with full satisfaction. Looking forward to next Vegas trip and partying in XS.
5	I've traveled around the world and been to many hot spots such as the party city of Ibiza, Rome, Florence, etc but this is the best night club i've ever been to, hands down!! I had bottle service and most definitely recommend it as it helps you skip the crazy lines to get in and the personnel is friendly and helpful! If your a party animal, inside is packed and crazy. If you still want to have a good time but have more space to move and talk with your friends, then I recommend the outdoor pool area. We had a pool side VIP seating with an amazing view of the DJ of the night--Calvin Harris rocked!!!
5	It was in the middle May when I came here and Calvin Harris was in town. Not only was he spinning but Tiesto was a special guest as well (he was only mingling with other people). In addition to that, Dirk Nowitzki and Mark Cuban were also seen at XS. Coming to this nightclub was soooo much fun, especially since this was the first nightclub I have ever been to in my life....even if it means getting pushed by a drunk girl and finding out in the end that she was a tomboy and tried to check me out. D:In other words, it was definitely worth coming here. The drinks were so awesome and totally loved the layout. Beware of pushy, shoving, rude drunk people on the dance floor. lol!!!
4	Is this quite possibly one of the best clubs I've been to? Yes. Do I club that often? Not at all, but I do recognize an amazing place when I see it.If we get past the high initial cost to get in and look past the price of drinks, XS is stunning. Celebrities can be seen left and right, and there is a huge pool in the middle for patrons to enjoy themselves in. There are many tables as well, for those seeking bottle service. As for the cover charge and drink prices, we are in Vegas after all, and we are at the 'best' nightclub in Vegas.The DJ played a lot of house/electronica, and it was a pleasure to listen to. I agree with many that they usually don't play a lot of hip hop; as much as I love hip hop, I love house more. No problem for me. There isn't much room for those looking to dance - just the tiny spot in front of the DJ. XS is more of a bottle service/pool/tables/drinking place than a place to dance around in my opinion.Oh yes, we got there super early to wait in line, pay our cover, and get our 'return later' stamp. A bunch of dudes isn't a good look for trying to get into XS. That way, we were able to come back a bit later in the night after 'liquid preparations' elsewhere (save you some money) and some gambling (lose it right back).
4	$50 to get in...the inside part of the club is insane....hardly able to move....went outside...exact same as surrender...but we didn't have a table....drinks weren't as expensive as I thought they would be though... This place is a clubbers dream.  Lots of girls stand ankle high in the shallow pool, so it's hard to get to them... Didn't get to see someone fall into the water, so that sucked...
4	XS is my most frequented nightclub in Vegas, and I prefer it over all the others because the music is always top-notch, the layout is stunningly beautiful, and maybe 70 percent of the time there are good looking people. Drinks are always mad expensive ($14+) but I would say they are strong enough. Lately, it's becoming overpopulated and crowded like at TAO (ugh... yak). Lines have been ridiculous, but I've done my fair share of waiting because I know that I will always have a good time at XS! The XS crowd is primarily young 20's but can range up to 30's. Sometimes I think the bouncers are very selective of who can come in. Dress to impress!Whenever my feet start hurting from dancing, we always dip in the pool to cool down, haha.It's definitely become more of an EDM scene, which I love. For guys, suit up and be ready to spend $$$ because cover can be so ridiculous unless you know someone or if you're buying a table.
5	By far the best night club in Vegas.  Just be sure to book tickets online in advance and show up early, the line can be nuts.
3	Went for Sunday Night Swim to see Afrojack!!He was AMAZING. Great time dancing to him. Some cons were that the dance floor was shortened a great deal from how it regularly is so it was super crowded. People get kind of rowdy and rude here... and there are definitely creepers on patrol. For Sunday Night Swim, I don't really feel like bottle service is necessary because you're so far from the action! The bartenders were kind of rude... the same one kept charging all of us different prices for the same drinks! She ended up charging the guys LESS hoping to score tips or something.It's just really difficult to flag them down as well because the area is so compacted. I like Surrender's set up a bit more because you're not crammed, and it's much easier to get a drink there. At one point, I had my drivers license and credit card in hand, bought the drinks, but I had to carry 4 so i turned around to give them to my friend to help me out. Well the guy next to us was being a big douche and creeper so I got booted from my space. I was just overwhelmed with all the drinks so i started moving towards the edge of the pool, literally 2 feet away. The bartender came running after me tapping me hardly telling me I didn't pay her and acted as if I had no intent to pay. I was like huh? And handed her my card and drivers license that were still in my hand! Does that look like I was trying to get away? And wouldn't I have gone much farther away and made a run for it? I literally just strayed 2 feet still trying to hand people drinks that I was loaded with. I followed her to the bar to get my card back. For TWENTY minutes she PURPOSEFULLY ignored me, even though I asked her multiple times loud and clear if I could possibly close out my tab. She kept walking by my card and credit card and bill in the black envelope, finally, she ran out of black envelopes, looked at my card, looked at me, threw my card into a cup, and put another guys card and receipt in there. It wasn't as if my card were far away from her, and out of her way. I was still really polite, I even tipped her 10 dollars as an apology.However, I still feel this was unnecessary treatment. She treated me like a criminal. Also, she kept flirting with some dude behind the bar letting him slap her ass and stuff. Not very professional.. awkward to watch.I would've given 5 stars for afrojack, but -2 stars for the bad setup by the bar, and the rude bartender.
4	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Went for EDC weekend and was absolutely blown away...puts clubbing on another level both in terms of glam, women, and size2) Sebastian Ingrosso was DJ-ing....music was shigadyboomboom! Wam BAM thank u man soooo goood! UNTZ UNTZ UNTZ...I suspect other non-EDC weeks they have non-house/techno music3) Though nobody really went into the pool at night, the outside ambience is awesome...it's one of those "it's nice shakn booty next to a pool outside eventhough I won't get in it"...Pool parties during the day would be sexy time I'm sure4) Tickets only cost $30 for guys...and of course girls would be free Cons:1) The center area next to the DJ booth is a hot mess...but if you like that thang then go ahead moshing, bumpn, grindin, and gettn shiz in yo stank face
4	This place is pretty crackin', my favorite club next to Marquee. It's very spacious, had fabulous decor, love the waters outside (and you can dip your feet in the water, felt soooo goood), and the fun gambling table with a great dealer.  We had fun despite the fact that the DJ wasn't so great (Warren Peace) but with great company, can't go wrong! Decided to buy presales and cut the line. My friends without presales got in pretty early (just arrive by 930 ish). We bounced after Call Me Maybe came on (please do not play this song in Vegas...).Def one of the top clubs in Vegas.
3	This club gets a lot of hype, and after two visits I don't get it.I'll say it here, this is the NICEST club I've ever been to and the clubgoers at this place for the most part are cool people, but it just didn't feel very high class to me.  That's something tough to expect, but considering all the hype this venue gets, that's what I was looking for.Highlights at this club include the stripper poles... I mean if you have a bunch of lady friends, seeing them fail at pole dancing is pretty hilarious.  They also feature the best house DJs a lot more than any other club, so if you're into that vibe it works.  There's also confetti and stuff when things get really crackin'.There's also a pool outside.  People aren't allowed to mess with it at night, but it really gives the club a serene feel.As far as why I don't like the place as much as others... one, I'm a guy.  So yeah, it's gonna suck being that guy who insists on buying alcohol for everybody... and then seeing your tab run up to $500 due to simpleass cocktails running you $50 a glass.Don't even get me started on the fact that they don't bottle their beer.Two, again, I'm a guy... and I like to think I'm well-dressed.  It's discouraging as hell to have bouncers watch your every move when you're dressed like a million bucks, yet they won't pay any mind to hypebeasts who show up wearing some fakeass flannel from Tillys.  There was this one super chinky and scrawny dude in plaid (seriously? plaid at an upscale club?) and he was hella hitting it off with the ladies, and I honestly couldn't believe what I was seeing.  That killed my buzz.Of course, all that aside, the club is still very enjoyable.  Annoying, but it's deserving of being a Top 3 Vegas Hot Spot.  Best way to maximize the fun is to get bottle service.  You truly get the VIP experience, the seats are comfortable, and you get a good view of pretty much everything.VIP service here will cost an ARM and LEG though.  If you have a hook, like a promoter or Vegas event planner, definitely take advantage of his services, especially if you're in a group.
5	If you're a club rat and you're in Vegas, there's really no other place you need to go in Vegas. This is a grand place that is laid out beautifully with a central dance floor right beneath a giant chandelier. All the table services are lined up around the dance floor. You can have tables outside next to the pool. This place always has great music and crowd. If you're a guy, good luck getting in because it is harder than any other spot.
5	I wish my feet weren't killing me because I would have stayed here all night!On my recent trip to Vegas I had to go to XS since I didn't go last time. I searched high and low for a promoter or host to put my girls and I on a guestlist, but was kept on getting told that there is no guestlist for XS on Fri & Sat. Luckily i found a promoter for the Hard Rock that was able to walk us in at midnight. Shoutout to Michael you were awesome!We finally met up with him and he walked us in through some secret way. Finally after getting stamped 3 times we were in. It was just amazing. We went by the pool first to rest our feet. We walked around for a bit, but didn't make it to the dancefloor. It was crazy packed. We did order 1 round of drinks and the bartender made a pretty weak drink. If you have the money for a table do it!Can't wait to go back. Next time I will be prepared and bring flip flops in my purse.
5	Top 3 club in Vegas.  It's huge and I always have fun here!  I put down noise level as Very loud since it has good speakers
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place! XS is easily one of my favorite clubs to visit when I'm in Las Vegas. The crowd doesn't seem too young, pretentious or rowdy. On any given weekend, there's a great mixed crowd and always fun people to meet. Occasionally, they'll offer a night time pool party, where you can get into the pool or hot tubs at night, super cool!There are two layouts: outside surrounding the pool and inside which is circular surrounding the DJ stage. XS is home to many famous DJ residences and you can always expect a busy night when they're open. A good tip I found out on my last visit while hanging out outside, the women's bathroom (along the side) can get pretty busy. However there is a bathroom upstairs, above the cabanas, that usually has less people.
4	If you are a complete house-head and have an Asian fetish, this may be the club for you. Actually, in regards to the latter, seems like most of the Asian crowd has moved towards Marquee. I call it the far east movement...not that there's anything wrong with that. Fellas, be sure to scrape around the outside pool area if you're looking to pick up. Some bored hidden treasures tend to flock there. Perfect pick-up line: "Are you from North or South Korea?" (get slapped)...but after that you are TOTALLY in.
5	ABSOLUTEY AMAZING!!!! I just went there this past friday night and I couldnt have had a better time!! My group got VIP enterence and Bottle Service, which was beyond great. The waitress' and bus biys were very attentive to everything and anything we wanted, and they especially nice about everything. It is a bit pricey, but what do you expect from one of the top clubs in Vegas?!?!
4	Heard so many good things about this club, I just had to check it out while I was in Vegas.Awesome club, the wait was about to be bad but flirted the way in (I was glad guy friends about 15 people behind us decided to not cut line to where we were when we offered bc that would not have been possible with 2 guys).$20 cover, not bad.  My favorite part of the club was outside by the pool, you can take your heels off without worrying about getting your feet dirty, broken articles on the floor, etc.  Gigantic screen of DJ doing his thing for the folks hanging outside.  Music is loud enough for people outside.  Not a good mix of music however, they were playing trans/house, what I call ecstasy music all night (well, during the peak hours, 11-3:30).  I cannot dance to this type of music other than swinging my arms in the air or jumping up and down.Service at bar is nice and fast, short/long enough when guys buy you drinks if you know what I mean ;)Around 3:30 or so, we were done.  Got some pizza at the bar inside the hotel and went outside to catch a cab to Paris Hotel.  There was an HOUR wait at the taxi line.  We ended up getting one of those private car services which costs $45 (not including tip) for a 15 minute ride.
3	The Encore Hotel and Casino is a very elegant and classy place, just like XS. Once I entered the clubbed, the dance floor was filling up with happy dancers ready to dance the night away. I was one of those happy dancing people awaiting for DIPLO! However, after about  15 minutes of being able to dance freely with my boyfriend and sister,  we were squished into a tiny corner near where the DJ was at. Not a very suitable situation for a lady who has heels and a fever for dancing. As the night progressed, a bunch of drunken gals and men took over the dance floor and made a sea puddle of beer and mixed drinks on the floor making it slippery like black ice and trashed up the floor with empty bottles of beer--totally not classy.I saw that there were stripper poles on each table that had bottle service. Ladies, if you're drunk and have a tight dress on...when you probably know doesn't look so great when you bounce around and bounces extra things around the abdomen, you probably should choose a different dress to catch "prince charming's" eye?...Other than that note, my experience was fun-o-kay. I think if the bouncers stopped accepting new people in or allowing in for free in a bunch of groups, you could ummmm actuallly dance...you know...what the club should be for. I really liked the glitter paper and the stingy thingies that popped out of the air :D.
4	I agree with Cintya P.'s review below and I was actually there the same night.  I gave it one extra star because our free passes that I purchased off ebay worked to get us in for free (for girls only), and I just had an all around great time!The one bad thing about XS is that it gets EXTREMELY crowded on the dance floor, so it's really hard to get in and dance with your group without getting hit from all sides by other people dancing.  BUT, we got there early and were able to dance for a good few hours before it got too crowded.  One tip:  guys should buy their tickets ahead of time online.  Our guy did this, with the group of 5 girls, and they let him right in with us.  AND, get there early, like around 10pm.Overall, XS and Marquee are the top 2 clubs in Vegas right now and they are entirely worth going to!  BTW, XS is open Sunday nights, one of the few clubs around open on Sundays.
5	I have been to Vegas many times to a bunch of different clubs and XS is by FAR my favorite! If you go in with a promoter you get to cut the line. The atmosphere inside is great. I love the pool side area. It's always a party at XS!!! :)
5	This place was awesome!I went here on a Sunday night and I wasn't expecting much because it was a SUNDAY NIGHT but me and my friends had a blast! Atmosphere: Great! The vibe was nice, the people were nice, even the bathroom and bathroom services were nice! I enjoyed every single inch of this club! It was a Sunday and they had confetti!!! DJ: AMAZING! if only there were more DJ's like the guy who was spinning that night! I can't even put into words how awesome the guy was. He was able to play Wonder Wall, the original song, and still have everyone in the club hyped up to sing a long! I've never been to a club like that before, and it was a SUNDAY!Drinks: STRONG. The price wasn't that bad either for the amount of alcohol you're getting. I ordered a Long Island and I was expecting a strong alcoholic taste , but it was sweet so I didn't think it was strong enough so I drank 3 more... I'll just let you know that the bar tender did a great job making the drink smooth but staying strong!I highly recommend XS! They place great music (unless you're highly hate house msuic), they have great service and the place is beautiful!
4	XS Sunday night was a lot of fun. I wished I hadn't waited til my last night in Vegas to come here tho. Coz I was THOROUGH spent. I didn't even wanna drink!!! Its cool that there were ppl in the pool. Much more spacious than Marquee. Not sure how it got bumped to #2 by Marquee?!
4	my boyfriend recommended my friends and i go here because it's one of his favorite clubs in vegas. i loved the outdoor patio area by the pool. i liked the fact that if it got too stuffy or we needed a break from dancing we could just go outside by the pool to get a nice nighttime breeze or drinks. they had a bar out there as well as some poker tables if anyone wanted to gamble. the ambience was nice. the club got easily crowded on the dance floor though. that's one thing i didn't particularly like, having gotten drinks poured down my back due to people bumping into each other. seriously...not even enough elbow room, but seeing as it was the night before new years 2012. but considering it was the night before new years eve, getting in only costed us 30 bucks for girls and i think 50 for guys which wasn't as bad as i thought it would have been. they threw us some light sticks at the club and it was a fun atmosphere.
5	XS! This is the fucking place to be in Vegas!There are two parts of this club, interior and poolside.The inside is classy, chic, and beautiful. The outside, hugs the pool. It is spacious, there's plenty of room to dance, they are table games (for you gambling kind), and there is plenty of space. When your dogs start barking from your heels, you can take them off and dip them into the pool or hot tub. On Sundays, they do night swim, where you can actually fully emerge into the pool! It's the best!The music is EDM (electric dance music), Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Morgan Page, Dada Life, AfroJack are regularly spinning here.I find the people are overly friendly, probably because they're on something? Who knows. It's a great club, with an eclectic mix of people.One of the best in Vegas!
5	XS is still better than Marquee.  Best club in Vegas.DJs:  This summer alone there are so many amazing DJs lined up and I can't wait to see them all.  Avicii, Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Afrojack, Alesso, Steve Aoki... they can all be found at XS.  It is like EDC spread out over the entire summer.Venue:  Large enough to let you kinda spread out and get some air.  I like that the outdoor section allows you stroll around the pool while still watching the DJ on the big screen.  You even get to dip your feet in the pool.  I know we have all seen the fb pics since 2009 of girls posing and looking cute in the pool ... but watch out it becomes a hot mess around the pool.  There are guys in dress socks and slacks in there too.  There were two girls that straight up fell in.  Don't get too sloppy!  Keep it classy.  Dance floor gets pretty crowded but don't leave the indoor section if you don't want to get stuck outside when your favorite DJ comes one to play.  They barracade the entry so that it doesn't get too crowded inside.Crowd:  At least 50% Asian.  Everyone looks pretty decent.  Better looking crowd than some other clubs.  Still feels like everybody is trying to impress people but I don't get that mad douche vibe that I got from the Marquee crowd.  Not sure how easy it will be to actually talk to someone on the dance floor, but try outside haha.  It seriously gets to be a clusterf*ck of people around midnight.Getting in:  For big events like Tiesto or Avicii it is the easiest to just buy the online presale tickets.  Mike from the Hard Rock Hotel can hook it up and walk your group but prices are variable.  With Mike guys will pay at most $100 but the regular XS line will cost you up to $200 at big events for guys if it is around 1am.  Hit him up or buy your tickets online.Calvin Harris:  I came to XS last Saturday to see Calvin Harris and boy was it jam packed.  I was one of the unfortunate people who had to watch from outside because we were getting too frustrated with the dance floor and all the pushing.  I haven't been shoved/spilled/stepped on that much in a long time.  I am still giving XS a 5 stars because of the quality of DJs and the overall venue.  I will be back this Saturday for Avicii!  Can't wait for it, especially since I missed him at EDC...
5	Location: XS, Las Vegas Time: Saturday, after midnightGuaranteed: a Great time!How to get in:If you are a girl, getting in is a breeze! There were 2 full rooms of lines, I repeat, 2 rooms! I was in a group of girls. So after lining up for about 25 mins (still staying in the 2nd room), we were asked to step to the fast line meaning straight to the cashier and to the club! If you are in a mixed group or group of guys, have fun waiting in line. Maybe make some new friends while wait? Venue: It was huge but packed! I was like in a maze of humans and trying to find my way out to the pool. The indoor/outdoor thing is kind of cool. They even have some gaming tables to play. I was surprised the outside was not hot at all...I wonder how they keep it cool. The design theme is supposed to be a female body, so expect to navigate in a slightly curved space plan and see some nude sculptures hanging on the walls. Seating is plenty and bouncers are not obnoxious at all, they won't yell at you if you sit down at tables. But if it does happen, just go dip your feet in the pool. I saw many girls doing just that.Drinks: The bartender was a little bit slow but I was in my happy mood. As long as I got acknowledged that I would be served soon, I was fine. I had LA water and it was big and strong, compared to those served at other clubs. Dance floor: It is fairly large (my cab driver told me it's the largest one thus far in vegas?). Great visual on the big screens around the stage. Lighting pumps with the music and they use coffetti canon instead of the CO2 canon which I hate.Music: IT WAS AWESOME! Diplo was the headliner but he didn't start spinning until 1 or 1:30. The guy before him was kinda blah, but once Diplo started, I couldn't stop dancing! Crowd: I would say... there were a lot of men. I think the ratio was like 10 men to 1 woman. It was crazy. Thank God most of them were not obnoxious or fratty. Those I met were classy.Bonus tip: Apparently, if you are in a group of guys and would like some girls at your table, the bouncers would go out of their way to bring girls back. Pretty is not guaranteed though based on my observation.
4	been to many clubs in vegas and the first time i went here was years ago... dancers tossing cash into the dance floor..i picked up enough for three drinks with leftover cash even after tipping... score!!!now XS or Marquee you ask...?XS is best for drinking and getting drunk while Marquee is best for the "other stuff" cause they have all the pretty lights and trippy dancers balacing swords on their heads.... =)
5	I came here to watch Morgan Page and was surprised how awesome this venue is. I love how there is inside and outside seating. My BF purchased tickets through want tickets so we didn't have to deal with it at the door. We definitely check out which DJs are going to spin at which venue. The worse thing is to go to a club where the DJ sucks!
4	Despite being a bit of a sword fight (with a guy to girl ratio of about 5 to 1), XS was still a great club. It helped that I was with my wife and didn't have to compete with the testosterone throngs thrusting against brave ladies that venture onto the dance floor. The entrance fee on Monday night was cheap for XS standards at $30 for dudes and $20 for girls. But, we noticed that most single girls just got in for free if they looked hot with skimpy outfits. Olivia was jealous until I pointed out she was getting in for free (since I was paying ... ).Once inside, XS was smaller than expected, but it still works. One major positive was the ultra clean bathrooms. The dance floor heated up about 15 minutes after we got there and we staked out a spot in the middle near the front. Morgan Page took over as DJ around 1:30 a.m. and then it became so packed you could literally not move to the beat without bumping others. Eventually you just kind of get used to the close quarters and people touching you on all sides. Hopefully, you'll know one or two of them.If you don't get a table, there's no place to really relax except outside by the pool or squeezing in with another group. Because of the sausage-fest, ladies should have no problems making several friends. The bartenders were fast and made decent drinks. They ain't cheap, but you didn't go to XS to save money, right.XS lived up to expectations and was a great way to dance off the Vegas buffet till the morning.
5	Best Club in Vegas! Superlove Encore :)Music is fabulous, great crowd & super fun atmosphere!  Can't tell much, ya know what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas *wink wink*
3	The night my girlfriends and I came here, Calvin Harris was gonna dj, we got here around11 pm and we got a bottle and went in after about 20 minutes of waiting, the club was soooooo packed, and we made our way to the pool area, took 30 minutes to order some drinks, horrible service since there was only one partner to each side, it was really bad. But once we got our drinks, we watched the dj by the pool took our shoes off and relax, it was sooo fun! Then we met a rapper and sat at his table, it was sooo random!
2	My first "real" club experience was here and it really sucked. I'd take karaoke night with geriatrics at the Paloma Room in Montebello, CA over this place. All because of management's brilliant idea of letting everyone into the club and subsequently flooding the dance floor for DIPLO. At least in a mosh pit you can push back. Here you got posturing Jersey Shore rejects ("Oh the song is building up? That's my cue to lift my hands up and look up into the air as the music takes me away") with their crews forcing themselves through the dance floor getting butthurt if you won't let them mob you into the guard rail.That said, this place is nice looking and I can see why people would like it, but that night was just bullshit.
2	I like to start off by saying I haven't yelped in over a year, but my experience last weekend convinced me otherwise. Good job XS, I'm back on yelp.  This place gets a lot of hype and rightfully so. The venue is what I call a hot girl-crazy paradox.  Since its inception, what's not to love about her? XS is sexy, gorgeous & attractive. Everyone wants to sample it... even if it means paying a premium price, but people (me included) tend to be blind-sighted when their smarter friends warn you otherwise. Chilling in the room, reminiscing how awesome the previous nights were (side note: the wraparound balcony suite at the cosmopolitan deserves a well 10 star out of 5 review... but that's a different story), one of my best friend says, "hey, we should all go to XS tonight, I'll buy 4 tickets online. Avicii will be there". Yup, with house/trance being the mainstream these days, when you hear Avicii, Tiesto, or Gareth Emery... people like my friends automatically think it's going to be a good night. It was 9:30pm. We did the usual XS protocols. Go in before rush hour to get the usual two stamps... 1) for being 21+ 2) the other for re-entry. I like to address the ladder stamp being the most important. With their low quality stamp ink pads, make sure you get a FULL stamp. Not 1/3... not even half...  not ... but a FULL stamp. Let me repeat that again... a FULL STAMP (like the ones you get at Disneyland)  Later that night in the re-entry way, the security claims that my stamp wasn't clear enough for the club and that I had to immediately go back to general admission to purchase a new ticket. At that moment, I had the hot girl-crazy paradox epiphany... the illusion glass of hotness suddenly shattered and my realization of XS began. 1) XS's extra small dance floor2) XS's poor handle of crowd control3) XS's poor quality in bottle services 4) XS's $19 red bull vodkas5) XS's poor judgment in the definition of Excess. Like a hot-crazy girl, if you haven't experienced XS yet, you have to try it. It's something everyone must do and say, "yup... I done it"; however, if the next time is going to be your 10th... stop while you're ahead. Keep the legendary memories behind you and don't let it get tainted with the XS it is now: overcrowded, overpriced and most of all... overhyped. I'm back Yelpers. I'm back.
3	This is the second time I have been here. The club ran out of tables so book in advanced or buy tickets online. DJ Teisto and other DJ didnt play good music that night I went 7/6/12. This place was packed and girls were under dressed in tshirts jeans and flip flops. Hello you are in Vegas not at home on your couch. Bartender outside by pool are super slow!! Inside was super hot and outside was nice people being able to put feet in pool and stand by misters that were above.
4	I love Avicii and his beautiful Swedish melodies, but he's definitely a curse for this venue. Came here last Saturday for Avicii over Independence Day weekend and the main dance floor was so packed, it was constant pushing and shoving even to get out. If someone fell, they would probably be trampled to death. (This is where Marquee actually gets it right when they crowd control the main dance floor.) Once you've spent 15 minutes trying to push, shove, and squeeze your way off the main dance floor, you'll be stuck to a small section of the venue (even outside) because bouncers will block off areas to prevent overflow.Yet I still retain a favorable opinion of XS because last labor day on the Saturday with Steve Angello, I was still able to bust out a short shuffle on the main dance floor and then proceed to dip my feet in the pool with little to no pushing and shoving. It might have helped that Avicii was at Marquee that night.So the rule of thumb? If Avicii is at XS, go to Marquee and vice versa. Levels is universally played at any club anyway.One last thing: if you do decide more than a day before that you're going and can't do guestlist/don't want to try, I highly recommend buying pre-sale tickets. Prices are usually $20/$50 for girls/guys a few weeks in advance and I believe $30/$55 the week of, but it's super painless to get in line and in the venue that way.
5	Holy crap.  This place is crazy.  When I was 16, I went to Hong Kong, which is the worlds second most populated city after Mexico city.  There were people bumping into me every few feet there.  When I went to club XS, I felt like I was stuck in traffic on the freeway during peak rush hour.  At certain times, I could not even move anywhere since I was surrounded by people left and right.   I'm not talking about the dance floor, I"m talking about being outside.  Shoulder to shoulder, butt to front, I was stuck.  I couldn't even go in and out without taking the long way around.I don't know if its like that every saturday night, but this saturday was with Calvin Harris. He was amazing.  I'm usually a shy guy when it comes to dancing, but I couldn't help but get on my feet and bust a move when he was at the turn tables.  The music was great the entire night.The drinks were pretty pricey though.  I ordered an Adios and it was $16.  A cup of soda was around $5, as well as a water bottle.  My friends and I knew this coming in so we pre-gamed a bit before we went out here.  Its highly recommended. :)The people here are pretty classy too.  They are put together pretty well and look great.  Its not like some sleezy local club.  What would you expect after shelling out nearly $75 just for a cover charge?  Very pretty girls and lots of good looking and interesting cats around.Anyhow, there were also tables to gamble by the pool outside.  The pool is a european bathing place by day and a place to literally stand and chill at night.  Some people were dancing in the pool the whole time since it was so crowded everywhere.It was an amazing experience.  Everything was definitely took a dent out of the pay check but you get what you pay for!
3	Huge club full of beautiful-looking girls and the creepers who like to pray on them. Got here early around 11pm and was able to get in under 30 minutes!  A little on the pricey side.  Guys are 75 bucks and girls 35 on the Saturday night we went.
1	this is not a place for nonsmokers but you can sell life insurance at this place. tons of smokers
3	I don't understand how this club is different from the others in Vegas. No matter how well any club is decorated, it looks the same in the dark: pinkish glow, a bunch of girls in tight dresses, a bunch of guido looking guys, and terrible staff. There was a huge crowd going in and out from the bathroom areas. Just kidding, there was a huge crowd everywhere. I thought XS was supposedly the bigger clubs, but their dance floor is so so small. I quite enjoyed the outside area though. We were 2 minutes late for the guestlist and the bouncer said it was closed and did not let us in. Luckily, my friend had a hookup inside who can get us into any club for free, so we called him up. The bouncer gave us SO much attitude after we were granted free entry. FYI don't use your friend's ID here if you're underage. They will catch you, as they caught two of my friends. Just wait until you're 21 so your night doesn't get ruined with barred entry. XS is just like all the Vegas clubs, pretentious, pretentious, pretentious.
4	We were in Las Vegas this weekend and our Hotel suggested this great nightclub.  If you are really looking on having an unforgetable night this club is for you. Great looking people and great music. Downfall: very expensive drinks but you get what you pay for, if its a good night it will be very crowded that you cant even dance on the dance floor and the co charge is hell expensive. Other then that, you will have a great time!!
3	Was here in December so the outside wasn't open, had it been I might have felt different. Being a Vegas first timer, here is something I now know. no club is worth going to without bottle service. If EDM is your thing, then this place may be the greatest (no shortage of available eye candy), but for me I the music totally killed my buzz. Overall, the club is nice but the music sucked to me. EDM has no beat, and the women just kinda jerked around trying to find a beat that wasn't there, even the stage dancers couldn't get with it.
5	I was just about to lose faith in XS. The past couple times I've been here the crowd has been dead yet the club is still the same price. I paid $100 for a pre-sale ticket on New Years and there was no one there because they were charging like $200 at the door. They should totally lower the ticket prices if its late and there isn't anyone there.But I came recently for DaDa Life and even though I have no clue who they are...the place was crowded and had a good vibe. XS and marquee are definitely my go to clubs for Vegas.Tip to the wise....don't get too drunk and start gambling...you can quickly see your weekend spendings disappear in one night.
4	Here my friends lies the best nightclub in Las Vegas, and I'm saying this because of the following reasons: it's at the Wynn/Encore and they know how to throw a party; it's the most aesthetically pleasing club in all of Vegas; it's spacious, yet still gets completely packed; there are plenty of places to sit outdoors even if you don't have a table.XS opened on New Year's in 2008 and I remember coming here shortly after. I've never been so mesmerized after I walked through the front entrance, up the stairs, around the curve to see the dancefloor, the pool, and the bar in the back. It was beautiful and it still is. The club is lined with gold figures posed in their dance moves and they stick out along the walls of the club. Every single time I come to Vegas, it's usually a given that I'm coming here. There was a point in time where I didn't like XS as much, basically back in the time before Cosmo and all the Asians flocked and hung out here. Now they're all at Marquee and XS is more diversified. Thank goodness! It's still crowded like crazy though and I can't stand it. Even the outdoor pool area is packed like sardines. To get through this crowd you need to take charge, and you probably need to push some drunk beezies out of your way.I like how they moved their DJ booth to the middle where people can see them especially since Vegas clubs are featuring the world's top DJ's. This past week I saw Dada Life and they were amazing! People were going nuts when they came on. I'm just so glad I had a table to sit at or else I would've gotten lost in the crowd. Like always, the drinks are expensive, most of the guys are creepers, the bouncers are d-bags, and the cute girls don't have any problems getting in. That's Vegas, baby!
3	We went on a Monday, which was Industry Night (whatever that means). This is the nicest club I've ever been to. Luckily, we were on the guest list so were able to skip the line. The guy whose guest list we were on even actually showed us inside the club, and walked us to his table. That was really nice, as he knew the quickest way around the crowd. Which leads to the crowd- there was an insane amount of people. Couldn't even dance because I kept getting bumped into. Apparently the DJ was famous, as people were really excited about him. I have to say he did play the best music of all the Vegas clubs I've been to. The wall decorations are gold female torsos, which I read are molds of actual waitresses who worked there and the gold is real. I didn't appreciate being bombarded with boobs on the walls, but what else do you expect from Vegas. Though it was really nice and had great music, my friend and I didn't stay long because it was just too crowded to dance and we didn't feel like pay 17 dollars for a drink that night. I'd probably only go again if we had VIP table.Oh, the restrooms are really nice as well and kept clean throughout the night. They had 3 women on staff, making sure the stalls were clean before you entered. This also kept the line moving so we didn't have to wait long.
4	buy presale tickets...no wait no hassle easy as pieeeee to get in!!!pretty dance floor "indoor area" BUT disgusting...way too packed to breathe let alone dance..ur basically just shoved in there and you are fidgeting to get some breathing room outside is nice...large areas poolside to just hang out...some girls knocked off their heels and dipped their feet in the water...some girl just plopped right on in the pool MY THEORY is she had to pee and was too lazy and wasted to walk her ass to the restroom...thats when alotta girls stepped on out =xi had 5...FIVE people yell "WHY ARE THERE SO MANY DAMN ASIANS HERE!"i take offense...sorry we are soooo disgusting...but whattya expect...house music in vegas...they eat that shit UP!not me...the place wasn't bad...dadalife was good but ima run over with my girls to tryst and listen to some top40 next time! tehehe
1	Was here this past Saturday night, the DJ was horrible, pretty sure we got charge double for the freaking smallest table in that club!! Should of went to Marquee.........
5	Best club in Vegas!!!! Loooove this place!great parties happen here!have out door area that you can put your feet in jaccuzi or pool..Great house DJs always plays here!Deadmou5, Kaskade, tiesto.... etc etc .It's just so much fun!
5	I LOVE XS. Where do I even begin?? My friends and I were initially going to go clubbing at Marquee the first night we got to Vegas, but when my friends and I arrived to join the rest of our group who got to Vegas earlier (and were supposedly in line for Marquee), we found out that our entire group got banned from clubbing in Marquee that night because one of our tipsy friends had been drinking in line (kind of funny when I think about it), even though we were staying at The Cosmopolitan for the duration of our trip. But no matter, we were determined to find ourselves some fun that night..and that we did at XS!THE WAITING LINE: When we were waiting in line for the club, the bouncer was very nice and patient, unlike the stereotypical mean and cocky bouncers I always hear about. He was even willing to hold up a conversation with us even though I'm pretty sure we were just talking nonsense at that point.MUSIC & PEOPLE: I loved the music selection from XS because they combined both top 40 stuff that EVERYONE knows how to sing along to and electronic music, which I enjoy very much! The dance floor was not super packed so we were able to dance and move freely. The people in XS were all super chill as well, which added to the experience.THE BAR: When my friends and I decided to get more drinks at the bar, the bartender was quick to take our orders and give me my yummy Midori Sour. And after our short bar break, we jumped back into the crowd to have more fun. We had so much fun dancing the night away that we didn't even realize when the dance floor started to clear. While the rest of my group sat down at the vacated tables to rest, two friends and I just continued dancing like we didn't have a care in the world.SERVICE: After we left the club, one of our friends realized that he had left his credit card at the bar. We ran back to the club and the employees were very understanding and let us back in. One of the bartenders asked our friend for his name to make sure he was the owner of the card before returning it to him, which was pretty considerate.To sum it up, great music, chill crowd, quick bar service, and friendly workers! Don't miss out on this club when you find yourself in Vegas!
5	I was here last thursday night - I was at a conference and they rented out the entire club, so I did not experience the usual crowd, just got to see the venue in a totally different way than most people usually would!The interior is gorgeous.  It is very similar to tryst in my opinion.  They replaced the red in tryst with gold in xs.  They both have water features, very similar dance floor layout.  Really just similar all around.I had a good time - definitely would like to go again sometime on a regular night.  The club was very spectacular and a lot of fun.
5	XS....  DEFINITLY THE COOLEST CLUB IN VEGAS.  im a huntingtion beach girl myself,  but when i go to vegas   OMG.....  XS was the place to be.   i loved the entrance,  blew me away,  the stairs were so sexy looking,  the decor was hot.   we loved the dj,  we danced all nite on that dance floor.   we started out at the marquee,  and not being from vegas,   didnt really know where else to go,   we were bored.      some nice guy said   GO TO XS!   we did.   we were TREATED SO GOOD BY THE STAFF,  THE BARTENDER.   THANK YOU SO MUCH!    the outside area was so neat,  with the water and all.   seen alot of clubs in california,  and abroad,   but let me say  XS WAS THE COOLEST CLUB IVE EVER SEEN ANYWHERE!    my trip to vegas started out bad,  went there to get my hair done,   big mistake!   BUT IT ENDED SO GREAT!   the only thing ill do different next time is    IM GONNA BRING ALL MY HOT GIRLFRIENDS FROM THE OC TO XS!  CAUSE XS ROCKS!     THANK YOU FOR A GOOD TIME         debi
5	This is by far the best club in Vegas, and probably the best club I have ever been to ever. I went here with a couple of friends on a Sunday night when Knife Party was playing. There's a club area with dancers, bottle service, bars, and a dance floor. But when you go outside, it gets even better. There's a really big pool with a central island bar with gambling tables. Also, there are reserved seating areas for bottle service, beer pong tables at the back, and a few hot tubs for your close interactions. If you bring your phone, be very weary. You can easily drop it or loose it in the midst of this crazy place. Drunk people in bathing suits having fun and listening to some of the best electronic artists of our age is probably a very minimal description of this fantastic place. We got into the club for $20, but that's because we booked tickets online in advance, probably 2-3 weeks before coming to Vegas. Trust me, for the money you spend getting in, it's a complete bargain. Also, if you are down to listen to artists like Deadmau5, Knife Party, Kaskade, Tiesto, and others, you are in for a treat. XS always brings out the best DJs, so you can expect a raging good time.You absolutely have to go here when you are in Vegas. PERIOD.
5	XS (Pronounced: Excess) certainly lives up to its name. And its reputation. There is a good reason people consider this to be the best nightclub in Vegas. Yes, it is expensive. Yes, cover can run you $50 and you're not going to find any decent liquor for less than $15-20. But does any of that matter once you realize you're in the most luxurious, beautiful, spacious club on the Strip and arguably one of the finest in the world? The crowd is attractive, the house DJ is great and the guest DJs legendary, the drinks stiff and delicious, and the staff is attentive and eager. The space is massive and the outside area is THE place to be on a hot summer evening. I realize that I'm largely just repeating what the 1500+ other reviewers have said but you owe it to yourself to make the trip to the Encore and experience why XS is beyond compare.
5	Wolfgang Gartner and Sunday Swim each had their highlights, but I have to say that Sunday Swim took the cake of going the f*8k off. The people in the pool, combined with the splashing to the beat and the music pumping was a pretty awesome visual experience. Honestly I wasn't so impressed with the interior of XS; it smelled like barf covered up with peachy disinfectant. Yuck!  The lay out was also nothing special.  What made XS is the indoor outdoor feature.  It is just stunning with the shimmering Wynn and Encore towers, and the beautiful pool and "garden" areas. Warm nights, beautiful sky, excellent sound system, etc. The gambling poolside was also such a nice touch.  Only I noticed on Sunday Swim the clientele wasnt up to par of Saturday.  I am paying out the wazoo at a 5 diamond resort to party; please keep the riff raff out of the club...Pretty cool club over all
5	Yes, XS lives up to the hype. So what makes XS so special? The crowd it attracts. My first night here was so good, we went again the next night. The people are beautiful, and there's a sense of class(at least in comparison to other clubs in Vegas). I'm not going to lie, the inside of this place has a gross lingering smell of puke. And the music is not everything you hear about and expect it to be. I was honestly a bit disappointed by the music, but the party itself made up for it. There's plenty of places to sit, outside and the pool is the best place to be. It's the Wynn so don't complain about your $8 mini waters and pricey drinks. And expect to pay cover unless its Sunday and you found yourself on the promoters list(they're very nice btw). The bouncers here were very nice and friendly. The decor is pretty nice. Id recommend you show up early to avoid the lines and find a good seat. The place pops like at 12:30-1pm. And ladies, leave after 2 cause the guys are sloppy wasted after about 1:45. Overall, the best club I've been to in Vegas and you just gotta check it out-its worth your time!
1	I came here last Saturday with 5 of my girlfriends. 5/6 of us got stamped except for one of my girlfriends. They denied her because my girlfriend did not look like her picture in her passport and that her nose does not match. -__- Are you serious? Even though her picture was a couple of years younger, you can still see the resemblance. She even asked if she could show them her facebook page since this happened to her at club Tao and they let her through, but the bouncer said no. What is even worse is the day before, my friend's friend tried getting into XS but got denied with her own ID as well. In person, she is skinny with blonde hair, but in her ID, she was chubs with black hair. They basically denied her for getting hotter. -__-Anyways, we decided to try Surrender and my girlfriend got in. I think I have more love for Surrender than XS now even though I love the ambiance for XS more. :/ I guess you better update your ID picture if you decide to get fit/fat/dye your hair/get a nose job/etc or bring a back up ID photo or else they will deny you.
4	This place is pretty nice and is made a lot like Tryst. The only difference is that this place is a lot bigger and the pool area is very nice.My friends and I were here for a bachelor party for our first night in town. The place was packed and bumpin. I'm usually never a big fan of house music but for some reason I was feeling the music down to my bones. The DJs and the people around me had so much energy that it just gave me even more energy.I wish there was another dance floor outside by the pool. It seems like people only want to dance inside and go outside for air or something. The dance floor inside is never big enough to hold everyone. Regardless, this is an awesome club. I'd recommend coming here.
5	Fun
4	The club was really spacious. You didn't feel like you were confined to two areas. It was fun dancing on the water.
4	XS is a large club inside the Encore. It is fairly large and has a large outdoor patio and an inside area/club. They have a lot of bars spread around the area. 4 bars outside next to the pool and 5 bars inside. This place can get really packed when a really good/popular artist is featured. The vibe is really nice and there is a lot to keep you happy. There are a lot of girls for the guys to look at too. Even if you are in the back of the patio/club area you can still enjoy the music, while being able to breathe. If you decide to go, consider getting a table so you can sit down. Especially if you are wearing heels! :)www.partylasvegas.us
1	Place sucks, if the place is getting crowded and stuffy, they still let people in which makes it overcrowded. Staff is wack. Bartenders are assholes "I only get paid 8 bucks an hour, so calm the fuck down." Bouncers treat you like cattle. After a while the crowd gets a little aggravated from waiting too long to get onto the dance floors and starts pushing forward which causes fights and people falling over. Honestly never coming to this club again. Paid 50$ just to leave only an hour and a half after entering. overrated and overpriced.
5	This is the best club by far in vegas!  Went here for a bachelorette party this past weekend with a group of 13 girls and we got in pretty quickly. However, we did have to pay $20 for each girl but it was worth seeing Calvin Harris live and from the pool!We were dancing in the pool and it felt like we were getting a mini pedicure while dancing!
3	I would have loved to give XS more stars because it's such a beautiful club, but I came here to dance and the dance floor was so ridiculously packed hardly anyone could move.   The only instance I saw of people moving was when they fist pumped the air towards the DJ like they were at some rock conert, and that shit's sad.  Most of the people were just groups of dudes together or a pair of girls pushing through the crowds.  Like I said, NO DANCING.  My heels killed me more than usual because I couldn't fucking move my feet more than a friggin inch without stepping on someone else, and I try not to bore holes in anyone's feet so I was planted in the same spot for half an hour until my boyfriend wanted to get a drink.Then we tried to get a drink at the bar, and there's just a long bar with 4 bartenders.  We stood in the same spot for 20 minutes and NOTHING HAPPENED.  No one even stood in front of us or tried to cut us to get a drink, and we were two steps away from the bartender, and NOTHING HAPPENED, we never got a drink.  I jjust said fuck it.We had to pay extra on Saturday because Calvin Harris was playing, but bitch didn't even get on until 3AM!  I was so fucking drunk I almost passed out so I headed up to my hotel room without listening to him.  I mean I kinow it's Vegas fashion to party until the morning, but damn ... 3 AM???  What the fuck was Calvin doing?  Did he just wake up?
3	I really dislike Vegas clubs. They're only really fun if you go with a large group of attractive ladies, do a LOT of pre-partying in your hotel beforehand, or both. Otherwise, you can be prepared to spend enough to buy a small country. That being said, XS is probably my favorite one so far. Came here with a bachelorette party of 14 ladies, and thanks to a promoter, got in gratis. We made friends with some guys with a cabana so we got to hang out there, and made friends with others with bottle service. Hey, I'm more than willing to trade conversation for free drinks! No shame! This club is absolutely beautiful. It's stylish, swanky, has a gorgeously lit outdoor pool area that makes you feel like you're at a tropical resort, and definitely lives up to the "excess" of its name. Definitely aesthetically stunning, and that's what sets a club apart. I didn't buy any drinks here, as I took advantage of tip #2 in the first paragraph, but I heard they were as overpriced as can be expected. Calvin Harris was a guest DJ that night, so the place was PACKED. I know clubs get crowded and especially with well-known DJs, but I'm docking this one 1 star because of the lack of any crowd control. Most clubs have security guards EVERYWHERE, making sure people can move around easily and that all walkways are clear. In this case, it took about 30 minutes (not exaggerating) to get from one side of the club to another because of the sheer amount of people.... bottlenecking in the pool entrance, and crowding every door so that it was impossible to move in any direction; you had to just wait to be pushed along with the crowd, however long they stood still. In this case, I would welcome any kind of security just to make sure this didn't happen. Not only is it frustrating, but doesn't really seem safe. Despite that, I had a great time dancing the night away, and loved the lights and effects. It was also cute to be hollered at by the barely-legal club-goers, one who told me he was "celebrating his buddy's 21st." I tried not to giggle when he said that.Him: "So where did you go to school?"Me: "UCLA.""Oh, cool! What year did you graduate?"I told him, and the smile dropped off his face. "How old ARE you?""29," I answered, trying again not to laugh."You're kidding. You are NOT 29.""No, I really am." A few minutes later, he politely excused himself. Maybe this is why my friends and I don't go to Vegas clubs as often these days. Still entertaining and a fun night, nonetheless!
3	3 1/2 stars If I could.  Lets do this review already.Setting:  5/5Looks amazing.  Very wide open.  Lots of space.  Pool was beautiful.  2 floors with what looks to be a large dance floor and stage.atmosphere: 3.5/5This is almost a purely subjective category, but I'll say that it was a typical club atmosphere at vegas. Nothing amazing except everyone there has like XS-fever.  "OMG, we're finally IN XS!" ...."  XS is amazing!!! (after stepping through the door for 4 mins)."  Etc.. etc...  I guess because of that, the atmosphere will be pretty positive.  people:4/5Lots of good looking guys and girls.  For some reason, and i'm guilty of this too, guys tend to wear more slacks and ties here then the other clubs.  Girls...just as scantily clad as other places.  I think this place may have less douche bags... but I could be wrong.Crowd:  2/5At some point, there is something as TOO MUCH.  I'm surprised Vegas PD doesn't shut this place down because I know they're over packing this place.  I think another reviewer mentioned this.  i too went when Calvin Harris was guest DJing and that thing was ridiculous.  My friends told me they were getting elbowed left and right on the dance floor.  Security stopped letting people onto the floor at like 11:30.  You also have to wait in line for 35 mins in the on-call line and i think 2 hours in the general admissions.  Seriously, Encore needs to think about this and limit the number of people inside.  1 Fire = dozens injured and millions of dollars in lawsuits.Service: 2/5My buddy waited 30 mins to get to the Bar and order his drink.  Not really XS fault, but when you go beyond capacity and have a short staff...you're going to piss some people off.  He mentioned it was almost $60 for 3 jack and cokes.So for a place that is highly touted as being "The Best in Vegas" I was a little let down.  This could just have been an off night, so I'll go again because it is that d*mn pretty inside....but I'm definitely lowering expectations.If you're coming to dance, like I was, go to XS on a non-sat/non-event night.  Try Tryst at Wynn or V-Bar at Venetian.
1	I have been here twice now. Once when they were brand new, and then again this past weekend.THIS CLUB SUCKS! If you want to go to an expensive, overly-hyped, WAY overcrowded (every club in Vegas gets too crowded, but they really just do not care about safety or fire hazards at XS - AT ALL!) club that loves to drop the beat after every song, then this is the place for you.The first time I went, we had bottle service for my friend's birthday. He is a VIP at Wynn and was in one of the largest suites at Encore so you think they would have given him a little something. No! They put as at this SMALL ASS table, OUTSIDE (in December) that did not even have seating for four people. And there was no privacy or separation from regular guests. Not cool.This past weekend, I went again (against my wishes) with my friends to XS because Calvin Harris was playing. Once again, we were staying at a suite in Encore. It worked out a little better this time because guy tickets were sold out but we were able to get them because of staying at the hotel. Let me say, Calvin Harris was AWESOME! He put on an amazing show. And I already knew to expect that the venue would be crowded. But seriously - we were packed so tight (inside AND outside) that you couldn't even put your hands up without hitting someone. And there was literally NO WHERE to move. Getting a drink took 45 minutes. Ridiculous! They had FOUR (4) people behind the bar. Are you kidding me?!Needless to say, I will NOT be pressured into coming back to this club; especially not when there are hundreds of other places to explore in Vegas!
1	The club oversold so many tickets that the entire club was basically group-hugging everyone.The bartender literally screamed in my face, spit-flying and all, and told me to "wait the fuck [my] turn!!" ... never coming back. I'm not even sure why I came.
3	If I could give half star ratings, XS would have 3.5 stars instead! Why 3.5 stars instead of 4 stars you ask? All because of my most recent experience with this highly popular Las Vegas nightclub. I came the last weekend of June and the only big DJ playing that weekend was Calvin Harris. Of course, he was playing at XS because they seem to get the best mix of DJs. Anywho, I can honestly say I've never seen XS so crowded before in my 4 visits there. The inside, PACKED. The outdoor area, PACKED. The upper level outdoor cabanas, ALL PACKED. it was ridiculous!!! If you made the mistake of venturing outside like my friends and I did, it took at least an hour to get back in. Absolutely terrible! Why would they let so many people into the club? I understand they are a business and are trying to make as much profit as possible, but turning one of the best clubs in Vegas into a complete mess will make many people unhappy...As for all the other times I've been to XS, I've had great experiences so I guess you could say I have a bipolar relationship with this place. I've been able to see R3hab, Avicii, and Sebastian Ingrosso play here! I wish my Calvin Harris experience wasn't so bad but what can you do right? Can't expect a club as popular as XS to not be jam packed when a pretty big DJ comes to play. Everything about this place is super nice and plush. It makes me feel so happy inside. It looks beautiful all around, inside and out. Also, if you want to have a good time here, you haveee to be a fan of EDM!! If you're looking to bump and grind to some hip hop, this is not the place for you. But if you come with an open mind, you will probably have a good time here!
5	One of the best clubs in Vegas.The venue is not only huge but it is beautiful! High ceiling, crystal chandeliers, big dancefloor, and oh the outdoor part is beautiful with a huge pool, and a cabana for VIP. It gets pretty crowded, and hard to move around the dance floor, so be prepared.  When i went on a thursday night, in which they play mostly house. Most of the time, it's a sausage fest, which i think why my group of ladies got in for free while men had to pay a $40 cover (yay for having a vagina).TIP:Drink beforehand because drinks are exxxpenssiiveeee. They need to have a club with happy hour or something.
3	I think I came on an off night. My girlfriends and I came in on a Sunday night since XS doesn't have a guest list for Saturdays. Even though we were a group of girls on the guest list, we were in line FOREVER. It was nice that we got to get in for free and got a free drink. The line was killer, and the promoter we worked with wasn't very helpful. It's a beautiful venue with a lot of glitz. The pool area is really pretty, and it's definitely nice to have the fresh air. We were there on one of those "pool party" nights so we actually weren't allowed to be inside the club...so I was a little bummed about that. The pool party never really heated up that night. I've seen videos of how crazy these nights can get, but it was nothing like that when I was there. The club barely filled up. Everyone was sitting / standing around awkwardly. Only a couple brave souls were awkwardly dancing on the dance floor. It felt a lot like the dances I used to attend in middle school, where no one wanted to dance and all the boys and girls were standing on apposite sides of the room.I definitely want to give this place another shot. It really is a gorgeous club, and I've heard such great things about it. Maybe next time I'll just shell out some money and come on a Saturday night.
3	Nice club. Probably one of the best in the world. Many certainly advertise it as such.I've been to this place more than once. Was there a little over a week ago with some buddies. We paid over $2,200 for bottle service. Got a bottle of Crown Royal and a couple of bottles of basic vodka. While walking down the hallway to wait in line (we got there a little early), one of the bouncers said, "Don't stand in MY HALLWAY or I'm gonna kick you out!" I guess the hallway belonged to him. Other bouncers there weren't nice either. That's Vegas, though. It's all about supply and demand.The server that we got was kind of nice. She didn't smile too much, though, and at times, seemed like she was rather annoyed that she had to serve us. Aside from horrible service, we had a decent time. The place was packed. So packed, in fact, that we couldn't get back inside once we went outside (they closed the off, we were seated outside).I'd say don't get bottle service and pay $50 (I think that's the price for guys) to get in. Once you're in, you can be a squatter and just sit on other peoples chairs or cabanas or whater. That's what happened to us, people just came by with their girlfriends and just sat at our place for free. Heck, some even grab drinks from table. Ha.
5	Found the guest list for you ladies!Guest List here!http://xslasvegas.com/html/guest_list.phpFor more dress code, line wait/cover, etc. info about XS. please read my previous review! Thanks and take a shot for me! lol! ;)
4	This club is really beautiful, very large and spacious but crowded! I enjoyed the outdoor area with beautiful view of the pool. Drinks are as expected very $$ but hey it's Vegas! We avoided the line to get in and booked VIP service through Red Carpet VIP, who I highly recommend using if you want the VIP treatment in Vegas. We did the whole limo pickup/dropoff plus club entry, made the night a lot less stressful and if you're in Vegas mind as well do it in style! Back to XS, I would visit this club at least once if you're in Vegas though, just be prepared to shuffle through the crowd and pay an arm and a leg for a drink.
5	I swear i'm the biggest XS advocate of all time!BY FAR THEEEE BEST CLUB hands down.Since its opening, XS is a must every time I am in Vegas. heck, I went both nights this past weekend and I didn't mind it one bit!GO GO GO GO GO!
5	Place is so beautiful. Im glad i came here before i died so i got a chance to see it!!EXCELLENT customer service
3	Attended this club last week while celebrating my 21st birthday!From what i remember this club was really fun! I got to WYNN around 10 pm and went straight to the bar, grabbed a drink and got right in line to XS. Being there early got me pretty much right in front with my buddies but they do favor the VIP, groupon and promoters lists and it seems they almost forget about GA haha. not a big deal just a heads up so you know what to expect!The one thing i did notice but wasnt the clubs fault is that it was very busy but it seemed nobody was dancing? they'd rather stand around and talk. Personally not my type of crowed because i go to clubs to dance and have fun.if you like to dance then id advise you going to RAIN @ the Palms! Its BIGGER, BETTER and i paid the same cover charge!
4	XS is a hit or miss for me.I love how they incorporate the inside and outside space. It's absolutely gorgeous. The inside dance floor is a bit small and becomes overly crowded very quickly and fast. You feel like a bunch of sardines parked into a too tight can. No space to move around..literally. Instead of dancing you're more so just waddling around. The outdoor area surrounding the pool is perfect for summer nights. Spacious and amble sitting space for your poor tired feet.My only gripe about XS is how they handle large crowds. Once they've reached their capacity limit, they refuse to let people go and in between the indoor and outdoor area. On crazy nights, such as the night Calvin Harris was there, once you're outside, you're stuck outside.The good thing though, during summer nights, the outside pool/cabana area is perfect for dipping your feet in the pool and just to lounge around talking to your friends or random strangers.I went two weeks ago when Calvin Harris was the guest..and that night was scorching hot. Thank god I was outside, right behind the DJ stage. It was perfect. Even though you were outside by the pool, there was a big screen that showed everything happening inside. The best part of the night? Everyone started dancing and straight up jumping into the pool. It was awesome... So for that reason, I'll give XS another star.
5	I have been too all the hot clubs in LV, but I must say this place is nice, spacious and open. It didnt feel crowded and didnt take forveer to get in either. The night went well. Drinks were moderately priced. A good combo of music, and decent go go dancers. It didnt feel stuffy, hot or smelly. Bathrooms were nice and private. Doors went all the way down and you truly had your own stall. I will be back for this place.
2	This is the second time I've reviewed this club. The first experience was great, but the next time I visited wasn't the same. Both times were Saturday nights. The first time I went with my man and we had an excellent time. However a few months later I went with my girlfriends and we tried to go to this club and the doormen were so difficult we ended up just leaving. Here's what happened.Me and my girls(6 of us total) and our 1 guy friend were approached earlier in the day by a promoter who said we could get in free to XS if we went to Tryst first to get a hand stamp and some free drinks. Sounded great so we took him up on his offer. Tryst was awesome and we all ended up with several free drinks each. Our 1 guy only paid half price cover. Then at about 2am we head over to XS to get in free. Here's the tricky part. They set up a separate free entrance on the other side around the corner of the main club entrance. We approached with our hand stamps and he of course lets all of us in except our 1 guy friend. We tell the bouncer nicely that he's our only guy friend and to please not make him go stand in the main line by himself. The doorman was of course on a ego trip and wouldn't budge on this. So to be nice to our friend we went around to the main entrance to stand in line with him. We get up to the front and then get snubbed by that doorman too. Finally he decides to let us through.Our guy friend prepares to pay as we head into the club. Then we get yelled at that we have to pay cover too. We say that we have the hand stamps. They say we can't come thru this line then. Blah,Blah, Blah and so on. Ok, then never mind. We aren't desperate. We just wanted to finish off the evening with a little more dancing. It just wasn't worth all this hassle. So we left.I will say the club is beautiful and might be worth seeing once if your willing to deal with the hassle of it all, but go early. The later it gets the more irritated the doormen are.
5	Totally lived up to the hype ! This place has wicked good fun an did I mention is gorgeous ! We went on a Sunday night.. Manufactured SuperStars we on that night the pool side was open, everyone was just  havin a great time lounging or dipping their feet in the jacuzzi or pool .. We bought our tickets online for $20 each wasn't too bad ... At the door they were charging more. We got in pretty quickly only waited for about 10 mins an it was already 12am ... By the end of the night everyone was jumping into the pool with complete club attire on !!!! Everyone was wasted!!! People were throwing champagne in the air!  It felt like a night out of "The Hang Over" Best club I've ever been to in Vegas ^-^
5	I have to say, of all the times I've been to Vegas ... of all the clubs I've been to, and no matter how jazzed up Marquee or City Center properties are, Encore and XS is where it's at.True that when you're with dudes, its hard to get much of anything ... but when you go with 7 amazing ladies it's free flowing all night long! I love the size of XS, it's absolutely huge, and the pool area is fantastic. It's great to just romp around (yes in your best sexy dresses haha so try not to fall in!) the shallow end because it's such a different experience.The center bar is nice, it alleviates the crowds from the bars inside. They usually play house, or somebody is usually there performing something (dub step I think when we went?) that sounds awesome. I like the layout and although we did have some mischief and ended up losing some people ... in the end we found 'em!The people are nice, the bouncers are not mean as f and the admissions is actually reasonable unlike Haze who think you should pay $50 to get in. Who do you think you are? XS?! HA!...:) recommended.
5	XS is the business. First time to the club and did it right. Table service and sick hip hop/house music all night! Drinks kept coming and coming. Great experience. The ambiance was excellent! Heard XS n Marquee are the two hardest club to get a table, but we got hooked up! Pretty cool. Recommend this spot. Until next time XS.
4	Me and my girlfriend came here on 8/24 from the Morgan Page event.After having a great day over-indulging at the Encore's European Pool, we needed a nap which resulted in us not getting to the club until 3am.  We were somewhat afraid we would miss the show entirely, but luckily the party here truly goes all-night.Being 3am, there was no line into the club at that point, but the party was still in full swing and the normal $20/30 cover charge still applied.  We entered the club in a matter of minutes.The club itself is amazing.  Great sound system and very impressive lights.  There is a pit area in front of the stage for people to rock out, and a healthy number of bottle-service tables overlooking the pit.  There is also an outdoor area open around the European pool for people wanting fresh air.  Also, there was an absurdly high amount of attractive girls there.  I don't know what more anybody could want in a club.The only problem (and it's a big one) is the behavior of guests in the pit.  About 80% of the party-goers politely faced the stage and moved to the beat while respecting the personal space of others.  The other 20% however, would incessantly push their way throughout the crowd.  While 20% is a minority, it is still enough to put EVERYBODY In a bad mood.  It resulted in nobody wanting to give an inch to anybody else, even if a person was politely trying to exit the pit.  The amount of pushing/blocking resulted in the pit resembling a drunken football game.Normally every club with this setup has this issue to a small extent.  However the situation at XS is the worst I've ever seen.  Most clubs have bouncers strategically perched over the pit-area to enforce a basic level of decency; I saw no evidence of that here.We retreated to the outdoor area and watched Morgan Page perform from a poor vantage point.  It was enjoyable, but could have been better if security could control the crowd.
4	All I have to say is WOW. I think XS is probably one of the best clubs in Vegas. I've always gone to Marquee in the past, just cuz of all the hype. But I'd have to echo some other yelpers, XS is definitely better than Marquee, in my opinion. First of all, I really like the layout. It's one level, no stairs like Marquee. I also love their patio. I love how the pool is a circle and tables are wrapped around it. There's also a huge screen so you can see the DJ spinning from outside. The dance floor was jammed packed so it was nice to be outdoors and not sweating bullets inside. We met some really cool Greek Canadians and hung out with them at their table. However, this club is predominantly Asian. I didn't know that going in. Although I'm Asian, I prefer a more diverse crowd. I guess we lucked out when we found these Greek Canadians. The only complaint I have is the bouncers in line. This short Filipino was having a power trip. My girlfriend allegedly knocked down one of the ropes in line. He stomped over and literally yelled at her for knocking it down and didn't pick it up. She was so scared and apologized and said it was an accident, she didn't even see it. He made her walk ALL the way back in the line and walked back into our spot in line for entry. Are you kidding me?! We didn't make a scene cuz we didn't want to get kicked out before even heading inside. I'm just glad it didn't ruin our fabulous night.
5	XS NIGHTSWIM!!Lives up the hype, its the shit. perfect during summer. Its just like the day club but at night, everyone is swimming, having fun, enjoying the electro dance music. Its less crowded for sure and they kind of close off the dance floor. I guess its safety reason. Imagine a person trailing in water while people are trying to get their groove thang on in some heels.. I can see an accident ready to happen!
5	I've been here a lot, like every damn Vegas trip now, but this is the first time I went on a Sunday night, and gotta stay, BEST CLUBBING EXPERIENCE EVER lol, came to Vegas for a Bachelor party, and made sure we got table service for XS sunday night SWIM!, yup, not going to lie, clubbing, drinking all in the pool is so much more better than being crowded inside the club shoulder to shoulder haha. It's always fun meeting random people, hitting beach balls in the water, tossing girls in, pushing girls in their swan mobile haha. Good times, now if only they had a bar in the pool lol
5	5 Words: Best damn club in Vegas (neck & neck w/ Surrender.)In the land of Vegas clubs, glitz and glam, XS is like a warm security blanket, that best friend who always has your back--loyal and consistently there, but never ceases to surprise and amaze you from time to time. The girls and I were in Vegas this past weekend. We went to XS on Friday night and had a blast as expected. Saturday, we decided to venture away from Wynn/Encore to (re)try Marquee and it was regrettably the worse decision of the weekend.Without detracting from this positive review of XS, I'll omit the grizzly details of Marquee that make me cringe & shake with disgust and irritation. All that needs to be known is that we came back to XS for the Sunday night swim and it was like an episode from a 90's teen sitcom where protagonist ditches bff to hang with the cool kids, only to realize that the cool kids were just a bunch of dbags.This was our first time going out on a Sunday in Vegas and we didn't know what to expect. After Saturday at the Marquee however, we figured it couldn't get much worse. Bit the bullet and showed up around 11, easy peasy entry bc a promoter had approached us earlier. Best decision ever. XS Night Swim was just as incredible as any of the other nights, if not more. We come from the land of Seattle where everything closes by 1:30am on weekends, and Sundays are desolate, cold and empty. Though we were not expecting crickets, we didn't think we would be blown away either. Sunday was amazing--the beauty, spaciousness, great staff and incredible atmosphere was still there, but add water and probably slightly less people, and everything about it was perfect. XS redeemed a trip that could have ended on a really sour and ugly note for us. True, the interior of the club smelled of puke at first, but I'm sure that it was the remnants of an equally awesome Saturday night :P We always spend 100% of our time in the outdoor portion anyway.In the end, I got back to the hotel at 6am, slept for 45 minutes, missed my shuttle to the airport, hopped a taxi, stumbled through airport security and the naked box, and proceeded to pass out on the plane until it landed in Seattle. Clearly an indication of an epic night!
5	1st time here...i'm a fan.  The layout seems better then Marquee. Maybe it wasn't as crowded Friday night with Morgan Page.  But the vibe was good...wasn't too hard to get drinks.  I think I definitely need to come back for a nightswim!  All I could think about how awesome it would be to do a pool party there!
4	Classy. Gorgeous. LOVE IT.The line is crazy, and if you don't have a good hot female to male ratio, plan on bottle service or some other way to get in.  I know that some people wait in this line for hours to get in, and there was a point in my life that I would have done it and thought it was worth it, but, alas, I am no longer 21.We showed up at around 11 pm and talked to some people who had been in line for 2 hours and were not near the front and decided to go have a drink somewhere else. We walked past the line again at 1 am, and were told that with a 2:2 ratio, they would let us in right away.  So I guess the lesson is, get there early or get there late.$20 cover charge for ladies was completely reasonable (I think it was $40 for guys?).  We walked in and immediately I loved it. The club is centered around the pool, with white tents and cabanas that just scream classy.  There's a chill vibe outside, and 2 different bars on opposite ends of the pool.  You can hear the music coming from inside, but it's not pounding in you ear if you want to be able to hear your friends talk.If you want to dance and go crazy and don't care if you can hear your friends talk, you can go inside, where there is a DJ and loud dance music and people dancing..I love how XS has the best of both worlds.  WAY more classy than Marquee.
5	I don't always club, but when I do, I prefer a cabana at XS.
4	Went here with a group of us from England on a 'Stag Do' (Bachelor Party for all you American Yelpers).I don't think that there is much more that I can add about the club itself - it is quite literally the best club I have ever been to. The decor is classy, its huge, and I love how the smoking area is around the pool.If you are a large group of guys, then you will not get in without bottle service, so don't even try. And expect to spend a lot of money - we had a group of eight and had a three bottle minimum. Grey Goose or the equivalent runs around $450 a bottle, then you have to include something like 8% tax, and 20% for tip, so it worked out around $600 per bottle. But hey, this is Vegas, and you're supposed to do stupid sh!t like that.I emailed the club to sort out a table directly, but you could use a third party promoter who may be able to get you a deal on bottles on the quieter nights. I wouldn't count on getting any deal on a Friday or Saturday though. Once they have your details, when you turn up you will see a sign for table service - so you walk past everyone in the regular line and get taken straight to your table - when you see how long this line is then you will probably think that $600 a bottle is worth it...Once inside, where your table is depends on how much $$$ you are prepared to pay, but I recommend getting a table outside. It can get pretty hot in the club, and very loud, so not exactly the best way to meet the ladies. Outside is not as hectic, and gives you a chance to socialize with people.Now for the reason that this place doesn't get five stars.*Although most of the staff were really friendly, they do have some that think their sh!t don't stink. Basically telling people that unless you give a big tip, don't expect to get served. And to the girl behind the bar who charged me something like $210 for 10 Jagerbombs - if I hand you $300 and say keep the change, it would be nice to get a thank you rather then just throwing it into a tip bucket and carrying on (I'm English so don't know how tipping works in the US, but thats a pretty good tip right?)*The girls. Yes they are hot. Really hot. So you have to know that unless you look like Justin Timberlake, then they aren't interested in you - it's the three bottles of Goose you have sat on your table. Either tell them to p!ss off, or pour them a drink and take your chance. I mean, I guess sometimes people win big in Vegas right?*Some guys look like they are straight off of Jersey Shore. Surely someone should tell them that wearing an eight year old girls tight white t shirt is not a good look, with or without big muscles.All in all, I would come back to this club in a heartbeat. I had one of the greatest nights ever. The only problem I had - having to get up in the morning with a killer hangover, only to do it all over again in a Bungalow at Encore Beach Club!
3	Beautiful venue. Big club. But  sad to say there's no place to sit except if you have bottle service.
5	OMG I love this place. Dare I say best club in Vegas? Sick dance floor, sick VIP area (those couches were so clutch), and even sicker disk jockeys. Oh yeah and hotties everywhere!
5	First, I want to start off by saying thanks to all my Yelp Las Vegas friends who recommended I go to XS.I went to XS on Sunday night. I arrived very early to avoid the long lines (Labor Day weekend 12'). Coming early to XS paid off big time. The line got really long very fast. XS is huge inside. The club is very modern and spacious. The club was packed to the max. The scenery was priceless. There's a pool with plenty of space to dance or you can just relax. David Guetta was the guest DJ. David Guetta had XS rocking out of control! The crowd was already hyped up as Michael Phelps came on stage. Words can't describe the atmosphere at XS Sunday night during the David Guetta set. I picked a good night to go to XS.There are plenty of bars and cabanas throughout the club. Most of the cabanas filled up fast. It's best to reserve a cabana early. There was plenty of eye candy (ladies) walking around the club.The staff was professional and friendly. If you are visiting Las Vegas, I highly recommend partying at Club XS. Note: The taxi line to leave after the club is very long. It's best to walk over to Wynn Hotel to catch a taxi a lot faster.
5	The best night club I've been to so far! The place is so beautiful, loved both the interior and exterior. Came here for my Cousin's bachelorette party with a group of 11 ladies. Since we were staying at the Wynn, we decide that it would be very convenient to come here our last night in Las Vegas. Best decision ever!!! We had a great time and by far XS was the top club in our list!!! Loved dancing both indoor and outdoor. The music and atmosphere were great.
5	This place is pretty damn nice![+] sooo spacious![+] lights, lasers, mist machines, confetti, and LOTS OF BASS![+] AMAAAZING-looking pool[+] there's a bar that is surrounded by the pool[+] there's space for you to dance IN the pool too![+] everything is just nicely laid out[+] the GA line has rooms w/ tvs and music playing to make it sliiiiiiightly more bareable or an even bigger tease...[+] the pool area is behind the DJ and there's a screen that shows the DJ too[+] there's certain nights where beach attire is okay AND PEOPLE CHILL IN 'EM![+/-] a drink is $16; standard clubbing drink price[-] it's quite far from the stripPERSONAL EXPERIENCES[+] tiesto and david guetta for labor day weekend![+] SWEEEEET free shirts the night of david guetta![+] caught souvenir glasses and light sticks when they threw 'em out[+] for tiesto: my friend, Ruby, and I skipped an entire room of lines b/c the bouncer let us through (:[+] for guetta: Jean's promotor got the girls on the guest list for free, yessss![+] and one other event that made the night TOTALLY worth itAhhhhh, I love XS! :D
4	I really like this place! the layout is great because there's a big dance floor, multiple bars, and areas to lean or sit even if you don't have a table. It's also great when they open up the room to the outside and you can get some air. Overall a pretty fun experience (for las vegas).
3	I call this place "XS women" --- while it's a beautiful club, the ratios here are WAY OFF. I would say 2-3 women to every man. At one point I **couldn't even see** one man in any direction!!!  I'm taken and not looking, but still, it was a little ridiculous. It's also packed to the brim to the point where you can't even move...NOT my idea of a good time. Ladies: I recommend Surrender or Marquee. Guys: go here, you hit the jackpot! And if you're a girl w/ only girls, get on the list with a promoter & you can get in free.
3	This one is easy. 2.5 but rounding up because it is beautiful. The experience, not so muchThe place is effing gorgeous. Everything is grand and opulent, it is everything you should expect from Steve Wynn's newest hottest nightclub. Huge pool to walk around, surrounded by tables and cabanas and a pretty good vantage point of the dj booth from anywhere. Has almost the feel of an amusement park, very groomed.We didn't even walk through the inside section, but by the time it filled up, we wouldn't have been able to, and I was glad, it was way too packed. I like that people can spread out and the is still space to move, and that it has such large outdoor space, it feels good to breath non-sweaty air. Even though we got right in with pre-sale tix ($20/female), there is something about being here that is annoying. Almost feels like you are on a serving platter. Observers (typically male) will poke and prod at you with their violating eyes, approach you tactlessly, ignore the other people in your party, and just generally slather their douchebaggery all over you. The bartenders are snotty and take forever (granted they have to deal with a lot) and the drinks are weak and ridiculously priced (really). I concluded after this night, I am officially over it. Clubs have lost all appeal for me.Atmosphere: 5/5Clientele: 2/5Bartenders: 2/5Drinks: 2/5
4	This is one of the go-to clubs in Vegas for sure. The pool area outside was very nice and helped make up for how crowded inside was. I was there on LDW and it was a madhouse. The bouncers tried their best to keep people moving but there were just too many people packed in and no one had anywhere to go. We were lucky and didn't have to wait in line but we saw all the people still waiting in line past 2am just to get in here. I would go here again but only if I wasn't waiting in the huge GA line.
5	super legit.  saw tiesto here and afrojack came out the same night!
5	Best club I have ever been.  It is both indoor and outdoor and very, very large.  The wait at the bar was crazy long and the drinks are expensive but this place is so cool, it is sort of worth it.  Spent the evening dancing on the shallow lip of the pool to Tiesto all night long as partiers jumped fully clothed into the pool.  This place doesn't die down, it keeps going.   The bathroom was beautiful.  You want a crazy, classy Vegas party, you will find it here.
4	XS...really managed to live up to its name. Labor Day Weekend, Steve Angello of SHM. Seriously a great party. We arrived around 1:30am as I'd just touched down from the airport. We advanced our tickets so no line wait.Outside the music was pumping and it was pretty warm. Getting inside is tricky business though it seems. We managed to finagle our way in and the raging ensued. The VIP tables surrounding the dancefloor were inhabited by the likes of Russell Westbrook and other celebs. The bars are pretty crowded, mostly with guys trying to buy girls shots. Flash a big bill if you want some attention here. The bathrooms were clean and well attended. Great music system inside and out. Loved the random showers of money and streamers. Though the confetti and streamers start to make a huge and dangerous pile on the floor. I saw at least 3 girls crash and burn walking through the pile. Clean up on aisle 5?! Great place to party though. Bring your raging shoes!
5	Am I a "club" type of person?  No, give me a dive bar any day.Do I hate wearing high heels and skimpy dresses?  Yes.I was definitely out of place at XS in my leggings and tank top.  Seemed like EVERY DAMN GIRL was in the tiniest, tightest dress and tallest heels she could find.  Apparently, that's what you're supposed to do.  However, did I have fun here?  YEP!  My friend wanted to come both nights of the weekend and since I had never been before, I figured why not?  It's definitely as huge as everyone says it is and as nice as everyone says it is and ridiculous as everyone says it is.  Whatever you've heard about this place is true.Friday, we were able to get in no problem, no line (probably due to a mistake by a promoter).  It wasn't too crowded, but we did get there around 10.  The music was pretty good (and I don't like house, so that's saying something).  We ended up doing the "find a table with a bunch of dudes" thing and hung out with them all night, which was pretty fun. I even got into a dance battle with some Asian guys outside (who definitely knew what they were doing, I did not).  What the hell?Saturday, we went for Calvin Harris, who was doing his thing after his VMA wins.  Holy shit.  It was way too crowded.  Couldn't even move inside, so we ended up outside.  By this point of the trip, I was tired and wanted to go home to my fiance and my dog.  My feet (even in flats) hurt from the night before.  Then, as we were outside, I saw a glorious sight: there was a hot tub and there were girls sitting around it, soaking their feet.  It was like Jesus, himself, had come down from heaven.  I definitely joined those smart ladies and spent about an hour with my feet in the hot tub.  Eventually, I made my way back out to where my friend was talking with some guy from Queens (he was nice) and danced to Calvin Harris for a bit...in the pool with shoes off.  And then, we saw a guy jump in the pool and start dancing around in it.  Ended up leaving around 3am then had to wait in a 45 minute long cab line.  And then PEOPLE STARTING CUTTING THE LINE (I hope karma gets all of you, you know who you are).  That part definitely sucked.  Next time: I will walk somewhere else.  This time, though, my feet hurt. Anyway, this club is definitely a good time.  Even two days in a row.  Just make sure to bring comfortable shoes, patience and a high tolerance for alcohol.  Also, make sure you don't go day drinking and end up hungover before trying to go in here.  That would be a mistake.
5	Easily one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas! The architecture alone is worth going to see. They spared no expense right down to the last piece of artwork and lightfixture. Great indoor/outdoor club so it doesn't get too hot or cold with all of the people.  They always have a great DJ lineup and you will never leave XS thinking, "what a waste". The bathroom line is never long - huge perk! Usually there is a cover, so try to get on a guest list, especially if you have a group of girls - you shouldn't ever have to pay to get in.
5	Favorite club in Vegas! My girls and I always come here at least once on our trips to Vegas... maybe even twice in one trip! Why? You might ask...1. It's sooooo nice! Duh! 2. Good DJs. Usually the DJs that the girls want to see DJ here so of course, we have to come. 3. They have a huge pool with a shallow end where you can just dip your feet in! For us ladies with the high heels, it feels amazing to throw off our shoes and soak our feet while we continue to dance! 4. Pool party on Sunday! (It's not always open though). But make sure that if you want to go into the pool, you wear a bathing suit because if you don't, the bouncers will kick you out! 5. It's huge! There's an inside and an outside. Lots of tables for bottle service if you want. On the outside, they have a second floor overlooking the pool for bottle service too. So in conclusion, I love this place!
2	Unfortunately, my experience at XS was a nightmare. The waitress we ordered our drinks from charged our cards multiple times each, and not to mention was extremely rude.  We did not find out about these transactions until later that night when we checked our bank accounts.  The club was overcrowded and I'm assuming our cards got mixed up at the bar.  We are in the process of making claims with our banks. The DJ we saw prior to Deadmau5 was horrible. He did not engage the crowd and his music selection was uninspired.Overall, we felt completely ripped off and did not think the club was anything extra special. I wish our night had been better, but the Encore staff was unfriendly and rude  and the club was extremely overpacked. I've been to my fair share of EDM events and I felt this club was less than stellar. If anyone does visit the XS, my advice would be to bring cash for drinks since they obviously are not very organized and unconcerned about their guests.
5	Who knew that a club named XS would ACTUALLY be one of the biggest clubs in Vegas? Heh, clever huh :) FYI, this review is for the nightclub ONLY:1. Line isn't that bad.  When compared to the ridiculousness of Marquee, XS is a BREEZE. BUT that's not to say that you shouldn't get there at a reasonable time. Not too many bouncers acting like they're the top of the line and no massive amounts of back lines, front lines, and lines that get all mixed up that you have no idea which line you're in.2. Ratio is awesome. Again, there's an even ratio of guys to girls ... but this is a top notch Vegas club - can't expect anything less.3. NO. STAIRS. Awesome, no?4. It. is. freaking. huge. Thus, this RARELY gets crowded to point where you're smelling other people's B.O or getting splashed with someone's sweat. The outside is HUGE as is the table service inside, plus there are cabanas in higher levels by the pool (my secret place to just stand and watch over the crowd without dealing with the crowd itself)5. Awesome diverse crowd with awesome DJs.I used to be an avid Marquee go-er until the rest of the world found out about Marquee and its lavish style and famous DJ residencies.  But, XS is my new favorite, along with all my friends. Why? Because it's HUGE, plays good music, and we've never left the club unhappy. Come here on a Friday or Saturday and you're bound to have a GREAT time. Will you remember? Eh, up to you :)
5	One of the best clubs I have experienced in Vegas. Considering just how many people were there, it never felt overcrowded. Loved that you could dance your socks off inside under a beautiful, massive chandelier or kick it outside by a pool that makes you want to strip down to your scibbies and jump in (which some just about did the night I was there) Overall, great atmosphere, great bartenders, and an amazing time!!
5	This is the best club I have ever gone to. I went there for their pool party and it was quite possibly one of the greatest  nights of my life. We have hookups there so we got escorted to the club: celebrity status. It felt amazing to bypass the lines and not have to pay for anything. Everybody was in the pool splashing around and dancing. We partied till 4am. Such an amazing night!
5	Hands down one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.During the Summer they have Night Swim on Sundays which is a lot of fun and the pool is open so come in your swim suits!They always have amazing Djs like Deadmau5, Steve Aoki, Afro Jack, Axwell, Hardwell, Dada Life, Rusko, Avicii and many more.
4	Went here for Deadmau5 concert on a Saturday.Loved the idea of the cabanas/booths being right by the pool & being able to dance in the water or just being able to sit & dip my feet in.We got there at midnightish but still got in free. There's alot of places to sit even if you have no booth. We didn't get to check out the actual club because when we were heading over to that area we got stuck in a mosh pit crowd. Sooooo crowded & everyone was pushing. I was not having it. We went back to the area where we were chillin' at & stayed there for the remainder of the time. Trying to dance to EDM, TRYING! oi.Any advice? Leave a little earlier to make sure you don't get stuck in a massive taxi line, IT WAS RIDIC!
5	My absolute favorite in Vegas and the best nightclub ever... there is nothing else like XS anywhere else! Every time I'm in Vegas, I always make a stop here on one of the nights. Girls, it's no issue for you to get in if you're cute and come relatively on time. Guys, please dress nice/ presentable and also bring cash. There is always a cover charge for guys... but what else is new? Make sure to come early, cuz if you're coming around 11:30-12am, you'll definitely know where the club is- just follow the ridiculously long line.Once walking in, you immediately see how big the club is. There are rows of tables for bottle service. As you get further into the club, you see that there are stripper poles every where for girls to dance up on/ guys to gawk and that the club opens into the outside. Once outside, there's another bar and the club surrounds the pool. This is a very large club but it's always packed. There is always good music and a good time! Basically, XS is a very sexy, young club- I recently saw AVICII play there. There are always good djs, pricey drinks, and awesome set up around the pool. Just beware, if you need water, they charge you for it. If you come during the summer, you can also use the pool during club hours- just check to see which nights. Basically, XS is the dream night club- everything you'd want to have in a club and more! Always a good night here and is a Vegas must.
4	My friend always used to exclaim, "XS is poppin on Saturdays!"There is a large dance floor, large outdoor area surrounding the pool, and casino tables for those with gambling embedded into their blood.  There are plenty of bars throughout the entire club so it's usually not hard to find an empty one to fill-er-up.XS is probably my favorite vegas club, but I've either grown too old for the party scene or it's changed a lot since the partying prime days of 21.  With the influx of EDM and featured DJs over the weekend, the club gets insanely packed.  People will come to the club earlier because they've bought pre-sale tickets, but all these people on top of the "walk-in" guests is just way too much.  It's packed like girls in a Justin Bieber mosh pit.  There's barely any room to move around the pool area, and the security guards won't let you into the dance floor after it's reached "capacity".  I sure hope that the EDM craze dies down soon, so maybe Vegas can get back to its normal overcapacity instead of extreme capacity.  This is worse than TAO in 2008 when that club was the new bomb.com place to go.
5	I think after going to Tao as my first Vegas nightclub, this was easily five stars just because there was actually a lot of space and places to sit without having to get bottle service. Music selection was pretty good.  Started off with some mixed pop-ish hits around 11:30 and then got into house-type music after 12:30 or so.  The DJ, which they also show on a jumbo-tron outside, seemed very into his craft.  The dance floor got EXTREMELY packed at times.The drinks seemed expensive here.
5	Probably the best club I have ever been to! Not only is the atmosphere perfect for partying, they also have a pool where you can actually swim in and flaunt that bod for all the fellas. lol. XS is so awesome I bet anyone that comes here falls in love and it becomes their new fave Vegas hot spot! Right when you walk it, your jaw literally drops in shock by how amazing this club looks. It is so spacious and with all those pretty lights, the place literally glows. In regards to the pool, I didn't see that many people taking a dip in, only a few. There are gambling tables which is super fun to play at and several bars to buy drinks from. The bartender that kept making my drinks was on point! She made everything tastes so good! What I noticed about this place is that there isn't really a centralized dance floor. I mean there is some space in front of the dj table but like not a lot. People just get crazy everywhere and make their own dance floor! As for the music, they play really good music. It is EDM at the beginning, and towards the end of the night they play hip hop. When I went Lil Jon was there so it was pretty cool getting to see him.
4	I really like this club because of the whole decor and layout. It's always busy and there's enough room for dancing except that it does get a little too crowded. DJ plays really good music. I was here last December so they closed down the pool area which sucked but I would like to go back when they open up the pool area.  This is a must go to club in Vegas.
2	I have been here a handful of times. Its huge, has a pool, poles, and awesome decor. Great beats and decent drinks. Basics for any club to be worth going to more than once. The reason that I truly cannot stand this club is just how pretentious the staff is. Its exhausting to deal with the attitude, odd sense of entitlement to say rude things to clients, and flat out lies some waiters give customers. This last time we got bottle service and it was truly a waste. The waiter was terrible, spilled a beverage all over my friends crotch who was sitting while it happened and instead of offering a real apology, comes back with a napkin towel. The bouncers wouldn't allow us back into our table area (oddly being that it was already rammed with NON table paying club goers) and demanded what our table number was. Being yelled at and ignored when you try to tell him its the second table from him with the obvious girls waiving at me was just the icing on the cake. My husband has to fetch me and the bouncer had the balls to say that I didn't need so much attitude. This happened 2x that night to myself, and everyone the girls who tried to god forbid use the restroom. Funny thing, the table number was never given to us until I had to ask it from the waiter. XS needs to get their act together, be more organized, and know you can have an awesome club if customer service standards were a priority. I know there are some real jerks that party at clubs in Vegas and they must get their fair share. But they absolutely cannot treat people like this. Worst bottle service experiences ever and won't be making that mistake again.
5	How can you not love XS?I can't count the number of times I've been here, but a good night here is unforgettable.  XS really knows how to celebrate.  I came on a night that Calvin Harris was playing.  Forget fog machines or confetti coming down.  They literally made it rain money.  I had so much fun dancing.  Smiles all night long =)
3	XS is one of the top night clubs in the city. I've been there a few times to see some big name DJs I like. Entry is expensive and drinks are insanely expensive, but that's expected at a world class night club.It took a long time to get inside to see Calvin Harris, but the queue was very organized.Inside was insanely packed. They must have been over capacity. It was impossible to walk around inside and they weren't letting anyone else on the dance floor (too many ppl). That doesn't sound like any fun, anyways.So, we decided to check out the outside. We were facing the back of the DJ booth and the music wasn't that loud. It was frustrating because there were so many people inside, that once you left to go to the outside area, they would not let you back inside.So we just hung out at the bar outside. Not the ideal club experience, as I was not able to experience Calvin Harris the way I wanted (considering the $$ I paid to get in and how long I waited).I also saw 2 people get shoved into the outside pool, fully dressed. You should NEVER have to worry about someone pushing you into a pool at a night club.
5	Great nightclub and fantastic bottle service. One of my favorites.
4	4/5 stars just because I think clubs in general are sort of cheesy BUT this club is beautiful. We had lots of parties hosted at clubs when I worked at Zappos. When we walked in XS they had waitresses with trays of champagne to pass out to us. The staff here were not a-holes like a lot of these places. Rain was the worst.The layout of the club is just open and I guess, grand. That's a corny word but that's what comes to mind.The outdoor patio is really snaz too.Like I said, I'm not a spandex dress type of girl but my opinion : I've been to Marquee, 1 Oak, Rain, Vanity and a few others I can't remember - this to me, was the best.You kind of have to do the club thing when in Vegas just for the experience and this is a good one to do!
5	sure why not update this review every two years. that works for me. and umm yes... this place is still awesome!!!!!went here twice this year and both times were super amazing. so i went on a sunday in july....and what?????? everyone in the pool!!!! what the hell... how come i didnt know about this before i arrived in my dress and heels...should i have known i would have been right there with them in the party. this was the first time that i was able to check out the vip tables... and guess what... more bathrooms! nice to know. so the vip tables upstairs and outside are amazing!!!! so nice and great view of the party. i didn't realize how bright it is outside. makes it not feel like a dingy club.came back her on sunday....bikini in tow after reading their flyer for sunday nightswim for 10/7.. the flyer said swimwear strongly encourage! FAIL!!! the pool was closed because it was too cold. it was 65 degrees out....lm from san francisco. thats what we call a "good day" me and my two friends were determined to get into that pool.4th time being told in vegas "ma'am you cant do that here" dammit...i mean yay!!! im too vegas for vegas!!!  i think it may have been the alochol talking but me and my friend were decided when we wanted to leave that we will just jump in the pool anyways. thank God we sobered up by 3 am and walked out gracefully. this place is still the best club in vegas and i just had the best night ever here. cant wait to go back!
5	In everyone's life, there comes a time & a place when you frequent a specific club too many times & start hating it . This starts with nit-picking @ every aspect of it, criticizing the people inside, and then maybe even the dbag bouncers; the exception to the rule is XS---THE nightclub of LV.  As a very eager & avid patron of Las Vegas, the city of brotherly sin, one is almost forced to bed with it's alluring, tantalizing, and philandering twin sister, i.e. "the LV Nightclub."  I've had my more-than-enough-for-a-person's-lifetime share of clubs, but I have yet to get tired of XS nor do I foresee myself EVER getting tired of XS (up to this point).  Well, unless I get so girthy that my presence in XS becomes a detriment to those around me, the limited dance space and breathing air.  Me & XS have a long, dated history together.  I started visiting XS pretty much within the first few months of its grand opening.  7 years ago, just getting into a 21+ club was enough to get giddy and the perfect excuse to get blasted, forget about all the student debt you owed, and of course lose all the crammed knowledge you paid thousands of dollars to acquire . In fact the club didn't really matter that much since you would barely recognize your friends, let alone the venue in which you're throwing up in.  Life was so simple & my standards were so low.  At it's core, XS is still very, very similar to how it once was @ its inception, with the exception of the enormous DJ booth/stage that now occupies the dance floor (and removed about 30% of the total dance space) and the addition of a few more tables located around the dance (also reducing the dance space even more! :( However, despite the reduction of overall free-space and breathing room, XS security does ensure your safety by closing the dance floor off during peak hours/popular nights.  So once you get in, I don't recommend you leaving unless you plan on dancing up on the pole areas (not recommend for guys....but shamefully executed this for no real reason :( ) or you plan on dancing in random spaces (completely acceptable considering the asphyxiating dance floor).   Also, don't go into the pool or you'll get kicked out (unless you look really good in a wet t-shirt/dress)Furthermore, if you venture outside onto it's pool area, they may even limit you from going back inside the club itself!!  **IF THE NIGHT IS PACKED, THIS WILL HAPPEN* Your solution? Leave the club and re-enter with your hand stamp w/o waiting :)  Other than these slight re-entry issues and closed dance floors, I'm usually too intoxicated to care about anything else except having fun with my friends.  So if you've reached this far down this review, I will  reward you the accumulation of "wisdom" that I've acquired in my 20+ times visiting XS.1) W/ the advent of the "internet," you can buy pre-sale tickets to popular nights for a HUGE DISCOUNT compared to what you may pay if you procrastinate and wait til the last minute.  If you actually read this far, you are probably an intelligent person who wishes to make your life easier.  These pre-sale tickets (if bought 3-4 weeks in advance) can be 50% cheaper and will all you to enter the club within 1% of the wait time you would encounter in the general admission line. ONE PERCENT!!! You can also save your buzz/drink less inside!2)  If you have failed to prepare pre-sale tickets, there is a plan B to salvage your night.  Go with your group and start waiting in line @ 9/915pm.  You can enter the empty club, admire how nice and cool it looks sober & desolate, then leave & go back to your room to pre-party...then come back to XS at ANY TIME you want w/o waiting!!! This will shave about 1-2 hours of line-waiting (they also raise prices later in the night).  3) So let's say you have managed to fail both steps 1 & 2, can you believe you still have one other (less desirable) option!?  Once you are in line, waiting like a sheepish fool, I recommend that a confident, savvy soul approach one of the line-guardsmen and ask the guy if there's any way he can get you guys in.  He will tacitly nod his head and say something along the lines of "what do you got?"  At this point, you will offer this genteel, suited man a "bribe" to get you and your drunk, yet standing straight & conscious friends in.  To not insult him, I would start @ an offer of $35 a head or $40 a head.   At most, offer him $50/guy. **this all depends on how much cover is too**  If cover is $30, offer him 20/25.  If cover is $40, offer him $30/35.  This will work, just don't be a jerk, overly aggressive, or rude.  This "bribe" will allow you to skip line AND pays for cover. How can you NOT do this?   I guarantee you this will save at least 1-2 hrs in line if you start it early enough. THIS IS WORTH THE EXTRA TIME INSIDE!Other than this, have fun, drink alot, dance til you can't feel your feet, and try not to get kicked out. But if you do get kicked out, make it count i.e. come out in a wheelchair
5	THE best club you will ever see!  I had the privilege of going with one of my friends and we had the ultimate vegas experience. VIP everything from a host walking us in, to having a cabana by the pool as well as other friends with tables inside. This might not seem like a big deal but seating at a club is SO hard to come by and so sacred, especially when you're wearing 5 inch heels. The club was beautiful, because of the people we were with, Everything treated us like royalty. I heard that some people had to wait for hours to get in and the entrance fee for guys is $50 up. Regardless of the wait and cost, everyone should go at least once. It'll definitely open your eyes to a whole new world. Not only is it the most beautiful club i've been to, It's also suited for everyone. You have the indoor dance floor and the outdoor bar and pool area. There's a little bit for everyone. Because they're bouncers are strict, the quality of people at the club is also a lot higher than most others.
5	So much fun at Club XS while Lil Jon was dj!Hubs and I had so much fun at club XS. This place is insane - just get ready to dance your ass off. This was off the hook and by far the best thing we have done in our three trips to Vegas together. I thought I would feel old or out of place but neither was the case (he is 28 and I just turned 30). We had so much fun and yes it was packed and yes the bouncers were dicks but we had a blast regardless - can't wait to try our next Vegas club.PS. Avoid the dubstep/techno bullshit and wait for a real dj to bounce to...it's worth it. :)
5	Went this past weekend when calvin harris was spinning and had a blast!! Decor is nice and the outdoor area is huge! We saw the huge crazy line but luckily the bouncer came up to us and let me and my girlfriends bypass the entire line! On top of that the host let all of us in for free. No wait no cover, bouncers were super nice but I guess it's cuz we were all girls and what can I say my friends are hot!Will definitely come back when I come back to Vegas next year!
4	it was my first time in Vegas. it is one of my favorite clubs that I would visit again. Thanks XS and Tiesto for making my first time experience in Vegas to be wonderful and unforgettable! I gave it only four stars due to over crowded dance floor. Overall, it was fun and drunky night lol. PS. good customer service. . .surprisingly bouncers and servers are friendly.
3	$fifty cover for guys and $twenty cover for girls on a saturday...$thirty cover for guys on friday, sunday or monday...no discount for buying tickets online, but must enter by ten:thirty with online ticket...roughly $seventeen total per cocktail after tax and tip...bars can get crowded...reserve or pay for a table!...arrive at ten pm and no line....line starts forming eleven pm and after...poolside cabanas and speakers playing music from inside the club area...outdoor bar and small gambling island of tables middle...dance outside or inside the club....tables and booths inside the club...surrounding dance floor center and forward...dj front and center the main attractions...quickly packed to sardines by midnight...barely room to just wiggle or raise an arm up...club full and security blocking entrance from the outdoor pool area after midnight...slowly easing entrance again near two pm...music bumping, but no room to dance inside the club...crowds mostly there to observe the dj of the night...mostly young crowds....jersey shore crowds...old, but still trying to party crowds....few grey haired men trying to talk to the young girls....the bachelor guys...the bachelorette girls...birthday celebrations and "woo girls"....get me out of here!...
5	again a DJ war an Amazing Place best of the best hotel !!! the encore beach is also un***** real !!! love it !! best memorial day there
5	HOW CAN I FORGET TO REVIEW XS LAS VEGAS OH MY GOD.I went to Vegas back in August of this year and it was absolutely the best time of my life! My friends and I went to XS on a Monday night for "Dim Mak" Mondays to see of course, the one and only Steve Aoki! It was hands down, the best time in a nightclub I had in awhile. I'm from NYC and saying this means A LOT. You know NYC has a lot of great clubs and such but nothing, NOTHING compared to XS. We had free champagne thanks to Aoki's performance and of course some free cake! (Aoki fans know what I'm talking about!) Admission for ladies was free of course, especially if you know a promoter. The ratio thing is a really big deal, and I don't blame promoters for asking for a lot of girls because a room full of dudes could get kinda weird. My guy friends paid $20 to get in, probably better than some guys who didn't have any promoter buddies and ended up paying up $40-$60 .. just to get in. So get a promoter, boys and a lot of girlies. The more girls, the easier guys can get in for a cheap price or even free! Next time I'm in vegas, I will be coming back! The people are sexy, the DJs are crazy and drinks get you drunk. I really need to stay at the Encore or Wynn to make it much easier to get back to the hotel room after experiencing XS. Expect to spend a lot, it is VEGAS. Get ready people for the best time of your LIFE!
5	Been here twice. Hands down my favorite club in Vegas. First time I came, Steve Aoki was performing. Second time, Skrillex. This club is great at getting famous DJs to come perform. The venue is also set up so that if you're inside, you can get a view of the DJ even if you're not on the dance floor. Girls, if you're on the guestlist, you don't have to pay cover! If you're lucky, you can even get a drink ticket or two.For Skrillex, my guy friends had to pay $50 for cover though, but they said it was worth it. :)Drinks are pricey. If you didn't pregame, expect to spend some bucks. Dance floor gets SUPER crowded when the headliner is up, so brace yourself for stompers and elbowers. Still super fun though. We also got cool light sticks to wave around. :)The venue is BEAUTIFUL. Very very classy. The pool outside makes for great pictures.
5	fucken amazing sep22nd watching deadmau5.......
4	my favorite, place is soooo nice, not much room to dance on the DANCE FLOOR, but the place is huge and if you dont care where to dance, then you will be fine, i dont care i hear the music, then i boogie! so yealine is always really long, so go early or know the promoters... bring lots of girls as always so you gent can get in cheaper, free, or just get in honestly!there are always DJs so look it up before you go so you can see which dj you want to boogie with...drinks  were kind of pricy however vegas is expensive, just pre drink duh!ladies do not jump in the water too early cause they will try to kick you out, just say its your bday if they do...jump in the water later in the night so that the security cant get all you ladies out, then it will just be a bunch of dudes in the club haha
5	What needs to be said has already been said by all the other reviewers, but I must chime in. I've had good times here, I've had bad. But the good have definitely trumped over the bad and out of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas, this is still the one that's most beautiful, glamourous, fun, sexy, party rockin', crazy, etc etc.Because of my wonderful promoter/host, I've never had to pay a single dime to get in (unless it's for tables; they start at $2k) nor wait in the horrendous line. But since it's one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, guys have to expect to pay. Depending on what weekend, cover for guys can range from $40 to $150.XS has multiple entrances and is one of the largest clubs in Vegas. It's also one of the most beautiful (has beautiful people too), with a main dance floor, plenty of areas to sit, lounge or dance, an area to gamble, and a shit ton of cabanas and tables. However, I think my favorite thing about XS is that there's a pool and various shallow areas where anyone can take their shoes off, dip their feet in and dance to the music.Other than the upscale venue, they have great DJs too. I've seen Avicii, Steve Angello, and Morgan Page here, among many others. Sure, it's not as great as the usual line-up at Marquee, but the XS venue beats Marquee any day. (But if Marquee has a better DJ that night, you'll still catch me at Marquee... just saying.)
3	Went here when I turned 21 at midnight and I got to say, the club was crazy packed! The club looks really nice. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars because they played EDM all night and I'm not really a EDM fan but then which club in vegas isn't playing EDM now right? Lol
4	Hmm. Nicer clubs than the others I've been to, but it might have been the group but I had an "alright" time.  I think it was coupled by the fact that it was mexican independence day and whack ass lil jon was there playing bachata and cumbia all night.  Not a true vegas experience.  Also, it was pool night so people were in their swimming trunks and then others were in their hooker heels and short dresses- all dressed to the 9s. Soooooooooooooo must've been a bad day.  Sucks that it's hard to get in for free though...especially when you roll with a lotta dudes. The club itself is pretty.  The people...I guess it depends what day you go.I was sitting there and some idiot flicked a cigarette into a corner where a bunch of towels were and it smoked and set on fire!  No guys were willing to pick it up and put it out so I, in my own hooker heels and short dress had to push these pansies out of the way, grab the smoldering towels and stomp on the flames. WTF. Drinks are normal for vegas- expensive. Don't get mixed drinks, just get shots to get your moneys worth or pregame. One thing i LOVE about this club though- they have a lot of famous DJs rolling in, so definitely come when a GOOD DJ is in town, not when lil jon is there. lol
5	I am not a huge Vegas fan but have ended up in Vegas for the few years for one thing or another. I swear, each time I come to Vegas I don't think my trip will be complete without coming to XS. True, the place gets packed inside with almost zero room to show off your amazing dance moves...well the moves always seem amazing after drinking :) And if you can elbow your way thru be sure to try pole dancing!! But I love hanging out outside by the pool - gorgeous outdoor setting, one of my favorite spots. I always meet interesting people/guys - good looking crowd around my age who don't make me feel like an oldie hanging out with total youngsters!! Music each time I have gone has been top notch so will definitely be coming back next time. But buying drinks here? Not really - rule is to pregame unless I am in the mood or have someone else buying that $16 drink.Us girls will never learn and will continue wearing high heels and kill our feet in order to pull off that amazing outfit - seriously we thought our feet died. Thank you to whoever thought of putting vending machines and selling those foldable flats - best $20 some of us spent...and yes we have reworn the flats elsewhere to get our monies worth :)
2	***LABOR DAY WEEKEND UPDATE***Ok, so I'm giving this low rating because I feel like someone from their team should read this and do something about my experience here because seriously, it was NOT cool and also NOT acceptable, in my opinion at least. The bouncer was SO SO SO SO SO RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL to not only me, but to everyone else who was at the entrance with me. He not only yelled at me and the other guests trying to get into the club, but he also suggested that we pay him to get him. EXCUSE ME SIR, BUT I HAD ALREADY PAID $30 TO GET INTO THE CLUB IN THE FIRST PLACE. WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD I PAY YOU EVEN MORE MONEY TO GET INSIDE THE CLUB WHEN I HAD ALREADY DONE SO!?!?!?!? SO RUDE. But not only was he rude, but he was EXTREMELY DISRESPECTFUL. He yelled at this poor girl who's friends had gotten in before her and he also yelled at another guy who was trying to get in when all he had done was ask, very politely (and soberly if I may add) to get in. Honestly, dealing with this bouncer ruined my night and the way he treated everyone trying to get in seriously apalled me. I will say though that in the end, I did get in luckily because I went to another bouncer and I did have a good night, but seriously XS....this kind of service is unacceptable, especially when we have all paid to get in ESPECIALLY FOR LABOR DAY WEEKEND. Yah, I know it's crazy, and yah I know SOME people are beligerent, but if someone has not done anything to justify being yelled at, DON'T DO IT. so rude.
5	XS is definitely my new favorite club in Vegas. I was here last Saturday when Steve Angelo of Swedish House Mafia performed. There was no guest list so we had to buy pre-sale tickets ~ $20 for girls/$50 for guys. We got there at about 10:30 and the line went by really quickly. I liked the set up of the club, the stage was indoors and facing a large dance floor surrounded by the table-service area. The back of the stage was open to the pool/outdoor dance area, which was nice since you still got to hear the live DJ  even if you were outdoors. The drinks were good, strong, and expensive... as expected. Music was great and Steve Angelo's performance was AMAZING! The only downside was that when the indoor dance floor gets packed, they block off the entrances from the pool... this forced us to exit the club and re-enter from the front just to get inside, kinda sucky but whatever! Me and all my friends had a blast, can't wait to come back!!
5	Writing a review about XS is, for me, a lot like being asked to write a review about life itself.  How deep do you want to go on this?I remember it like it was yesterday, the first time I went to XS.  I remember because it was probably the greatest day of my life, and I would never be the same again.XS is like Chicken Soup for the Soul.  If it's been more than a few days since you were last there, you are inevitably going through some rough times in your life.  You're probably freaking out on people, ultra stressed and you just don't know why you look like hell all the time...  But the moment you walk in, you're literally bathed in a holy light that cures you of all ailments and forgives you for your sins.  If you are not already extremely hammered, that was probably a bad decision on your part for not pre-gaming, but there are plenty of $14-17 drinks available.Granted, some nights there are literally a sea of asian people there, but it's all fine by me.  If you look at the reviews on here you'll see that it's about 94% asian reviewers, but that's not necessarily representative of the club, it's more like 82% asian.  Nah just kidding, it used to be worse but these days it's a pretty well-rounded crowd.Bottom line, what other club have you been to that cost $100 million to make?  Definitely not the lame ass club in your hometown. Go to XS.
3	Wow this place is way over-hyped! Long line, and again didn't have to wait :D. Inside is nice, most definitely. Choice of music=terrible. The special DJ of the night was Diplo..whom I don't know. But, all the music he played, no one can really "dance" to. Unless you're jumping the whole time..which is just ridiculous. The pool is available to go into.. O.O Just sayin' girls..it's not sexy to go in. And prease wear a bra!! Outside is a nice little place to just get away from the crowd and relax. They have a good amount of seating area, which I like. Security is nice. Drinks were pretty good. Got my Kalua milk on. Maybe it was just the DJ of the night that I didn't like, or it's just always like that. Idk. Went to Drai's afterwards to get our dance on.
4	Out of all the clubs my girlfriend and I have been to in Vegas, xs is probably the best. Even when packed, the place is cool and well ventilated unlike its competitor, marquee. Though it's not in xs' control, but we really wish that some people were more polite, mature, and showed more class. We're all here to have fun, and the deliberate pushing and shoving definitely gets old after a while. These people ruin the fun for others (mainly couples)  whom are just trying to have a good time.
3	The first time I came here I loved it. I was hammered and newly in love, so that probably did the trick. Any place would have been amazing in my eyes.On my second to last Vegas trip we stayed at Encore and so we decided to go see Steve Aoki on one of his resident nights at XS. As much as I love me some Aoki, he was off that night and his general electronica beats became way too dubsteppy. Towards the end of the night most people didn't bother trying to dance (or should I say spazz out) to the tracks anymore.I had my fair share of free top-shelf drinks at the BlackJack and PaiGow tables before rolling into the club, so I decided to just drink water instead of dropping my life savings on the XS cocktails. That may have been the biggest mistake, as I slowly but surely sobered up and realized just how run down the club had gotten over the last couple of years. The inside smelled like vomit and gym locker room, the private tables and booths showed their rough abuse even in the dark, and the ground outside (pool side) was so sticky that I "lost" my high-heel sandals a few times as they decided to stick to the unidentifiable substances. Sorry, XS, but you have lost your lack luster. I can now be found at Marquee.
5	Back in Vegas, when prompted with the question, "What club do you wanna hit up?" my initial response was XS as I've never been and have been wanting to check it off my list.Here for Veteran's Day Weekend so there wasn't a guestlist for Friday or Saturday, but we got on it for Sunday with R3hab playing at free for girls and $20/guy.  Pre-sales were looking at $20/girl, $30/guy.Got there a little before midnight and I was honestly a little worried they would give me trouble with the guestlist, but they didn't even ID me when asking for my guestlist info and hooked it up no problem.  The lines are long, but we didn't wait far too long--definitely tolerable.The one thing that stood out to me about XS is not only the gorgeous venue, but the crowd XS attracts.  The layout of the club beats Marquee in my opinion--middle stage, spacious dance floor, places to sit, and gorgeous outside patio with a pool that you can actually go in (though it was blocked off the night I was here).  I love that you could go outside and still hear the music from inside whereas Marquee, you get a change in sound system once you step outside.  XS is also easy to maneuver around and the staff and security gave me no troubles at all.  Plus one.The crowd was a lot of fun in that it's young, hip, and don't seem as douche-y as the crowd at Marquee who don't know how to get out of the way and always spill drinks left and right.  There was a number of older people, which really confounded me as I would NOT want to be in the crowded dance floor full of energetic partygoers when I'm just going to stand there and stare up at the stage; I was surprised they stayed there for as long as I did to be honest.Seems like it's predominantly EDM played here, which may be a turn off for those who don't prefer dancing to house music.  I'm not the hugest fan of house, but R3hab was so much fun and I definitely would want to go back even if he wasn't playing.  It seemed like all my girl friends had a blast too so I'm super glad we were able to party here.Best club I've been to, hands down.  Be back for you, XS!
5	came here Sunday night (11/12) for my birthday since Marquee Saturday was a failure. Love this place!! the music and the crowd was good. your bouncers are SUPER nice and there are places to sit!! love the stripper poles hahahaha would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	IF I COULD GIVE IT MORE STARS I WOULD!!!!!! By far the BEST club in LAS VEGAS...whoever goes here must attend it. Alot of people complain about how pricey it is...but "hey you get what you pay for" right! its classy, upscale, drinks are fucking awesome. great music! I recently went in November for my little brothers 21st birthday but i was kind of iffy about even going since it wasnt like summer or anything so i didnt think id see anyone good. To my LUCK Tiesto was gonna be there that nigh. i was beyond stocked!!!! made it better than it already is!!!!
5	I don't remember much about my time at XS but blurred memory means awesome times. After all it is Vegas.We were a group of 3 girls but we met a larger group of 6 girls in line and so we teamed up to try and work some magic. Well it kinda worked. Some random guys in line tried sweet talking the bouncers to let us in free but they only managed to talk him into letting us cut the line. Ok I'm cool with that. We paid to get in but after that we paid no more.Guys were buying us drinks left and right. We walked up to the bar and my girlfriend orders a round of patron shots for us all but some nearby gentlemen picked up our tab. Thanks guys. They weren't very cute so we talked to them a bit and discretely walked away and they didn't follow suite or harass. One of my girlfriend goes off to take a spin on one of the stripper poles on the dance floor we entertain ourselves watching her take lessons from the MILF holding her own at that pole but then wander off to the poolside bar where we stayed the rest of the night because the drinks just kept coming and the conversations from our gentlemen callers were entertaining. What was more entertaining was watching guys max out credit cards on the rounds of shots they were trying to buy us. Shots, Shots, Shots.
5	My favorite club in Vegas!
4	***I will say one thing: Vegas caters to women, point blank. My review is written from the female perspective, so you fellas complaining about drink costs... well, sorry. Find yourselves a group of pretty ladies that are willing to take you under their wing.***Halloween weekend 2012 was the first time I had ever gone clubbing in Sin City (nooooo, EDC doesn't count)..... Aaaaand I didn't have to pay for cover.Or drinks.THE.ENTIRE.WEEKEND.XS, Marquee, Surrender, Haze, even Sapphire.Not a damn dollar.Now that we have that out of the way, this is a review for XS specifically, so I suppose I should get specific.The venue is nothing short of amazing. The pool area is stunning (as you can tell from the gazillion photos here on Yelp) and inside, there's plenty'a pole strategically placed for matters of dance. Be forewarned, the bartenders make stiff drinks. A glass full of vodka with a measly splash of cran? Oh my, one will last you for a while --- not that I'm complaining ;). Seeing as how cocktails were free for us ladies, we tipped our mixologists accordingly... as should you!Oh, and of course the music was on point (house btw, if that was any surprise to you). The best part? Random star DJs popping through. You know *casual shrug.* Just 'cause. DJ Chuckie decided to show up and please believe this little girl made her way up to the front to take full advantage of the experience all the while dance off those liquid calories. It doesn't hurt that you're surrounded by beautiful people either!XS falls just short of 5 stars for me, though, because I swear the carpet area by the bar REEKS of too many spilled drinks and possibly a couple lost bouts with vomit. I really think they should look into replacing it and doing it soon. Until then, breathe through your mouth when visiting the bar or bat your eyelashes at that attractive gentleman staring back at you with bottle service X] Yep. I went there... it is Vegas after all ;).
5	My favorite club in Vegas. As far as I know, both guys and girls both have to pay for entry but for good reason. This club is totally awesome. The main dance floor is pretty crowded but you can walk to the pool area to get some air. There are also 3 bars so the wait isn't too bad. If you don't want to wait in line for an hour+ then you better get there early unless you're in a big group of girls.Oh yeah, the music is pretty good too :3
5	I love XS. It's always a lot better with a table. One of the best clubs in Vegas.
2	Yes, a beautiful space and decorated to the nines, but when I go see a big name DJ I go to dance.  Not to see and be seen.  The bouncers are intense and the only way to get on the actual dance floor if you don't have big boobs (and I'm a guy) is to grease them with money.  After trying and failing I finally gave them $100 bucks for my buddy and I.  This was after already dropping over $100 bucks per ticket.  We actually went to see and enjoy Avicci, and what we got was attitude and people dressed like they were going to a fine dining experience.  How can you shake your ass in those stilettos and suits??  If you're a real house head and going for the music, don't bother.  If you want to see and be seen, this is the place for you.  For me? I say lame, and I'm not going back.
4	Usually always have a good time here but when a popular DJ plays it gets packed like a sardine can. This is my favorite club aesthetically and its pretty damn big. The only thing I ever disliked about this club is when I went this past summer and it smelled like BO everywhere and I hated weaving my way through a crowd of sweaty people. Drinks are expensive but expected at a club I guess.
5	First  off, this is my favorite club in Vegas; Great music (house) , the crowd is great , the pool area wasn't open this time. but is still amazing, strong drinks, and VIP area isn't roped off like at PURE which sucks, the bathroom is so clean and the attendants are helpful. the security guard working there was so sweet and gave us a table for free :). DEFINITELY WORTH IT.Cover charge is $20 I believe, but sometimes let you in free
5	This club was hands down my favorite club in LV.  I mean, it helped that I knew Steve Aoki was going to be there the night I went, but the club alone just has such a great vibe that it makes it all worth it.  Between the staff with coat check and getting through the lines, everyone was super friendly and laid back.  Definitely not what you'd expect from an upscale club in Vegas -- which is GREAT!Sound system was rockin' and it's truly a great venue with so much space for dancing.  Will DEFINITELY go back.  And recommend as the number 1 club spot in Vegas.
5	XS is truly the only club that I know off that deserves a 5star rating. It's spacious! There is outdoor dancing, bars, VIP. There is indoor dancing, bars, VIP. Every time I go there, the music is awesome. They played a little bit of everything, from house, to hip hop, to r&b, to trance. Love the vibe! The people there are always classy and trendy and at their best behavior. I have not been to Surrender, so I can't compare, but XS is definitely way better than Marquee!
5	Nightclubs don't get any better than this.Came here to see Nervo and had my doubts. In the end, I was blown away. First off, compared to the other clubs, XS has the most room to shake it. There's more room for you to actually be in the front to see whatever DJ you want to see. The downfall of clubbing at XS in the winter? The crowd. Because it's pretty popular, you have a ton of people coming in. Of those people who come in, you have a certain percentage of idiots. I have seen more fights than I should have in one night. One fight, this guy came out of nowhere, jumped a guy right next to me, and pounded his face to the floor for a good minute or so. Not even one security guard came... And me? I almost got into a fight there for having to deal with a rambunctious idiot. XS has a great atmosphere and goes down as one of the best clubs in Vegas. Drinks will set you back around $17 but the quality of their drinks here compared to Surrender is 10 times better.If you're trying to decide between Surrender or XS, I will guarantee you will have a better time at XS. My experiences with Surrender have always been terrible. But at XS, the bouncers and staff members are nicer. Tip: In the winter, they close off the outside portion so there's no pool access. Get there early. Girls, get on the guest list and look good. Guys, don't ask for water. You will be charged.
5	I will say this time and time again. XS is hands down the best club in Vegas. TAO is up there. Marquee can't even compare. Roger Thomas, the executive vice president of design for Wynn has outdone himself.I came here for Veteran's Day weekend on a Sunday night. Surprisingly, the line seemed pretty packed, but that didn't deter most of us. It seems like a long wait from the outside, but the cashiers are very efficient and the wait was no more than 20 min. Definitely tolerable, especially with a Four Loko in your hand.$20 for guys, free for girls if you're on the guest list. If I knew what it would be like inside, I would've easily paid more.The venue is absolutely gorgeous. The fact that the dance floor is centralized makes it easy to get around, unlike the dark mazes of Marquee. Everything from the chandelier to the bathroom walls to the bar is beautifully crafted and makes you feel just a little bit classier. Plus, there's actually places to sit! That's pretty rare to find these days. That night, R3hab was DJing and it was one of the most mind-blowing clubbing experiences of my life. I've never heard of the guy before, but he mixed in a good amount of popular EDM music along with his stuff. It's almost as if you're at a rave, but with a lot less people and a much nicer venue. Free shirts, styrofoam glow sticks, and glasses made it even better. Even if you're not into EDM, the DJs they host here will make sure you're having a good time.The crowd is predominantly young, classy and good looking. Everyone tends to be friendly and not trying to start shit. You might run into a few bros or hood rats here and there, but it's a lot less likely to happen than at Marquee or Tao. You'll also see some cougars, but hey props to them for staying young and enduring 4 hours of head-blasting music. Overall, XS is the perfect place to go clubbing in Vegas. There's really no other way to put it. Even if you swear to never go clubbing again like I almost did after Marquee, you won't regret giving it a chance.
5	I've seen many clubs ranging from cities in Europe to NYC, SF, San Diego and many more major nightlife hotspots but XS has exceeded my expectations. Great music, classy people, professional hosts! Need I say more?
3	Hate to be a buzzkill on all the 5 star reviews, but XS was only okay for me (probably cuz I'm not a fan of house music). Agreed, this is a beautiful club. I was here on a slow Sunday night in November, so the outdoor patio was closed and there wasn't a ton of people here, which was a shame. We got hooked up with a promoter who got us free entry and a couple of drink tickets each, so the night was pretty much free.Never seen such a brightly lit dancefloor, which is quite unnerving (the whole point of a nightclub is that it's dark so you can't see who you're dancing with, right?).I'd like to come back to check out the patio when it's open.I also like how the tags for coatchecks are bracelets rather than slips of paper that can be easily lost. It's the little details, people....
5	I've partied all over the world and this is by far the hottest club I've ever been to. It's hot, sexy, lavish, elegant, majestic, completely over-the-top awesome! I came here when Deadmau5 was spinning during the Pacquiao vs Marquez 4 fight weekend and it was jam packed. A bit too packed but it was extremely fun.First off, this club if huge! Think of a regular club in your city, multiple that by 3 and that's only the size of XS's dance floor. Their outdoor pool & lounge area is very extravagant and beautiful. The best thing is the music. They have top of the line speaker systems. The bass hits hard and clean. Nothing is overwhelming to the ear and every beats seems to send shivers down your spine. The music sensation alone is worth going to XS.The view is spectacular. And by view, I mean the girls. It's Vegas. Use your imagination!From now on, every single time I go to Vegas, I will be sure to hit up XS!
5	Without a doubt the BEST club in Vegas! Yeah you can make a case for Marquee but XS really brings it when you go head to head in terms of DJ's. They have the biggest names and the biggest parties and always draw a great crowd with one common goal to dance all night long.  So let me ask you one thing...If this was the last dance of the night Will you join me 'til the morning light Dance the night away, 'cause it feels right You can't stop me, no-o-o-oYou can't stop me, noooooYou can't stop me, no-o-o-oA couple of quick tips for all you amateurs out there.  Pay attention because this will save you some time and money, heck it might even get you laid.1) PRESALE TICKETS FTW2) GET THERE EARLY AND GET RIGHT IN EVEN IF YOU'RE A DUDE3) WEAR A TIE (OR BOWTIE) AND DRESS SHOES4) BRING CASH AND TIP WELL5) HIGH FIVES AND SMILES ALL NIGHT6) MAKE FRIENDS WITH EVERYONE EVEN DUDES7) GET SWEATY AND START A DANCE CIRCLE8) RIP DA CLUB (AKA SHUT IT DOWN)9) SHHHOOOOOOOTTTTSSSS10) STAY HYDRATED LOL
5	Out of Bagatelle, Tao, and Pure, XS was the best. All of us girls got in free (~15-20 of us) on the guest-list, not sure what the boys did, but we did get bottle service. There was lots of cushy seating surrounding our table and wasn't invaded by randos. There was good music (which was infinitely better after 2-3 am), a good crowd (20s-30s), a good ratio, and a good amount of people (not too empty, not crazy crowded. Manufactured Superstars played and threw into the crowd light-up foam things, hipster glasses, and awesome blow-up astronauts. It got crowded at some points of the night, but not enough to make me uncomfortable. I would definitely revisit this club when/if I return to Vegas!
5	Favorite club in Vegas!!! Awesome layout - a huge open room with tables lining to the dance floor. Bars to the left and right - just great!Music was my favorite - electronic beats all night long. Best DJs there. Great crowd, younger around 20s to late 20s. DEFINITELy COMING BACK!A promoter got us in early by cutting the line and also we each got two free drinks and free entry. Best deal! Loved it!
5	Awesome Club! Got in for free because we went to Tryst first and got stamped when we left. We went on a night when DeadMau5 was spinning - it was AWESOME! Stood poolside at the bar and had a great time. It was packed because of DeadMau5. We didn't get to do bottle service. Because all the tables were booked in advance because of DeadMau5. It was $600/bottle per 3 people. I went to Marquee, Tryst, and then XS. XS is definitely one of the highlights of my Vegas trip! I had so much fun! The people were great! I got free drinks. What could be better than that?Definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Very trendy nightclub in the Wynn hotel.  Nice layout and modern vibe but a bit too young for me.  Music was good and good turnout but just a bit too crowded for me.
5	XS at Encore is without a doubt one of the hottest clubs in Vegas. Saw Afrojack in Sept 2011 and Calvin Harris on 12/15/12 (bachelor party weekend). The lines are always super long so unless you want to drop several thousand on bottle service, try to get advance Wantickets for whatever DJ is playing (some famous DJ is always playing) or know someone. The house/dance music is amazing, the crowd is young and good looking, and the club is extremely spacious (indoor gets packed, but outdoor pool area always has room). Drinks are expensive but that is expected.XS is the epitome Vegas clubbing so it a definite must visit for you and your friends.
3	Decent venue, well run, drinks are about what you'd expect. Overall you need to go when there is a good DJ, we had some second rate DJs who aren't local, but aren't good. It was a fun time, but the music needs to be much better to really enjoy it.
3	Saturday Night, if you don't have table service, guys are $50. and girls are um  (I forget)....The tables service is descent, the staffs are not friendly.  DJ Warren Peace were spinning that night and my husband did not want to leave ... esp to his favorite place, Sapphire !!   We had fun, it was my birthday weekend and I sure live it up...  I want to tell you more, but it's a blurr now.If you're in LV, do check it out.
4	We showed up pretty late on the Fri of NY weekend to see Tiesto. We had to wait for 1.5 hours to get in which was a pain, but luckily we got in just in time for Tiesto. Girls were $30 and guys were $75, but for a bit more you could buy tix in advance and not wait in line. Club was really fun! The music was pumping and Tiesto put on quite a show with lights, beats, video, and even streamers. Tons of foreigners and if you want to get into the pit, slip some $$ to the usher and you're solid.Definitely more men than women, and everyone was mostly nice/respectful.It was pretty packed and there was a bunch of stolen cell phones but otherwise, great night and great club!
4	Absolutely one of the BEST looking clubs that I've been to. The place is very clean and has a great feel/ atmosphere to it. I love that they have huge flat screens outside so that you can still see the dj playing if you can't get through the main floor inside. The only thing is, they need to work on their crowd control in the main floor! We went to go see David Guetta last MDW and the dance floor was overcrowded! Girls were pulling hairs, guys were pushing each other, and my friend almost got trampled and lost in the crowd. It took us a long time to get out of there because people kept squeezing their way in the back entrance to the dance floor, since no bouncers were manning that area.
5	XS lives up to the hype. It's a bit small if you opt to stay inside, so be warned. It helps to know somebody...otherwise you pay a ridiculous cover and wait in a line for the sake of waiting in a line. At least they allow ins and outs...I haven't gotten a table here so I can't speak to their service, but the bar, while crowded, moves quickly if you manage to get their attention.
5	My favorite club in Sin City!!!I've had my share of times going to XS and I can say with confidence that I never had a bad time. Sure, I've blacked out a couple times, but that just goes to show you that I had the time of my life then, lol.XS is located in the Encore hotel and the venue is just AMAZING. It's so spacious with a lot of tables and places to sit when your feet are dying from your heels. I've never been here during the summer, but the outdoor area has a pool and tons of cabanas.Unfortunately I don't know the entry prices since I've always gone through a promoter and never had to pay, so I recommend all you fellas to find a group of girls to go in with! :P The music is always pretty good here, too. As everyone knows, EDM is blowing up right now, so that's what you can pretty much find here. I'm not a big EDM person nor am I very knowledgeable about the different DJ's, but the last time I came here, Diplo was playing. Didn't know him at the time, but I had a great time that night :)Make sure to go to XS the next time you're in Vegas! DEFINITELY ZE BEST.
5	This will probably get cycled off the first page in a matter of days, but regardless here are some tips for XS, because if you've never been to Vegas or never been to a club you may be intimidated coming in.  I was here for Tiesto on New Years weekend, so I assume about as hard a night to enter as any.- Buy tickets ahead of time if available.  I bought thru Wantickets thru the XS website and they had a separate entrance set up where I walked right in despite arriving at XS around 12:30AM (my plane landed that night at 11:15PM).  Didn't even have to grease the guy at the door, which I fully expected to have to do since I got there kinda late and this is standard practice at some NYC clubs, even if you have a ticket.- Dress nice.  Really nice.  But leave the $500 loafers at home.  Wear the $150 ones.- Forget bottle service.  Drink prices aren't THAT bad (under $15 for Tanqueray and tonic) and you can get service quickly enough in the outside bars.Besides that it's your standard high-end club experience.  Lots of people, some more banged up than others, close quarters, lots of rich Asians (not a bad thing), but as XS you don't have the college crowd/mindset of wearing as much neon as possible and acting like a complete a-hole like you do in the majority of big clubs, festivals these days.  So HUGE ups for that.
1	The only reasons I'm giving this one star are because it's mandatory and because the bathrooms were very clean with very little wait time. They definitely over sold the show I attended by about 200-300 people. There was no room anywhere to move around, let alone try to dance (which I thought was the point of a nightclub?). They allow smoking inside so all night I was breathing into my arm. They tell you you HAVE to dress in club attire or you may not be allowed in and yet I saw many people in jeans, t-shirts and sneakers. I was about to pass out, because I couldn't breath very well, when I found a small ledge to sit on where other people were also sitting. About five minutes later a bouncer told us all to get down and clear the walkway (what walkway? there was people standing EVERYWHERE). Around 20 minutes after that, there were a bunch of girls sitting in that same exact spot and by the time I left (close to 2:30am because we did not want to stay til closing in those conditions) those girls had still been sitting there the entire time. All I know is, I will never pay that ridiculous amount of money to go stand in the bathroom hallway and sort of hear the music again!
5	This club is by far the best place I have been in Las Vegas. Everything is well organized, the security and bouncers are very friendly. The drinks are amazingly good . I definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves to party !
4	The Setting:  Saturday night show featuring Nervo, 7-guy group, had 4-bottle reservation.The Vibe:  5 StarsIdeal for groups in their early 20's to early 30's, Saturday night DJ's usually have a progressive house/techno focus.  The crowd is pretty, but they know they are...NOTE:  If you are in a group of guys, for a bach party or otherwise, having a table here is essential.  Trying to go inside and just buy drinks is a pretty rough experience and what you save in $$ you lose in sanity.  Either get a table or just go somewhere else.The Service:  5 StarsWe had a team of 3 cocktails and 2 bouncers taking care of us.  This was overkill, but much appreciated!  The bouncers filtered the table guests and even escorted (via performing as Linebackers through the crowd) us to the restroom, waited for us, and escorted us back.  We did get a couple confused/angry looks from people being moved out of the way.The Cost:  2.5 StarsAs is expected, to receive this kind of attention and service requires money, I just had no idea it would be so much.  One of our group members is a GM at a Vegas club and even with his connection, which was highly valuable, our minimum spend was $3500.  We rocketed through that number and I had a litle sticker shock when I go my portion of the bill...The Bottom Line:  If you have a fun group and very few budget restrictions, this is an ideal Saturday night Vegas spot, probably still top 3 on the strip according to my group and others we spoke with.  Whether to spend that kind of money should probably determined by the act that is performing that night.  If you have budget restrictions, there are plenty of options hurting for business on the strip.
4	Nice people that come in here. Very knowledgable bartenders. It also appears that a majority of the headlining EDM DJs get signed into exclusivity contracts strictly for this club, such as Morgan Page, Deadmau5, and Nicky Romero. It seems to be a contract war between Marquee at the Cosmopolitan and XS every half a year, so the talents continuously change because of that. And, you get to enjoy some of them playing on locals nights on Sundays and Mondays, all for free! And these are not some dumbasses that mash together prerecorded tracks of real talent at a second-rate club or hookah lounge, these are the REAL talent themselves!It is like... climbing over the gates of Electric Daisy Carnival for an hour, and then immediately hopping back over before security finds you. You get your celebrity DJ experience regardless of what day you went, all for a better price than buying stupid $500 3-day General Admission tickets. But at least at local nights, there are not many GOOD looking people that come in. Let me make it clear, they are NICE people, they just NOT NICE LOOKING people. A majority of the women who showed up are either fat or old. They are real nice in a conversation, but I was always looking for a window of opportunity to get away from them. I bumped and spilled my drink several times in 2 hours, I got a lot of offers to get one bought for me. Guys that come here are real gentlemen, and the women are um... "nice".And everybody is either white or asian.
3	This used to be my favorite nightclub until I went to Marquee.I really don't like the 1 hour wait and how unorganized they are with the guestlist. My friend's boyfriend put us on the guestlist and we couldn't find the promoter that was in charge of it so it was frustrating! $50 for guys and $20 for girls.The place was packed beyond crazy. There was literally no room to move on the dance floor at all.The reason why I like Marquee better is because they have confetti, steam, laser effects, dancers with crazy costumes on, and glowstick distribution everywhere- XS did not have any of these except the few glowsticks. Oh and somebody gave us their table because they were leaving and the b**** bottle service girl kicked us out even though she was off for the night. Anyways, not as fun as Marquee.
5	Best in Vegas!Great time and very good people!
5	Fun Vegas club. It's upscale without the upscale dress code.
4	One of the better clubs in Vegas. It's a pretty bug club, but they are a few bigger ones in Vegas like Rain. The music is usually dance, top 40 and trance. Sometimes they have big name dj's. Dance floor is mid size and gets pretty packed, which makes it hard to move around. Drinks could take a while to get.
5	I love XS. Sure, it probably has to do with the fact that everytime we've gone, we've been on the guestlist, and always got in free and also with no wait at all.But besides that, the venue is beautiful - inside and out. This is a perfect example of how you can maximize use of space and ambience in just one huge area, and not need to go from room to room to have a good time.Great music, great vibe, great venue.
3	I feel like there is a lot of hype for XS being one of the hottest clubs in LV but there were a few things that turned me off.Cons:- IT GETS REALLY CROWDED. It's nice to know the club is poppin but I couldn't get cray cray when all these people are just passing me trying to get through the dance floor. It was getting annoying :(- The female body outlines along the walls seems too sexualized. I like the idea and it looks artistic but I'm feeling like a strong feminist against it since they outlines boobs, nipples and all- AMF costs $17 + $1 tip = $18 of blue diluted sugar waterHere's what I thought the pros were for XS:+ Sexy people partying all in one place (except the nasty you-know-what that my friends and I met at the bar)+ In the cabana outside, you can still hear Afrojack perform loud and clear+ Club doesn't close until 5:30am so you can definitely get cray cray here until the break of dawn :)
3	Another cheesy Vegas club but this is one of the few clubs to come to if you are in Vegas.  It will suck if you are a guy with no table or an unattractive girl in terms of getting in I'm sure.  If you don't want to stand in line, a Benjamin Franklin to the security will get you in on a busy night.
4	I love this club, but hard to get in.It's only hard if you're w/ a whole bunch of dudes (not a good idea!!!)I've been here several time in the past 3 years. But I can only recall the whole layout once. It's indoor and outdoors with a casino tables inside. XS has an outdoor pool which I doubt you can skinny dip in. Nevertheless, it is always packed with people and headliner DJs. I was able to snag bottle one time when I was here and the group was pretty nice to share. Although, this club has been known to be the "black out" club for me. I come in semi-sober and come out not remembering how I left. That's when you know I had a great time!!
4	XS was really fun. Came here last spring on my first non-family vacation to Vegas, expecting to spend most of my time dancing and sun-bathing. Knowing absolutely nothing about promoters or clubs or really anything at all, I was happy that my friends knew which clubs were fun to go to.We (four girls) went around 11, had a 10 minute wait, and no cover. R3hab was DJ-ing, which was awesome. The club was decorated in a typical club way with lots of shiny decor, poles/stages to dance on, etc. There was also a nice outdoor area that wasn't too crowded and had lots of people who were willing to share their tables and water.I guess the only major con was that it was incredibly crowded. The guys are aggressive, which is to be expected to a certain degree in Vegas, but it was just over the top at XS. At one point, a stranger threw me over his shoulder and started walking, even though I was desperately trying to get down. Luckily, we had met up with some friends earlier, and one of the guys was able to pull me down and away. I don't really know how clubs can control for this kind of behavior, but it was never such an absurd problem at other venues in Vegas and was only kind of frightening at XS.Tl;drXS is cool. It's pretty fun, pretty popular, and surprisingly organized for such a crowded venue.
1	I've been to XS Nightclub at the Encore a few times now, and each time has been pretty fun. It has really good ambience, I think the club itself is just crazy decked out pretty, and I know it's one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas right now. Nowadays everyone that's going to Vegas wants to hit up either Marquee at Cosmo or XS. They book pretty good DJs and XS has been my number one favorite club to frequent in Vegas ever since I turned 21. However, the incident that happened last Sunday made me rethink to as whether I want to even come back to XS ever. Again. So I arrived at XS and my coworkers wanted to buy two Patron shots. Personally, I don't drink Patron so I just told them to stay put and I'd help them out and buy the shots for them. I went to the bar on the right side from the stage, and was helped by a blonde female bartender with a mole on her upper lip. I attempted to pay with my Visa debit card, but she proceeded to tell me that my card wasn't working. I asked her to perhaps try one more time, and she refused to. She then took my card and signaled for a bouncer to come, escort me to an ATM to withdraw cash, and pay for the shots, despite my continuous efforts to tell her, "NO I NO LONGER WANT THESE SHOTS". She informed me that if I didn't withdraw money to pay for the shots that I supposedly ordered, she would've had me kicked out of the nightclub. XS, you disappoint. I don't know what kind of customer service this is. You were my number one and now I never want to come back. I'll take my business to Marquee next time, they never screw me over.
5	So far XS is the best nightclub that I've ever been to in Vegas. Huge dance floor that leads you to the outdoor/pool area if you want fresh air. Very classy atmosphere and crowd. My only complaint was the lack of variety of music that they were playing at the time that we were there. Electronic music all through the night and no hiphop.
4	One of my favorites in Sin City...I have been to XS Nightclub a couple times, once for Avicii - which was EPIC! I would say this is one of the luxurious clubs I have been to in Vegas as admission price is the price ranging from $25 - $75+ a night -matters if you are a female or male. Male price is of course, more expensive. To play around, I asked the ticket seller, well what if your gay? or can you dress up like a woman and then come and pay the lower price? Of course, not haha.It is a two story club, there is a large dancefloor with a bar inside alongside the DJ booth and go go dancers with a lot of sitting space. The outside is where you will be able to walk around the pools, jacuzzis, and poker/game tables. Some nights you can go into the pool and jacuzzis and actually swim and dance which is awesome and fun! The second floor is outside and you can usually find the private seating areas up there but they give a nice view of the Wynn hotel and the environment is flourishing and very well taken care of. I saw Avicii here and he was amazing. Confetti, popping bottles, getting your feet wet, dancing til 4am, going to other peoples private seating areas getting free drinks, and dancing on the poles was all my favorite. In other words, this is such a party club! Watch out though, you might be hungover the next day from all the crazyness!The two bars that are visible are outside and inside - they are a mission to get to the front, but if you are there waiting in line then eventually you will get your drinks - just buy all yours in one purchase so that you don't need to repeatedly keep waiting in the loads of people that are at the bar. YES, THIS PLACE GETS CROWDED, don't expect the dancefloor to be empty or easy to get into. My favorite moment was when I was able to take off my shoes and roll up my slacks and dance in the pool that just slightly rises above your ankles. I was totally getting wet to Avicii! You will get splashed if you decide to go into the pool area where everyone is dancing behind the DJ booth and you will meet awesome people like I did from Brazil and London - they made me have an extra fun time!
5	HIGHLY recommended if you are looking for a classy club in Vegas! I went there to see Afrojack last Saturday and it was simply amazing. The decor is beautiful, the layout makes sense, the acoustics are good...there is even an outdoor section, which was great even though the pool wasn't open yet. My few notes are this:-If you are going with a group, I would recommend getting bottle service or getting there post-10PM. We went with a group of 16 (6 men, 10 women); the men bought bottle service so they bypassed the general admission line. The rest of us had to wait in line, but because there were 10 women, we were able to cut ahead of the line pretty quickly (which was great because the line was INTENSELY long). We still had to pay $40 per person, but the cost varies depending on who is playing.-Another benefit to getting bottle service is that you are not stuck in the extremely crowded dance floor and you have a home plate. Otherwise, this club would have been a bit more difficult to manage, I think.-The bathrooms are AMAZING! Seriously, I'm not kidding. Never had to wait in line, and there is a massive array of perfumes/hairspray, etc. Totally awesome.As for what type of bottle service to get, we had one of the cheapest tables inside and, in my opinion, had one of the best seats in the house. We were right next to the left-hand bar (there are bars on both side of the dance floor) which placed us in the back of the room, but there are ledges that you can stand on, which is great for when the DJ comes on! We debated getting a table outside, which was a bit more expensive. During the summer, that might have been an OK option, but it is also a bit far away from the dance floor. In fact, from what I could tell, they played different music entirely. However, for the summer when the pool is open, it might have been a fun place to party. Also, for being a Vegas club, drinks were pretty cheap around $12. I can't wait to go back!!
3	Went to Vegas the past weekend for the usual: clubbing, gambling, drinking, etc. Our group decided to go to XS to see Afrojack so we all bought our tickets in advance via wanticket.com (Guys, buy your admission through wanticket.com; there's a separate line for wanticket holders so you don't have to wait in a long line or pay your way to cut the line!)XS is no different from the usual Vegas clubs: you got the party people jam packed in the middle of the dance floor leaving no room to move or dance, you got the high rollers on the tables INSIDE of XS and those that still wanted a table but couldn't really afford the $$$ on the outside tables of XS. I do wish that the Vegas clubs have some kind of maximum capacity because always at around 1-2am, it just gets impossible to maneuver through the dance floor and people just start pushing their way through. GIRLS, PUSHING WON'T GET YOU THROUGH ANY CROWD, THAT IS HOW YOU GET YOUR HAIR RIPPED OUT BY ANOTHER BELLIGERENT DRUNK. Besides the crowd issue, XS is a nice venue with the inside being the dance floor and the outside being a more relaxed open area.
4	I generally don't enjoy packed crowded places with horrible attitudes. XS was a lot more streamlined, for every 1 rude/mean staff there were 2 others who were friendly and the sound system was great! The outside area is super cool if they setup the DJ by the pool!
4	Came here for a crazy, spur-of-the-moment Vegas trip thanks to a friend, and we were able to catch Madeon (1-4am Sun morning).Cover is $30 for guys, $20 for girls and Encore guests. My friend got us on the VIP list, so we just walked right in. In and out privileges with hand stamp at entrance.Overall, not bad. It wasn't terribly crowded, but they still limited people on the floor, so we had to wait about 10 min before we were allowed on the floor to see Madeon up close.Inside wasn't terribly impressive, but the outside area next to the pool was quite nice.
5	favorite club in vegas, favorite club in the united states, favorite club in the world!
4	This club gets packed! $20 cover for girls, we went on a night that DeadMau5 was there, so of course there were tons of 'awesome' people tripping on E and one who awesomely vomitted on my and my friend's shoes. I feel like i would have enjoyed the club had that not happened, so I won't rate it badly-there was a response from security who noticed the person and ran after them.  The club was pretty cool, but as I said, ridiculously packed. We ended up watching DeadMau5's set from outside, so the sound was kind of weird.  I would definitely go back, but maybe not on a night that a super famous guest DJ is spinning.
5	Saw Afrojack in October of 2012 was the BEST experience I have ever had at a club. Been to XS multiple times and have always enjoyed it. I do agree with some people though, the prices are a bit expensive, think the cheapest drink is 12 bucks but hey its Vegas and it's a Nightclub.
4	This place is soo much fun... if you can get past the bouncers...My friends and I were here Friday night for Avicii, and Saturday night for Madeon. Both nights were cray-cray, filled with the classiest drunk people ever. People were breaking out pocket squares and cufflinks left and right, while downing bottles of Absolut.It's $50 to get in as a guy on a "normal" club night, and more for well-known DJs. Chicks get in for like $20.I'd say make sure you arrive early, but honestly, there's a crap ton of people at all times. The wait might be anywhere from 30-60 minutes, so I recommend buying tickets online beforehand. You can also jump the line if you slip the door people a Benjamin. The drinks aren't too expensive ($13-15 for mixed drinks), but stay away from bottle service. The venue itself is huge, with tables to the side, surrounding the dance floor and stage. Also, there will be bouncers preventing people from reaching the dance floor if it reaches "capacity," which basically means half full. We were lucky enough to get through by slipping the dude a $20, but I think he just assumed it was a $100, and let us through.It's a bit ridiculous that they block you out from the dance floor, but if you can overlook that, and are able to sneak through/buy your way in, you will be in for a great night.
3	I was here on a Sunday night and boy, it was CROWDED!I had people breathing down my neck. their sweat dripping all over mine, and I could barely move; let alone dance...It was an event night with guest star "Afrojacks." The drinks were overpriced ($16 for patron shots, $9 beers, and $14 glass of red wine), and the service was okay. A fight broke out that night near the bathroom area so I couldn't even go to the restroom for an hour. I had to exit the club to use the restroom near one of the restaurants and then reenter. Tips:1. Come before midnight so you won't have a problem getting in.2. There are tons of promoters on the strip after 5PM that you can go to for free admission cards which includes one free drink per person. Just walk around the strip, you're bound to bump into at least one. **THIS ONLY APPLIES IF YOUR GROUP IS ALL GIRLS**They give you a ticket voucher at the door for your free drink.
3	One of the better and classier clubs in Las Vegas!Here's the worst kicker.$8 for soda water from the gun, basically carbonated tap - almost unforgivableCome on Babe, REALLLY?!?!  [Source: I used to be a Bartender]
4	XS was insane! We got there at 10:30 and the line was already pretty long. I suggest purchasing a drink at one of the other bars in Encore then walking over to XS so that way y'all can pre-game a bit more before heading into the club. Get there by 11 because after midnight this place was packed! I've never seen anything like it before.I highly recommend bottle service because it will give you a place to party. My group of girls ended up dancing on top of the banquettes next to a group of guys who had purchased a table for the evening (thankfully they were gentlemen and did not mind us dancing!)If you're going for a bachelor/ette party, purchase one of the party packages which includes open bar for 1 hour plus drink tickets if you don't want to splurge on bottle service. Come prepared to spend a pretty penny on drinks but it's worth it. Besides Marquee, this is my favorite club on the Strip!
1	My fiance and I came here for Calvin Harris on Friday. Since we're not a group of girls, we bought tickets ($70 for guys, 30 for girls). We arrived around 12 PM and the regular line was gigantic, but we waited only ~5-10 minutes in the ticket line. Once inside, coat check was $10 per item (I finally understood why girls weren't wearing any coats in the 40 degree weather). Some rando DJ was playing really crappy music and the dance floor was RIDICULOUSLY crowded. We had pregamed beforehand but weren't really buzzed by any means, and spent the next hour getting stepped on by awkward tall dudes who can't seem to stay on their feet and girls who clearly could not balance in their heels. One guy in front of me who's at least 6'4 was dancing with this chick who kept shoving him backwards and then pulling him back. Idk if they're a couple who's fighting or if they just met and this girl thinks it's a great way to flirt, but every time this happens (every 2 minutes) the dude CRASHES backwards into me. This continued for 90 minutes. Also, people were CONSTANTLY trying to get closer to the stage with full drinks and then getting pissed when their drinks get knocked out of their hands. It was also a complete sausage fest in there! The girls were decent looking, but there were SO MANY creepy looking guys! One old Asian perv kept groping girls and had to be escorted out by security. Seriously XS? You can't even keep a 1:1 sex ratio? I haven't even been to a frat party this bad.I soon stopped enjoying the extremely mediocre music and had to focus all my energy on defending my territory with my elbows. By 1:30 AM Calvin Harris was still not here (he was advertised from 10 PM - 4 AM), and fiance and I were pissed off enough to just leave the club to take a break from all the madness. When we went back at 2:30 AM, Calvin Harris had arrived and the music had improved immensely. The crowd, on the other hand, and spilled out of the dance floor and into the aisles, forming a giant, solid, writhing mass of elbows and sweat. Fiance and I danced a bit at the edge as girl-lines tried to shove back into the crowd, but at this point people on the edge were linking arms to deny entry to the dance floor. After 20 minutes we decided even Calvin Harris was not worth this and left.I'm not sure if I'm just used to clubs in Boston/ NYC, but I've never been to a club this bad. The music was mediocre-below average most of the night, there were waaay too many creepers (ratio was at least 3:1 guys to girls), and there was barely room to breathe. I can't imagine enjoying this crap even if I was blacked out drunk. Complete waste of money. Never again.
3	This club is great when you're drunk with your friends but right as you walk in, it smells like barf!!!  They really need to do something about the carpet if they want to be considered as an upscale go to place in Vegas!Besides that, this place can get pretty packed depending on which DJ is spinning. Would highly recommend getting a table if you are in a big group just so that you can actually have an area to hang out at.This is a good place but can be even better with just minor changes on smell & not making some bottle service tables seem so crappy.
4	XS is definetely one of the hottest clubs in Vegas.  Very elegant, classy and gorgeous.  The outdoor area with pool and cabanas are closed off in the winter.  Although the dance floor is a good size, it still gets crowded.  Music can keep you going all night.  Average looking crowd which was a disappointment that is on the younger side 20s to early 30s.  Expect pushing and shoving all night.  Smoking is now allowed indoors in venues that don't serve food which I didn't appreciate.  My hair smelled like nicotine by the end of the night.  My girlfriends and I didn't have to pay for cover; get in contact with a promoter via Instagram or twitter!  Otherwise, it can be expensive.  $20 for ladies and $30 for guys, more if there's an event.
5	If you are in the mood for electronic/dance/progressive house music this is your place. Yeah it's a bit pricey for the guys but if they don't mind paying the $65 cover charge then fuck it go have a blast, we did! This place really pops. Towards the end of the night they started playing more of the mainstream hiphop music but i guess it was ok after listening to electronic beats all night.
4	This place was super hott :) Really stylish and hip atmosphere and plenty of spots to sit (if you don't have a table reserved, the outdoor area and random ledges work just fine) Everything opens up to you the second you walk in and great fusion of top 40/trancy/dancy arrangements of today's hits. DJ's great, go go dancers were great, outside bar and pool area is AWESOME and you can even try your hand at pole dancing since there are plenty in the club, lol Drinks were overpriced like any typical Vegas club but I highly recommend this place! Just get there super early or be prepared to wait forever to get in!
5	EPIC!You can't say you've been to Vegas unless you've been to XS! Awesome music, really good drinks, spacious dance floor, spectacular sound system and not to mention, they have the perfect ladies room! I love how the place has managed to stay classy and elegant despite the craziness in Vegas! I don't think any other club in Vegas can beat XS!Definitely the best club I've ever been to. Kudos!
5	Cover is steep, so do whatever you need to to get around that, but once you're in that door you immediately realize that even if you paid cover, it's all COMPLETELY worth it! This is one of (if not THE) hottest clubs on the strip right now, and it shows. It's huge, it's opulent, it's expensive, but most of all it's loud!Here's a couple of notes:- Dress well, it'll definitely go a long way with the crowd, don't even think about jeans.- You WILL be leaving with confetti all over you, so just be prepared for that. - If you're on the dance floor, be prepared for pushing and shoving all night because it's PACKED... but it adds to the fun.- The opening DJ sucks. Be prepared for that. - Drinks aren't cheap by my standards, but by Vegas standards... it doesn't matter because you're in the most fun place on earth. I pre-gamed pretty hard, so it wasn't an issue.... I think that's it.
5	The BEST club in LV hands down!! =)My fave club to go 2 in Vegas =)Beautiful people, beautiful club & great DJs =)Big dance floor which opens up to the outside pool area so it's not stuffy/ stinky of cigarette smells. =)There are guest lists, you just need to know a promoter & you'll get in free =)
3	So many people told me what a great nightclub this was. Overall I wasn't impressed. The line to get in was huge but it was very well organized. What I didn't like was the bar area. It was extremely crowded. There were 3 problems. 1) There weren't enough bartenders. 2) The bartenders weren't taking people in order. I was stood near right up at the counter for a very long time before I got a manager to help me. 3) There weren't enough bar areas. A crowded club like that should have more.I might consider going there again but only if I get a table with bottle service. There are other night clubs I'd like to try out before that though.
3	Not so bad. The entrance looks like a hotel check-in. The security team here was cool, which is refreshing for a club on the strip. Usually security crew's think they are real cops with a Napoleon complex.It was a week day when I went, so it wasn't too crowded. Lil Jon was playing and he's a decent DJ. Since I'm a local and I usually avoid the strip, I was (as usual) SHOCKED when I was told it was $52 for a beer, wine, and a shot for the the birthday boy. This is why I stay away from the strip. Not that it is their fault - that's how they pay their rent. I wish clubs like this would offer local prices even when it comes to drinks. Because seriously we could just stash alcohol in our car and run in and out of the club. It's not like we're staying in a hotel and have no way to get more booze. Just a thought!Overall, compared to Haze, Tryst, ... (and all the other clubs I've been to but can't remember at the moment), this one was pretty decent. Moon is still my favorite, but XS wasn't bad.
5	Great club, got to see Redfoo of LMFAO guzzle Red Bull and vodka through a funnel. Vacation successful. Get here early!! It does get crowded.
5	Some friends and I went on a Sunday and we had an amazing time.  The place was done up super fancy, the crowd was enthusiastic, and some of us couldn't remember bits of the night afterward (always the hallmark of a great night out).  The music was almost exclusively techno/house music, which was fine (we were sloshed enough with alcohol that we probably could have danced to upbeat classical and been happy), but some variety would have been nice. PROS:*VERY pretty - it was very dark in there, but you could tell (and can tell from pictures) that the decor is very lively.  It was also pretty spacious, despite the mass of crowds there.*Sparkle from the sky! - every once in a while, they'd release big pieces of confetti from the ceiling, which was pretty nice.  Unfortunately it kind of got into our drinks, but that's what the straws are for!*Strong drinks - Maybe we just had strong-TASTING drinks, but I thought they were stronger than the average drink you'd get at open bar.  Which is what we did, because we didn't believe in buying drinks in Vegas.  *Good-looking people - always a plus.  If you MUST be involuntarily pressed against a stranger, it's best if the stranger is attractive, in my opinion.  Even better if the stranger has a fancy European accent.  Swoon.*Not too packed - the dance floor was pretty full, but people weren't actively shoving each other and more just squeezed through.  And there was enough room for my girlfriends and me to carve out our own little circle.  *Seating! (kind of) - there's some ledges between tables on the perimeter of the dance floor, and people didn't seem to mind when you sat on them.  Which is always nice after a few hours of dancing and  your feet are killing you. Some places, there's NO places to sit at all, it feels like.*Efficient lines in - the lines going in were very efficient, and although it was kind of long when we got there, we were in the club in 10 minutes.CONS:*Stairs - They're not big flights of stairs, more like two or three steps.  But when it's dark and you're tipsy and the strobe lights are kind of making you dizzy, I feel like people could possibly trip on them.*Slightly pissy bartender - Our bartender seemed to be in a bad mood, but since we only interacted with him for all of five minutes, and it was open bar, we couldn't really complain.  No tip that time though.Summary: Amazing nightclub if you want to have fun and dance and see beautiful people.  If the music isn't quite to your taste, make a beeline for the bar, take a drink, and repeat until it is =)
4	Marquee made me grateful I spent my birthday here at XS and not there. Was going to give this club 3.5-4 stars but after the disaster that was Marquee, I had to upp it up to a 4.5.Came Sunday on St. Patrick's day and got to see Red Foo of LMFAO. Music was on point and I'm a hip hop girl yet I was still having an amazing time. Ladies dress up! I was underdressed. I think I was the only one in shorts, a slutty top, and heels. Everyone looked like 10's in their million dollar hoochie dresses. We made friends with another birthday party and they were on the guestlist and asked the bouncer if we could join. XS didn't have a problem with more ladies at all and gave us all free drink vouchers! Now that's what I'm talking about. No cover either except for the one gentleman in our group. Also got to skip that long ass line. And the bouncers were super nice and even took photos for us.TIP TO LADIES WHO WEAR LOTS OF MAKEUP TO LOOK HAWT AND MISLEAD MENI got a noob bouncer who didn't believe it was me in my ID (I still have the vertical under 21 California ID) and was such a stupid about it. I even pulled my hair back like in the photo. The rest of my group got to go ahead and I had to wait for another bouncer to come over. The other bouncer comes over, takes one look at my ID, wishes me happy birthday, asks some questions, and apologizes for noob bouncers stupidity. Girl when you are a 5'8 thick asian/latina girl and the bouncer believes the ID is real but not you, you gotta be a little upset. Where else am I gonna find an asian mixed girl that looks like me with that height and weight?! I did not wait until I was 21 to go out, only to be doubted when I finally get to 21. lol waste of 10 minutes. Anyways I'm being a diva. But watch out and try to look like your ID ladies. They will kick you out if you don't know all the info on your ID, even if it is you. Good thing I still remembered my old address in SF, down to the zipcode...Anyways we get in and it's a beautiful club! It's huge and gorgeous and the outside was beautiful. It never got too crowded (cough cough Marquee), but yet I felt like there were a million people there! Smells a little raunchy though. Beautiful people who forgot their deodorant! lolThe bar is efficient. Expensive though! $23 for two bottles of water! Nearly passed out. I forgot what the birthday girl ordered us drinks wise but it was sort of weak. Yummy, but weak.You can literally dance and sit anywhere! On top of tables, on a raised pedastal with a stripper pole (which is where our group danced!), in the islands between the VIP section. No bouncers kicking you off anything. Amazing. My feet survived the whole night! I LOVE THIS CLUB JUST FOR THATI had a fantastic time at XS. I understand the hype. I still have to find the Vegas club that I fall in love with, but this club is a great option and I would go back again.
5	Probably my favorite vegas club so far. They get just as many big electronic artists as Marquee but it's less douchy, more fun, and cover is usually less. It's annoying that the headliner doesn't come on till after 1:30, but that's pretty typical in vegas.
3	Great place to dance and have a good time. BUT beware, it gets PACKED, cover gets doubled/tripled after certain hours, ppl will grope & pickpocket & drinks are overpriced. So once the whole crowd in line is allowed in, good luck trying to find a spot to dance on the dance floor. Great DJ guests however. So I guess that makes up for it. Unfortunately, I lost my cell phone there. Worse part of it, it was stolen by an employee who refused to turn it into Lost & Found [then again, who'd turn in an iPhone 4, right?]. Had to make police report and internal report with hotel security who told me "you waive your rights and liability once you leave the club so nothing can be done now." [gee, thanks, XS. Was I supposed to camp out there?]So far, the idiot who stole my phone hasn't gotten the point that it has a tracking software on it. Went from being pinned during after hours at XS to a neighborhood in Las Vegas. Now Im waiting for next location to be pinned to report back to LVPD. Other than losing my phone and dealing with horrible customer service, its an OK club if you don't mind large crowds, long lines, and possible employees jacking your stuff. [Whats the point of Lost & Found then?]
5	This club was amazing. The place was huge and also had an outdoor section with a pool. We had bottle service so we bypassed the huge line. But then there was another line for bottle service. Went by quickly though. Service was excellent and the waitresses and bartenders are some of the hottest women I've seen. Music was mostly euro/techno crap but after a few drinks we didn't care. Will.I.Am was a guest DJ so there was some hip hop towards the end of the night. All in all, it was an epic night!
5	Standing in line is poor. Get line passes and rock your best. Tons of bars means lots of not having to wait, which is great in Vegas. They have Blackjack and War, so sit, play and drink for free while you watch the 20 somethings make fool of themselves.
3	Came here for my 21st. Had really high expectations for the club considering the high ratings on Yelp.Was able to get in with 5 other of my girl friends for free. Would definitely recommend trying to get in touch with a promoter! We got free drinks as well. However the bartender took forever to get to us and make our drinks. But it was free so I can't complain too much.The club is packed packed packed. Hardly any room on the dance floor, everyone is squished together. Even outside was packed.I was surprised at how many older people were at the club. Most guys seemed like in their very late 20s or early 30's. Wasn't expecting that.DJ: Casette was fun! Really wished Vegas clubs now a days played SOME hip hop. Very nice restrooms!
5	XS is by far one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now. I went here on a Friday night, and the experience was absolutely amazing. I arrived there with my girlfriend around 11:15am. We hadn't purchased tickets ahead of time and consequently had to wait in the normal line for about 1 - 1.5 hours. Cover was $50 for guys, and $20 for girls, but it was so worth it. I would definitely recommend buying tickets ahead of time if you can; you get to skip the huge normal line and go right to the front with a ~5 - 10 minute wait.The club was super packed inside and consequently insane. I bought 2 AMF's, which were $17 each and pretty strong (a good thing if you're paying $17 for a drink...). Hard Rock Sofa was playing that night and everyone was super into the music, fist pumping, and having a good time. If you're in Vegas and in need of some good clubbing action with some loud EDM, be sure to check out XS. It's a must.Tip: buy tickets online to avoid waiting 1 - 1.5 hours!
4	For other EDM Fanatics coming to XS purely for the DJs: Did some yelpers just say David Guetta was one of the best DJ's in the world? Someone say "Casette" instead of Cazzette? Yeah that's the kind of crowd you'll find here. Venue: Really beautiful in terms of the design of the club with many indoor/outdoor bars. However if we're talking about venue space.......XS itself is big, but the indoor area is TINY compared to the giant outdoor pool area in the back. Especially that walkway they call the dance floor. I say this because there are only 2 tiny side doors to go outside, or you have to walk through the dance floor to exit. Not gonna happen let me tell you. And of course they pack as many people into the club as possible so every walkway has a giant traffic jam that will take you 15 mins to literally FIGHT your way through. Vegas clubs can never compare to IBIZA.  Dance Floor: NO DANCING! I repeat, you will NOT be dancing. But you'll definitely be fighting with the drunk guy and/or girl in front of you for pushing and shoving. I've seen way too many trashed people throw down on here. For example one time a guy knocked a girl's drink out of her hand and her boyfriend punched the other guy! All the drunk frat bros are literally shoulder-to-shoulder that they can't contain their testosterone. Outside: The pool area is actually really nice in the summer if you wanna get away from the dance floor. And this is probably the only area you can probably have a good time dancing. If you're here in the winter time, beware! Even with small heat lamps it'll still be deathly cold outside. I learned this the hard way. :( Crowd: XS definitely has more old people...late 30s to 40s and 50s (especially the guys) probably because they can afford the $75 cover charge and buy tables. Salt n peppa haired Sugar Daddies everywhere for you to choose from. Price: Overpriced, but it's Vegas what else do you expect.Overall: I've had good and bad experiences. It all really depends if you're a part of the drunk people or not.
5	This place never disappoints me. Great atmosphere and love the the entire lay out of the club.  I love how we can get our feet wet in the pool and get some fresh air near the pool before heading back into the dance floor like sweaty pigs. We got an outdoor table right in front of the pool, facing the dancefloor on a crowded Saturday night. But the service was great here. From the guy that walked us to our table, to the guy who bused our table. Me and my friends were coming back and forth from the dancefloor, to our table, and then the to war  and blackjack tables. There was just a variety of things to do for everyone. We had one friend who wanted to dance all night, another that wanted to drink goose all night, and one that just wanted to gamble all night. So it really met the needs of everyone in the group. This is definitely the place to be !
4	I went on a really, really, insanely crowded night and had too-high hopes for this place. I really expected it to be 5-star worthy because of all the insanely good reviews but I found it to be a liiiiiiiiiiiiiiittle disappointing. Still had an amazing time though, and it really was an awesome place! First off, it was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. I was expecting it to be as huge and open as Surrender, since it's in such close vicinity. I happen to still like Surrender better for that very reason. The night I went to XS, David Guetta performed so naturally the dance floor was beyond packed. I was so squished but it all was totally 100% worth it. I stepped outside for a bit, which was also insanely crowded but it was a really nice set up. The outside area was really cool, we still danced around a ton outside and it was much roomier than the inside dance floor. There's a ton of walk ways surrounding the dance floor where people ended up crowding and dancing because the dance floor was so packed. Regardless I had a great time that night and these are just little complaints about the place itself but nothing that stopped me from having a phenomenal time!Bathrooms are great, and that's a big deal for me. Perfect spot to take thousands of pics.Definitely recommend XS when you're looking for a gooooood night out in Vegas, one of the best clubs out there for sure
5	BEST club in vegas in my opinion.  Always pack and an attractive crowd.  Table service is great and table locations are great.  Bottle prices are standard Vegas prices but if you're there you should be expecting to spend the money.  Tables sit a good amount of people and have good space!  Great party atmosphere.  The staff is great here and the bouncers are cool.  Enjoy your time here and get ready to rage!!!
5	The sickest club in Vegas.  I've seen Skrillex, Afrojack, Calvin Harris, and Deadmau5 all here.  Yes, lines can be long, but as others have mentioned pre-sale tickets are the way to go.  They will, at the very least, significantly shorten the wait if you show during prime time (11:00 -1:00).  Although, last time I came here we made the mistake of showing up last minute, no pre sales, and the line was looonnnng.   We were able to pay a promoter-type guy ($40) who was pacing up and down the ridiculously long line playing on his phone, and he escorted us to the front.  However, because Calvin Harris was playing that night, they were still charging a $75 entry fee for guys and some cover charge for girls, too.  Whatever, it's Vegas.  Once you're in though, it's on: this place has got some serious atmosphere.  Definitely filled past capacity even though it's huge, and pretty chaotic at times, but if you're not uptight and know how to have fun (like me) then you will have a blast.  I've spent many memorable evenings here with my fiance and my girls, and no other club compares to it.  Not San Diego's, not Hollywood's, not even Spain's.  Enjoy!
1	Went to XS tonight as I usually do given that I live in Las Vegas. Bought a entrance pass. Got in through the front for a bit when I was grabbed on the shoulder and asked to leave. I asked why and the bouncer responded with a screaming tone, "I don't have to tell you why. Get out now". I am a 31 year old male with proper ID presented at the front before entering in. I don't do nor carry drugs. I dressed appropriately and have never been hassled at a club before. If you have an option, try Marquee or the new club Hakkasan at MGM because you might end up wasting cover charges at XS!!
5	Best. Night. EVER!!!!  This was my first time in Vegas - so don't laugh if this review is ridiculous hahaha.Girlfriend and I were approached by a promoter on the strip Monday morning...had no idea what craziness we were in store for...Took a taxi to Encore around 11PM, Drew (promoter) gave us a free drink ticket to get a small mixed drink at the bar right outside XS.  Since we got there before midnight, the bouncers also gave us 2 more free drink tickets for when we got inside XS.  We walked in with Drew and 2 other girls he had "scouted" 10-15min later and sat down at a table with about 8-10 other ladies...it was so weird.  A bunch of suited up male promoters just kind of stood around guarding us - we def joked around that they were gonna start auctioning us off soon...They started off with buckets of free Moet...no joke.  Like the cheap Asian in me was about to start crying.  I felt classy as balls.  Then they brought a bunch of carafes of mixers but we wanted to go dance so the four of us girls went to the bar to get our free drinks.  The bartender was super friendly and quick, and glasses were durable plastic, so I didn't feel awkward bringing it on the dancefloor.  We went and danced for a while, ran to the bathroom (which is SOOO pretty - love the lit up mirrors), got another drink, danced for a bit and then went back to our table.Waiting for us when we arrived.....GREY GOOSE!  God I think I drank more than my rent costs that night - for free ninety nineeeee!!  Morgan Page was DJing - HE WAS AMAZING!  He seemed like he had a great time on stage, and was super friendly when we briefly got to meet him after his set.  They threw out these awesome flashing light sticks, tons of confetti, and overall made the night an experience I will never forget!  People were actually really nice on the dancefloor - no pushing or random guys surprise grinding up on you and it was easy to get to the front of the stage.The place started emptying out around 4am-ish.  Also, maybe this is a Monday night thing - but there were so many pockets of really old men!  I mean, like 50-60 year old salt and pepper hair old....some of them were kind of gross but most of them were respectful!  tldr; if you're a young, semi-attractive (god that makes me sound so douchey) girl - try to find a promoter that will get you free bottle service and a table...a must go if you're in Vegas!
4	i was here on 7th April.. Red foo was here... tips dress like you are going to an upscale event. I was about to denied for my shoes but a little talk and confidence helped me. I saw many girls denied but as a brown man i feel like VIP after getting in.It is really a high class club and with $25 entry fee it is a must go... drinks are pricey but you don't want to look cheap so go for at least 2.Not a place for game if you don't have bottle service or you are hot like brad...
4	Both time I have been here, I have had an AMAZING time! The dance floor was always packed, the drinks were strong (and pricey- but it's Vegas, what do you expect??), and the DJs were raging!  The most recent time I went, I danced myself into major cramping- did not know you can get cramps from dancing.  Maybe I'm just getting old :'(  My only complaint was the guest list. Husband and I called twice- both times confirmed on the club's guest list.  But when we get there, no go- they tell us we're not on the list. Apparently, we should have asked for the name of the person we spoke to- even though we called the number listed on their own website and neither time did the person gave us their freaking name nor told us we needed that info for the guest list (No, no, you're totallllllly on the list- don't worry about it lol!). Lesson learned: get the names of every single person you speak to about getting in so you hopefully don't get screwed over. As irritating as that experience was though, the club itself more than makes up for it- I highly recommend coming here!
4	$35 non locals, $21 drinks (double shot though black label on the rocks) Lmfao was there and it was popping. Champagne showers all over the main dance floor. Free shots for some girls in front. Lots of classy only look no dance girls every where. This place could use another room with different music.
5	XS IS SERIOUSLLLLYYY MY FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS SO FAR!! :DEvery time I make a Vegas trip, I always have to save a day for XS :D.First time in Vegas: XS, Sunday night, David Guetta was performingMy 3 girlfriends and I were on the guest list so we went into a separate line (I always feel like such a princess when I'm in Vegas haha!) Once we got into the club, I was so amazed with everything! We sat down and guys were already approaching us with cranberry volka and red bull volka. Yummmm! I'm not going to lie, but that stripper pole is amazing!! Especially because it got really crowded that night because it was the Sunday of labor day weekend. It was so crowded that I was not able to walk anywhere so my friends and I danced at the stripper pole area. These guys approached us to join their VIP table and of course we said yes. :). I had an amazing time! XS always treats me right!Second time in Vegas: Friday night, April 5th, 2013. David Guetta was also performing.It was a lot less crowded this time. I was able to get onto the dance floor to see David Guetta up close! It was a wonderful experience. :). What I really like about XS is the pool area. I love how they open the pool so we can soak our feet in it. Come on girls! Being able to take off your heels and soaking them in water feels so good! XS usually only have an all girls guest list, so make sure your guy friends buy presale tickets to skip the crazy long line! Oh XS also gives girls on the guest list a free complimentary drink! :D
5	I go to vegas 3 or 4 times a year and I have been to most clubs/lounges/pool parties. This is the best club in vegas right now. Better than Marquee in my opinion. It is so huge and so much fun. They play mostly house music which is awesome and the crowd is just unbelievable. I have never seen more beautiful people in my life in one club, men and women. Everyone is dressed nice. Its a good mix too unlike Tao which has all asian girls and black guys. I am not being racist, it's just the damn truth and I am very observant. So yeah, XS has good looking people and so much variety. I even saw a 60 year old asian lady who could have been my mom rocking out. If that's not awesome, I don't know what is.
4	Xs is very chic,offers a great vibe and attracts some of the best looking people in town.I am a big fan of the pool area, where it's nice to mix and socialize but still get the feel of the music. Best nightclub in Vegas, although I haven't done hakasan yet. Downsides, if the clubs want to get the world wide status they deserve, then they need to adapt their culture.Super rude security, excessive amounts of hosts, lines after lines, gender preference. It's simple if you are dressed right your in and if your not your not. I understand they want rich guys in to book the tables and then let the girls in free to entertain them, which to me just creates a first class brothel.
4	Fun club.  Great outdoor space with blackjack tables and outdoor bar! Complaint - the hosts outside are rude, asking people to move here and there while they wait - separate hosts do not communicate, we'd tell one guy one thing and he'd tell us to wait in one place and then the next host would make us move until we repeatedly told him what we told the first host.
4	It's been two years in the making, but I'm glad XS was able to redeem itself. I'm always up for a good redemption story, and XS makes for a pretty good one. Two years ago, I came on a cold February night with shitty music and an annoyingly packed house. Two years later, I came on a balmy April night with still shitty music and also a packed house, but ironically had a much better time. Funny how that works, eh? XS Nightclub is a swanky outdoor/indoor nightclub located at the Encore, right adjacent to the Wynn. Ahem, be aware that the bouncers and security in general at the Wynn hotels are extremely strict, and nothing but a legitimate ID can placate them. I'll leave it at that. The space at XS is pretty well allocated. My favorite part is the outdoor pool area, which is generously spacious with cabanas, huge pools, palm trees, skyscrapers, and the Vegas night sky. The bar area is extremely humongous, which makes for waiting for drinks a rather pleasant experience. Wide open spaces is a good thing. The inside of the night club is pretty large as well, but with small walkways and a slow stampede of people, it does get crowded. Depending on the night, the dance floor can get to the point of human sardines, so be aware. Your best bet is booking (or finding, if you're with a party of girls) a table to sit with for the most comfortable and spacious experience. My only gripe is their music for the majority of the night was a horribly atrocious mix of house music and EDM beats. I've never felt lulled to sleep at a night club of all places, but I was thisclose to dozing off, until about 3 or 4 AM when Steve Angello of Swedish House Mafia came on. Ironically, their music is also excruciatingly loud...to the point of being deafening. I sound like a grandma but rest assured that this information is indeed factual. Other than that, I'm glad I had a pleasant experience at XS this time around. I was seriously beginning to doubt the quality of clubs in Vegas. I say, XS has the grounds, the star appeal, and the potential to be a super hip nightclub... It just needs to lose some of their shady@$$ money-hungry "promoters," their crappy house DJ's, and the like. Oh, and their Kamikaze shots are the bee's knees. Can't say the same for their cheap Vodka.
5	XS, XS, XS. I just can't get enough of you. This is definitely the best nightclub I've ever been to. Everything from the pool to the stage to the people screams gorgeous - it's the pinnacle of everything Vegas, complete with the top DJs in the world spinning here multiple nights a week. Everyone that I've ever encountered here is always in a great mood, has high energy levels, and always looks like they're having the time of their life, as people should be when they're in Vegas. Definitely THE best nightclub to visit when you're in Vegas.
4	Note: As a freestyle dancer, I look and rate clubs a LOT differently than most people do. The quality of the music, peoples' willingness to dance and not care what anyone thinks, and the size of the dance floor are the most important things to me. If you want a review for someone who prioritizes these key points, keep reading. Atmosphere: Being a Vegas club, all the people here are dressed to impress. Girls look great and (most) are fine with coming down to the dance floor and showing what they got. Nothing too crazy (dancing wise), but they are willing to dance with pretty much anyone that is confident enough to approach them. Dance circles are not happening here (comments below about the floor size), but people channel the Vegas vibe of not caring about what anyone thinks when they dance.XS has an amazing outdoor venue that pictures don't too justice. Nice to go out there after you have met new people and have a really conversation.Dance Floor: Size of the dance floor is the one week point of XS. It's not the smallest I've seen, but barely gives enough room to dance around besides the standard fist pumping.Price: Go with a promoter and prepare to pay a good amount of $$$ to get in if you're a guy (yay penis tax)! I've never done the normal line, but have paid a good amount to walk right in without waiting in line. Personally, I think it's worth it to make sure you get in and don't have to worry about waiting in line. Music Quality: XS brings only the top names in the Electronic music scene. I've seen both Porter Robinson and Martin Solveig live and their sets were some of the best I have ever seen, especially amplified by the AMAZING sound quality. XS has the best sound in a venue I have ever heard. Be it right in the front, in the back of the dance floor, or even outside near the pool, regardless of where you are at the club the music is not distorted in the slightest.Overall Thoughts: Though lacking space to actually dance and a lack of people willing to participate in dance circles, XS is still my favorite club I have been to so far. People here are willing to get out of their comfort zone and have fun, which is key to making a club stand out among the crowd. If you're prepared to pay top dollar, XS is the one club in Vegas you can't miss.
5	Saw Avicii on a Friday night and he was awesome.Loved this place.Great music, great crowd, clean pool, small dance floor.
5	I've had the chance to visit Hakkasan and XS this past weekend and let me tell you that XS completely blows it out of the water on almost every level.  Sure Hakkasan has exclusive contracts with deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris but XS' 2013 residency lineup is nothing to scoff at: Porter Robinson, Knife Party, Avicii, Steve Angello, Eric Prydz, Afrojack, etc.   But an amazing club experience from a consumer's standpoint is more than just who comes on the decks at 1:30AM.  There are a plethora of factors, both tangible and intangible, that these new clubs neglect that ultimately leads me to the conclusion that XS remains the best club in Las Vegas over Hakkasan and Marquee.  Here are a few reasons:1) Hakkasan should be renamed Hakkastairs due to the massive amount of stairs that you cannot avoid and you MUST take to even get into the main dance floor.  This is also a major problem with Marquee's presale line as you HAVE to walk up like 10 flights of stairs to get to the main dance floor.  Have fun with that in your 5 inch heels ladies.2) No outdoor patio area?!?!  Is this real life?  No pool? What is this 2006?3) No gambling section?!?  No water fountain??  No I don't want to pay 9 dollars for your bottle of water.  And give me the option to play blackjack and lose $1000 but at least I get a couple free drinks.4) With XS and Marquee, when you have a presale ticket, you never have to wait more than 10-15 minutes.   Hakkasan's presale line took approximately 1 hour. 5) No re-entry stamps at Hakkasan....seriously?  But what if its just me and a couple of my guy friends and we get there at 9:00PM just to get stamps with the intention of coming back at a more reasonable Vegas club time at 11:30ish?  6) Hakkasan was such a letdown that my friends and I left before the headliner even came on.  Hakkasan is like a nicer marquee (inside only as there is no outside to hakkasan).  To Hakkasan's credit, they have a very spacious dance floor and their production value of their lights and lazers is unmatched but a club experience is more than that and XS beats Hakkasan down badly when it comes to every other relevant factor7) I've heard that Hakkasan charges 43% on top of your table minimum... Now I see how they are paying abnormally above market prices for deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris.  This is absurd.Unfortunately the hype for Hakkasan was too big since it was supposed to be the XS killer but just like Marquee, they both fall very short of the top tier in which XS stands alone.Now we get to see Light take its shot on Memorial Weekend.TLDR; Hakkasan was overhyped and I was very underwhelmed.  XS remains the best nightclub hands down for a variety of factors.
5	Came here for Sunday night swim.Had a great time... Girls were friendly, most were attractive and outgoing. Next time I will bring some board shorts with to take a swim...having the BJ tables outside was a nice touch as well. Overall a great experience.
2	This was my girlfriend's first trip to Vegas, and we did extensive research into the hotels, nightclubs and restaurants.  So many nightclub reviews compared their club to XS, that we figured XS had to be one of the places to check out.  We went on a Friday night.We ended up eating at Wynn, so we were already there.  Got in line early, around 10ish.  First, they pulled us off the main line to let us get in express - she looked fantastic and while I always thing I just look like a baboon with a suit on, she told me it was partially because of me, too.  So, first piece of advice, dress to the nines.The first problem though is after we got pulled off, we were told my girlfriend could get in for free, but I had to pay.  No problem with that, so we get out of the express line to go to the girls in for free line, but then we were told (after we already got out of line) the girls getting in for free have to go in through separate entrances - meaning I would have had to leave her alone for god knows how long while I waited in line.  Why in the world would you do that Wynn?  What would be wrong with either letter her in without paying in the main line, or letting me go with her and I'll just pay?  We thought that was really messed up, and rather then get separated, she decided she'd just pay the cover.  Thankfully, one of the security people let us right back to the front of the cover charge line and we got in fairly quickly.I'll admit that if I was only reviewing our first 60-90 minutes, this place would get a 4 (and would have gotten a 5 if not for the issue above).  It is beautiful.  Dance floor is a bit small, but the club opens up to the pool outside, and it was a mid April evening and it was beautiful.  I really liked it at first.  The second problem though was once they started packing it in.  Saying it was like sardines doesn't do it justice.  Sardines are each given their own condos compared to how packed they filled this place.  And while my girlfriend and I try to be respectful of all of the people jammed together, and just dance with short moves, the idiots in this place were still dancing as if they had the whole floor to themselves.  I can't tell you how many people I had to shove off of us.Like you'll see in many reviews, I am sure if we had a VIP table, it would have been a different experience, but we didn't have the money to spend.Last problem was the music.  It was all house.  I know that's what people want, and that's fine, but I just don't get it.  I go to clubs that mix in some house, but play heavy top 40, hip hop, etc, and everyone is dancing, singing along, and having a great time.  Maybe I'm just getting too old (35), but I just hated the music here.  Personal preference, I know, and most Vegas goers love it, but it wasn't for us.So while I am happy we checked it out, I wouldn't go back.  We left here and went to Act and had a MUCH better time, and the following night (Saturday) we went to Voodoo at the Rio and had a blast.  Just don't see what the big deal is with XS.
4	XS is one of the best clubs in Vegas because the venue is so beautiful and it just has one huge dance floor in front of the stage. I do prefer Marquee more but this place is also a great place to listen to DJs and dance the night away. You walk in and you just see the huge stage completely lit up. It is quite amazing. That night Steve Aoki was going to perform so the crowd was even bigger than usual on a Monday night. It was a bit empty at 11pm since he was going to go on until 1am or so so in the meantime the girls can get drinks from tables and guys can creep on others. But man, when Steve Aoki came out, the place went crazyyyyy and everyone was really enjoying themselves. He was crowd surfing and he sure knows how to give a show.This club does not have a huge patio like Marquee so there are even fewer places to rest. I luckily found a spot to rest more abused feet in the back where the tall pillars are. There is enough space for a small group to sit so I was thankful for that. When Turbulence came on, I just popped right back up and stood on top of the block thing so I could see the performance. It was still tons of fun :)I went to XS on a Sunday and decided to do the night swim because how often can you go in the pool at nighttime right? Girls just wore cover up dresses and you can rent a bag near the pool for $10 which is not bad at all compared to $40 at the day club. So about 40% the people are in the pool, the rest are all dressed up and purty. I have a feeling the hotter guys were all dressed up because the pool area wasnt so hawt. Girls beware, if you are near the front closest to the dj, they will start splashing at the drop and your face my fall off. Obviously people lounge around and throw beach balls but other than that, you dont really dance in the water. There is a small jacuzzi area that is really really warm if your heart desires. It was a cool experience but Id much rather get all dolled up and go out in a dress.**TIPS**1) You have to check out XS when you are in Vegas. This is what real clubbing is like.2) If you do night swim, it is only on Sundays and you can rent a locker to put your shiz in.3) Enjoy!
4	This was the most fun I've had in a while! I'm knocking off one star because we had to wait in line even though we purchased pre sale tickets online, the pre sale tickets had to be printed,  the staff was rude, and the crowd was out of control and pushy at times. There were a wide range of age groups at this club. There were some kids that looked like high schoolers as well as some older people that looked like they were in their 50s or 60s. I bought pre sale tickets the day of the show at http://xs.wantickets.com on Sunday night to see Red Foo from LMFAO. Tickets were $40 including the service charge for guys and $30 including the service charge for girls. I think the price depends on who is playing. Before we went in, they gave us all Party Rocking black framed glasses which were fun and cool. The stage is pretty small so we were able to get pretty close. There is a small gap between the stage and the pool however and people push you even though you have nowhere to go. Hok from So You Think You Can Dance was there and Lil Jon showed up as well! They shot inflatable zebras, confetti, and streamers into the crowd. There were also laser lights and they sprayed everyone with champagne during the song "Champagne Showers" which was hilarious. Before we left, we sat in the booths inside outside the bathroom for a few seconds until a guy who worked there came up to us and told us to stand up. I didn't understand why all these booths had to be empty. Despite the rude staff and pushy crowd though, it was a fun night. :)
5	Want to have a guaranteed good time in Vegas?XS is where it is at.Rotating resident DJs that know how to throw together an energetic set. Both an Indoor and outdoor venue so you can both dance hard or chillax hard to your preference.I've noticed all the Vegas night and day club reviews on Yelp are pretty accurate. There is a reason why XS is trailblazing.
5	I cannot NOT write a review update for XS every time I pay a visit in Vegas!We went here because my group of friends really like this club and it is my favorite on the strip! Oh and of course because they had Steve Angelo playing on the night we went!Just a little tip for the guys! Get your tickets ahead of time especially if they have some big name DJ spinning for the night! You'd probably pay more at the door! Lines at XS can get really long, but it ALWAYS moves fast! The dance floor can get really packed but XS is pretty spacious and there's always the outside area! There is a bar out there as well, so you don't have to squeeze your way through the bar indoors! The atmosphere outside is nice, and it's what sets this club apart from the others on the strip!5/5 Recommended!
5	fuck yes!(that is all that needs to be said of this establishment)
2	Hmm I was disappointed. It smelt of feet and the music wasn't great at all but maybe I went on a bad night. Blonde barmaid is super quick and efficient though, never waited more than a minute for a drink!
5	AH-MAY-ZING!Lemme hear that again?AHHHH MAAYYYY ZINGGGGG!!!!My first experience here was honestly not that great, but we stayed mostly indoors. This time, my group and I took a long walk all around this spacious, beautiful club and enjoyed the sights and music. Bathrooms (CLEAN!) are conveniently located both inside and outside, making it easy to run over there once the seal has broken. Tables were wide and spacious, and the benches/mats set into the pool were wonderful. Once your feet are tired, taking a dip and dancing in the water is fun too. Just don't dive in, as you will be escorted out by the bouncers. Music is wonderful--I rarely have a bad night when it comes to music at XS. Poles are located inside to twirl around if you got the skills (but please don't if you don't know how...you'll just embarass yourself). I came for Afrojack and he blew my mind! Amazing DJ, chilling by the pool with my (watered down) drink, and watching pretty visuals on the screens outside was just great. Overall, a wonderful experience. The dance floor (especially in the middle) is a sausage fest though (shirtless men walking around trying to grind you UGHHHH) so do be wary.
5	Favorite night club in Vegas by far. +1 star for the sheer atmosphere... beautiful people+1 outdoor/indoor space. Pool...bar in pool...awesome. +1 for artists that come to XS. Got to see one of my faves Afrojack. Good times!+1 cool decor and lighting. Great sound all around the venue+1 for nice staff and locationYou really can't go wrong with coming here. Sure, like any Vegas club it will get crowded especially on the weekends but it's posh. People mostly dressed to the nines all having a great time. Music is always on par and if you're lucky to see an artist/DJ there it's sure to be a blast. Whether you want to jam indoor or outdoor it's a great spot. The lighting and atmosphere of the place is amazing. They really did a nice job with this place. Highly recommended for your Vegas visit.
2	Our group was separated and while we were trying to figure out what's going on and figure out a way to get in (half of us were already in, but the other half was 10 min late) we were shuffled from one line to the next, one hallway to the other.  But the cherry on top was a napoleon syndrome bouncer man that literally wanted me to stand on the other side of him while we were all trying to have a conversation.  He was very rude, saying to my friend, "your friend is about to get herself kicked out in a minute" referring to me.  I hate people with a tiny bit of authority power tripping/bullying people and will never come back to this place on principal.  Hakasan is way better anyway.I'm only adding a star (for a total of 2) because its actually a nice set up and pretty fun usually.
5	I LOVE this club! It is beautiful and huge. There is plenty of room to dance and people watch. The bathroom is big too so no lines! The DJ was Afrojack so hello I had fun!
4	came on a night Afrojack was spinning.expensive, next time i'm coming with an all-girls groupPros:-great dance floor, beautiful clean club, great music, drinks delivered to you on the dance floor, and the girl is so honest she comes back to give you change, young clienteleCons:-crowded AF. there was this guy about to puke near/on us, but theres no where to run! because you are stuck inside a gridlock of human bodiesin retrospect, i would come in very early with a group of girls on a night where a less popular dj is spinning.  the crowd was just too much though.
2	I went for a 21st bday celebration with bottle service. It wasn't ready yet, so we had to wait around. Eventually they let us know there's still people there and we'd have to share. Um, okay? The guy attending us was probably new or has no idea how to handle table a party. Definitely not a great first impression. My friends and I didn't enjoy the music at all and we left around 3 after giving up on trying to enjoy ourselves.I like to give things a second chance, but I'm not coming back any time soon or eager to return.
5	This place was the shit - best place we went to the entire weekend.  It was the last of three we went to that night... you usually save the best for last, right?  However, there isn't really any room to sit unless 1.) you have a table 2.) know someone who has a table, or 3.) make friends with someone who does.  By the time we got there (past 2am) I was already a bit tired of the EDM so overplayed at most night clubs, but DJ Warren Peace kept it exciting and even played some trap music later on.  The huge screen behind the DJ booth was a main focus.  The venue itself was lavish and pretty huge, but we didn't go out to the back.I can't say how much admission and drinks are, we got in through a promoter -- which is how I would recommend getting in.If you're looking for a real Vegas night club, this is definitely one of the spots you have to hit up.
5	Beautiful view, classy design and only top notch people are allowed in. They definitely have this place well-maintanened and it's still the most upscale nightclub on the strip.  There are also more places to sit down to take a break around the pool areas. The security and staff there are professional and very polite.  Compared to Marquee, the bar drinks are much less diluted (although still nowhere near professional bartender level of details and attention but I don't think the people there care too much).  Overall we had a lot of fun there and really enjoyed the ambience and setup there. Highly recommended.
2	Eh? This place is definitely nice and the pool outside makes this area a good place to chill after dancing, but the long line and entrance fee are definitely not worth it.  Go to a club where the line isn't as long and hang out with your friends because if you go during memorial weekend, the guys better have money or else they won't get in.
4	I had my Bachelor's party at Club XS this past weekend (May 17-19). My buddy set up bottle service for Saturday, May 18th and we arrived around 10:15, waited in line for about 45 minutes, and were told they had no tables left unless we wanted to pay for another bottle. We were pissed, naturally, but the Manager did give us discounted covers ($20 a pop, for a group of 6 guys) So we took him up on that offer and entered Club XS.Amazing spot. Right when you walk in you're going down a ramp toward the main dance floor and to your left and right are bars that weren't too crowded. I read reviews of people saying they couldn't get a drink, I didn't think it was a too crowded, and I went during the Summer, on a Saturday night, with DJ Dirty South spinning. It wasn't like you walked right up, but I didn't feel the wait was anything crazy. However, I've been to other clubs and know what to expect. $17 for a Long Island, ha ha, Pay to play! The restrooms are nice, the outside area is HUGE. I mean, HUGE. There is a pool, and an upstairs area, and spot to gamble, etc. The inside was smaller than I thought it would be, and the outside was larger than I thought it would be. The inside dance floor was too small and crowded, I must say. But there was plenty of space outside. I just wanted to be on the main floor with the DJ. All in all, aside from getting dicked around by Management and trying to get us to buy more bottles (even though we already reserved a week in advance) I still had a great time and will be coming back at least once more.
5	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas and I try to take my out of town friends here as often as possible when they are in the mood for clubbing. I've always have a great time here myself. I love the beautiful indoors/outdoors space (important when it's ridiculously crowded and I'm feeling clustrophobic) and love the DJs here for the majority of nights.
1	The promoter told us that we'd be able to get in to XS after Tryst and when we walked over to XS to inquired about the entrance the bouncer was VERY rude to us. He yelled at us and told us to get out of the line. We weren't speaking to him in a mean way; there was no reason to his demeanor. He was just being an a$$. When we spoke to the promoter, he tried to back him up and apologize but in my opinion, if a nightclub is to be classy then the staff would represent that as well.
5	I've been reviewing this place for years and yes, I have tried a few other clubs here and there, but still, XS can not be topped, in any shape or form. Marquee comes as a close second though. I made another video where 80% of the footage comes from XS, you can check out all of the previous ones from my previous XS reviews as well. Well, here it is. Enjoy!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVsUb5vHFeE
5	Out of the clubs I went to for my first time (memorial day weekend) XS was by far my favorite club!!! It was MD weekend, so it was crazy packed but I knew what I was getting myself into when I planned that weekend.I went on Saturday may 25th, when afrojack was there. And man, I'm not a huge Edm fan but it's fun just to dance crazy with the music and not worry of gross guys trying to dance hella dirty with you. Anyways, i bumped into a friend on the plane who had a table for that night so we joined in his group. My girlfriends & I showed up before him but getting into the line was a breeze. Maybe it's because we were girls? Anyways nice and beautiful staff! XS seriously made my weekend! Beautiful venue and beautiful people! I recommend getting a table (or joining? Lol) if you can. Because standing/dancing all night will make your feet hurt like a beezy (girl or not)
3	Visited XS for Memorial Day weekend.  Me and a group of frriends all bought tickets to see Afrojack but all we could see is the back of him. We didn't even get inside the nightclub portion because a security guard at the door said it was at capacity. I bought a ticket to see Afrojack, not to just here his music and walk around a park. We finally made our way into the club and were impressed but felt we were mislead that most of our time was spent in the park OUTSIDE of the actual venue.
5	For my second ever time in Vegas, went to XS again on a Friday night for Above and Beyond's first night of residency at Encore.  It was AWESOME!  I love that they always throw out those light sticks - such a fun thing to wave around and a cute souvenir of the night!The pool part was actually open this time - walking through the outdoor area was realllllllly nice and way less crowded than inside.  Especially the bar.Found out that free tables for ladies from promoters are more of a Monday night thing (at least at XS and Marquee), so for cute girls (ugh sorry again for the douchiness) plan your Vegas trip around a Monday!  It's so worth it!  We only got 1 free drink ticket this time since it was Friday, and no table service :(  But again, (douchedouchedouche) if you put in the effort to look hot, walking around the table areas should get you invited into one of them - look for bachelor parties!!!  Hahaha shameless.  But seriously, be careful please!  I always make one of the guys pouring the drinks have a gulp of mine before I start.  BE SAFE KIDS!!!
5	WOW! this venue was spectacular! the lines were short even though we got there a bit late! they gave all the girls complimentary drink cards and we had no problems going in. we literally only waited for 4 mins and we were in right away! i like how the venue is indoor/ outdoor! the best thing about this place is that you can go into the pool and dance! it's a nice feeling to take your heels off and just dance in the water! i had so much fun here with my friends and i would def. go back! the only thing that sucks is that if it gets too crowded on the dance floor the bouncers won't let you thru but it's better that why because there is no way i wouldn't want to feel SQUISHED.
4	EPIC...OK, I know that one word reviews are frowned upon so I guess I will elaborate.  We came here to see Calvin Harris and the venue did not disappoint.  We are not Vegas rookies so we looked over our checklist...1. More females than males in the group...Check!2. More clothes on the 2 dudes than on all the females combined...Check!3. Early arrival...Check!4. More females than males in the group...yep, still a Check!!  5. Pre-flights complete...Check6. Group text of Hotel address and room number...Check Tickets in hand, we took to the club!  What an experience.  The music was amazing, the vibe was all energy and the scene was...EPIC!!!  Plenty of bars, the drinks were standard Vegas pricing...way too much for not much drink...the dance floor was small but the club is sooooo big when you include the pool area and the music is all around so you can party just about anywhere you want!!  The only bad part of my experience was my fault...I broke a cardinal rule and allowed the ladies to do the group bathroom thing which left my hommie and I outside alone...they decided to stay in the club and as expected...when we tried to get in, the bouncer looked at the two of us and said...sorry, capacity crowd...then proceeded to let a group of 5 lone ladies in as he pushed us aside....errrrr!!!  Never split up the group!!  The ladies came out to continue partying in the pool area so we continued to have a great time!!
5	XS Nightclub is worth checking out at least once. It's one of the prettiest nightclubs on the Vegas Strip. It's too bad that the dance floor area is small and gets packed fairly quickly. At least it opens up to an outdoor patio and pool area where you can order drinks and hang out. The patio also gives you nice views of the Wynn hotel. The layout of the entire club as well as the interior design is very posh. I purchased a shot from a cocktail waitress, and it tastes great too. They also have chairs in the patio area where you can sit down. The indoor area is tiny, but at least the outdoor area is very spacious and you don't have to worry about it getting too crowded outdoors. Like with all Vegas nightclubs, always get there as early as possible.
5	I have been going to this club ... almost everytime I'm in Vegas! (once a month) I'm always impressed by the DJ's and also the atmosphere of it all - just people having fun and a really big dance floor!
5	This place kicks ass!!! Went there last night and this place has an awesome crowd, bombastic beats, 3:1 girl to guy ratio and top tier Djs!We stayed at the Wynn hotel and got in the club with no hassle or waiting (no other way to go, in case you need to crawl back to your room). We got a table with friends, but I'll tell you that all the action happens on the dance floor. Avicii rocked the place!Case in point, Encore Beach Club by day, XS by night! You won't regret it. Money back guarantee - ha/ha!
5	This really isn't based on a recent visit, but I've been there a ton and just really wanted to give you guys an A+/high five/gold star/pat on the back.  You all really know how to do it right in the clubs at Wynn/Encore.Gorgeous atmosphere, great DJs.  Just overall a perfect atmosphere and my favorite Vegas club.I'm also writing this because I cheated on XS and went to Hakkasan this weekend and realized what I turned my back on.  If you are reading this to debate where to go, just do XS.  I, too, was tempted by the promise of something new and exciting, but realized that I shouldn't turn my back on my true love.  ALWAYS PICK XS! :-)  This is a club with staying power, and I will be forever faithful.
5	XS is hands down my favorite Vegas nightclub. It's so beautiful and the atmosphere is so electric, it's awesome. My last visit was during Memorial Day weekend, and although it was packed, there was still room to move around and actually dance. I even took a dip in the pool and was very pleased that it was clean and quite refreshing. Also, David Guetta put on an amazing set after much anticipation from the previous DJs!
5	This is what a true really club is!  Love it's not a sauna in here. lol
4	Love the music, and the vibe!
5	Porter Robinson was tearing up the dance floor!!!!!  If I had on flats, I would've have been too, like getting a good workout hahaThere were also some idiots on the floor who don't care if they hit people while they were dancing.  My friend had to shove one girl to get the hint.  Good thing she did, that made the girl go away!
4	My favorite nightclub in Las Vegas, thus far!Why?1. No line.  Like I'm talkin' zero wait time EVEN DURING Memorial Day Weekend 2013.  There was a fast-moving line just to get your ID's checked and get your hand stamped, but other than that, very smooth sailing.  This is a DREAM in contrast to pretty much all other nightclubs during MDW2013.2. Venue is HUGE.  Or maybe the layout just seems huge?  There's a gigantic pool with bottle service tables surrounding it, upstairs tables that overlook the pool area, a bar outside, a bar inside, dance floor, (some) lasers/lights, and beautiful men/women errwhere.  There were even some (very few) places for us ladies to sit and rest our feet.  I'm not sure if we were allowed to sit in these places, so I won't be naming them on here for now.3. Dress code.  More casual than normal Las Vegas attire, which is awesome for girls tired of tight dresses and sky-high stilettos.  We came here on our last night in Vegas, so we were definitely ready to get comfortable and party up!4. Drinks.  The bar actually wasn't as crowded as other places we went to during MDW2013, and the pours were heavy.  5. Clean bathrooms and private stalls.  I'm talkin' about stalls that actually have walls that go up to nearly the roof, and a real door with a handle and a lock.  I love how I can't hear everything going on in the stall next to me, and that they make the stalls look more homey, which makes me more comfortable being in it!6. Variety.  There seemed to be a large variety of people.  Older and younger, dressy and more casual, in groups and in pairs, girls and guys, and in every race you can think of.7. Guest DJ.  As one of the more popular venues in Vegas, they bring in the popular DJs.  For instance, we came to XS specifically to see David Guetta, one of my faves!One interesting rule is you cannot bring any drinks (even in water bottles or anything) anywhere near the line.  I was trying to finish some stuff we were pregaming and the guy at the entrance to the line said I had to be walking in order to drink.  So....I paced up and down the hallway until I was done.  I really didn't think that was necessary since I was still in plain sight to everyone entering the club.The view from above: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8A#dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8ADance floor inside: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3g#IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3gNearly everyone in our party agreed that XS was their favorite, and everyone had a blast here!  Definitely will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas!!
3	Overall it was just "Ok", it was way too packed  and drinks were a bit expensive coming in at about $25 dollars + tip.  Lines were pretty long, expect to wait 1-2 hours in line.  The bright side is that the DJ playing was great, and as you would expect in Vegas, lots of beautiful people.
1	If you had the mistaken belief like me, probably from movies and tv, that vegas clubs were full of gorgeous people with money and hanging out with them would make you feel like you had made it - you will be let down by XS. Although everyone appeared to be "dressed to impress" I was not - impressed that is. It seemed like the club was full of young and old wannabes. There are huge lines to get in. Though groups of girls can get in free (through promoters) and get in the shorter promotions line it's still a half hour wait (in the short line!). If you want to avoid the line altogether you'll have to get a table - last I heard it's $750 for a 3 top. Once you get inside the place is packed. The dance floor isn't that big so by 11 PM they rope it off and you have to bribe the bouncer to get onto the dance floor. The entire space indoors is packed because the dance floor is surrounded by small tables (that you have to pay for) and there's no where to stand except in the aisles where people are pushing and shoving to move around the club.Best bet is to head straight outside. Lots of places to hang out but again no where to sit except for some planters. All the tables are reserved and these are the nice tables - lots of room, big sofas - the ones by the pool even have the pool spot reserved. I'm not sure how much these tables are but I'm guessing a lot. Mostly groups of 10 guys or more at the tables outside all checking out the girls. The only places to mix and mingle are around the bar or casino tables. You can hear the music outside, well enough to dance although the only people dancing are those jammed into the space right behind the dj.Getting drinks at the bar didn't seem to be a problem and they actually gave out free water. The bathrooms outside are also well kept and there's no line. I liked that part of things.If you're young and want to experience a club for the first time, you might like XS. Otherwise, skip it. Summary: gorgeous outdoor space but the whole thing is like a  super crowded frat party.
5	STILL the best club in Vegas and maybe even the entire universe. I come here every single time I come to Vegas and keep waiting to get sick of it but I never do.Beautiful people, great music, lovely outside garden area, about 154 bars so you always have easy access to alcohol. The line's not so bad anymore either now that they have some "competition" with Hakasan down the Strip, although I still think XS is about 1,000 times better than Hakasan any day of the week. I was thinking about what makes XS so damn amazing and it has to be the fact that half of it is outside in a pool and garden setting. That and the crowd is very sexy and a good age range (think late 20s to early 40s) and in general is about as classy as you can get in a nightclub setting.
4	good looking nightclub with good looking people. I really like pool side area, which is important to me cause i'm there more than half the time since the inside always gets too crowded and stuffy.
5	One of the best club I ve been to, music was great, filled with beautiful people, this was eveythin that you imagine vegas to be. Just dont lose all your money in the casinos, as the drinks inside ae pricey, but wtf its vegas. Garden area was a highlight. Will definitely visit again.
1	been here a few times loved it then hated and hated just posting this review to reflect the bartender lady iv had, some are the biggest bitches you will unfortunately ever have to meet. worst experience with a bartender lady i have ever had. seriously she was the worst.i tipped a couple bucks for my hugesly overpriced drink and she said " THATS IT? JUST THAT? YOUR NOT GOING TIP ME MORE?" i cant believe they would say something like that. tips are an option for SERVICE, not for some dirty bimbo working at XS to try to steal money from drunk people. never will go here again after thatanyways if you like paying absurd fees to get in then go ahead, iv gotten in for free before and thats the only way id go here. they make you wait ridiculously long lines if you dont have tickets, even with tickets still had to wait a bit. i just hate having to pay an absurd cover then pay 20 bucks a drinkthats so dumb to me. 20 bucks?!? how can people afford that...for ONE drink. thats crazy. again i did have fun here before but i do remember one time the main dj was playing at 12:30 so we went to the main dancefloor at like 11:50 and the good for nothing "bouncer" wouldnt let anyone in, everyone outside was so angry when that guy with no career stopped everyone and only let people in who payd him cash...so we greased him and he let us in...its just a joke to me.
4	Would definitely come here again!  Had a great time!! Half the club is indoors and the other half is outside with a pool.  You can either dress up or come in a bathing suit which is cool.  I had on some shorts and stilettos and fit in perfect!  DJ was mixing nice and I'm not some house junkie but I liked how he threw in a lil hip hop every now and then.  Ended up chilling in a cabana with a nice group of peeps.  The cabana was gorgeous!  Plenty of room and intimate yet still close enough to the music and people that you could mingle.  Self park for $8!! I'm not being cheap but it wasn't a far walk at all.  The line for valet ended in Narnia or Middle Earth...just saying...
5	For me, XS gets the rare 5 star club rating. It never gets too crowded (even with big-name DJs) and I love how you can walk around and enjoy the music outside as well as inside. The outside area is spacious. Bottle service tables are inside and outside. Near the pool there is a bar and casino table game area. There are also 2 bars inside; one on each side of the stage. The dance floor has air conditioning blasting on it so you're not likely to leave the club covered in sweat. Since the club opens up to the pool area it also never gets stuffy. The sound system is great. The lights and production value aren't on par with other Vegas clubs but the other positives make up for it. Guys might as well buy their tickets ahead of time. This time when I went, the pre-sale ticket line was near the entrance to Encore. You end up entering XS through the back. Other times when I have gone, the girls-only guest list line was in that spot. You do have the option to do a girls and guys guest list with a good ratio, but the line was already long at 10:30. My friend and I were on the girls only guest list and got inside in less than 1 minute. Last time it only took about 5 minutes of waiting in line. The bouncers here aren't rude (as far as I have experienced) and even wished me a happy birthday upon checking my ID.
2	So i had bottle service and it was super fast and easy to get in. Once in and seated at my table i went exploring. The outside area was super nice with the pool and cabanas. The outside wasn't too crowded and was easy to get to and from area to area. The inside was horrible!! I tried walking inside to get my friend who was at the bar and it took me 30 minutes to get to the bar! I felt like i was in a moshpit, people throwing elbows and pushing and shoving just to get out of the giant crowd. Never again, if i go back to xs ill stay outside. The reason this got a 2 star review was because of the bouncers. They are douchebags. Just because they can accept tips doesn't mean they have to strong arm people to give them tips. I had three of my friends leave because a bouncer kept asking them to tip up or they'll be escorted out for freeloading. Wtf?
5	I have been to Vegas twice in the month of June, and have been to XS now 4 different times. Yes, its that good.With a ridiculous amount of clubs and bars to choose from in Las Vegas, this one will keep me coming back. I have nothing bad to say about it. Having said that... It can be challenging to get inside. If there is a big name DJ playing (which is most weekend nights, Fri-Sun evening) I would HIGHLY recommend getting advance tickets. If you are a group of all guys, bottle service is probably going to be your best bet. The lines can get really really crazy... and waiting outside for hours is just not fun. If you are a group of girls, you can get in free and pretty easy with some of the promoters (and even score free drink tickets), and a mixed even ratio group can usually get in pretty easy as well (I would just get there early!).Inside the setup is really nice. Decent sized dance floors, VIP tables are in good locations, and the outside of XS is really amazing. There are VIP tables all around the pool, in the middle of the pool is another bar and some gambling tables, and just plenty of room to hangout, dance, listen to the music without being in the packed club. The crowd is really mixed, a nice blend of mid 20s somethings to early 40s I would say. Everyone is dressed well and having a good time.Oh yeah. If you are in Vegas on a Sunday night, GO TO NIGHT SWIM at XS. Best experience I have ever had in Vegas. Dont forget a swimsuit!!
4	XS was a beautiful nightclub that had lots of areas to explore, a relatively fun crowd and (although it took some time) a great DJ.  Your mileage may vary as in any club but it definitely was one of the better clubs in Vegas that I really enjoyed.  In terms of costs, guys (unless you're getting a table) should expect to have to get tickets online or brave the lines - expect paying around $30 or more (we paid $50).  Girls should expect to get in either for free or much cheaper depending on your promoter/method of entry.  The line was a breeze though as long as you get there around 9:30-10:00 PM.  The venue is pretty awesome.  The main dance floor has a cool spinning chandelier on top along with two go-go dancers on the sides and a not-too small main dance floor.  There are a few bars on the side as well along with an entire outdoor section to explore right behind the dance floor (to get to these sections though requires traversing the edges).  The outside is also gorgeous with several pool areas, bars and a gambling section at the very back that doesn't interfere with the main club section along with it's own go-go dancer.  Drinks were pretty normal fare for a club, nothing special about the taste/price.  The DJ set was kind of strange before the main act, Avicii and a lot of my party did not enjoy it.  Avicii himself was awesome and put on a great show (and even from the outside, it was pretty sweet).  However, be warned, again like in most packed clubs, getting on/off the dance floor is a pain and felt at times worse than Marquee in which traffic control was chaos.  Stick to a location and bring lots of drinks or have a table if you have the money.  Again, XS was a great-looking club that unfortunately on our night had a ho-hum DJ before Avicii and some crowd control issues within the dance floor itself.  Definitely do want to come back and see more including the night swim!
5	Seriously, this place is so good to my feet. Dancing in heels for more than 9 hours mean they deserve a break. I love XS's outdoor pool area, which is great for frolicking without your shoes. I love how they comp your drink when you get on the GL and get there on time (probably girls only). I've never really had to wait in line longer than 30 minutes--but then again we're usually pretty early when arriving. This is a spacious venue with plenty of spots to sit and relax even if you don't have a table. And if your lady friends are feeling freaky, poles are available everywhere!
5	Clubs come and go, but this place is here to stay. Monday (industry night) is probably my fave.
5	I went to Nightswim on a sunday night with Madeon! It was awesome - perfect weather, great beats, plenty of room outside to lounge or gamble, warm water in the pool, and a dance floor that puts you up close to the DJ! Sitting around the pool, you can see the DJ and watch the screens/  This was a great place to end my weekend! I got there relatively early to avoid any long waits! Will be back again!
5	This place is huge and the atmosphere is pretty amazing. I came here two weekends in a row. Despite the huge DJs spinning (Above & Beyond and some other one I don't remember) this place always has space for you to form your group and even sit around outside comfortably if you must rest your feet. It was nice being able to dip tired feet in the pool without bouncers coming at you.Being Vegas, this place isn't cheap. But it's pretty fancy. I guess the price is a good thing, since people are all there to have a good time, dressed nice, and dropped good dough to get in. Unless somebody is on something, you probably won't encounter douchebags who will get confrontational over nothing.Plenty of friendly people (I somehow got 4-5 free drinks from various random strangers my first time here), great sound system and atmosphere, chill areas outside, and plenty of big names in EDM playing quality tracks.This could very well be the ultimate club venue.
5	This is still one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. Music is always good! You can soak your feet in the pool for the ladies especially if it is hurting.Drinks are not cheap though and it can get crowded at times. It is nice thought because you can be inside and also if it gets stuffy go outside.I heard over the summer there is a night swim. $30 for guys $20 for girls presale. I want to try this out.
5	huge dance floor, packed...huge pool w/ beds and table games...what else do you need for a vegas club?get there before 10 or else you will be in a line for an hour which ends almost at wynn.
4	From what I remember lol this club was very nice but the night I went it was very packed but it's Vegas what big nightclub isn't. The music and crowd here are great.
5	Good luck finding a better club experience than XS in Vegas. Or anywhere else in the country for that matter. It has become a must-stop every time we're in town. Even our friends who despise nightclubs absolutely love this place.Perhaps the biggest draw is the combination of indoor and outdoor spaces. If you want to rage out on a crowded dance floor to an A-list DJ, it's simple, stay inside. Not your scene? No problem. Take a step outside to find a vast pool area with multiple bars, including one in the middle of the water, and an overall spacious setting (you can still hear the music out here too). We found ourselves spending most of our time outside and probably had just as much fun (if not more) than those inside.Overall, hands down one of the finest nightlife establishments I've ever seen. You can't go wrong with a night out at XS.Some XS recommendations:As much as I enjoy bottle service, this is one of the few venues we didn't feel the need to get it and were perfectly fine with it. With so many different spaces inside and out, it was kind of nice to be able to move around all night and not have to anchor at our table (not to mention bottles here are among the priciest in Vegas). Also, with multiple bars, we never waited more than two-three minutes for a drink, even during peak hours. I should mention that we set up express entry via a third-party promoter which also influenced us not to get bottle service. It was $75, but that included our cover charge (normally $50 or so) and we were escorted past the line and directly into the club, hassle-free. Money well spent, especially for a group of seven guys.Bring some serious cash. Drinks are not cheap (even by Vegas standards). Pregaming is highly encouraged. If you don't have some form of hosted entry or a bottle reservation in place, get there early, especially if you're a group of guys. Despite the venue's large size, the lines start early and you will find yourself stuck in it without the proper accommodations.Excellent recommendation for a bachelor party.
5	Best Nightclub in Vegas!XS is beautiful from all points of view.  From the outside lounge area with poolside views to the inside where VIP booths are lined with gold trimming, this place is the definition of excess.  If you love house and edm, only the top djs play --- no gangster rap here.  I was invited by some friends to join them in their VIP booth and it was an experience like no other.  I've experienced bottle service at many clubs but the service here was impeccable.  Our hostess was attentive and kept the drinks flowing and security also managed to monitor anyone attempting to enter the VIP areas (nothing more annoying than uninvited people trying to crash your party).  Even if loud music and dancing aren't your thing just hanging out by/in the pool and watching all the eye candy can be fun.  It's the place to see and be seen.
5	Afrojack 7/6 = Amazing. Best way to spend my last night of my 20's. Well done, XS.
5	Was here Fri/12 Jul about 11 pm.- My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/  (3 Day Pass) wristband which got us in to XS without waiting in line and not having to pay a cover charge.- My second time at XS and I'd say it's the best Vegas club overall.  Huge and plenty of bars (indoors and outdoors), cool staff/security, good-sized dance floor, gambling tables outside (only club in Vegas I know of that has the option to gamble).- $14 Jack and Coke, free ice water, so Strip club drink pricing reasonable.- Will definitely be back, ideally when David Guetta is playing.
5	Visited XS Saturday 13th July. My boyfriends brother and friends were visiting so we decided to pre purchase tickets.When we got there the line had to have been about 2 hours long, we lined up for about 30 mins, when we reached a second security point (checking ID etc.)  we were moved into another line with our tickets and at this point we got to walk by everyone in the line and went straight into the club. We walked in and this place is HUGE and beautiful. Drinks are pretty standard for Vegas clubs, I think about $15 for a vodka soda. The dance floor was a little too cramped and busy for me so we moved outside and danced by the pool. By the end of the night most of the girls in this place had taken off their heels and were standing in the pool, followed by a few guys too.The music was great, the atmosphere was amazing, the surroundings are beautiful. This is worth the visit when in Vegas.
5	I absolutely loved club XS.  Didn't have to wait in some horrible line for hours, we just walked in with our prepaid  tickets.  Our friend who was in the regular line, wasn't out there long.There are numerous places to adventure around.  A couple of bar areas, inside and outside.  Bathrooms super clean.  A stripper pole for anybody brave enough to dance on it.  Near the pool area, you can take off your shoes and dance in the water.Drinks tasted really good.  Let's just say my feet were hurting when I first got there, because of my shoes.  I was dancing the night away to Afrojack jumping up and down, thanks to those delicious drinks.  I stayed till closing at 4am.  It was one of my most epic club nights ever!  I'll never forget you Club XS.
5	I love XS so much.I love XS like that feeling when you get to sleep in and wake up next to your beautiful woman. Or that feeling when you find random cash in your pants pocket. Or that feeling when a total stranger says something super cute and it just makes your day.Read my previous review for tips on the club including bottle service, lines, DJs, the crowd, drinks, etc.@DJMAKJ opened up for @MADEON and it was bananas.both DJs threw down!! Got to gamble a bit at the tables inside, lounge outside by the pool, have a ton of cocktails inside and jam out to some great DJs.. all with some excellent company.XS, you have yet to disappoint. adieu, my love.
5	I've been to XS a few times now and have always had a good experience!  I celebrated my birthday there this past weekend on a Friday night and we got there around 11 pm.  We got bottle service and were told by the bouncer that we had to tip him $300 to get a table by the dance floor, or else we would get a cabana outside.  We opted to save the $300 and got a cabana.  The cabana was one of the closer ones to the dance floor, it was really big, and can seat up to 20 people.  The girls not wanting bottle service were on a guest list and got in shortly after us (along with one of the guys who got a pre-paid ticket).  One of the other guys waited in the regular line for almost 2 hours.  Always a lot of Asian people.
5	This is one of my favorite Vegas clubs. Ive had nothing but good experience here. Plus is right under my favorite hotel (wynn). The music is always great (they have good resident DJs like David Guetta, Avicii, etc). The staff is friendly and courteous.I love the layout, basically there is an outdoor portion with the pools and indoor club are. The Dj is in between the outdoor and indoor. This is great because if you dont like crowd and sweat, you can totally go to the outdoor part. This makes both areas less crowded. Best thing is, sometimes they have swim nights when you can be in your swim outfit and go to the pool. The only thing that this place lacks is lights and big LCD screens, but thats nothing for me because the overall experience outweights that. I try to squeeze XS everything i have a vegas trip because it is that great. You must check it out if you havent. You will fall in love it and keep coming back
4	Located at the Encore and Wynn hotels (pretty much in the tunnel that connects them), XS is a swanky, sexy, classy club that's one of the better clubs in Vegas.  It's a huge venue with a pool and gaming area on the other side of the DJ booth, as well as bars lined up around the sides.  They even have cabana tables IN the pool!  The sound system and lights aren't as great as other clubs, but whatever they have now definitely does the job!If you're on a guestlist, you should arrive around 9:45/10PM for guaranteed admission.  On the other hand, if you have a table (or know someone with one), you have comped admission until 12:30/1.  I've thankfully had a table here each time and every time was awesome!  The cocktail servers are accommodating and friendly, and they're quick to mix you up a drink.  (Tip: If you're getting a table, getting one inside is better than outside!)They typically have a great DJ lineup and the overall atmosphere and vibe of the entire club is always fun!  I've never heard anybody have a bad time at XS so if you're in Vegas -- it's worth checking out!
5	As much as I try to avoid sounding like a bro, there really only is one word to describe this place: EPIC.I don't even know where to begin with this review. So much going on in one night! We were approached by a promoter on the strip on a Monday afternoon, and although we were a bit sceptical at first, it turned out to be a very good decision. (FYI, this review is in the perspective of a lady for ladies. Gotta help a sister out!) Upon arrival, we were given one free drink ticket to the Botello bar next door to XS where all the promoters were waiting with their groups of ladies. (I know, it sounds sketchy... that's just Vegas for you.) When we got in line, we were given 2 more drink tickets for inside the club. Finally got inside XS and taken to our table! They kind of herded us in the tables (bit weird) and started with rounds of Moet champagne, which was followed by Grey Goose & juices to mix in. Mind you this was separate from the 2 free drink tickets. My advice: yes, it's fancy and free, but don't drink it all. There are some creepers lurking in the crowd below. I was really glad I stopped while I was ahead.Feeling a bit weird sitting up on those couches like we were on display, we moved down to the dance floor in front of the stage. Excellent decision. Morgan Page came on minutes after and we danced and danced and danced. Awesome DJ! XS also threw out these glow stick things into the crowd (which apparently is a pretty regular thing). Although there are your typical creepy club guys in the crowd, there are plenty of normal people and lots of other girls to dance with. We ended up having a fantastic time.    XS is so good, it has ruined all other dance clubs for me! Seriously. It makes me sad.Advice for the Ladies: Monday night is best! Find a promoter (they'll be on the strip, so don't ignore them) and get on the guest list for free table service!
5	You just need to come here to experience it !
5	This is the most beautiful, fabulous, marvelous and amazing bar/club/dance place I have ever been to!  This nightclub is way beyond XS (extra small)!  It is a pool palace filled with intricate decor that is decked out from top to bottom!  At night, it is glowing with lights, which makes the whole place quite dreamy to be in!Add the pool outside, the multiple bars so you will not be ever thirsty and the surround music with plenty of people, then the place is just a perfect party gathering!I explicitly love "ex-cess"!
5	If there is one club to do in Vegas, it's XS.  This place is unlike any club I've ever been to.  It's incredibly massive.  You feel like you walked onto some crazy estate party.  It is literally acres of party.  There's a pool (which a lot of people swim in and dance in all night), multiple bars, a huge indoor club with a great sound system.  There's even gambling.  There is something for everyone here.  This was my third night in a row going clubbing, which I can only usually stand one night, yet I still had a great time.  Vegas is about doing everything to excess, so do XS.
4	We bought pre-sale tickets for Afrojack. Tickets for guys was $30 and gals it was $20. Venue is pretty cool, inside you could see the dj and the dance floor, lights. Lots of places to sit and stand around. It gets crowded but you could go outside and enjoy fresh air, dip your feet in the water as well. Drinks are expensive as to be expected, but really a fun atmosphere and vibe. Lights not as good as Hakkasan, but more room to move around and it was interesting people watching. We had a great time.
4	This place was the jump off. It was one of the better clubs that I have been to.I really liked that it had an outside area by the pool. The inside was not that large, but with the outside space was plentiful.The negatives start with the entrances. We had prepay tickets which made things go fast once we found the entrance. But we had to swing all of the way around to the back of this big club, and signage was not that great.Once in, you can expect to pay a hefty price for drinks, but that's how it is at any of the top clubs in Vegas.will.i.am was the DJ for the night. A couple of big bouncers blocked the path to the center of the floor. At first, I was not sure if this was temporary or not. So, I asked one of the guys. It was not a huge deal to me, I just wanted to know. His answer, "I'm not really supposed to do this, but if you take care of me, I will take care of you." Not the answer I cared to know, and it seemed he had a plan. Sketchy.But a couple of quirks aside, this is a good joint to party at.
4	I would've given it 5 stars because I did have a lot of fun! However, the boys I were with were dying! It's hot enough as it is in Vegas, they definitely need to add some fans in the outside areas. Drinks are pricy, but that's the same anywhere in Vegas. Other than the heat situation, the ambiance was great! Music was great, no other complaints here.
4	I finally made it out to XS on my most recent trip to Vegas! I went on a Saturday and Diplo was the headliner. I bought my ticket presale and printed it out. I arrived at around 10:30pm and found out that they were letting people in very slowly since they blamed it on the rain. We ended up standing in line for over 2 hours! It was ridiculous! **The security here was very chill with me though. After waiting in line for so long a couple of my friends had to go to the bathroom. The security guy said it was okay, but after they left I asked the guy if he could do me a favor and prank my friends. So when my friends came back they were about to jump the rope and the security guy went up to them and said "The f***?! We don't do that here. Get to the back of the line." My friends faces were hilarious! It made it even more funny since it was the same guy that said it was okay if they leave the line. I couldn't keep a straight face at all. That guy was definitely chill! Anyway, we eventually made it in. It was a good time being with good friends and making new ones. Diplo was great as always. EXPRESS YOURSELF!!!! I'll definitely be back, but next time I'm going straight to my promoter since he said he can get us in without waiting as long as we buy our ticket from him!
5	Definitely one of my favorite clubs in Vegeas... the most important thing to note is that there is an air conditioning vent, stage left, next to the first table by the stairs... this is where you want to dance because it gets pretty warm in there and the air conditioning is a life saver!Ladies bring fold-able flats or flipflops in your purse so you can step out of your heels and play in the water!
1	XS is the best club in Vegas. The drinks are decent but pricy, the staff is generally friendly except for one bartender that asked us to tip $8 for 2 drinks, and the music and vibe are excellent. The place is beautiful with a nice patio, pool, and indoor and outdoor entertainment. So why the one star?Here's the deal we made a terrible mistake of thinking we had tickets on presale from want tickets.com when we did not. They made us wait in line for 2 hours! 2 Hours exactly no exaggeration. When I asked why to the staff inside the box office she quietly said they do this on purpose so people wait and they do crowd control. Once we got in we realized there was PLENTY of room outside and no official fire code reason (or other reason) that they were doing this.Vegas needs to change some of these stupid policies if they want people coming back.
5	Amazing club, will definitely be going back!
4	XS is the best nightclub in Vegas. Music and visualization are awesome. Atmosphere is incredible. Very friendly environment. But yesterday it was overcrowded. It was hard to move around.  The bartenders are rude. One of them simply added the tips in the cost of a  drink w/out saying me anything. Another one refused to take my card payment before I added tips there. And prices are unreasonable.  They also need more bars. Two obviously weren't enough yesterday.A lot of people talk about rude securities. Well they deal with a drunk mob, they cannot be nice:) But overall I had great time. Definitely come here again.
5	Hands down my favorite nightclub in Las Vegas! When you walk in you will be in AWE! The place is gorgeous! They have a pool outside that looks like an oasis. Make sure to get on the guest list of course. Usually with Vegas nightclubs it can get repetitive and have similar vibes, but XS goes above and beyond to give you a different kind of experience. Put XS at the top of your Vegas list!
4	Came here earlier this year when Avicii was spinning! Oh mannnn. Amazing night! It gets pretty crowded and you better make friends with bottle service tables if you want to sit down! Hahahh but I've always had a great time at XS! Good venue, good company! (:
5	I went to XS for the Night Swim with Lil' Jon and I had SO much fun!!! I was hesitant about going especially at a pool at night I was looking for huge crowds and just a horrible experience but it was amazing!!!So much room in the pool and around the pool! The only con is there are limited spaces if you didn't buy a cabana. But it's cool, the bodyguards are really helpful in finding places you can lounge around without getting in the way. The bartenders are fast and amazing!Some tips I would have is to get there early because the lines are LONG and if you have the money get a cabana but if you don't you will still have an amazing time!! I live in Vegas and my friends went to the regular nightclub and had an amazing time as well so I will definitely be at XS again!!! :-)
5	What an amazing club!! I am obsessed with the indoor/outdoor layout. You could be right in the middle of the action and then take a breather outside for a few moments. We saw Avicii during Memorial Day weekend and he did not disappoint! The only con was that once it got later in the night the dance floor maxed out and you had to wait to get back on. Drinks were very reasonable. We pre-bought tickets which was crucial during the holiday weekend so we walked right in!
4	great place
4	I don't think I've ever had a bad time at XS. Out of all of the clubs in Vegas, this is at the top of my list. I would say 4.5 stars!Forget buying drinks. Get shots and dance outside. :)
5	One day when I grow up, I want to come to Vegas, go to XS with my friends, and leave without anyone vomiting.  But night two of my bachelorette party was not the time to experiment - we stuck to our guns, and the night was great while it lasted.I don't like clubbing in L.A., but for some reason Vegas clubbing is pretty enjoyable.  Even though half the XS crowd is from Los Angeles, the composition is lighter on the every-Friday-with-my-boys sort than the Hollywood crowd, with a lot more repressed professionals cramming one weekend with moderate misbehavior.  I've been back to XS a couple times since 2009 (with my repressed professional friends), and it's my favorite club in Vegas.  I like the open layout, and the interior is really good-looking.  The music is good, and the club doesn't feel too cramped even when it's crawling with people.When we came for my bachelorette party, our friend Jason W. hooked us up and got us in for free.  He then bought us (all nine of us!) a round of shots, so thank you Jason for showing us a good time!  I was wearing a white dress and a tiara and all that, and I remember at least one stranger buying me a shot, too.  It all gets kind of hazy after that - I'd pounded a full cup of Jack and green tea in the hotel room, while my friends admonished me for not drinking fast enough.In my memory, we were at XS for all of thirty minutes before I got sick and had to go home.  In reality, I guess we were there for a while.  There's iPhone footage of me and my old roommate standing in the pool and dancing, but that is the only evidence I've logged of that part of the evening.  I do remember snippets of my demise - on my knees in the bathroom, balled up in the cab line - but otherwise I just know that I woke up feeling awful, wearing pajamas, fake eyelashes, and a garter.  It was only then that I learned of the other casualties of the night.  Two of my friends had also gotten sick, including the one who was most responsible for my care - she held my hair, put me to bed, then puked at seven in the morning.  One of my friends cracked her phone, and another lost hers in a cab.  The drive back to L.A. was, uh, pretty rough.If you tally the lost phones and damaged dignity, I guess you can't say our night at XS was free, but we paid nothing to the club and got a lot in return.  We had a fantastic time, and it was a great way to end a perfect bachelorette weekend.
4	Very classy, very high end, very expensive.This is the type of place you go to for the experience... at least once.  Be ready to pay for it though.
5	Love this place on Saturday night.  Even been here for a special event and they always go above and beyond.  The main dance floor is packed.  However there are plenty of places indoor and outdoor to find a place to sit and chill.
5	I'll keep this short and sweet. I bought pre-sale tickets to above and beyond which was a good idea because we waited about half an hour to get in. The place was nice, big, and clean. The people were dressed very well. Lots of good looking people. Some creeps. Sexy dancing.Love it.
4	Really nice place for a club. The wait can be a while, but honestly if your with hot girls, you will get in a lot faster. Overall this is probably one of the more fancier clubs that's Vegas has to offer. Very pricey for the door charge, but you'll have a good time here if house music is the kind you like.
5	This is my favorite night club in Vegas and I've been to most of the clubs in Las Vegas and nothing compares to this one. The music is Great, they always have the best DJ's playing, in the Summer time they open the pool at night thats what makes this club stand out the bathrooms are nice and clean. I also want to thank Rachel for taking care of me and my girls we had a big group and she was able to take care of us on her guest list. I really recommend her for any of your future inquires!!!! So When ever your in Vegas make sure you get in contact with her. She will make your experience here at XS a memorable one. Her number is (702) 557-4160
5	OMG - best night ever. My friend and I went there when DJ Diplo was playing - he is awesome! I loved it. Super crowded though but it was totally worth it.  A lot of hot & cute boys and girls in the XS :)
3	Another round of bachlorette partying took place at XS Nightclub. Of course, there was no cover and I felt we were in the special "bachelorette/birthday/divorce" party line, for huge groups of ladies celebrating something. I won't complain. It was the express line for club entry.There's a huge outdoor area with bar to mingle. There are also cabanas to rent if you want private seating and bottle service. There's an indoor dance floor with pole and go-go dancers. The one thing that I didn't like about the place is that it smelled like dried stale chlorinated carpet. Funky. So much so, it was kinda too gross to hang inside. Drink prices are on par for location. Dress to impress, of course. By the time we left the club, a little after midnight, there were hordes (hordes!) of folks trying to get in. Ridiculously crowded that made it a bit uncomfortable. Maybe it was because it's Saturday. Maybe it was because it's a long weekend. Maybe it was both. Thankfully, it didn't take long to catch a cab and make our escape for some gambling back at the Cosmopolitan. If it weren't for the stale chlorine smell and the crazy crowd, I may have upped it a star. As it is, it gets 3-stars from me.
1	Would not come back here cause through security gaurds are blind. They can't read an I'D if their life depended on it. A tall black gaurd wouldn't let my friend who was 22 in.
5	Love this place! The ambiance says it all. My fav area is the pool area. Went there on a Friday night so the pool was closed but patrons were allowed to party outside and gamble. They had a few gambling tables set up for those who wanted a break from the dance floor or for those who don't care for the club scene but rather preferred to try their luck at the table.
5	Went to Above and Beyond 8/17. Definitely lives up to the hype as the #1 club in Vegas. Besides A & B giving an awesome show, XS gets 5 stars for having the open area behind the stage. Plenty of room to move around and you can even dip your feet in the SHALLOW section of the pool. Doesn't feel overcrowded like Hakkasan/Marquee unless you want to be in range of the DJ. Buy tickets in advance,  saves a lot of time.  Make sure you go to the side entrance leading to the pool and not the regular admission line. Despite getting super packed later on,  my crew had an awesome time! If your looking to club with room to dance and move around, XS is the winner.
4	FUN!  FUN!  FUN!   Tip:  If you are staying at Encore, purchase your tickets through the concierge.  Maximum 5 tickets.  You will go straight in with your tickets.  Others, you will be waiting in line.  There are 3 different lines: VIP, girls, men & couples.  The girl line moves way faster than the men/couples line.  Ladies, ditch your man and meet him in the club because you will be waiting forever (save your feet).  In the men/couples line, they only let in 8 people every 1/2 hour.  * Tip:  If you don't want to wait in line... Tip $$ the bouncers (approx. $20/person)  The best place to hang out is outside by the pool, 1st come 1st serve for the pool chairs.  If you stay inside, you'll be standing and there's not enough room to dance.
5	There are plenty of reviews for this, and great ones too, so I don't feel the need to explain why this place is good. It deserves a great rating though because it is the nicest club in Las Vegas.It has a loungey atmosphere though because the outside area is much more peaceful, but the music is still out there, the pool is, there is a bar, and you can get bottle service. The interior is beautiful too. Drinks are expensive as usual though.
1	Staff was rude.  Waited in line for 2 hours after they separated our group and when we finally got to the door we was told $100 per person.   We will never go back to that place.
4	The day I went which was Aug. 25th, it was FUN! Although the line was very long before you can get in (30 mins wait) but its well worth it. Crowd was large. Dance floor was small but still has places to move around with. The DJs that night was pretty amazing. Playing great music. The ambiance of the club was fab since it was young crowd and the place was spectacular. I would go again to XS if i go back to Vegas again.
5	Let me start off by saying this: My first and only (so far) experience with XS has been with its definite highs and lows. So why the 5 star review? Because the lows weren't within the club's control. So my 2 friends and I got pickpocketed while we were on the dance floor, losing all three of our phones, as well as my credit card, some cash that I had on me, and my driver's license. Now, mind you, all of my belongings were on me in a small zippered over-the-shoulder bag (ZIPPED SHUT). At about 1 am, I was on the dance floor and went to check for the time, when I realized that my bag was wide open and my phone was gone. My friends and I checked the dance floor (to the best of our ability) and the lost-and-found to no avail, but I told myself that there was nothing that I could do and that I must've been careless and left my bag open. WE DID NOT EXPECT that two hours later (while we were on the floor dancing again) that my friends' phones would go missing too, as well as the rest of my belongings in my purse (which had been unzipped AGAIN). At this point we realized that we were in fact the victims of pickpocket thieves that deliberately went into our bags and searched for items to sell/use/keep as their own. We were all distraught, and I had no money, no phone, and no identification at all. That was when we decided to leave the club (around 3-3:15 am) and realized that there were multiple girls that had gotten their phones and other items stolen from their purses. The security guards were calm and helpful (especially considering the multitude of crying girls they had on their hands) and we filed a security report as well as a police report the next day. I would strongly suggest that girls be extra cautious with their things, especially around a crowd of people. Next time I go, I will definitely be leaving my phone at home and keeping my credit card and license in my dress or something. With that being said, even with our things getting stolen, my friends and I collectively agree that it was the best night of our lives. We came the night that Martin Solveig DJed, and although we hadn't heard much about him, his music was AMAZING. It was a perfect mixture of Top 40 remixed into club beats that lets you feel the bass running through your body. The drinks were expensive, yet pretty strong (17 for a long island) and the crowd was very attractive. As many have said, the venue is HUGE, which allows for a lot of mingling but even when the dancefloor was super crowded, it didn't get the least bit hot and sweaty like it did at Hakkasan the night before. Try and get there a little before the club opens. Sounds lame, but you'll thank me when you won't be waiting hours in a ginormous line. Just mingle at the bar for the first hour or so if you're early. I'm sure you'll find someone attractive to talk to!Coming from Boston nightlife, I honestly feel like nothing there will even come close to XS. It's actually a little depressing to think about having to go to smelly, sweaty bars again and having to dodge creepers left and right in the Bean. Womp.ALSO (for the ladies): NO LINES FOR THE (CLEAN!!!!!!) BATHROOM. And there are plenty of lotions and perfumes to spritz on yourself if you are feeling a little nasty.I really wish that we didn't get our stuff stolen. Not for the reason of having my old cellphone back and not having to cancel my credit card...but for the sole reason of us not having to leave early and abruptly. I will definitely be going back, but I will also be doing things a little differently. XS I miss you.
2	Never made it in, we got there 10 min after the guest list closed because the line was soooo long. Then they wanted to pay $20 each for 3 girls, no thank you. Since we didnt make it pass the door I cant really give too much opinion but think we shouldve been given a little lee-way since technically we did get there on time.
5	3 words...SUNDAY.NIGHT.SWIM.--Words truly can't describe the greatest party on earth but maybe this video will give you a glimpse at the madness.  Trust me its even more fun than it looks.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imnI_Gd8NGkNow if that doesn't excite you I don't know what will cause I'm STILL BUZZIN.  Hell if I were you I would get on the phone with your promoter right now and ask him to put you on the list for this Sunday because this party only happens in the summer time, and we've only got a few more dates left fellas!  Hit me up if you want my guys number and I'll call in a favor.  Who knows he might even hook up a few drink tickets.  Just make sure you've got your ratios right cause ain't nobody got time for a group of dudes LOL. #vegasproblems #noragrets #bestclubever
4	Well I went Labor Day weekend and this shit cracked. Night swim with David Guetta! Got in for free and a comped drink. I got an AMF and it was kinda strong. It's such a nice club, very big and pretty. Since it was a holiday weekend and a big DJ was there it was super crowded...like seriously packed. The only problem I really have with the club is there are no places to sit unless you get a table. I have definitely learned that this is how it works in Vegas. Kill your feet unless you pay. Kinda kills the vibe when your feet are throbbing!
5	Best nightclub in Vegas! Hands down...you can never go wrong with this place! If you're ever in Vegas and in the mood to go clubbing, this is the place to go!
1	"The best nightclub in the world" - yeah, right.Vegas is a circus to which customers from all around the world come to leave their honestly (or not so much) earned money. Everything here is designed to pump as much cash out of customers during their visit and Vegas is really good at that. XS is not an exception and lives up to the standard of local business practices:1. Treating customers in the line as kettle waiting in line to be milked for money. 2. False advertising. For unlucky kettle that doesn't buy tickets in advance or choses not to pay for bottle service around $1,200 cover prices may vary. Forget about what you see on promotion - you will be charged whatever security wishes/dares to ask. 3. If you really want security to be nice to you - you can pay $200 cash and they will take you through the long line of customers (wondering if management knows about this).4. Security acting like owners of the club. No offense, but there is a reason why these guys are trusted only with low quality suits and earpieces to talk to their pals about "potential threats" :)Now, is it the best club in Vegas? Maybe, maybe not. In order to be one they really need to learn how to treat customers. Fancy interior, nice loud music don't matter as long as XS has those average in quality and cunning in nature "services". FYI: The world is a bit larger than Vegas strip and even state of Nevada.
5	Classy and beautiful with pretty girls, pools, and poles I'd recommend bottle service here for convenience
5	Coolest club ever!  Came here with a buddy on Saturday night for Labor Day weekend.  Place was off the hook, even though we got here hella late (at 12:30am) - long day at the pool parties and forever long taxi lines at almost all hotels..The Most Important things:Good music = checkGood looking people = checkGood ratios of girls to guys = checkStylish/modern layout = check Reasonable prices drinks = failOverall, this place is seriously dope!  Place gets crazy packed, thus it gets really warm/humid here (even at 1-2am), so dress accordingly. Most of the crowd was dressed nice, although I'm still trying to figure out how a lot of the dudes got in wearing t-shirts.  I thought it was pretty awesome that you could take your shoes off and dance in the water. Make sure to buy your tickets in advance, you'll get in really quick and avoid the nightmare of a line in front of the club.  Also, the taxi lines get CRAZY long at Wynn (like an hour wait) so bounce from the club around 230am otherwise you might have an extra long boring time in line were its even more hot then the club.  Definitely be back next Labor Day!
5	Came to XS twice when I was in Vegas. Once on Aug 18th for Sunday night swim (although it was closed outside due to thunder storms) and once on Aug 23rd on a Friday night.Beautiful club, beautiful people, great atmosphere. I don't usually like EDM but the music here was good, and I enjoyed it. I'm not sure what drinks prices are like as both times we made friends with people who had tables, however I'm sure they can be very expensive.The first time we went we got to XS at 10:30pm - my friend and I got right in! Second time we went, we lost track of time, and with long taxi lines we arrived at 12:30am. We didn't end up getting in until 2am!! We definitely learnt our lesson - get there early!It's such a beautiful, classy club. We were able to dip our feet in the pool on Friday night, which was good fun! I would absolutely return next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This is my favorite club in Las Vegas.  Not as dark and stuffy as the other clubs, but still plenty of people watching.  Good with or without table service.  I love that you can play some craps &?get free drinks and then go dancing in the same place.
5	Pool Party every Sunday night, so you BEST believe we went here this past Labor Day weekend. Not everyone got the memo, but if you opt not to swim in the 4 ft deep body o' water, there is plenty room to dance in various sections of the ENORMOUS venue.The scenery is quintessential Vegas- lined with trees and Roman-inspired architecture, simple yet elegant including a spacious pool with a bar not too far off, the female form glistening in oversize gold imprints on the walls.This EDM music was nearly universally danceable, partially due to the smiling, giddy awesome DJ that night David Guetta but also before/after his set. If you're coming for a DJ expect them on from 2-4am just about.Crowd: Attractive 20-somethings for the most part. And apparently the club was at its record capacity that night-  Guetta announced there were 10k people there! That's a lot of attractive people...$75 cover for men and $30 for women that night- get to know a promoter or go with a well-connected friend, or simply be warned.Bonus: You don't have to pay (aka drop a few Gs on a bottle) to sit! This is unusual for any nice club, no need to seek refuge in the ladies (or laddies) room- embrace it!
5	A huge venue, spacious, with plenty of outside room and a great pool. This has been the top venue to attend for several years. I've celebrated several birthdays here and had a blast each time.
1	I have to admit I've never been inside of this club but I'm only speaking on the experience while waiting in line. If you are looking to be tricked into paying double for this club I recommend not to go. We waited in line for two hours and decided to leave. The organizers of the club who ever they are just wants their commission and how do I know this? I personally asked. He told me they don't make money from inside of the club only the bar does so they have to get their commission somehow telling people to pay twice the amount to get in. I don't knock their game but I'm not the one that will be paying double for any club when they were closing in an hour. The line for people who was paying regular price didn't move at all only the line for people who payed over 100 to get in!! Due to the bad experience that I had I will not plan to go back there and attempt to get in I will stick to my usual spots.
5	My girlfriend and I went to Vegas for a Monday through Thursday trip deal we got through Southwest. We were hesitant about going during the week because we were not sure what the environment would be like on a weekday, but we figured we would check things out. The goal was to explore places we had never been. Our first night we decided to check out XS, and we are so glad we did. Rachel, one of the promoters for XS & Tryst, hooked us up with free entry and no line. She also gave us some comped drinks to start the night off. We were shocked at how big the venue was, and surprisingly how many people were there on a Monday night. Immediately, we had a feeling it was going to be a great night....and it was! We mingled with groups around the pool and danced the night away. The music was great! The crowd was young and fun! We even got a little "daring" and danced knee deep in the pool (I think we may have had too many of the comped drinks). We had so much fun and next to Surrender at Encore, it was our favorite club we visited on our trip! I told Rachel that I wanted to commend her for the great night she provided, and she has given me permission to post her number to contact: (702) 557-4160. Thank you Rachel! We will definitely be back. :)
4	Its awesome being a girl in Vegas.1) Never have to wait in line to get into XS2) Never had to pay to get into XS 3) Free drinks4) Easy to swoop on a all guys table (Free table) lolAlthough im pretty much over the club scene, XS has and always will be my fav. the ambiance is just beautiful especially outdoor. I love taking off my shoes and dancing in the pool. Plus it gives my feets a break from the heels thats always a plus, and I dont look like a ratchet whose walking around barefoot cause everyone is doing it. lol Not a fan of house music but the DJs are pretty damn dope they make me wanna start housing HAHOkay tho one CON walking through the club is not ideal ESPECIALLY when it clearly smells like vomit. SOME PEOPLE JUST CANT HANDLE VEGAS. YUCK.
4	4.5 Stars.  Great club to visit if you are in Vegas.  The outside of the club has an elegant pool, and gazebo covering a bar and mini casino.  There are also tables surrounding the perimeter of the outside for bottle service.  The inside has a fairly small dance floor in front of the DJ booth and bottle service tables taking up probably 60-70 percent of the indoor area space.  The night I went, Avicii was the performer and he brought quite a crowd.  The place was so packed, it was pretty difficult to find a place for our group of 6 to settle, and that's just about the only bad thing I can say about this place.  Overall, the club was extremely nice and very classy.  The amount of work it took to make this club is amazing and I can't imagine how much it cost to build this place.  If you are a girl I would advise you to just get your name on a guestlist via calling or by one of the dozens of promoters walking around the Vegas Strip.  If you are a guy, you can try your luck by putting your name on the guestlist if you have a lopsided amount of women in your group, but if not, you should just purchase tickets online, which on average is $50.   I would say this and Hakkasan are my favorites.
3	XS was my GOTO CLUB back in the day, and it although it's disappointed a few times most of the times I've been have been great. Back in college we would always try to get in for free and get a bunch of girls to go with us and have their boobs hanging out so we could cut and get in for free, worked out great back then but recently either they are getting more strict or the girls I've been going with have been getting uglier, who knows! but after having to wait in line a few times we decided to get presale the last 2 times I went and it's worked out greatpretty much no wait at all in the presale line and got in QUICK, they give hand stamps for reentry so you can go in and out all you want. The outside area is usually pretty roomy and you can walk around and stuff and the dance floor/indoor area is always pretty packed. but this past weekend when I went for avicii it was PACKED everywhere, couldn't even more. I can't say i'm surprised since I mean it was avicii!!! overall, usually great music and a good place to go clubbing in vegas, but with so many new clubs opening up XS better up their game somehow to stay in the gameI also suggest checking outsurrendermarqueelighthakkasen
4	The best part about being a girl in Vegas is getting in to all the clubs for free. XS is awesome because it is large and has a good amount of crowd. The line to get in was long for guest lists but moved quickly.One thing I didn't like as much was that we didn't get a crap load of free drinks tickets like we did at Light. I guess that was good considering there were swimming pools all around and I would have probably fallen into one like my friend did if I had any more to drink.Sunday nights are pool party nights so bring your swimsuit. The place is huge so you have plenty of places to hang out and there are even spots to sit down. I like that it was busy but not overly crowded.The staff isn't all that friendly. My friend had to look through her phone for our promoters name and the girl yelled at us saying that we should have been ready. It was also super hard to get service at the bar.
4	Still a very good club after all these years. But wasn't too fond of the shady stuff going on this past Saturday by the staff. Contacted host. 3 dudes. Cool. Minimum $1000 gets you a table. Lets do it. Get there, walk in through table reservation line, easy walk in, get seated outside by the pool. Nice table, cool night, good music. good stuff.  Tip your host. However, then the shady stuff starts. My boy puts the bill on his card. They come back and say his card has been rejected. He shows them his bank account as prove that there must be a mistake. At this point I don't blame the girl, there could have been some issue when running the card. Waited for over 30 minutes to get this sorted out. Won't budge. There are some friendly Brits at the table across form us. They come over and in their cool cheeky accents ("Pip Pip Cheerio") tell us they are having the same problem even though they have more than enough funds. Befriend them and bitch about the situation to one another. Another group happens to over hear and says they are having the same problem at their table and there are some girls at another table they just spoke to having the same issue... really XS? I highly doubt broke ass people are going to go through all this trouble just to get rejected after they get seated. Knowing how the business works some what I start figuring they want to hold the tables for larger groups with bigger minimums. The night was getting started so I'm sure they could have easily filled those slots if one of us had budge. I put the bill on my card, I definitely have more than the required funds. No issue. All of a sudden all the other cards start working. Just seem pretty shady to me. Other than that everything was cool. Good music, good fun. Its Vegas. Money talks and people are shady. Make sure you ask all the required questions before you agree to anything. what minimum? what table location will that minimum get you? Arrival time? Is the table yours the entire night? etc. Sometimes its just people being dicks trying to get a tip or force you spend more. Don't budge. Ill definitely be coming back. But not as trustworthy of the spot as before.
5	Been to this club twice and both times had a good time. I love how the club partially opens to the pool patio. It's not a huge club when the pool is closed, so finding friends is easier, however when the club and the pool are open the space is quite large.
5	Came with three girlfriends on a Saturday night in July.  If you're a group of girls, it is IMPERATIVE that you contact a host beforehand to get on the guest list.   We arrived at 9:30PM, waited in line for maybe 20 minutes, and then bypassed the line, got in for free, and got a free drink.  I wouldn't go any other way. This is the most impressive club I've ever been to.  Its huge!!   We ended up spending most of the evening outside by the pool where it was less crowded.  There are tons of fans though so we never felt too hot (even though it was still 90 degrees).  We're cheap girls (no table service for us!!) but there are tons of places to sit outside.  The clientele here is definitely a step above the other clubs in Vegas (we went to Chateau the night before).  Most of the guys who approached us were well-dressed, polite, and not completely shit-faced.  The music wasn't really to my taste (house music) but the dance floor was so crowded that I didn't really feel like trying to dance inside.
5	Favorite Vegas club. I don't think you can have a bad night at XS unless you're actively trying to. Dancing on the dance floor isn't a death sentence since it's still a bit open and there's air flow. Kickin' it outside is my favorite because you can walk around, wade in the water and still be okay in your itty bitty dress because of the Las Vegas heat and your inebriated state. I love you, XS.
5	I had such a blast here.$35 to get in for guys, $25 for girls...ehhh.....Vegas.....This club is large inside and had a great DJ spinning. But the best part of this place is the outdoors. We came here on a Sunday night and they were having a pool party. So there was a DJ inside spinning great tunes but the real party was outside, in and around the pool. Another DJ was out there, again, great dance music and people dancing in the pool. We got there at 2 am and the party was in full swing. No one was planning on leaving. Ended up staying until about 4 or 5, got our groove on and had a lot of fun. Drinks are typical Vegas prices but it's Vegas, you didn't come here to save money. Also, this place hosts big name DJs all the time. The night before we were there, Avici was spinning and they had Afro Jack and David Guetta on the books for upcoming shows. Great place, highly recommend you check it out, even on a Sunday night.
5	Probably the coolest nightclub I have ever been to in Vegas. Read any of the many reviews about this place and you will quickly understand why the line is super long to get in. One of the guys walking around near the line cherry-picking who he does and doesn't let skip the line was being a complete a$$ to everyone and really let his position get to his head, until he let me skip the line... then all was forgiven. Anyway, they had Madea as the guest DJ and he was great, although he looked more like a pre-teen little girl, but boy can he get the crowd going. Drinks were super expensive, but what the hell, its VEGAS! The only bad thing is that if you go when it is really warm, just know that the club is pretty much outside, so dress accordingly, knowing its going to be around 90 degrees. Still though, one of the nicest and most fun clubs I have ever been to.
4	I've been to XS on a Friday night and a Monday night. Both times I got there well before 11 and walked right in. I was with a mixed party of girls and guys; the girls got in for free but the guys had to pay the first time. The second time, we decided to do a table reservation - though there was no line at all to get in regularly, like any other club in Vegas, if you want to sit down you need to pay. A lot. XS is one of the pricier places on the Strip, but at the same time it's worth every penny. The club is gorgeous. The music depends on the DJ - for my first visit it was a good mix of hip hop and EDM (mostly hip hop, though). For my second visit (just this past weekend) they had a guest DJ, Dirty South, and it was all EDM. Not really my thing but the atmosphere of XS makes it hard not to have an amazing time.Our table this past weekend was outside, right next to the pool. You can't go swimming, but there's a wide ledge with ankle-deep water around the entire pool and we took our shoes off and danced in there without any problems. The outdoor area wasn't crowded at all, but you couldn't move inside, especially on the dance floor. That said, looking back I'm not even sure the table was necessary - at least not for the price. But part of that is because we got there early enough to not have to deal with waiting in line, period, and I was wearing comfortable enough shoes to not care about sitting down.Regardless, I'd definitely give XS another go on my next trip to Vegas.
1	We were waiting for over 1 h and,  the  bouncer whit guy and Asian guy who work s there  was cutting the line and passing ppl for $20 each  per person (side jab good money ) any way we Decide to pay him and we got in was fun
3	Still one of the better night clubs in Las Vegas despite the opening of MGM Grand's Hakkasan and Mandalay Bay's The Light. I guess part of the reason is that XS is located inside Encore, which is still one of the nicest hotels on the strip. The ridiculously long line that wraps around the outside of the club can be jaw dropping. Either plan to queue up before the club opens or find a reliable promoter that will walk you in. Small groups of well-dressed ladies should have no trouble doing this. As far as cover is concerned, I've never had to pay, but guys should expect to pay at least $30+. Peak weekends might even cost $100/guy.XS is a big club with gorgeous decor and a sprawling layout. There's an indoor section with multiple bars and tables encircling a dance floor with the DJ in the center. The dance floor isn't small, but there's always so many people there that you feel like you're in a mosh pit. Fortunately, there are two pole sections at the front of the dance floor for the drunk ladies to get their dance on. For those who want some fresh air as they drink their night away, there's an outdoor section that is more chill and spacious. It comes with a giant pool, more bars, upstairs cabana tables worth $$$$$, and a small gambling area. The only downside is that you can't really hear the music.The crowd is mixed (there ARE a lot of Asians) and everybody's dressed to impress. Drinks run at your typical Vegas prices of around $15/drink. The DJs are mainstream headlining giants so expect all the Top 40 EDM radio hits. Expect a lot of fist pumping and glowstick waving.My biggest complaint about this club is...THE SMELL. Dear lord. For some reason, the whole club smells like the armpit of a dude who hasn't showered for a week. Maybe something died in the rafters but they need to find the source and exterminate it. Please just put some Febreeze in the air conditioning because the stench is toxic. I guess if you drink enough alcohol, you probably won't notice.
5	One of the club promoters approached us on the strip during the day and asked if we were interested in going to XS at the Wynn. At first, I thought this seemed sketchy, but then we decided to head over there the second night. It was a great decision! I felt like a celebrity at this nightclub! The nightclub is indoor and outdoor with several pools. VIP seating is located both inside and outside with bottle service, but we just sat outside near the pool. Drinks are expensive, but this is Vegas, so don't be stingy. By 11 pm, the outdoor area was crowded, so we decided to dance inside. I had a great time! Many celebrities including royalty (Prince Harry), Jonas Brothers, Afrojack, Avicii, etc show up to this nightclub. I definitely recommend going to this club!
5	I love XS. Get treated like a VIP here. Lots of seating/ space. During summer months they do a Sunday Swim at nighttime and there's no dress code. Industry Mondays are a great day to get a cheap table. They have tables by the back bar so you can gamble. Get on guestlist with promoter for free entry, if you have to wait in line, good looking girls get pulled from the line to get in faster and reduced admission. Comp drink slips are good for up to $20 each. If Afrojack is playing, he goes until like 5AM. DJ is inbetween the outside and inside so there's no bad spot or table in the club, but there's only 1 room so you better like the entertainment for the night.Dance floor gets SUPER crowded for headliners. I had to get saved once by a large Samoan bouncer because I was getting crushed. I owe him my life. LOTS of celebrities come by here and usually hang out by the stripper pole stage left of the DJ.Great people that work here and funny locals/ regulars. Last time there was a guy doing magic for tips and he was AMAZING!
3	This place is big enough to have two stages, so why was there only one?  They should take out the gambling tables and set up a DJ booth right there. It didn't make sense to me to PAY a cover and then go gamble? You can gamble ANYWHERE in Vegas, why would you do it at a club?Other than that, this place is nice, super crowded dance floor. Later during the night when it got more packed, people were dancing in the pool. Cool.
4	So we end up at XS after being unable to get in to Hakkansan and trust me we were not disappointed! This place is incredible the inside was gorgeous and the outside was a great spot to enjoy the music and get some fresh air.We end up seeing Rusko  and dancing the night which was a blast.  I would defiantly recommend checking it out here!
4	Definitely one of the clubs you have to go to if you're in town. Still one of my go to clubs in Vegas!
5	Everything I said last time about XS being awesome still holds true. Another plus--since it's partly outdoors, you don't have to suffer and breathe in secondhand smoke like inside Hakkasan. Still the best club in Vegas!
4	Still one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. You know once you're inside this is exactly the type of A-list clubs you see in movies. It's beautifully decorated with a nice pool area with cabanas lining the second floor over the outside area, and you can still get a pretty good side view of the stage. However, my last experience there trying to get onto the dancefloor was insane. Even though the dancefloor was packed, it was almost impossible to try and even navigate it because the security guarding the dancefloor walkways wouldn't let you thru unless you were willing to pay them or show them some attention or skin -____- Disgusting! This was the first time I was ever expected of this inside of a club.. you would think they would hassle you with things like that if you were trying to get into the club or jump the line prior to entering... Other then that, the club itself is easy to navigate, and the restroom situation is pretty fast and short (avoid the cabana restrooms).
5	They treats locals like kings and queens. Great local quality djs and celeb djs. Organized staffing inside and outside. Quality filtered crowd. Clean restrooms and club. No bad odors in or out. Smells fresh, new and clean and worth bottle service. Girls are taken care of with drinks and entrance into the club. A great place for a B-day. The outdoor views are amazing. Bigger mass produced commercial clubs may open but there's only one XS. I like Surrender and Tryst too. Marquee and Act are cool.
4	This is probably my favorite club in Vegas yet. This club is huge, and I love the open layout, unlike other clubs which have soo many stairs to climb up and down. We came for Avicii, all the girls got in the free but the guys had to get presale tickets.  Since we came super early, we had lots of time to roam around.There is a large pool area, plenty of places to sit, and an indoor dance floor with tables, etc.   I hated the indoor area, it became so claustrophobic when Avicii came on that I had to leave.  The outdoor area became so crowded after that so I only listened to half of Avicii and I had to leave.  I did enjoy the poles that they had for girls to dance on. You have to come here if you go to Vegas or else it would be a huge waste.
4	Xs is probably one of the classiest clubs out here. Security is pretty strict, most clubs will kick you out if you're seen too drunk to handle yourself or if you're spotted doing inappropriate things. Tip-Ask your promoter for you to get on the guestlist on tryst for some hiphop and then at a certain time you can walk over to Xs, so in that way when you get sick of one scene you can club hop for free!
3	My bf and I had prepaid tickets to see Avicci here. Once you navigate the maze to get to the prepaid ticket line, getting in the club didn't take too long. Do I think this place is beautiful? Yes. It oozes opulence and luxury, and the outside looks beautiful at night, sandwiched between the 2 Wynn buildings. Until Avicci came on, they basically played the same beat for hours. Boring! The crowd leaned heavily on the Asian side. It took about 20 minutes to get a drink once the club got packed, so order as much as you can once you finally make it to the bar. I'd probably come back, but there are so many other options in Vegas. After all the good things I've heard about XS, I was slightly disappointed.
4	Swankified and fun atmosphere, especially when you have DJ's like Afrojack and David Guetta in the house! This is a nightclub that seriously knows how to party.Guide to having a good time at XS:1. Go on a night with topnotch DJ's whose music you can groove to for many hours.2. Get a VIP table + bottle service if you can fork up the money. IT'S WORTH IT.3. Look around. Lots of interesting/strange characters!4. Dance. Laugh. Have a good time.The layout at XS is great because you get a great view of the DJ from almost every angle. The outdoor area features a pool where crazy antics take place. There is minimal seating for the general public -- gotta stand if you don't pay up. If you're okay on your feet for hours you'll be fine, but ladies know it is SO worth it to have a table. Not to mention service from the hostesses is excellent and they're also pretty cute.My favorite part of the night was dancing up on the cushions of our booth seats (happy feet!). It was comfy as well as an awesome vantage point. We could see: 1) all the oddly dressed and/or super drunk people around us and 2) AFROJACK+GUETTA as they dropped those beats!DATE TIP (Gentlemen): Make a note of the paragraph above regarding seating. The ladies will love you if you have a table. Or at least visit you to rest their feet. ;)DATE TIP (Ladies): Cushion dancing is awesome, but at an elevated height one is much more prone to creative pickup lines. A small price to pay for the view you get!
5	Our group of 5 girls got to XS right before midnight and it was packed!  We danced for a bit on the dance floor, but my GF's didn't like EDM so we took a break to go get drinks.  Apparently it was Nicky Hilton's birthday that night, but I didn't even notice them coming in.  What I love about this club is the pool area where you can take your shoes off and dance in the water without guys bothering you too much.  Plus the weather outside was perfect for dancing since it was getting too hot to dance inside.  I just wished the DJ would have played a mix of hip-hop, top 40 dance so that my friends would have danced more.  The last time I was here, Will.I.Am came to DJ at the end of the night (1:30 am) and we got to see Usher and David Guetta!  I think XS will always be my favorite!
5	-Easy entrance with girls or a fat tip-I prefer this place because they have an outdoor section that is easy to get too-There are lots of poles accessible to girls to dance on and get ratchet.-Theres a couple of ledges for girls to sit on...when you get too ratchet.-Theres always a god dj here, but their lights aren't as fancy and trippy compared to hakkasan or light. But they still do the confetti drops and air blowers (idk the proper name for it!) which is always exciting.-inside of the club isn't as big as marquee or light. No second floor, no hard stairs for ladies to climb or elevatorsBTW- girls, I highly suggest getting some type of wrislet to put your phone in. EVERYTIME (and this is atleast 4 times) I've gone to this club, there's always a girl trying to find her phone in the midst of a crazy crowd and a floor full of confetti and empty cups. So, fair warning!Promoters:Rachel: 17025574160 also does trystVincent: 19096460098 also does Marquee, hakkasan, wet and encore
5	If you go to Vegas you have to check out XS nightclub at the Wynn.  This is probably as good as any club gets.  Beautiful outdoor area with a pool...gambling tables by the pool.  I was here for Labor Day weekend...prices to get in were out of control.  If you're a girl you can get in free.  Guys had to pay.  Only downside to this club is the prices of the alcohol.  Cans of beer were like $12.  No bottles.  Didn't even attempt to get a mixed drink.  Great music!  Like I said this is as good as clubbing gets.  Every girl wears a little dress.  If you wear pants you will feel out of place.  I'm in my late 30's.  Crowd is 20's and young 30's.  It's a fun time.  Inside club is amazingggg with great music.  Must goooooo!
5	This was probably the best club space in town, and if you've been to most of the "hot spots" you'll know what I'm talking about. This place is huge, not to mention that it extends out into the pool area, so everyone's not walking on top of each other like TAO *cringe* The music was amazing the DJs were on point, I especially liked the streamers/confetti that were tied into the music, I know they do this at all of the club spaces, but I felt it tied in better here.I didn't have any issues with the line because I stayed at Encore and got complementary VIP tickets, so I was able to wave goodbye to everyone who waited in the general line which is a huge plus!My only complaint is the smell, which seems to be stronger in some areas than others, its really bad and after reading the reviews it seems I'm not the only one who notices it. But over all this is my new favorite, I plan on going here next time I visit!
5	fabulous fabulous fabulous!! the best pool party ever!!
1	Went here last night for my brothers birthday. The host outside told us there was only one table left in the club. He gave us a 2k minimum and then asked for a $500 handshake. Table was tiny and in front of a pillar, it was terrible. He also kept harassing us for a $500 tip that was regular for the tables. He forced us to pay him or 'else'Oh and it was a complete lie, there were dozens of free tables.
5	Holy fucking amazeballs! it was a toss up if my friend and I were going to see Tiesto or Avicii that night in LV and just so happened that one of my friends that lives there said they were going to XS. Easy decision there. Got to the Wynn and found out that the event was being hosted by none other than Mr. Olympia himself, Mr. Phil Heath! Cover was $75 to wait in line, or $100 to skip the line. I didnt feel like waiting in line, fuck it. Get inside and theres gratuitous amounts of T & A rubbing up on you because its packed like a sardine can! the DJ was on stage pumping up the crowd, beats liberating the women dancing on tables, strip pole platforms, dancefloor, and even in the pool. The line for the bar was forever and a day...if you were a bitch about it...and prices were typical Las Vegas ridiculousness. made it from the indoor part of the club to the outdoor part between Wynn and Encore where there was a little more room to move around, dance, and mingle with the other clubbers. Didnt get smashed drunk like some people there, not baller enough like that, but thoroughly enjoyed my night with a lot of beautiful people in an environment that can only be described as electric! my wallet can definitely wait to go back, but I for one cant wait for my next adventure at XS.
5	My dear girlfriends took me to Vegas for my 40th birthday.  I was not going to write reviews about places I've been to in Vegas as they always say "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  However, it would be a crime not to share this place with my other Yelp friends.  We had a fabulous time and the most memoriable 40th birthday ever (not that I had another one after this).  We drank, danced, and drank some more.  The music was great.  Beautiful/young people were everywhere.  I felt like a grandma in XS but that's a different story.  This club was huge with plenty of outdoor sitting.  The dance floor was a very good size so I didn't step on that many guys.  There were pools outside so you could even strip off your clothes and jumped right in when you're too drunk to know any better.  XS exceeded my expectations.  However, the drinks were expensive.  You couldn't really sit down indoor unless you spent a buck load of cash for a table.  I didn't come here to sit down so it's not a big deal.  I will definitely come back for my 50th birthday.
3	Last time I was here, I came with 3 girls, who got in immediately and I was directed into a separate line. Then I proceeded to wait in line for 2 hours before I was able to see the front desk where patrons were paying cover. During those 2 hours, I watched people pay an extra bill or two to the line ushers to cut to the front of the line. I'm assuming that this is one of the reasons why the cheap "I-already-am-going-to-pay-$55-to-get-in" line is barely budging... haha. I also discovered that you can get the pre-sale tickets online before 8 pm (I believe...) for $30 (depending on the event) and you won't have to wait in line! SO DO THAT!It does take a little planning but I would totally recommend it!
5	Oh man. Living outside of a major city like London, New York, and Amsterdam, I am always looking for the best club experience when I visit somewhere new. After climbing the Hakkastairs the night before, I was excited to try a top rated club on the other side of the strip.Wolfgang Gartner brought world class dance music to an awesome venue. I was a bit put off by the massively crowded indoor dance floor, but totally enjoyed the outdoor clubbing experience by the pool.Great time!
3	I went for free with my company. It was private for my company in the beginning then it opened to the public. There was no where to sit. And this was just with my company. Then when it opened to the public there was no where to move. For free I would go again. If I had to pay I'd skip it.
4	Highlight of the trip!My friends and I were rocking this nightclub for the first time.  We enjoy the pool time!  Dance floor, full of people like other famous nightclub.
5	Hands down--- thee BEST club in Vegas.They always have the best DJs, the best looking people and always offers the best time!I love the gorgeous and open lay out of this club. I mean, it's huge! In my first review in 2011, I knew nothing! Girls! Always get on a guest list. Find them on IG,  through a girlfriend, heck ask me if you need, but guest list will save you a lot of time and money! Every Vegas trip, XS is always a must. During the summer they even have night swim on Sundays! So awesome! If it's your first time here, definitely explore. The club goes back really far! I love soaking my toes and dancing in the water at the end of the night. Great times are to be had here!
3	The environment is what everyone raves about, which is understandable because it is beautiful. However, the check-in line sucks!!!!
5	First time seeing Afrojack live.  My friends and I came really late and so we got pre-paid tickets online.  No line at all.  Walked in and the place was packed.  I didn't think Afrojack would be great.  He actually was.  He paid hard music.  My kind of music...
5	Amazing! I came here a few weeks ago, and had the best time! Be warned you'll be dancing until the sun comes up if your not careful! Females get two free drinks, thank goodness as the prices are expensive, so pre drinks before hand are a must! There is confetti and ribbons the explode from the roof! Ahhh sooo much fun! Def visit if ur in Vegas!
5	Definitely the #1 club in Las Vegas if not the world. Always an amazing time at this venue! Being a female checking in is a breeze, the bartenders/security/promoters are always nice, there is SO much space and it is absolutely beautiful inside and out. Incredible DJ lineups and you can't beat the sound/lighting system. I will never miss out on XS when visiting Vegas. There are also gaming tables outside which is really neat if you need a break from the dance floor, and their Sunday Nightswim during summer cannot be beat!
3	Great DJ on Monday's. Make sure you get a table with bottle service, or you'll spend half the night in line waiting to order drinks at the bar. And if you want to dance, pick a booth inside! Starts to pick up after 2 AM.
5	It's one of the best clubs I've ever been to. It's pretty expensive, but it's worth getting the experience there. Usually has long lines, so we went there around 10:30pm and got in almost right away. I've read other reviews suggesting to get a table and we did. As I said earlier, it was pretty expensive but it's worth it. We've got a table near the pools, next to the DJ's - we could see the whole stage and DJ, as well as the nice view towards the pools and Encore.
4	Awesome night club. DJ Eric Prydz was in the house last week and he rocked the place! Dance floor was more crowded than usual, but that was to be expected. The club has a really nice layout, and I love how it opens up to the outside pool area. Drinks are pretty pricey though. A long island will run you $17. Other mixed drinks around $15. I'm glad they didn't close off the outside like some other clubs just because it's November. The weather is fine and it's nice to get some cool air. I just hope they choose to ban smoking some day. That's always the worst part about any club. But I've always had great experiences here, so I highly recommend it if you're in Vegas.
5	I remember when I wasn't of age I kept hearing about XS. Mind you I've never gone to a club (I actually waited haha) ever since I turned 21 I go here all the time. They have my all time favorite Dj - Porter Robinson. I wouldn't miss his shows for anything! I always have a good time here except this one time someone stole my phone which isn't the clubs fault. Just some 'low life who can't afford a phone' fault. :( Anyway this is definitely a hot spot! Check it out!!!
3	XS is still my favorite club in Las Vegas. I've been to Light & Hakkasan and I still love XS! I do however, have a HUGE COMPLAINT which is why I'm taking off 2 stars, the inside of the club reaks of vomit & stinky feet!! I came here the weekend of Nov 1st, and my sister warned me that her last time to XS, she said it smelled like nasty foot odor and throw-up. I didn't believe her and told her it was probably a one time thing (since I've been here so many times and never experienced any foul smells). But, boy was I wrong!!! Right upon entering the club, it stunk so bad I had to plug my nose! I couldn't believe my favorite club has lost its "classy" reputation. I am very disappointed so I hope XS reads these comments & decides to clean their carpets or take notice of this and change something! Other than that, I still enjoyed myself because the outdoor of XS is amazing! I like the crowd, I like the ambience and I love the music. Feddie Le Grand was the DJ that night & I had the time of my life. I still love you XS but PLEASE do something about that raunchy smell inside your club. If you are indeed one of the hottest nightclubs in all of Las Vegas, you have to maintain that standard! Btw, Light nightclub is also another place that smells like feet (and it's a very new club)! Also, Tryst smells like feet & vomit too. Lol.
4	I came here for Halloween weekend and let me tell you it was crazy packed! I couldnt even really move around! Anyways, I came on Halloween day and Kaskade was performing that night at XS! I was on guest list and i didnt have to wait in line, just got my ID looked at, got my stamp on my hand, walked in and got my free complimentary drink thanks to my promoter Brian T! However, I have to give 4 stars instead of 5 because it was OVERLY packed, like literally OVER CAPACITY! Security wouldnt let people from the inside into the pool area/outside area. I couldnt even really move, but hey I was drunk and the music was great! I'll be back but not on a crazy holiday like Halloween LOL
5	This place was my one-stop station to get on the hot mess express. But I loved it. Walked in through VIP, bypassing the line, didn't pay cover, and then in the middle of getting our first round of drinks, mother-effing will-I-am shows up as the guest DJ. WHATTTT?!?!?! It was awesome. Plus they played some of my new favorite hits (BONELESS loveeeee Steve Aoki) Loved the outdoor part of the club. Ladies and gentlemen alike were attractive here. Had a blast and would definitely return if I'm ever back in Vegas!
4	Came here on Veteran's day weekend when Will.I.Am was performing. Bought presale tickets so woohoo, Zero waiting in line when we arrived around 11pm!!!  If you're with a group of people and there are an even number of guys to girls, or more guys than girls, then definitely buy tickets or reserve a booth. Otherwise, it's pretty much waiting in line for 2+ hours. Drinks were definitely watered down so drink up before hand, but at $13 - $16 for the usual drinks, it's not that bad. The best part of the entire night in my opinion, was the fact that there are very little stairs! That way, ladies can wear the highest of heels and still survive the night. Overall, if you like bright lights, confetti machines on the dance floor, swaying around with a bunch of people, and many opportunities to use instagram, XS will not disappoint.
5	One of the most beautiful night clubs in the city. You'll be standing in line for a long time so make sure you're at least on the guest list.
4	If it gets too crowded, hop in the pool behind the DJ booth! If you're not going in with a table reservation, make sure you get your stamps before 10pm, then go home (to get ready, pregame more, scarf down food, etc.) because there will be a line after 10:30!
5	I don't know how many times I been here throughout the past couple years, but xS is always a must visit on every trip for me out to Vegas.Hand's down my favorite venue and possibly the most beautiful club in Las Vegas.  If you aren't familiar with it, xS consists of an inside main room and also an outdoor patio/pool area. The venue itself is HUGE..easily fits in 1000s of people if you count the outside area.Easiest way to get in is with BOTTLE SERVICE...haha no shit right? But it's true. Main room tables go easily in the 5k minimum range (depending on DJ talent) and tables are cheaper in the outside area. If your hosts tell you to arrive early MAKE SURE YOU DO, because xS sells out. So if you're getting a lower end table be sure to follow through with your host or else you're table will get sold and you'll have to grease your way into acquiring another table. I seen the bottle line be as long as general admission lines at other clubs sometimes. Other then that, girls always get the easy entrance. But for my male counterparts out there, the easiest way to get in without dropping a couple grand for bottle service is with with presale tickets. You pay about half of the door cover price. Highly recomended if it's a big name DJ like Avicii, David Guetta, or Afrojack.My favorite party in town is xS Sunday Night Swim. Nighttime pool party on Sunday nights in the summer. I always used to leave Vegas on Sunday until I discovered this party, now I always stay on Sunday nights! And don't look like a newbie, majority of people show up in dayclub attire!If you're looking for less of a tourist crowd and less hassle to get into the club, Monday nights is xS industry nights. Bottle minimums are alot lower and its super easy to get inside. I've never had a bad time here and i love partying at Wynn/Encore!
2	I really don't know why the ratings for this place is so high. The line is ridiculously long and slow. Unless you are willing to pay the bouncer some $$$ be ready to wait at least an hour in line. I don't mind waiting in line, but once I was in it was a complete sausage fest. The ratio was so messed up omg it was like 10 guys to 1 girl on a Friday night. The positive thing, it is a nice big club and I like the outdoor area to chill.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas.I came here a couple of weeks ago with my girlfriends. We got in for free and got a free drink card for a cocktail up to $20. When we got in at 10pm on Friday night, it was pretty empty, but after an hour, it was filling up. My girlfriends and I had a great time dancing and mingling with guys. Then, without any notice, Deadmau5 came up and starting DJing. The whole club went crazy! It was one of those magic Vegas experiences that you don't forget. I would definitely come back to XS. So much fun!
5	XS last night was so awesome!!! My friends and I decided on a random trip to Vegas and XS made it a success!! Thanks to Gia who got us in with complimentary drinks--we had a ball! Met some cool people from all over and danced till we dropped!
5	Hands down best club in vegas. Don't bother by looking elsewhere, this is where you need to be if your planning a night out. It's very upscale, the crowd is hot and the music is exactly what we were looking for. However, it's very expensive, 35$ admission, 10$ coat check, and 11+ for drinks. Bottles start at 450$. Still great scene.
5	Came here for Sultan and Ned Shepard.  I had an amazing time.  They're supposedly under construction so the outdoor area wasn't open, but that just made the indoor area seem more lively.  I went with two buddies and we pre-purchased tickets online for ~$38, knowing about our gender disadvantage.  Arrived at about 10:45 and got in a little less than an hour later.  Definitely helps to have a promoter but it seemed that they were just letting groups with girls in as long as their ratios were 1:1 or better.  The last time I went to XS they had only opened a small portion of the outdoor area, basically just some of the tables outside behind where the DJ was.  Even this area was closed off this time around.  I'm not sure how accurate I am about this, but it seemed even that Surrender is having larger crowds than XS nowadays.  I know one reason why sections of clubs are closed off is because they don't expect as much people but they still want to make the club seem crowded.  Whether or not this was the reason this past weekend I'm not sure.Anyway I really like the vibe of XS.  The music was awesome after Sultan and Ned Shepard came on.  Before that at around 11:30-12:30 it was pretty good too, but you could kind of tell the DJ was asked either to withhold from playing certain songs or to lame it down a little before Sultan and Ned Shepard.  Either way when they came on at 1:00 AM everyone had a really good time.  Drinks are more expensive here than at TAO, which I went to on Friday night.  Hennessy and OJ (which was my drink of the weekend) was running at $15 at TAO and $17 at XS.  Not that big of a difference, but it does start racking up.There wasn't much of a line for the men's bathroom both times that I visited.  XS will still remain on my list of recommendable clubs, even with new contenders like Hakkassan and Light.  In the end it's more important who's performing, what kind of music you like, and who you're with.  For me, XS on 11/30 was all I could ask for.tl;dr - yes.
5	Beautiful nightclub! Huge with gorgeous seating and decor with a pretty big dance floor. There are stripper poles to dance on if you feel so inclined. Also, you can go outside and stand near the pool where it's all lit up and it's super cozy. When I go back to Vegas I will for sure be going here!
5	So I've been to pretty much all the popular clubs in Vegas except for this one until this past weekend.  I must say this turned out to be probably one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  I love the nice open feel to it and the outdoor area, although the pool was closed and blocked off, I could tell it'd be pretty nice during the summer months when they don't have the area blocked off.  We had bottle service and for the most part service was great....Until next time...cheeers!
3	Have to admit that I have not been to many clubs in Las Vegas. However, we decided to check it out. We ended up waiting in line for two hours which soured my mood. Once we got in, the place was smaller than I expected and there was one dj on the stage. There were lots of asians and indians at this club. The dance floor was so crowded that I could hardly move. The outdoor area was also too small.  I think Tao is much better.
5	My first time in XS was in 2010.  Lots of things has changed since then but XS still remains my favorite club.  The music is great.  Always easy to get a drink at the bar.  The crowd is friendly.  I hear from many locals that XS is the only club they go to.  Regretfully, I only visit once a year.  Stay awesome XS.  See you in 2014!
4	After living in Las Vegas for over 7 years, I FINALLY decided to go to XS. I'd previously avoided it because I abhor waiting in long lines, but was convinced to go with some girlfriends and was really impressed.  The line wasn't long at all, and we were able to get right in.As I expected, the club is gorgeous. There was enough room to dance, it wasn't crazy crowded, and the bathrooms were spotless (that means a lot). It is, as most Vegas clubs are, heavy on the EDM, but the vibe here was fun and festive. There are all kinds of places to stand above the crowd and dance if you like as well! Of course, drinks and bottle service are uber expensive, but that is to be expected, I suppose. Luckily, we were invited to tables, so that wasn't much of an issue!
4	After you've endured the long wait of wknd night lines for XS, you will be glad you did because this place is AMAZING!Everything from the decor, to the drinks, to the people, to the outdoor area screams VEGAS! Get your credit cards and cash ready.. its going to be a good time!
4	Noice
5	Beautiful club with great music! I attended on a Friday night with a group of friends. We all had an amazing time. The bar was quick and efficient and the staff is super friendly and accommodating. Arrive early to avoid a long wait or better yet, get on a guest list. Shawna from XS hooked me up and she is super attentive and amazing with follow up! Be sure to get in touch with her to make arrangements esp on busy nights. This club has a diverse age group, so I felt in my zone as a 30 something year old ;) The drinks are poured generously and the vibe is incredible. Make this a must if you are looking for a hot club! I saw comments about it smelling bad, so I was wary because I have a super strong gag reflex, but I found no smells at all - super clean and well kept. The outside area was closed when I went, but I would not have ventured outside in the 25 degree weather anyway! CHECK IT OUT!!
2	If you are coming here and want the "club" experience, go elsewhere. This is pretty much a performing hotspot or rave like atmosphere. Even if you befriend promoters and work something out in advance, prepare to wait at least an hour to get in which eliminates your buzz. They probably do it on purpose so people will buy more drinks when inside. The security staff are rude brutes. Drinks are decent. We came when Redfoo of LMFAO was performing and he was good. The DJ before him was just okay. The atmosphere is shady as fuck. People being dumb and rude and just all over the place. We literally had no room, we were packed like sardines and it was ridiculous. When Redfoo came out, shit hit the fan. People straight poppin mollys and being all retarded since they obviously don't know how to handle their shit. Amateur hour, for real for real. It's similar to Ruby Skye in SF but way smaller. The layout is shit as well. One central walkway to the club and with so many people that's completely dumb. Yeah there were side entrances but they were equally as small given the amount of people in the club. Getting around was a nightmare, could barely dance and the wait make this club not worth the trouble at all. If you ladies are getting dolled up and the fellas coming in fly as hell, go elsewhere to impress. If you want to see an artist or go rave, this is the spot. Otherwise, don't waste your time. Will not be coming back to just go out clubbing. However if Calvin Harris or Kaskade perform I would come back for that.
3	Maybe I have a really high expectation to this most famous club in Las Vegas, it is just not good enough! If you have been to Coco Bonco in Cancun, you expect the best club in Las Vegas should be much better. We arrived around 1030. The line was already long. We got in fast because we had more girls than guys. But the club was half empty. The club got full around 1130. The music was nice, and of course the decoration. The alcohol, and the coat check service were extremely expensive!! I strongly recommend everyone not bring jacket or bag there. The price is higher than you take taxi back to your hotel to put your stuff then take taxi back. Overall, it is good but it is not good enough to be called The Club in Las Vegas.
2	I'm not one to brag, but I've had my fair share of clubs throughout my lifetime. Maybe it was just because Redfoo was performing tonight but omfg, XS needs to work on their crowd control. I mean seriously, I was literally sandwiched between 5 people and I couldn't even lift my arms up.Granted, the venue is pretty nice compared to the other clubs I've been to in the US and the layout is segmented quite nicely. Don't get me wrong, I'm pretty sure the dance floor is a decent size but the security should definitely make sure that it isn't over capacity. Personally, I would suggest putting a cap on the # of people allowed in the club (rather than the dance floor because people were sneaking in). I understand people trying to make a profit but cmon, if your club is that crowded, you're gonna lose the reputation that you'd much rather have.Another complaint that I had was that I had to experience "champagne showers" first-hand. Trust me, it isn't fun when you're stuck in a sea of sweaty people...Overall, I really wanted to like this venue, but the control of the # of people is just not there. I mean, the music was good and the venue itself is really nice, but the fact that I couldn't even dance brought my experience to rock bottom. Oh and we waited in line for 30+ minutes even though we were on the guest list. Maybe I'll try it again during summer since I hear that there's an outdoor section.
4	ASIANS ASIANS ASIANS! There are so many Asians here, and I don't blame them because XS is pretty awesome :) I love the patio area in the back as well as all of the decorations/lights/stripper poles in the club. And the BATHROOMS! OH EM GEE the ladies' room is the fanciest bathroom I've ever seen!The only complaint I have is the music selection. I'm not a huge fan of techno or house, so it was hard to get hyped up on the dance floor. But that's nothing 3 shots of tequila can't solve!
5	I'm not much a nightclub person, but this place is incredible. Great drinks, friendly security, plenty of seating, an outdoor seating area, pool, and the list goes on.What I love most about this place is that they have an outdoor area and the club can get SUPER packed after 11pm so it's nice to be able to go outside and have a place to sit and get some air before heading back inside.
5	2000th review my favorite club! Kaskade NYE 2013!! :DSpacious and always the best DJs.I love how there's an outdoor area and you can go to the pool as well.Never had a bad night here!
2	Went here for new years to see kaskade. Or so we thought. Me and my friends were approached by a few guys that wanted to walk in with us because the ratio was better so they'd have to pay 200 instead of the regular $300. Well apparently these guys had already tried to get in and the asshole bouncer accused us of "trying to sneak guys in" and told us he shouldn't even let us in. Uhh please explain to me how we're "sneaking guys in" if they still have to pay $200. Ok really not the way to treat your clientele that are making you the most money. So we get through to the outdoor part of the club and apparently we don't have the right stamp to get on the dance floor. And neither do most people including huge groups of girls. So it's December in the desert late at night and you're not letting people inside. More like girls that you would want to pack the club with. Xs please work on your customer service. Skip this place if you're here during the winter. I'd rather be at marquee.
4	Honestly I see so many people give vegas clubs less stars because they complain that it was soooo crowded. Then why are you in vegas? go home! obviously its going to be crowded. 1. its vegas. 2. who wants to go to a dead looking club? not me!  I understand if the architecture of the place makes it worse but I don't think thats the case with XS.Anyways I really love XS, I have come to XS every time I go to Vegas so far. The first time they didn't really have a big name DJ playing but Surrender did. And we went to XS first the line was sooo long but thank god we were a group of 8-9 hot girls ;) hehehe I love my friends. I get free stuff just by being with them heehee.  Anyways. we went to Surrender around 1:30 since its in the same hotel thing. but it was not crackin AT ALL. I stayed maybe 30-40minutes and bounced back to XS. Way more people and way more fun! woohoo! The second time I went was during Christmas break time and Morgan Page was playing and it was poppin AGAIN! I texted Dave and got on his line and this time I was able to get two guys in with us fo fweeee~ and of course the free drink tickets yay! thanks dave! Once again hella crackin and a decent crowd. LADIES! there are poles to dance on ;) LOLL. but yea I always run into people I know at XS. Another great night! yay! XS ... momma will be coming back home to you soon!
5	My favorite club in Vegas! Great music, vibe, crowd, and venue. Indoor and outdoor, love it!
3	The club is of course beautiful inside and outside in the pool area. We went there to see david guetta and it ended up being a. Very good night and we all (group of 15 ppl) enjoyed it a lot.So why only 3 starts? I have been to many clubs inside us and overseas and  dont have any issue with overcrowded clubs and understand that this is to be expected in known clubs especially if there is a big name in the house. But this was to another level they had oversold the tickets and there were so many people inside that we couldnt move (im not talking about the dancefloor) it would take us 10 minutes to move 20-30 ft it was ridiculous. This went on for a couple of hours but it got a lot better by the mid of his set i think a lot of ppl just got mad and left. I suggest they increase their prices but sell less number of tickets
5	XS will forever be my favorite club in Las Vegas. A little smaller, a little more intimate and what I believe started my liking for a lot of DJs. I highly recommend you contact a promoter so you can purchase cheaper tickets before. From what I remembered there is more than one bar. It isn't so stuffy because behind the DJ Stage is a opening for fresh air. One downside about this club are the lights. There isn't much a light-show going as Light but wait for it.... there is a mini pool outside that girls (guys sorry, no splashing in the water for you) can play in. Yes, that's right I said it. We can play in the water if we want. A lot of girls who can't handle the high heels, rest here and splash their stanky feet in here so I wouldn't recommend taking a dive. But it's a little perk for girls who come to Vegas from March-Aug. Whenever I come here I always having a blast. A must!
4	Pretty cool place got to see Avici upclose and got in free not a bad place at all.
5	XS is my favorite club in Las Vegas. I am a local and every time I go out I go to XS!I usually go in on the guest list so that entry is free and I get drink tickets (which are good for premium drinks btw!!!) And the club is always busy and fun! It's gorgeous inside so I usually end up taking a bunch of pictures. Plus they have the best DJ's. If you've never seen Diplo live you are missing out. I went on New Year's Eve to see Kaskade and it literally changed my life. I love this nightclub so much. It's classy and filled with all the right people, but not snobby either. Whenever I go I use Michelle's guest list. She's awesome!! If you're going def text her at 908-770-3570. That girl always hooks me up at XS!!! If you are in Vegas you HAVE to check it out.
5	Contact Rachel if you want to be on the GL for this place. She hooked it up for me and my girlfriends the last time I was in Vegas. She was very responsive and friendly!  I would def hit her up next time I'm in vegas! +1 702-557-4160
1	In a 5 star hotel, a better consumer  is expected. these guys think just because they earn money, they can do whatever they want. No more business for them is a good punishment.
5	Best of the best. No other way to put it. Wynncore group knows how to go all out. Marquee is good, Light is great, but XS is simply the best. I always have an amazing time here and it does not disappoint. I've done bottle service and general admission and had great times either way. Presale tickets are the easiest, but if you can get enough people together to get bottles, its totally worth it. Top notch DJs as well!
2	I been coming to XS for years and have never had issues getting in with pre sale tickets until lately. Seems like if you have pre sale tickets you will wait a long time. What's going on XS??
5	I frequent Vegas pretty often and have to say that XS has NEVER done me wrong. I have an awesome promoter and love this place. During Night Swim in summer, it is literally one of the craziest/ dirtiest places to be. But without fail, I always have a great time at XS.
5	XS is my favorite club in Vegas no question.Awesome talent.Decent prices.Room to party.Buy pre-sale, get there at a decent time and enjoy your wild night.
5	If you're going to do a Vegas nightclub this is the spot. If you have a group of friends getting a table is the way to do it. This venue is beautiful, nicely ventilated, and the couple times I've been the music had been great. It's not all douchey or overcrowded like a lot or spots I've checked out. Saw RL Grime there this Monday and he was awesome. That trap music is really hot. Yah it's expensive to do one of these nights, but if you like to dance you should factor it into your budget, and go with a fun group. Come when there's a good DJ and try to negotiate a deal ahead of time.
3	Why do I always come to XS in the dead of winter? I give XS 4 stars for its outdoor pool area, but 3 stars for the indoor area. The indoor area, though comfortably insulated with just the right volume of EDM, does not give the swankiest impression.
5	Went for the first time last October Halloween weekend. Steve Angello was the DJ that night. He KILLED IT! Apparently they have guest DJs here all the time. It's your typical Vegas club you wait FOREVER in line unless you pay the bouncer $20  then you can skip the line then pay the $20-40 cover charge.The club itself is pretty big. Nice dance floor and the people there are beautiful. Of course the drinks are stupid expensive ($12 for a mixed drink) But that's why I brought my flask in I'm not spending that much for a drink lol Tryst which is next door at the wynn is usually my go to club but I think I found my new favorite spot. If you're a Vegas first timer get there early or try to go during the day and get on the guest list so you can skip the line.
4	Overrated. Supposedly best dance club on the planet. Pros:1. Very good DJ, music selection, lights, and sounds.2. Beautiful architecture and views.3. Many beautiful ladies. Cons:1. Dance floor is too small so it got too crowded. 2. People keep bumping you while walking in/out of crowded floor. Breaks your rhythm. 3. Many people just stand/walk. This is a Dance club; Not a Stand club. If you're not dancing, please go to pool area. Here people can listen to each other, introduce themselves, and then decide to dance. If not, there are plenty of fish in the sea.4. Management denied access to outdoor pool area to get fresh air, talk, and maybe dance outside. 5. Bouncers/Security are rude. If you will deny access, apologize, state the reason, and smile. You only need to get tough After people don't respond to reason. Being rude is not a good Customer Service trait.Tip for Ladies. After your man knows you, high heels become a burden. Invest in comfortable dance shoes.
5	This was my 4th outing to a Las Vegas night club, and I was blown away by XS.  I probably took over 100 pics during the course of the time we were at XS - made for a hilarious scrap book.  Our wolf pack consisted of only 3 this time which is actually a great size in my opinion.  Three - four people is the best size for clubs because if you're going to do bottle service you don't get screwed on the pricing.  If you have a large group, I suggest not doing table service and paying as you go on drinks.I have always visited Las Vegas the way almost everyone does and that's a Thursday - Sunday trip.  This time around we went Sunday - Wednesday.  Honestly, it makes no difference.  Vegas is a town where people come to party no matter what day of the week.  We checked the internets to see what night would be the best at XS and Monday seemed to be pretty popular.  Well we were in luck because Diplo was spinning that night.  It didn't even feel like we were at a nightclub, this was a full on EDM concert.  It was sick.  If you ever get a chance to see Diplo live, do not hesitate - this guy was amazing.Quick run down on table location, and pricing.  Table location doesn't really make a difference at this place.  The tables are situated in a horse shoe shape around the DJ set, and it's stadium style.  So you step down 3 steps and there will be another horse shoe row of all tables.  Step down another 3 steps and you're on the dance floor.  Get the idea?  Price for the table and our liter of Maker's Mark was $600 or $200 per person (tax & tip included).  I recommend always paying up front and pay with cash.  Do not give them your credit card and keep it open...you'll get drunk and be tempted to get more drinks later on.The chain of events: We hung around the table, befriended some Japanese tourists, drank our bottle, took pics and videos of people dancing on tables and falling off the tables, finished our bottle by 1AM, ditched our table for the dance floor which was literally the best part.  We were up by the barrier soaking up the sounds of Diplo.  Pretty sure this place stays open til 4AM - we were there until close.  A slow pocket does not exist at this place - it was non stop music, dancing, drinking, & partying.  Out of the 4 night clubs I have been to in Las Vegas (XS, Marquee, Tryst, & Tao), XS is my favorite.  If you have not been to XS, you need to go.- A Ry
4	Had one of the best nights of my life here! Only drawback is you can't go into the main room until very very late if you got in through a promoter. Usually stay in nightclubs only a few hours, but we stayed here from 11pm to 5am!
5	With all the new clubs constantly sprouting about in Vegas, XS remains numero uno! This spacious place makes the most out of their indoor/outdoor atmosphere without making you feel lost or claustrophobic. Your feet will be spared of nightmarish stairs and there are plenty of places to give them a break. XS touts some of the best djs, and it never disappoints in diversity. Sound system is great so you can dance from anywhere without having to be near the main stage.For the grand finale, I suggest jumping into the pool at the end of the night. Unless you have a bathing suit on, you will be escorted out like a celebrity. ;)If you want to feel like a VIP, you must hit up Rachel at 702-557-4160! She is by far one of the best promoters and delivers well on promises. Cant wait to be back at XS whenever I'm in Vegas!
4	Always a great party
5	Yes, this review is about three years too late.  That's about the number of years I've been going to Xs and I honestly cannot remember how many times I have been here.  It's a pretty decent number of times, but hey with age comes wisdom, so here's my two cents about what I think is Vegas's best club.Hands down this is my favorite club In Vegas.  It is absolutely gorgeous, everything about it from even before you enter the club to the bathrooms.  There's an indoor and outdoor section.  By the way, during the warmer months they open up the pool area so you can chill and stick your tired feet in.  Oh and I love their night swims, which is only open on Sunday nights during the summer months, mainly cause I love being in the pool and in my opinion night swim is so much better than day club.  You don't have to worry about dehydration and the sun as much. The only downside is that the water after a while gets kind of murky and you only wonder what's floating around in there. Bathrooms have plenty of stalls so you don't wait as long but sometimes there is a wait.  Coat check is towards the front entrance and hit up a promoter for guestlist, unless you want to be paying at the door.  Guestlist like goes relatively quickly but I would still suggest not being late.  Talk with your promoter about what time to be there and try to stick to it, yours is not the only party they have to take care of.Mostly edm music, but sometimes you'll get like lil Jon or will.i.am spinning.  Xs truly gives you the full Vegas experience, complete with pricey drinks.  Sorry, Vegas isn't cheap.
3	the club is pretty nice but the dj that was playing here last sunday wasnt too great.  they play the same type of music and didnt give much variety for me to shake my booty to.i really didnt appreciate those bounces guys that they have there.  Pretty rude if u asked me.  i was with my group and we left within the hour i think.
1	Security escorted two guys out of the club for kissing. They are a homophobic and sexist and treat gay men as second class citizens. This is unexceptable  and WRONG!!!! Never again!!!
1	Not accomodating at all. Completely ignored anything we said and never paid attention to the actual line. We wwaited for over two hours when we scheduled ahead of time. Do NOT go to this club unless you are best friends with a promoter or know someone who can get you in. Otherwise, thr bouncers will count up the girls and let only girls in..complete waste of time.
4	Hands down my favorite night club in Vegas! Large venue, nice music selection and very detailed and interesting inside decor. I really liked their outside pool. It's super cool to hang there at night and you will also be able to find places to sit. If you are a conversationist, you can definitely hold a decent conversation by the pool without needing to yell at each other.The promoters could be rude since they are very popular and there are many people who would like to get in. One time, one of the promoters totally ditched us and we couldn't get in because there was some famous dj playing there that night. We were all pissed but the next night, it was very fluent and we got inside pretty early when it was not so crazy yet and we stayed till it closed. So it really depends on the night and your luck. Yesterday zed was performing there. We thought it might be too crazy and too crowded so we didn't go. In hind sight I totally would have ditched hakkasan for xs!
5	The experience at XS is definitely top notch during my past two visits. I highly recommend reaching out to a promoter, especially on busy nights, to guarantee your entry and to obtain free entrance for the ladies. There are a lot of beautiful ladies in this club.The sound system is excellent...no blown bass like some clubs in LA.Inside the club, there is an indoor and outdoor section. The outdoor section has a pool and a clear view from behind the DJ.The club itself caters heavily to VIP bottle service, leaving little room for general admission to hang out except on the walkways or dance floor.Bathrooms are clean and modern and ventilation indoors is excellent...no lingering cigarette smoke!The only downside is that it was extremely packed during my last visit when Zedd was playing.
5	Wow, what a club. Came here on Saturday and saw Zedd and wow, what an experience. We were on an artist guest list so it was a little difficult to get in and to find the right line but totally worth it. The music is great, the venue was one of a kind and I stayed there til 330 am. Can't wait to come back.
4	This place is awesome, plus the dance floor is spacious and music is great! Local night is on Sunday, but get in line early because the line will be 1 hour or more... My suggestion is to find promoter and get on guest list, which will make your life easier!
5	Wish to party like a total, crazy Rock Star? Desire to feast your eyes on some beautiful ppl partying in a world-class, upscale club? How about dropping $10k on the Ono cocktail?XS has this and more. I promise. Okay, so I'd never drop that kind of money on something you'd pee out 10 minutes later. Even if I DID make millions, I just wouldn't bc of the shear principle.I was lucky enough to be w/some folks w/a little cheese and DID get to experience bottle service at our very own table. It did truly rock, I must say.This club is so hedonistic, I just love it. Music is on-point and sound system is perfect. I've been here 3 times and I'd go back. Did see Kanye West here in 2010. Not a fan of him as a person but do like some of his music. HINT: Get on the guest list - don't wait in line. :)
4	Okay, I feel compelled to update my review because now that I've gone to Vegas enough, I've decided that XS is my favorite club!Why you ask? I know I can always have a good time at XS. I can always count on you, XS, and I wanna thank you for that!My most recent experience at XS was when Tommy Trash was there in January! We actually were supposed to go to Light that night but the line was just too ridiculous and we couldn't get in after almost 2 hours of waiting...Thankfully, you saved the day, XS. As always, the club looks beaaaautiful from the moment you walk in! I managed to get the very front with some friends and made eye contact with Tommy Trash hehe so that was pretttty cool :) I also loved that the outdoor area was open, though it was January! It's so nice to be able to go out and get some fresh air :) So fun! Also, I think there won't be any more issues of XS being overly crowded like what I described in my August 2012 review since Hakkasan and Light are open now.
4	Massive nightclub with two main stages and multiple bars.  Came here to see Porter Robinson and it was unbelievably crowded, even when we got there around 12am.  It was still a lot of fun, other then the need to move a couple people out of the way.  It also seemed like a great place to come during the day with a massive pool in the middle.
1	I usually love to go to clubs in Vegas. Usually they are comfortable, have a dance floor, and have plenty of heaters outside for people to share. Yesterday, my friends and I went to this club to celebrate a few birthdays, including my own. I could tell none of the employees were prepared for the night. I kept seeing people running out heaters for the people who ordered bottle service which almost ran my friend over. So not only were my friends and I FREEZING but there was NO dance floor and we were required to keep walking around a pool to "keep us moving" away from the heaters the VIP's were using. Although we were the ones being pushed by arrogant men the bouncer still told us to "move along" and did not want to hear us out. So after not even an hour of being there my group of 16 friends, pissed, annoyed, and cold decided to leave this "club" if you'd even call it that since it had no dance floor.
1	This place will RIP you off right from the start. They make you wait and suffer in line and then the "VIP Host" says they will help you out if you pay them an extortion amount of tip per person in your party. Then they tell you that they will only let in 6-8 people per 30 minutes so that you get tired and will want to pay up. This is completely True as they control the line and they are hustling you. They even told my friend that if had to go to the bathroom that it will cost him $20 to get back in line. I hope everyone who had this kind of experience will write about it and hope that a newer club will get more popular than this place. Also, 1-star this place because I think they many fake reviews.  I came here on Friday night, the same day that I am writing this. Actually, I'm writing this in line. XS wants to mess with people in line and extort and hustle money out of people, well, we have a voice and we can teach them to treat people right! They door fee is also $55 and then they try to hustle you for more.
2	I've been to XS twice now and it just keeps getting worse. This past Saturday made me decided I'm never coming back unless someone is offering free bottle service. I would give one star, but XS gets two because the club is visually pleasing. So, Saturday. David Guetta is the DJ and we have guestlist, have to be in before 12am, cool. Not cool is that there are literally three different lines all in different locations for different things and that gets confusing. So, we finally find the correct line and get in. Our guestlist is for outdoor only so we can't go inside, random, but okay. We do have free drink tickets, but the drinks are poured so weakly here it's like drinking juice. The $19 Long Island didn't even do the trick. If you don't like EDM don't come here. Also, the creepiest of guys hang out here.
2	I've been to XS twice now.. the first time was to see Skrillex a couple years ago which was amazing. This time (On Friday), not soo much. They changed the whole set-up of the club! The DJ was David Guetta.. we got on the guest list but come to find out it was only for the outside with no inside access. It happened to be a tad bit windy and no where to sit or even dance. There is 3 different lines outside of the club to wait in so everyone is confused. 1 is for VIP, 1 is for guest list and 1 for people who aren't on any list. So if you aren't paying big bucks for a table or outside cabana don't even bother. We stood in line for the only bar outside for 45min, got one drink and then left for Hakkasan to make up for the night.
3	Going to try and rate this one on the actual venue and not the amazing concert that I went to there. (Deadmau5 and Wolfgang Gartner). The venue is okay. It's a club with a pool. It's not my favorite club in Vegas by any means, but it's not the worst I've been to either. The dance floor is fairly small and gets packed extremely easy when bigger artists come. I'd say the drink prices are "overpriced," but that's obvious when going to any club on the strip, lol. The pool was the best part of the club, to be honest, and even then, it's not the best pool club in Las Vegas. It has typical club standards for dress most of the time and it's best to arrive a little earlier, especially if bigger artists are going to be there. Nothing really stood out to me about the place, but I'm not going to avoid it. I think everybody should go there once for the experience. If you like to dance, however, try and find someplace with a bigger floor.
5	This is rated the #1 club in the USA for a reason.  Top DJs performing, great lighting effects, stiff drinks and all the bartenders looked pretty.  We had no issues getting in and were front stage when Guetta played.  Some of the crowd can be rude - pushing to get closer.  But all in all, this place is where you want to be.  Even the bathroom was pristine and had traffic control!  The outdoor pool can get crazy.  People jumping in fully clothed in Armani suits.  This is a place where you can NGAF and let loose.Get a promoter or it will be hard to get in.
4	Went last night on the guestlist and it was such a scam. They only allow you to stay outside and you can't go inside unless you pay. We were told by a promoter that we could just pay and cut the entrance line since we were already technically inside.Once we got there, they told us that we had to wait 2-3 hours. The entrance line is long but only artificially. They purposely don't let anyone in until around 12 because they want you to get frustrated with the line. The shark of promoters then circle waiting for you to try and bribe them to bring you up front and they charge whatever they want for that. One guy told us to pay him $100 + entrance fees for one guy and one girl $60. Then another said $140 + $60. Crazy. Finally this super sketch guy came up and told us $100 for all entrance and he would walk us up the VIP line. He wanted the money up front but we weren't having it. Waited until he literally walked us in the club with all the stamps then slipped him the $100. Omg such a scam!!!! And the other thing is that the party really doesn't go down until 1:30am! David guetta and the epic light shows don't come on til then. But I gotta say, when he came on it was freaking worth all the hassle. The place was jumping off the walls insane. The music was good. The show was awesome! I figure it's like paying $50/person for a concert which IMO isn't too bad. Good luck out there. It's a frenzy.
4	I used to dislike XS because it was too crowded + really bad guy/girl ratio + long lines. But my more recent trip was so much fun and enjoyable that it led me to see XS in a new light. If you have an even ratio of girls to guys, get in touch with a promotor and get yourself on a guestlist. Not only is the entrance free, but the wait time is much less. Ladies can get drink tickets that they can use for a certain period of time. If you have a party of all girls, you definitely can get inside much faster. You could possibly get a free table!! It happened to me once, but we ended up sharing it with another group. I think it depends on the day and how busy it is. The DJ's are great. Music is usually house with a mixture of top 40 / hip hop. It's a pretty big club with nice decor + an outdoor area.
5	It looks EXACTLY like the pictures, only better. OH HOT DAMN! I've been to Vegas twice now and this is by far, the best nightclub I've been to. I came here last Monday night, SOBER, and had a great time. The music is on point, the people are beautiful and the decor is breathtaking. Yes, the bouncers can be douche bags, but a little confidence goes a LONG WAY. I walked in like I owned the place (I'm not a bitch, I just refuse to be pushed around), told them I was on the guest list, and walked right in (free of charge! Plus we each got 3 drink tickets). It pays to have ovaries.  I was wearing a green boa (it was St. Patty's Day) but they wouldn't let me take it inside the club (apparently it's a weapon?), however they were nice enough to hold it for me and I got it back at the end of the night. You know it's a good venue when you have an epic time without being inebriated. PS-Make sure to text Michelle G for guest list and VIP services, she's the best! 908-770-3570
5	XS is without a doubt my favorite club in Vegas. A lot of people complain that it is over crowded, dude, every club is over crowded lol.  I don't think XS is small at all. I must agree the dance floor is pretty annoying, drunk people pushing everyone around, it's kind of like a mosh pit. You need to go outside!!!! I love XS because there is so much room outside to dance and dip your toes in the pool.  I went last Saturday when Avicii was playing. Let me tell you that it was the best set I've seen at a club!!! The best part is is that he will playing a lot more at XS!! If you are going to Vegas anytime soon you have to see Avicii play! He is truly an amazing artist.  When I was there some people were pushed in the pool, and were able to stay in without getting kicked out.  Everyone else started jumping in the pool soon after. I guess it was like a sunday night swim, only everyone was in their night clubbing clothes.  I can't recommend jumping in the pool when no one is in it, but if you see someone else try and they don't get kicked out then you should definitely go for it!!!
5	Music bumping. Beautiful people everywhere. Dippin my toes into a pool. Steve Aoki playin. yes I'd say we had an awesome night. $16 for a drink. Very easy to get a drink when you look this hot.
2	This place was kind of funny, but mostly in a dumb way. Maybe it was just a little too Vegas for my taste.We came to see Avicii via a promoter who my friend knew, but since we came on a particularly busy night, we weren't actually going to be able to get inside to the dance floor where Avicii was going to be playing (which we learned after arrival).The bartenders here apparently don't like you unless you're a cute girl or a really sexy masculine man, so it took a while to get a drink. I had to really bring out the gay to get their attention, but after I called someone hun, I had my cocktail in a jiffy.Our whole group ended up getting into the main room to see Avicii. I'm not saying that the bouncer asked for money in exchange for letting us through. Why would that ever happen in Vegas? All I'm saying is that one moment we were out and the next we were in.Once inside the main room, they wouldn't let us onto the actual dance floor, so we had to wait until the bouncer blocking access to the floor was preoccupied with someone else trying to push their way past him, at which point we were able to slip by unnoticed.I'm a really determined individual.The actual show was a pretty terrible experience. We were packed onto the floor like oranges that are packed together really tightly. The scantily clad dancer next to me kept kicking drinks off of her little stage whenever someone set them down and, inevitably, a number of them went flying toward me. Thanks, lady.Avicii came on obnoxiously late. My friends said that this was the longest they had ever waited for anyone at XS. We couldn't leave the dance floor because we wouldn't have been able to get back in... what's the point of being on the dance floor if you can't leave to go get a drink? Avicii came on at 1:45am, by which time we were sober, annoyed, squished, and a little wet and smelly from the alcohol shower courtesy of basically-naked lady (the alcohol wasn't flowing where it counted).I felt bad for anybody who spent real money on this, because it was just so terrible, haha.We left mid set. It was cool to stay to see Avicii just to be able to say we did, but he came on soooo late and wasn't even impressive when he did come on. People were shoving and being rude and getting in fights. There were a handful of really nice people apologizing for having to shove to squeeze past and whatnot, but most were just aggressive and rude.We went somewhere else to get drinks afterward and had a blast.This was great for a "Vegas" experience, I guess, but I doubt I'll ever go back. And it's definitely the last time I'm ever wasting a minute on Avicii, haha!
5	I was really amazed by this night club. It was huge and they have so many VIP booths. The dance floor is a little small but overall the place is huge. They also have a pool outside and pool bar.
3	I had really high expectations for XS (first time here) but was not that pleased :(4 girls, including myself came here on a Monday night and it was CROWDED. My name was under a promoter's name, therefore did not have to wait in line. We also got 3 free drink tickets for being under the promoter's list. When we walked in, it's was so prettyyy! However, as time passed, more and more people came in and became crowded. At that point, there was no place to sit or walk around.We went to the bar (there's two) and claimed our free drinks (valid until 12AM) and was too loud to hear what the bartender said. We were not able to claim the drinks we wanted (don't know why), so she made my friends and I all sex on the beaches. As for the dance floor, IT IS TINY. People were shoving, spilling drinks and there was NO ROOM to move. (I understand it's a popular nightclub, but the dance floor was just too small.)There was also a lot security throughout the nightclub, but they PUSH you if you are in the way! I totally understand if it gets crowded and people shouldn't block the way.. BUT COME ON... don't push us tiny girls in super high heels :( My friend was trying to get a drink and was not able to get one because of how crowded the bar was and the fact that I was "In the way" (according to security) while waiting for her.Overall, beautiful avenue and will be back to try out this nightclub again but that dance floor is just way too small :(
1	The club was beautiful, the experience my group had there was unprofessional and disappointing. The sat us at someone else's table, then kicked us out for their mistake. the "club promoter" Camila B. (Mis)represented herself to us, the other group, and the club. She then lied to us to cover her ass, and was nowhere to be found when the drama went down. XS should not have seated and served our party without the person who's name the reservation was under. It was an extremely shady experience and a let down.
2	Gorgeous place with awesome DJ's. But that is all. Crowded. Expensive to get in and then there is no place to sit. Drinks are expensive. Unless you are doing bottle service you are pushed around like a herded animal. Really disappointed. Dance floor is tiny.
3	This wasn't my favorite club in Vegas. I just don't prefer deep house which they played for an hour on the night I was there. Then my group that consisted of 7 girls in a bachelorette party decided to leave. It wasn't our scene but I'm sure it's someone else's.
5	I think XS has been up and running for a few years now. Circa 2014, B2V Las Vegas, Friday night, David Guetta. Awesome!Yes, they have very long lines, the Encore is a classy hotel, so dress to impress here at XS! I think they have three lines: GA (long horrible lines), VIP/Guest lines (lines moved) and pre-sale tickets (YAY, hella fast and short lines). If you're going for a special DJ, make sure you buy pre-sale tickets. It's worth the money and short lines. Good EDM music, some hip hop mixed in (depending on the DJ), a good crowd with nice looking people for the most part but EXPENSIVE drinks (yeah...it's Las Vegas). XS...nice! FYI..watch out for the stupid TAXI line after the club though..we waited 40-45 minutes in that taxi line to catch a cab back to our hotel! :(
1	Was told we could be on the VIP lost for my lil sisters wedding. Sounded great... Except they wouldn't let us on the inside of club??  No problem if they told u that??  Too crowded and the shots are 16$.. Really??  Never again. Waste of time.
1	Holy Customer Service NIGHTMARE.WOW. The lack of professionalism the entire staff showed leading up to our reservation followed through to 3 months later when our issue from NYE was not resolved... One word... NIGHTMARE. An all around headache that I would not care to every partake in ever again. Please note the actual club itself is gorgeous. However, that doesn't give anyone the right to completely forget any form of customer service. LONG story short:Had a reserved table for NYE.Arrived at 10:30pm and were given the reserved table for a party of 12 on stage.11:30pm - removed from the table with no explanation, sent around trying to talk to the managers to figure out what was happening. Did I mention this was NYE and all happening right before the ball drop?11:50 - told the team of 3 that had handled our reservation was not working the night of. WHO CARES! We had emails and confirmations of the reservation. 11:55 - the option to get a table that fits 4 behind the stage next to the pool when we had a party of 12. So yes, a table that did not fit our group nor was it anywhere near the DJ booth or dance floor.Basically learned that someone else offered more money for our table so we were booted. We were told we would receive a refund. It is now 3 months after and we are still waiting on the refund. Atrocious. In the last of the 23 emails returned back and forth, this was the closing: "Please let me know if you decide to visit again and I will personally make sure your experience is flawless." BAHAHAHA! Right... because that is what we were told when we made our original reservation for NYE. Did I mention we planned this in September? Yes, 3 months of planning down the drain thanks to greedy club managers and owners. Big name DJs? YesBottle Service & VIP? YesHuge areas to move around? Yes... however, during the high tourist months, they pack them in. Also, if you are in one spot of the club and have to get to the other side and there are crowds... give yourself 20 minutes. Not even joking. Great sound system? YesFun lights and confetti? Yes**Absolute worst customer service I have ever dealt with in any club around the world. TRIPLE YES.**
5	XS IS MY FAVORITE CLUB. Their promoters are trustworthy and generous, which is hard to say about a lot of other Vegas clubs. They really try to make you feel comfortable and genuinely want you to have fun and enjoy yourself. My promoter, Brent, was the man! He literally walked my girls and I into the club and to a table and gave us a crazy amount of drink tickets. He checked up on us throughout the night to make sure everything was good. And it really was! I had so much fun from 10:30-3:30 it honestly only felt like we were there for 2 hours.The music was on point! Diplo on mad decent Mondays slapped so hard. He's a great dj!The layout of the club is super cute! There's a pool outside that offers a great background for photos.No wonder why they've won the number 1 club in Vegas so many times!
1	Sucked! We bought $80 tickets + $80 in four drinks... Spent 1 hour in a terribly crowded club. Was not fun at all...spend $160 on gambling instead. P.S. The line for a cab was 30+ minutes. Don't oversell tickets assholes. I'm pretty sure that place was "legally" overcrowded.
1	Horrible! First off bought pre sale to get ahead of the game and the 80$ was not worth it. Got to the door and they send you around the hotel on a treasure hunt to find your entrance. REALLY??? Most of us already had a problem finding the regular entrance. Then you get it and you get drinks, 45 min wait to get a drink. There went my prebuzz. But beware the drinks four vodka red bulls another 80$. Waste mostly red bull. Good luck finding a spot to dance and have a good time there was so many people there that there was no room to breath. Sorry XS you failed 3 bar keeps for 100,000 people you failed!!!!!
5	I've been to a few clubs on the strip and this was the best! Even better than lights. Sweet layout with inside and outside with fresh air flowing in.  Loved the breeze. Huge!  Popping! Pools and palm trees and lots of pretty lights. Sweet bar and gambling in the middle of the pool.  My wife really liked how much open seating there is outside. We went on a Friday and even the opening DJ Brazzabelle was awesome! DJ MARTIN SOLVEIG was the headliner and he was solid.  Get on promoter Rachel's list so if you get there before midnight guys and girls are free (would have been $35 for guys $25 for girls) and girls get a free drink ticket. The promoter's line was super short. You can text her at 702-557-4160.  She hooked it up!
2	Our party of 8 was at XS this past Saturday night for table service. Between the bottle minimum and tip, we spent over $2600 (which doesn't include what we also spent at the blackjack tables). We have done table service at many similar Vegas clubs over the years, so this was not a new experience for us in general, but it was our first time at XS specifically.CONS--We arrived at 10 pm, and despite having a reservation, still had to stand in line for 20 minutes. And I didn't have a single memorable encounter with a host - generally they were pretty unfriendly.--While it was a nice evening to be outdoors, our poolside table was almost as far from the stage and dance floor as one can get.--The dance floor required some other form of access which apparently our $2600 did not buy us immediate access to. However, our server told us if we wanted to hit the dance floor, we could text our host (even though we had yet to see him at any point during the evening) or we could flag her down and she would get him for us. Which leads to my next point...--Our server was very friendly and I have no complaints about her personally. However, she was clearly over-assigned or otherwise occupied because we were lucky to see her every 45 minutes. She apologized each time, but it still doesn't excuse the fact that we were paying as much as we were to barely see our server throughout the night (fortunately none of us wanted that dance floor access too badly).--By midnight, our table area was completely surrounded by people who had paid the minimum cover for access to the club, and they were spilling over into our space.PROS--Blackjack tables were good.--The weather was nice so it was a good night for a poolside table.--The music was good.--Our group of friends has fun no matter where we go, and thanks to 3 bottles of alcohol, we made the most of it.This club is clearly trying to be everything to everyone - exclusive table service + large dance club. Unfortunately it's not working.
3	I have found the Seventh Circle of Hell. My buddy & I were in town for the Tool show over at Planet Hollywood, and afterward he insisted we go to a nightclub. He is much more into "that life" than myself, so a night of stuffing face at Boiling Crab and then drinking while playing video poker was not going to cut it. I am not a nightclub person. For one thing, I already have a woman. Secondly, I really don't want to put on a collared shirt for anything that isn't a wedding, a funeral, or paying me. Thirdly, I've been to plenty of clubs before and you know who's there? Douchebags. Douchebags and girls who want douchebags to shower them with free drinks and attention. Douchebags with tables. Douchebags in ill-fitting business shirts stained with sweat and scotch. Douchebag hipsters with an abundance of ironic facial hair and enough flannel to knit a shirt for Paul Bunyon AND his ox. We arrived via a party van limo - just the two of us, mind you - complete with stripper pole and sound system blaring every homogenized top 20 rap hit that was hot. My friend didn't feel like waiting in the long taxi line at PH, so he hailed this beast for $75 to get us about four city blocks away. I should probably mention that he knows we're headed into my own personal kryptonite lair. He bought the $50 tickets to get in, he's buying the beer, he got the cab. I'm acutely aware of the fact he's basically my temporary sugar daddy, but there was no way I was going to actively participate in any of this. We arrived to be greeted by a huge line. We waited in that line for 15 minutes before someone explains that we actually need to be in the OTHER huge line. More waiting ensues before, finally, we get inside......where things got worse. This is a pool, ostensibly, and the large body of water in the middle required extensive navigation in order to reach the bar on the other side. Sensibly, the DJ booth is located right in front of the pool, so in addition to the crowd trying to reach the bar you've also got everyone that's already drunk standing around and gyrating to some degree. The barrier of the crowd was marshaled by a herd of thick chicks standing in thigh-deep water. Hands were everywhere. It must have taken 15 minutes to cross 15 feet of walkway. And we didn't even get drinks at that bar. We walked over to the OTHER bar in the middle, which is where my friend ordered one $11 Bud Light after the other. $11. For a Bud Light. We stood around and talked because I had literally no idea what else to do. The girls who were decent looking already had at least a vulture or two hanging around; those that were part of the D.U.F.F. (Designated Ugly Fat Friend) crew clustered together and partied like they didn't give a shit who was watching. After an agonizing number of hours (which was probably more like 90 minutes), Avicii came on to a decent amount of fanfare. This was the entire reason my friend came. This is what he'd been chiding me about for the last week. Apparently, this Avicii guy is huge in the DJ world and Encore pays him some ridiculous figure to stand around playing THIS? I know it's not the most original comparison, but half these "songs" sounded like a Transformer taking a shit. And people were eating it up. They were eating up that shit. I felt slightly queasy, though that could have been the pounding my stomach had been taking from drinking all day/night. As I'm waiting in line for the bathroom, a guy with an absurdly large, well-coiffed mustache stands in front of me, holds up his fist, and waits for me to return the bump. He then says, "I just saw you here looking good and thought you could use some love." It was, admittedly, kinda thoughtful. 2:27a.m. My friend assures me we'll leave at 3:00a.m., but first he needs to hit the head. I wait somewhere nearby. Have I mentioned my phone died hours earlier at the concert? I rarely take my eyes away from the bathroom exit. He never leaves. By the time 3:37a.m. rolls around I've scoured the area A LOT, so I just assume he'll show up at the hotel at some point in time and I leave. Since the taxi line was a good 100+ drunks deep, I walk over to Palazzo, where a cabbie picks me up, offers to take me somewhere for a happy ending massage (not from him), and eventually drops me back at the Monte Carlo - where my dumbass buddy is passed out in bed. I pelt him with Cheerios between eating sloppy handfuls before hitting the sack.
1	Oh my god. I never knew a Las Vegas nightclub could be so terrible. Why did no one warn me?We were on the guest list, so we THOUGHT that meant we would get in free. And to the first, outside section, it did. But to get inside the actual club, we had to pay another $30. WTF. Well we wanted to see David Guetta, so we forked it out.When we got inside it was super small, and the dance floor was teeny tiny. The only good thing I have to say about the place was that they allowed us to sit in the big red bottle service booths until someone came for actual bottle service. But everything else, blew. We couldn't dance because it got so incredibly crowded there was no room. It was so bad we could barely even get around the club. I got so pissed that I literally started pushing people out of my way. I was annoyed as hell. Screw this crap. I will never be back. Even when Zedd is there. not worth it. We left and ended our night at Rose Rabbit Lie, which we love.
1	Absolutely horrible. We planned this Vegas trip around seeing Avicii here at Xs. He had to cancel for medical reasons, but we were still looking forward to going to the club since we'd heard so many good things about it. I hadn't been to a club in Vegas before so I was expecting an exclusive experience. It was the WORST. Way too many people - you could not even walk. We had to wrestle our way off the dance floor, it was borderline unsafe, not exaggerating. The line at the bar took over 30 minutes. I'mliterally at a loss for words about how shitty this place was. Do NOT waste your time and money here. Tragic.
3	Not the best club I have been to! Promoters were great we got in with no problems. David guetta was dj and the place was crowded. Took 40 mins just to get a drink in there and if u wanted to dance you either had to deal with people jumping all over you and being smashed into everyone or you would have to dance outside on your own. Other than that the club itself was gorgeous. :)
1	We paid extra online to avoid long lines for Steve Angelo this Easter Saturday 19 April. We had to go check 5-6 several entry points till we found the right line. Line was long and long. Some folks were passing thru short cuts assisted by the wanna be gang looking staff members. Waited in line 50 mins. Line was not moving because of short cutters. We asked if this is the line for people who paid extra to avoid it. They said yes. We asked how people pass thru short cuts. They said you be courteous to us, meaning tip. I asked how much. Staff without a name badge said whatever you think appropriate. I was already mad to learn about this possibility after 50 mins. I was respecting the line & people waiting as a decent person. Anyway  the conversation between the staff without a name badge soliciting tip turned out nasty. Obviously they treat the people in line like a sheep. It is not whatever you think appropriate. It does have a minimum price. $20. We got inside after purchasing the cheap spirit of the unnamed staff member. It is no different than bribery. I had to bribe first time in my life thx to XS. Inside is full of cigarette smoke. Went out side. All the smoke was being vented outside. By that time i got used to smoke. How was music? One or two moments that I thought was picking up the mood and spirit. Other than that way below my expectation. 3 out of 10 is my score for the performance of Steve Angelo. Would I ever go again. No way. I won't reward their bad bad service and attitude for less than average quality of music.
4	XS screams classy. Wynn properties are one of the best on the Las Vegas strip. Always a good time. Big celeb DJs every weekend. Girl glist is great. I always go with a big girl group so never an issue getting in. The giant outdoor patio is great to go back and forth since the inside gets insanely packed. Dance floor is a no zone for me since you have to fight to get through. No thank you.
5	XS was probably the best night club inVegas that i've been to, and that was on a monday!
4	It was my first club in Vegas (my first club ever actually). Thanks to my awesome aunt who works at the Wynn she got my two friends and I in for free. It's got a really great vibe but it really depends on the DJ sometimes. There's a nice outdoor area by the pool. The dance floor isn't too big. There's not much seating if you don't have a booth reserved. It was a fun first clubbing experience. I recommend trying it for a night, and make sure to go on a night you'll enjoy the DJ.
4	The first time I went to XS, I hated it...We were a group of 6 and paid $200 to skip the long 2 hr wait line.  This club was PACKED.  Granted, we were there during the first few months of opening.  But I tried it a few more times the past 2 years and enjoyed it a lot more.  Drinks are strong and music is good. That calls for a great night.
1	I used to love XS but Saturday was ridiculous. We got a table for a bachelorette party and I guess since it's all inclusive (bottle of vodka, champagne, tax and grat for $600) we were totally ignored all night after being placed in Suburbia on the other side of the pool. We were supposed to have a host text us but none ever did so I had no one to call when we were stuck in the table line forever. My friend has a broken foot and was on crutches so I thought it was ridiculous that they walked the most busy and ass backward way when taking us to the table. He was on his phone the whole time and didn't even wait for my friend to keep us. Obviously I didn't tip him. When we got to our table, there was a used condom on the ground next to it and it took an hour and me asking 3 different people to get it cleaned up. Service was crappy and people kept sitting on the arms of our couch. Security was non-existant which is weird because on the inside and the tables outside but still near the inside part, service and security is great. There was a bunch of people on e, including our neighbors to the left, so that got annoying. Then, the club was so over capacity that they wouldn't even let us inside or near the floor until 3AM. They just locked us outside. This place has just been going downhill since Hakkasan opened, the acts, the crowd, everything just seems to be getting worse which is a shame because I used to really like XS (see past review). I'll just stick to other clubs for right now. I mean, even Marquee is better.
5	This place is my favorite!! The setup is fantastic! If you're a girl be sure to have a promoter get you on the guest list! You will have a separate line, free entrance, as well as 1-2 drink tickets! -Sunday swim is LOTS of fun! -You can find places to sit even if you do not have table service. -Awesome DJ's! -Indoor, outdoor, upstairs -Pool! -Don't require you to buy bottled water! (Rare in Vegas)
5	I regret nothing when I show up to this place! I've been here sober, drunk, happy, depressed, you name it! I'm very happy when I come here and it is definitely worth it if you're willing to make the most of it. I've been here as a regular ticket holder and VIP. I can't say you can go wrong when it comes to XS.First of all, bottle service or not, this is one of the most enjoyable clubs in Vegas; not because of the artists or the price range, but mainly because of the club's design. The club in itself has an indoor and outdoor area. The indoor is medium sized with a rather small dance floor. The exterior is similar except its a much bigger space and you get to see the Dj's back. They have a large area to sit in as well as many areas to lounge in without a table. I'd say this is the place to go to if you don't have a set spot to be at. They have a ton of areas to relax in since its a big venue, so a table isn't really a need. They won't tell you you can't sit like other clubs. TORTURE that I don't want to go through! They also normally have well known DJs spinning here for a cheaper than normal price.With a table, they treat you like royalty. You get all the perks of skipping lines with minimal hassle, devine service, and extra attention. The staff is beyond amazing; refill your drinks every chance they get, go above and beyond to make sure you're comfortable and have everything you need to enjoy yourself. The production in itself is pretty cool if you ask me. Since there's an indoor and an outdoor, they have large monitors displaying crazy images while the Djs are going off. The sound projects all over the location so wherever you go you're never really  missing the party!Overall I truly enjoy the luxuries this place has to offer. Every single time has been enjoyable with the exception of one extremely crowded and ridiculously cold night. During those warm nights, this club makes your experience that much more enjoyable. There are plenty of places to be and sit, you won't have to worry too much about discomfort if a table or even cabana is out of your price range.Be smart and get ticket ahead of time! Don't get stuck waiting those ridiculously long lines! Save yourself a headache and party your brains out ;]
3	I have my good days and bad days at XS. The service here is only geared towards those who have a table. This is my first time at a table at XS, and I've had better bottle service.Music is always EDM! It's never a switch up or some good old hip hop haha.The club dance floor isn't too bad. If you can even get to it ha! I like how they have small stripper poles for the girls to dance on! Need to check out their night swim. Then i'll update my review :)
5	XS NIGHT SWIM.First time here to XS, and first time doing a "night swim'. The night swim, ppl can show up in swim attire and party in the pool. When i went I went here I was well aware of this. However, when I showed up to the club a lot of people that were unaware that they could have come in there bikinis and swimming trunks. A lot more people were dressed  up, doing the  dress to impress compared to the people who had swimming attire. We had a table and bottle service. Best thing about the bottle services, juice and mixes were always constantly fully. We never rain out of coke, oj, and sprite. Table and couch were nice, and plenty of space for your area. PRO- There are gambling tables available in the xs night swim club: black jack, and craps. Same casino rules apply, play a game and order a drink from the cocktail waitress and you just have to tip a buck. Way better than going to the bar and paying full price for a drink! - If you have  table service, and you still have to buy 2 MORE Bottles to reach the minimum requirement. Ask the server  if you can take the bottles with you back to your hotel. I did this, we had two bottles of grey goose on our tab to hit minimum requirement. We were able to take the two Unopened bottles us with us home, and when leaving the club we were escorted by a security guard who had the bottles in hand and gave it to us while were out of the club.- Heated pool, plenty of space in the pool. There are areas were girls can just wade in the water.CON- a lot of EDM music, I like to have a mix hiphop and trap in there once in a while.
5	Great nightclub, had an awesome night! The music was good and I loved the outside pool party!
5	XS is my definitely favorite club in Vegas. I like it so much and I have to stay at Wynn/Encore for the convenience. Reasons why I like it so muchA. They have good music, DJs. I came here to see Avicci,. Hey... Brother...B. Huge open layout, not stuffy with sweaty guys and people smoking. Fresh air is priceless!C. Good crowd, I thinkD. There are pools with hot chicksE. Tables for you to drop more moneyThere is a special line which is much shorter for the hotel guests, ask the hotel concierge!
5	Given my original review was way before Las Vegas became the EDM capital of the world, I figured it was appropriate timing to update my review.XS is always going to have a special place in my heart since it was the first Vegas club I ever went to (and on back-to-back nights no less!).  And since then, we've had such challengers such as Marquee, Hakkasan, and Light (yeah, let's not pretend Surrender is on the same level) pop up.  On a design level though, XS is still the best of all the Vegas clubs.  Easy to get and easy to get on.  Half-indoors if you like the glamour, half-outdoors if you need some air and/or smoke a cigarette.  You won't really have to worry about the threat of getting lost in a maze (see: Marquee) or fall down a flight of stairs (see: Hakkasan).  Yes, this matters when you're trying to get booze.  And XS makes it VERY easy to get booze with the location of its bars.The dance floor is by far the biggest of all the clubs I've mentioned in this review.  It gets packed as you would expect, but at least there's plenty of room to maneuver in and out as you please.  Only issue is that since XS wasn't originally designed for EDM, the actual stage/lighting/visuals setup can't even come to close to the other three clubs.  But when you can still bring top guys like Avicii, deadmau5, Steve Angello, David Guetta, and Zedd...well, the visuals don't matter as much I guess lol.XS is still pretty awesome though.  Even though Marquee is personally my favorite club in Vegas, I know I'll never have a bad time at XS.  And now that XS is the oldest of all the Vegas superclubs, it's not as frequented as much as used to...which works out in my favor because that means I get to walk in free!  It's definitely good to know people. :D
4	Place is huge!  So many tables outside with cabanas as well if you are feeling extra lucky. Service was top notch for our table area, and we had a good location in respect to DJ. Highly recommend but come ready to pay!
5	This was my first time going to Vegas Clubs and this was the best of the 3 places I went. Let me first say that I totally understand the long lines whether you're with a promoter, table service, or regular ticket. Luckily we had a connection that got us in with NO LINE.We walked straight out to the pool area and tried to find a spot close to the DJ booth because David Guetta was performing. We were able to find a place to sit with our feet in the pool right behind the dj booth. When David Guetta got on stage, a few girls jumped into the pool with their dresses on and a few guys did the same. After a while the pool had about 20-30 people inside of it with people splashing hard whenever the music picked up. It looked really fun except there was trash floating in the water after a while (cups, cigarettes, straws, napkins, bottles, etc) When people started to get rowdy inside the pool, i just stood next to the pool on the ledge and continued to enjoy the show. It was such an experience and I would love to do it again!Such a huge venue with a lot of space for people to party. Definitely the best club we visited on our trip.
4	This is without a doubt my favorite club to go to in Vegas!!! I was told that they started selling tickets for the outside section only? I totally see how that can be a great idea because I like the outside section more than the inside section. The inside section is only fun when I go with a large group of guys to protect me from other people bumping into me... cause if I'm just with my girl friends I'm usually the crazy one that will go and push other people back. That's just too much work!! The stage is pretty dope though. I've seen a bunch of people here, including Dead Mau5 2 years ago and David Guetta over Memorial's Day Weekend. Nevertheless that outside area is what really does it for me :D you can dance and take pictures by the pool!! There's an outside bar also!! It isn't hot and stuffy, and it definitely isn't as crowded as the inside!! The only setback is when it rains O_O' When it started sprinkling on Saturday night, I was very worried for my hair and make up... Thankfully the sprinkles stopped and my friends and I were able to party it up!! Caution: Don't get pushed into the pool!! I actually know some of the girls who got pushed into the pool this past weekend... Drunk people =/ tsk tsk
5	I had SUCH an amazing time at XS this weekend!!! I bought presale tickets. Yes, even as a girl - I did it for convenience. It was soooo worth the $24ish I paid online! First, because I had access to both the indoor & outdoor sections! Also, I didn't have to wait in a line AT ALL. The venue is BEAUTIFUL and spacious! The staff is friendly & helpful. The people who go there are not rude or grimey. The bartenders are quick to attend to you. The indoor stage was great and you could enjoy the show from anywhere (anywhere inside or anywhere outside). Being inside, right smack dab in the middle of the dance floor was the PERFECT spot though (right under the chandelier)! Great view & made it easy for other people to find you. Definitely coming back to XS!!PS. David Guetta was AAAAAMAAZING!! I am having huuuge withdrawals from Saturday night
4	XS Nightswim is so much fun!  +Plenty of places to sit/lay out even if you don't get bottle service+Floaties galore+Great crowd and ambiance+Cheaper than the night club+Easy to get in (important when you're going with a bunch of guys!)
4	It was the WINDIEST and COLDEST night in Vegas during Mother's Day weekend this past month. Somehow, us hotties managed to squeeze into our sexy little numbers and strut our stuff into the VIP line and straight into da club.Even though it was windy and NO ONE wanted to be outside dancing or being blown straight into the pool, we basically opted to stay outside...sorta! After standing around a bit inside and getting pushed and shoved a little too many times in that mosh pit madhouse we met some really nice guys who had one of the VIP cabanas upstairs which was semi indoors. YAY to that!We ended up dancing the night away...or in my case, sitting on a comfy couch, sipping on some Tequila and watching Diplo from our TV screen inside the cabana the remainder of the night.This was actually my second time at XS and I have to admit, the DJs they have coming through here are legit and the music is always on point. Another BONUS this second visit of mine, I actually met someone who's been following me on my double jaw surgery journey and I was able to put his mind at ease for his own double jaw surgery he's about to have very soon! How awesome that I'm able to even inspire and help others while I'm shakin' dat thang at da clubs! ;)Recap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
5	You look left... CHISELED six pack abs...you look right...a girl in a SMOKING bikini...you do a 360 and gosh sexy bodies everywhere!I came to XS Sunday Night Swim on Memorial Day Weekend and I got to say the Night Club lived up to its reputation. XS translates to "Do everything in EXCESS, to BE EXCESSIVE"Extravagant and beautiful, the venue boasts a patio with a pool that wraps around an island bar. Inside the club there is a DJ stage in an opulent room fit for royalty. Atmosphere: A Night Club is soulless without the people that make up the vibe. People are the art piece, the object that makes the room alive. And that night there were over 11,000 beautiful people at the night club...an all-time record attendance for a night club. You can see the link below. http://hauteliving.com/2014/05/haute-event-avicii-breaks-xs-nightclubs-attendance-record/491642/To illustrate how many people were at the club...You couldn't even see the water in the pool because there were so many bodies dancing in the pool. Even with all those people at the club I did not once feel packed. XS is very spacious and very well designed. Drinks: As for the drinks get the Adios Mother Fucker...it is hella strong...and if your baller there is a $10,000 cocktail called the Ono,,,and if you are a high roller you can always get a 30 L Vessel of Armand de Brignac for $100,000. So if you are ever in Vegas you must go to XS on Sunday Night! You will not be disappointed...you will experience so many great memories that will leave you with a Vegas high long after you have left the sin city =)
5	Have to say I was a bit leary about coming here but I tell you it was the BEST BEST club night EVER and I've been to a lot of clubs.....My sis and went this past weekend for the Memorial Holiday and we purchased tix in advance on wanttickets...it was TOTALLY worth the $40 a piece I paid!!!! AND THEN SOME!!! Out of thousands of people we just happened to see a friend of my sisters who had a nice spot on the edge of the pool where we could all dance on the fold down pool chairs...it was SOOO FREAGGIN FUN!!! GIrls were jumping in the pool with club dresses on guys were in there too...it was wicked...not too mention David Guetta was on the DJ turn table....couldn't have asked for a better night.  No matter WHERE you are in this club your bound to have one memorable night...the only thing I didn't care for was the Disneyland line at the beginning of the club before you enter...then once we left (close to 4am) there was a 2 hours taxi cab wait thank the dear lord we had our fold up flip flops in our purse...we walked back to our room in 25min...no biggie as we were right on the strip.
5	This place is by far one of the best night clubs in Las Vegas. The venue is spacious and huge!  My buddies and I got table service on new years eve, Had the time of our lives! The service what's great. Bartenders are also pretty attentive. Place is pricey so be ready to spend some of that hard earned cash. Gorgeous People everywhere. Strict Dress code so leave the Jordans at home unless its for the "Night Swim" events they often host.
4	Night swims are officially my new favorite thing to do in Vegas!!! The giant floaties were fun to play on and the outdoor area is huge. Indoor isn't as big as some other clubs but there's cool decor.
5	Great atmosphere with the indoor and outdoor space. The overall layout of the place really works, as the option to roam outside gives much needed breathing room throughout the night without having to leave. People are friendly, there's lots of space (relatively speaking) to roam around and meet new people. Good music. We danced here all night. It was a lot of fun.
4	Went here with my girlfriend to see Tiesto during the winter. We pre-bought tickets so we immediately got in. That should be a given but some of the other clubs make it difficult to get in even with tickets (ex. Chateau Nightclub at the Paris)This club has a cool setup with it being half indoors and half outdoors and the dj booth built in to the wall in between.Very cool club and they do a good job of free pouring drinks so they are not as expensive as other places.Make sure to get there early though if you want to dance without feeling like a sardine.
3	More a 3.5. Definitely the nicest venue I have seen for a club on the strip.  Loved the indoor/outdoor option.  Stayed outside most of the night, it was a mild night around upper 70's or low 80's but it was a bit windy. Reason for a 3.5, the music was terrible!!!!  It was all techno, and maybe I'm just not a fan of that type of music.  The drinks were pricey around $15-$18 per drink. The outside gaming was a great option for people, but the tables had a high minimum of around $25 per hand. All in all I see the appeal to this club.  If I get in for free again like I did this time. I might go back.
4	Buy pre-sale tickets.  Once you show it to the bouncer, you skip EVERY line.  I've never gotten into a club that fast before.  It only took 5 minutes to get into the club.  Now, the bar line, thats a whole different story...Since the last time I came to XS years ago, the music and type of dancing has changed a lot.  Its much more of the EDC crowd so its not much of the traditional "grinding with a girl" anymore.  So much more jumping up and down and telling the person next to you how awesome the (insert celebrity DJ) and (insert B-rated celebrity next to him) is.The venue size-wise is really big and the grand entranceway makes you feel like an A-lister.  And the pool area gives guests a breather from the hot sweaty mess that is inside.  Warning though, the last few times it was cold and windy out there.  On the plus side, there's a bar and some gambling tables in the pool area in order to hang out for a little bit and not fight with the bar line inside.  We got table service outside last time but we probably wouldn't do it again.  All the girls got really cold sitting down in their thin dresses.  The solution was either a boyfriend or more alcohol, both of which was fine for the guys.  Only thing I can knock on this place are the creepy wall fixtures.  Reminds me of Han Solo frozen in carbonite.  But instead, all naked women looking like they're in pain.
2	I don't see what all the Hype is about XS Tryst or Surrender, they're all pretty lame to me. XS does have all the newest and popular Dj's perform there such as Calvin Harris Steve Aoki Will I Am Lil Jon Avicii and Hardwell. That's good if you like that kind of music, they don't play rap or hip hop so you won't have worry about any ratchetness. 80 percent of the girls that go here are ridiculously hott !!!!! The other 20 percent are old decent looking  rich cougars lol. The one thing that really pissed me off was when   I went to the bar to get my drinks for me and my girl and my card was declined. I was like WTF I just got paid how the hell did my card get declined. I spent all the cash I had on me buying my homie some drinks and leaving tips. I asked the bartender to try the card again and she said no. I gave her the drinks back and said ok  forget it I don't know why my card is being declined, I had a couple thousand in the bank so I know I was good. She acted like I was trying to pull a fast one and called security over to the bar. I explained the same thing to him but he didn't give a shit either. So he tells me and I quote " normally we kick people out for trying to buy drinks and the their card declines but imma let u slide my N***A just don't come back to the bar." I was like first off I am not anybody's N***a I'm Cuban u fuck and second why do I need to be told not go back to the bar obviously I understand that my card isn't working why would I go hang out at the bar. Just because the  Wynn is full of Rich white people doesn't mean that you have to treat other people like minority scum. At the end of it all my card started working when I went outside the club to use the ATM to get money out. Chase Bank said their system went down and some people were unable to use their debit cards. Not returning to this club that's for sure.
4	Hands down, this is probably my favorite nightclub in Vegas so far. The breakdown: Venue: I am so glad XS has both an indoor and outdoor area, which means more room to breathe!  I am so glad I do not have to be gasping for air anymore! Personally, I like the outdoor area a lot more because there is more room to dance and people are also allowed to stand in the shallow parts of the pool which provided my aching feet with some relief. Darn those heels....  During my second time here during Memorial Day weekend,  people actually jumped into the pool with their clothes on and they did not get kicked out of the club so if you are down for that than be my guest but don't  take my word for it because I am not for certain if this is acceptable or not!Drinks: Both times here, my girls and I got free complimentary drink tickets so that was awesome! On top of that, they were redeemable for any drinks that was up to a $20 value so say hello to the AMF's and Sex on the Beach! Music:  I have seen Diplo and David Guetta here. I cannot really comment much on Diplo because I probably only stayed an hour or so that day but David Guetta is definitely good at what he does. I literally dance until his set ended! Okay, after reading through this review you are probably wondering why I did not give this place a 5-star review  right, well the reason behind why is because during my first time here I was almost punched in a face by a drunk guy, some drunk girls trampled my feet causing  bruises that took forever to go away  and on top of that I had a bouncer shove me so hard that I fell back onto my friend, definitely did not appreciate that SIR!!Overall, a really nice club when I am in the outdoors !!
4	First of all LOL at "AJ S." review from June 3 about how his card was declined because Chase bank went down LOL! Anyway, place is awesome but I have some complaints I want to air anyway. Bartenders are terribly slow and most of them are bitchy. I think they are slow on purpose and they move with zero urgency when the bar is 4 people deep all the way around. If you are a bartender there and youre not bitchy or slow than this doesnt apply to you. Im only talking about the 3 that I encountered. Twice it took almost 30 minutes to get a drink. Bouncers up front and outside are not bad, the ones inside were rude morons. If you bounce there and are not a rude moron than this doesnt apply to you. Im only referring to the few that I observed. Saw a black lady security guard shoo a bunch of girls from a blackjack table as if they had no right to be in there. Listen honey, people pay big money to come to XS and spend even more on the inside. Treat them with respect.
5	Although our promoter told us we are free entrance, he failed to tell us that we were free for outdoor lounge club scene. Not the actual club inside.But it was still very good and wild. There was a lot of room and we got to jump in the pool without getting kicked out. Overall, it was a very fun experience.
1	Staying at the Wynn, you would think they could treat us decently. The Asian door guy is SO rude and miserable. Two hot girls we didn't want to pay a cover on a Sunday night for an hour and were already on the guest list, politely asked if it could be waved because we are hotel guests and were told 'there is the exit, leave.' by the door guy!! What horrendous service!
5	Its been a while since I've gone to XS but I swear that this place never fails!I'd say that XS has the best night swim experience! During the summer time they have a night swim on Sundays. My most recent experience was to go see Skrillex on their opening night. They have giant floaties and the water is warm. The pool is good in size and it doesn't get over crowded from my last experience. Gotta go to these night swims! It's better than being in vegas hot weather for those beach clubs without any shade and getting sunburned if you have no bottle service. BOO for sunburns!My more recent trip to XS, we had a table going into see RL Grimes. The crowd is always welcoming. I'd suggest if you want somewhere to sit to pick up bottle service. But otherwise XS is one of the better clubs and one of my favorites behind Light. The decor behind the bar consist of bodies of women. Also, I don't get stepped on so badly at this club either because its roomy enough.
5	One of the most beautiful venues in Vegas. Went there on a Saturday night when ZEDD was performing, it was an amazing night, crowd is energetic, and pool side is perfect. Their sound and light systems are near perfect. Line could be long if you don't have reservations but it's the norm for Vegas and for one of the top 10 Dj's.
5	Definitely the best club I've been to in Vegas. Went on a Saturday night to see Zedd dj. It was packed, inside and outside. The male-female ratio was pretty even. Drinks are pretty expensive, unless you're a gambler under the patio, then it's kinda free, lol. We didn't wanna stay inside the actual club so we went out and found a spot to the side of the stage. It was PERFECT. Better to be outside because it was hot but cool breezes, it's not super crowded like inside and the view's just better. Some people were swimming/dancing in the pool, it was nice! A lot of girls just took off their heels and stood in the pool and danced, lol. The only lame thing is that, they don't have their celeb DJ come out until like 1:30. But since we got into the club (VIP style :) at midnight, we didn't have to wait too long. In the super VIP area around the stage, you know the area that costs like 50 thousand to get, Steve Aoki was there to support Zedd! It was dope. Two super hott djs in one area! Overall, the whole night was pretty fucking dope; getting into the club VIP style (through the back), gambled and went on a winning streak, free drinks all night, and had great spots outside to see Zedd and Steve Aoki.
3	I think a 3.5 star is fair. This is by far the most elegant club that I have been to in Las Vegas. Everything is so upscale and very classy. You have the option of being outside or inside. During my visit I was outside, the wind was kind of blowing at night but a few drinks will keep you nice and toasty. There is a gambling section outside but you have to be a high roller to play. One of the downsides to this place is the music. Waaay too much edm style and house music. Can't really get your freak on to some hip hop or rap jams.Very cool place, great vibe, drinks start off around 15 bucks. I got in via a promoter so he cut me a deal for 40 bucks for me and 40 for my buddy (dude). My girlfriend was able to get in for free and another female friend of mine got in for free as well. Normally the cover is 50 for dudes and 30 for girls. Find a promoter and get the hookups.
5	Craziest and best club in Vegas, enjoy the club scene and have your own space .
4	Been going to XS for three years now and I'm confident to say that this is one of the best clubs in the world. I've been all over the world and have partied in all the hot spots including Ibiza. Great layout, draws a classier and very HOT crowd. Plenty of room to dance and the night swims during pool season are EPIC. I just hope they revamp their dj residency. Avicii is old.
5	Amazing place. Love the outside/inside aspect of it and it's luxury venue makes it an awesome experience. Top Dj's in the world as well.
5	My husband & I are in our 40's.  WE HAD A GREAT TIME TONIGHT!!  It's even a Tuesday night! Friendly Staff,Dance floor fills up fast and like any Vegas club it gets a little pushy shovy on the floor but not real bad.  The bouncers were great and just kept moving people around instead of standing in the walk ways.  The guards/bouncers do a great job and are all friendly.  If any girl feels shes being bothered by a guy or she's had too much to drink or needs to leave the club, the guards will help the girl out no problem and with respect.   To me it was a crazy fun night and guys were good for the most part (but when they get drinking too much just stay close the the outter edge of the dance floor and the guards will help out you as long as you alert them to an issue.  Otherwise they have no idea you don't like something or your being bothered. All in All it's  A REAL FUN CLUB
4	The most elegant and luxurious venue I've ever been to. Major Lazer played on Sunday night and the crowd went wild. Our bottle service promoter, busser, and server were all very professional and helpful. Even the security was friendly!Gentlemen, this club has really fkin hot girls. Ladies, the men that come here look a bit old...
5	Of the many clubs I had went to, this is one of my few favorites. Almost every bachelorette party, this would be a stop even my own bach party was here and I had a blast! What I love most is the outdoor pool area. You are allowed to sit on the beds (first come first serve) that is on the edge of shallow water and you would see most of the girls take off our shoes and dance in the water without bouncers yelling and pulling everyone out etc like other places probably would've done. For ANY women wearing high heels....this is heaven!! The only downfall is DO NOT fall in or jump into the pool. Its already nice they allow people to sit on the beds (without additional charges, like many other clubs) and put your feet in water but if your IN your also going to be OUT! Sounds mean but I can totally understand its a safety and security issue. Inside the club can be extremely crowded so being able to be outdoors to socialize or catch a breath with the same type of music also playing nice and loud outside is definitely a place for me. So, I LOVE this place. Staff are extremely friendly and tries to help and accommodate. Unlike other places I have been at, there are absolutely no where to sit unless you buy a table/bottle service. Pretty much a feel as if, "no money, too bad...either you stand all day or you can leave so we can charge another person to take your space in the club" kind of thing. Not here. Almost every club will be crowded no doubt but because this place has plenty of seating and space....you will always have a space to stand/sit and breathe.On the dance floor, I would constantly see bouncers doing their job directing traffic and other employees running to the dance floor trying to clean any wet areas, pick up bottles that were thrown there etc. Unlike another hot and popular venue I had went to, bottles would be everywhere and people would trip on the wet floors but with all the bodies rubbing against you in every corner, it will hold you up. No one would clean the dance floor. Why, because they would not have made there way in there as its WAY overcrowded. Which all you see is a herd on the dance floor and not the dirty floor with bottles anyway. Which tells you something. Safety issues and a total fire hazard.So of other clubs I have went to, I LOVE this place and definitely a club of choice! Just talking about it,  I miss this place already!
5	Great dj got here around 1:00 am left at sunrise . People were getting in the pool at 4 am in the morning so much dancing and great memories . Avicci keeps u going with energy . Always wanted to see him live now I have .
1	Absolutely the WORST club I have EVER been too. Service was horrible and they must be desperate for funds because the club was way over capacity. I love going out but I will not be returning here.
4	I love XS, fun place, always has good DJ's...however I hate how recently they have been splitting the indoor part of the club from the outdoors...it was def way better when u had the freedom to go between the two areas freely, let's not forget a lot of people r there to have a good time and meet people. Very very crowded, one time I even left 10mins in to Avicii's show (whom is my favorite artist)..so if you know me you know that's saying a lot. With that being said, I still enjoy this place and always seem to find a way to have a good time!
4	Came here on a Saturday night at about 11:45 PM. Through Instagram, my friend started communicating with a club promoter (Dexrod_LasVegas) and us girls (4 of us) got in for $20 each with VIP service once inside through the promoter, as long as we would consistently tip the (mostly female) servers. So, there was no line and we entered the venue quickly.The indoor area is spacious, the lighting is dim and flattering, the outdoor area is also spacious- and has a pool. The view outdoors is pretty: you see the Encore hotel and lights illuminated against the night sky, and the pool water just reflects all the lights and glimmers in-between your bare, resting toes freshly nude from the heels you just tossed aside - I wore stilettos this night and, never again! Altogether fun night, Lil' Jon was DJing, and the stage was positioned on a threshold where the stage is halfway indoors, and halfway out. We would migrate from dancing indoors to outdoors and vice versa. Many good-looking ladies and gentlemen were here: some were celebrating bachelor and bachelorette parties, while some were just celebrating! Cheers.
5	Been here a few times and always had a good time. If you plan on going hit up Bobby Yeadon for table service. Responds to you and is up front about  prices.
5	Came here Monday night for a post EDC party with Skrillex and Diplo DJIng. By far the most epic of times, people were everywhere, pool was filled with hot girls, actually the whole place was filled with hot girls. Like model quality. It was surreal, Diplo played for hours, Cuba Gooding Jr. fell asleep standing up while Pauly D was laughing on. What a place, if you go to Vegas you NEED to go here.
5	Ok, who doesn't like XS? There is nothing to complain here. I came on a night where I didn't like the headliner (Lil' John), but I still had lots of fun. When there is a huge pool outside, you cannot complain. And when there are people jumping into it with their clothes/dresses on, that is even better! Let me just say this club is huge. Compared to Marquee and all the other clubs I've been to so far (Hakkasan, Light, Tao, Tryst), this has to be my favorite so far. They have enough room indoor and outdoor so that you don't feel to cramped up like how it is at other clubs. And what do you know, Lil' John plays EDM. That's pretty funny in my opinion, although he doesn't transition the songs that well. I've had a whole argument with my friends whether Lil' John is good or not, but that's a whole different subject. Overall, my experience here was great. I would definitely come back again.
2	I guess this place could be fine if you're just going for a night dancing in vegas. I would definitely not buy tickets to see any of your favorite artists here. The dance floor is small and surrounded by tables. Everyone at the front tables stands up on the back of the booths so you can't see who is performing. This is a typical night club in Las Vegas with douche security guards which is something that everyone has to deal with out there. We bought tickets to see Skrillex, Diplo, and RL Grime then staked out a spot nice and early. The whole night we had an asshole security guard constantly telling our group to move over even though we weren't blocking anyone and the complete opposite side had people standing in the walkway and dancing. He also kept yelling at girls that were getting up by the poles to dance saying they were blocking his friends tables view even though they were behind him. He should of yelled at the table in front of his friends table but I guess they don't like girls dancing? Just lame. Ok for going out for a night, you'll regret paying to see a show here though.
4	Get there early or else you'll never get near the dance floor. I definitely e joyed the vibe. Audio system is amazing, security was kind, drinks are pricey but that's Vegas for you. I did like how girls got in for free and even got a complimentary drink.
1	The most dissatisfying experience I've ever had in Vegas. I came to celebrate my 22nd birthday with my best friend. We were confirmed for the guest list, but we were promptly held up by the ID checkers, who claimed that we looked nothing like our photo IDs. They proceeded to ignore our offers to show our credit cards matching our IDs, and called a bouncer over. They gave our perfectly legitimate IDs to the bouncer, who also looked them over, then glared at us and shoved our IDs to us, saying "don't ever come back here using these again". Needless to say, my friend and I were upset. We attempted to talk to someone in charge, but they all looked away uncomfortably and said that whatever the bouncer says, goes - unless we happened to be carrying our passports. Neither of us have EVER had this happen to us before, so of course we were not carrying our passports with us. The manner in which the staff treated us (completely legal customers) tonight was atrocious and offensive. The fact that they rudely dismissed us as if we were guilty was infuriating, as we had done absolutely nothing wrong.
5	One of the Best! Love this place, Music was great! House Music mostly or at least the night we went. Went in March right before the pool parties started =/ ugh Just another reason to go back I guess! If your going to go here find Yaseen! He is a promoter there and took care of me and my girls when we were out. Walked us in, got drink tickets and a table. He's super nice and promotes at a few other places which is helpful since your gonna wanna hit a few different spots. By far one of my favorite clubs...
5	First time ever clubbing with my fiance who isn't really a party person and doesn't dance, so I was expecting us to have a good time not a GREAT time. And that's exactly what we had a GREAT time it was so much fun and you feel so welcomed there. The club is So beautiful! And good looking people too! We both can't wait to be back!
4	Xs is one of my favorite clubs because it's so pretty and spacious but over the past few years the club has been a sell out. They pack in way too many people than they should and the headliner djs don't even come on until 2am and even then their set is only a couple hours. If you get a chance go on Sunday nights in the summer for their night swim!
2	I went here this past Sat night with a girl friend who goes to clubs all over the USA.  We both agreed this club is over hyped and very unsafe.  Plus the music experience is average.  The lead DJ was DeadMau5...he was horrible.  Music wasn't dance worthy and have no clue why he even has a fan base.Here is the unsafe part.  It was so over crowded that people on the dance floor couldn't dance.  People were literally crammed onto the floor and couldn't move.  The same thing happened in the other public areas.  It is a fire trap waiting for a disaster to happen.  Then a large fight broke out and really destroyed the mood.  This club is not worthy or representative of the Wynn brand.I agree with my friend that a club which has a  clientele that fights should never get our money. Wynn really needs to re visit their club operations before a real tradegy occurs.
4	Bouncers complained about our cheap greasing, so we sneaked in either way, your lost bud. Vegas is obviously a money business, which is ironic because it used to be a family town with Circus Circus and the carnival WAY YEARS back. That just means Alcohol, Drugs, and $ex sells more than good ole Family Fun. I was too clumsy, walked straight into the pool, one of my leg was soaking wet, thats she she said haha.... They moved the BJ area to the center of the outside area, it used to be on the side near the entrance, the entrance now is now the guestlist entrance, and ticket and GA are on the opposite side near the exit. The atmosphere wasn't the same as last time i remember but at least this time the outside area is open!! I guess cause I went on a sunday last time. ( 2 years ago)
4	I really enjoy this club! I have been here few times and the ambiance is always good.. It is expensive but beautiful! Dress super fancy and sexy! I wish it was a night pool party every night!putting the feet on the water while dancing and drinking is amazing!
2	As much as I like the opened space here, I found it annoying that I couldn't walk through the area at all. It was extremely crowded and I couldn't even get close to the bar. The pool area was nice. Some crazy people drank a little too much and fell into the pool heels and all. I personally did not like it that much. Maybe because the night I went we were restricted from going in and out of the club.
5	Tiesto on the weekend of NYE was a blast. I have also been here on a couple of other occasions and it was always a great time. There is a very spacious outdoor area with a pool, dancing space, gaming tables as well as tables for bottle service. The only con is that the indoor space usually fills up as the night progresses and people start getting pushy especially for a better known DJ. Other than that, if you are looking for a good time XS is hands down where you want to be!On one occasion I went through a promoter and was able to go to Tryst then XS free of charge. On another occasion there was a promoter who was able to get my friends and I into XS without cover and we were also able to skip the long line.Pro Tip: Try going through a promoter if you can to avoid long lines and any fees. The only con is having to get to the venue earlier.
5	The place to party in vegas!! The bouncers and managers truly know what theyre doing! I love the bar tenders they always take care of me well!
5	Pool party at night with Zedd djing!!!! omg i have never been to somethin so incredibly fun.We met a great man Mr. Vernon he was one of the secuirty guys on the guest list line. We waited for the rest of our group and he was super fun and friendly.After awsome vernon we went to get our ids checked and there we also tried to speak to a girl about being on the guest list. I say tried because this girl had the nastiest attitude she was so rude you would ask her somethin she wouldnt even look at you in the face. I dont understand how people with bad attitudes get job. Anyways we got stamped and she gave us a vocher thing. Didnt say anythin about it just handed it to us. No one in the group read it they just put it away lol...ITS A COMPLIMENTARY DRINK!!! Make sure to use it didnt realize till the day after when i read it!! Enjoy everyone this is really the funnest place ive ever been too!!!
5	Came here for the Sunday night pool party headlined by Zedd and had an absolute blast despite the fact I was sober AND didn't bring swimmers... (I'd been at Wet Republic all day and wasn't feeling it).The club is amazing in both concept and design with most of the action happening out in the pool. The staff were friendly and getting drinks from the inside bar was relatively easy because everyone was busy partying hard in the pool.Pro Tip- If the line is massive you can sneak the bouncer some cash to skip to the front, definitely worth it!
4	I don't remember what DJ was playing that night let alone how I got in for free considering I'm a guy and I had to pay but that's a story for another time dealing with some really cool people that got us in....Good service at the bar cool crowd and my best memory here was jumping into the pool and all of my dress clothes. Shout out to that Club staff for being really cool. The feel and look of the club was awesome. If you're looking to do it big in Las Vegas I would highly recommend you come and check this spot out definitely when are the best looking clubs to come and party at!
1	Great club over the years but new guy at the front is a dick and won't let anyone in. Even with VIP and bottle service we payed for.
5	Went back here for a ridiculous RL Grime and then Skrillex B2b Diplo set. It got ratchet.Security and table wait staff show why XS is still showing the other kids in town how to run things.
1	If I could give it no stars I would. The drinks were watered down, the staff was rude, especially the people checking your IDs. All the guys were on power trips. Dude...you work the line at a club. You're not Secret Service. The only reason 1 star is even deserved is because the DJ was amazing. Don't waste your time here if you want to have good service and not be shoulder to shoulder 24/7. Way too much of a not-so-good time. Go to Marquee where it's worth it.
5	SUNDAY NIGHT = NIGHT SWIM.- Crazy, crazy party.- EDM.- Come in your bathing suits.- Ride giant floating dragons, swans, sharks earlier in the night.- Later in the night, only the beach balls remain.- Towel table constantly stocked with dry towels. Yay- Ladies, get on the right guest list and get 2 free drink tickets.- Amazing energy and music.- Best party all weekend.P.S. Don't book the first flight out on Monday morning to make it back to work in LA. Bad idea.
5	I had an amazing time at this club. Mostly because deadmau5 was the dj!!! He was amazing and made the experience so much better! My friend got us a table and I was so thankful we had a place to sit and dance. The club is pretty big. The outside really has no place to dance. They have a few beds by the pool but it was a little too hot to stay outside. The inside is very packed and it's only cool if you have a table. The dance floor is way too hectic for me. I had a lot of fun. Definitely will be coming back maybe for the night swim.
2	Went this past weekend and was expecting soooo much more! We bought our tickets online and we got there and it wasn't too bad of a line, we got in rather quickly. Once we got in is when things started sucking. We went straight for the bar when we got there and it was crazy just trying to get drinks. I got a workout just trying to get drinks. The drinks were expensive, but hey, it's Vegas, what do you expect? I got two drinks, so I didn't have to make the trip to the bar again. We were going to walk around a little to try and find a spot to dance, which ended up being a bad idea. There were tons of people trying to get around the pool and it was such a mess. And of course, there were some ratchets dancing right in the area where people were trying to get through. Seriously?! Go dance somewhere else, people are trying to get by. It took us about 10 minutes to walk 4 feet. I had people pushing me, I got beer on me, and I think in my drink too, because my drink tasted awful after that. After we got through that mess, we stayed maybe half an hour more before we were over it. Had a much better time at other clubs.
5	Got on guestlist and got in for free with minimum wait time. Probably one of my favorite clubs, it's huge! and there's outside pool area. Saw skrillex!
5	This club is gorgeous!It's a Vegas club, so you're going to get your typical EDM music played by DJs who just press play. But it's Vegas, and every club is like that, so just let it go and have a good time dancing to the kandi kid EDM. It's a fun time here every time I go. The club is beautiful and the drinks are strong. We always get in on a guest list. I recommend finding a promoter so you don't have to pay the cover fee, or get a discounted rate. So even with the free drink ticket from the guest list, the drinks are ALWAYS strong. If you're paying $10+ for a drink in Vegas it's always awesome to find a place that can make them strong. The club is indoor and outdoor. They are both very nice. The outdoor has a pool and in the summer they do a night swim club. The back wall that goes to the outside area is completely opened, so there's plenty of fresh air going into the club constantly. It's a comfortable temperature because of it. If you are coming in the winter time, they do keep it open then, which makes it kind of cold sometimes, actually. But they have a coat check for $10 and they give you a tag on a bracelet so you don't lose it! I thought that was perfect. I've heard that Drai's is even nicer, so I can't wait to try that one out next time I'm in Vegas. Either way, I'd really recommend checking this club out if you're here. It's a fun time!
5	Amazing venue. One of the best clubs in town. Great service, they read you're mind whenever you need anything. Definitely do recommend.
1	I bought tickets to a Deadmau5 concert in advance by two weeks and was then held in line for two hours with people whom had no tickets. The management holds people in line for ransom like slaves waiting to be paid off by frustrated club goers in order to guarantee entrance to their club. I will never come back here... To this club... To this casino... Or to this hotel. Pissed and still waiting!
3	I love this club, but their staff members are shitty! We went Saturday to see zedd and got bottle service. I'm sorry, but if someone is paying about 2 grand for bottle service, then We should be getting what I deserve and that's including customer service. These people need to take their heads out of their ass and stop acting like their CEO of the hotel! Your a promoter/worker for the club, so quit with the bull shit! Next time they may want to think about how they talk to their customers that throwing down money for a table and still giving them a job! They gave us a run around and when we said the table is under this name, they said to bad and so on. Well our friend came out to get us in at the table (since we showed up later) and when our friend told the guy it's under this name (which by the way that's what we told him it's under) the guy let us in. We told him, that's the name we gave you and he was talking shit back saying "i will kick you out and we need to shut up".That's great customer service!   Like I said, love the club but shitty workers! Work on your customer skills!
5	This club is awesome!  I have been to a few other clubs in Vegas, but this is by far the best one.  The drinks are strong (and pricey), but the DJ, venue, and employees more than made up for it.  For how crowded it was, I thought the service was very good.  I will definitely be back.
5	Despite the incredibly long wait on saturday night, it was worth it. As everybody else says on there review, this club is beautiful. Its both indoor and outdoor, and get this, there is a huge swimming pool outside. There are enough photos on here to give you guys an idea of what this place looks like. We came in on a saturday night to see Zedd perform and it was one of the best times i had at vegas. If you're a first timer at Vegas like me, you have got to check this place out.
2	I loved the club but I have to agree with other yelpers about their horrible customer service; it's just plain horrible. The bouncers are trying to find any excuse to use the "LETS GO! You're getting kicked out!!...unless you tip me" I saw it happened and happened to a friend and almost happened to me. Luckily, the bouncer was so offended by me offering 5 dollars he told me just to get the hell away from him. But it's Vegas, so you gotta pay to play.
1	F--- this place. I would give them NO stars if possible. Should have some sort of disclaimer stating that paid admission does not guarantee entrance into the club. Stood in line for 2+ hours before finally deciding to cut my losses and bounce.
3	If you're a guy going to Vegas and thinking about getting into XS on girls night be prepared to wait at least 2 hours in the general admission line! We went over the weekend when Zedd was suppose to be playing but he canceled last minute due to "illness". XS offered to issue refunds but unfortunately i guess only to those people that didn't go in. Sucks for the rest of us eh? Anyhow the if you're not baller enough to drop a couple grand on table service and not on the guest list you'll need to wait through the Disneyland style queue. But hey if you also wanna be suckered by the bouncers or still wanna be baller you can pay off the bouncer to get into the "express line". That could cost you anywhere from $20-100 though. But hey this is Vegas money can buy anything right? The venue itself is pretty spectacular once you get in! It features a huge pool which yes people do jump into fully dressed or in there undies. Although be prepared to get kicked out if you get out of the pool soaking wet. Also be aware of them douches splashing everyone on the sides. Yes there are fights that break out randomly as we witnessed. The drinks are pretty standard and definitely pricey. But again this is Vegas so you gotta pay to play right! Cmon $5 for regular coke and $10 for a bottle of water too for those DD's! Cocktails and beers range from $10-20 as well. But hey if you got girls in your group and its ladies night don't forget to get them free drink vouchers! The music is a pretty much a mix of EDM but depends on the DJ spinning that night. Sadly we didn't get to see Zedd so we had some no name guy playing all night. The dance floor does get packed and watchout for them bouncers that will literally football style push everyone out of the way to make room for staff or the baller VIP table guests to get through. Yeah people be getting squished in the middle but oh wells its  Vegas right! If you're coming to see a specific artist play for the night definitely check XS's twitter or Facebook before coming! Otherwise go hit up Marquee or somewhere else!
4	I've been here multiple times and have never been disappointed.  Always get in on a guest list ladies! And guys well sorry but you have to pay. I've seen Will.i.am here and Deadmau5.  Will.i.am was amazing! Deadmau5 not so much. If you order bottle service beware! Tons of "can I party with you?" Moochers. The bottle service girls always want more tips. 26% gratuity is included. Meaning they automatically make $120 off the top when you order a bottle. I've gone here with bottle service and without. You can go either way. I prefer to stay in the outdoor area. The inside is way too crowded. Super fun place would honestly recommend.
1	Unreasonably long lines. You have to tip to get in. They used to have a separate line for ticket holders, now it's mixed in with general admission. Waiting in line smelling people puke and farts is not worth my $50 plus all drink money spent inside.
1	Seriously fuck this place. Doesn't matter if you buy tickets ahead of time or not. The guys controlling the line deliberately keep the lines from moving to generate tips for themselves. Honestly, they're shameless. They count their "hard earned" money in front of the rest of us not willing to pay the $40 per person to cut.
2	First of all, there's a line to get into a much longer line. Buying tickets beforehand, really doesn't matter at this point. Unless your party consist of two people and/or you're willing to pay $20 (a person) to get into the express line, be prepared to wait a good two hours. It's. Ridiculous.The venue is beautiful. Packed with people (at least on the Saturday night that we were there) and there's a lot to keep you entertained. But by the time I got in, my feet hurt and I was grumpy from the wait - that killed it for me.
1	I want to first start out, this is a great place. Always have had fun here, have gone multiple times before and had good times. Last few times, I have been disrespected. Showed loyalty by using same promoter but each time I check in, talk to a promoter and have to pay a higher price. Also have been kicked out of line (being very respectful) due to not having my whole group. My fault of course but, I was early and with 15 girls and 8 guys (Bachelorette/Best Friend Birthday party) for overall of 18 girls and 8 guys. Was kicked out, in a rude manner. Wasn't given a chance to explain. Had to re-enter line and was kicked out again due to "bad behavior" because I "supposedly" wasn't on the guestlist line. Which I made sure I was multiple days ahead because I didn't want any problems.Moved back out towards the lobby multiple times and had a few friends of the party be upset and cry. Not coming here again due to bad service.Will definitely take my large party services to other venues and not recommend such a place due to being disrespected in such a manner. I will make sure I don't come here again especially in the coming years since I was a continual customer.
5	My favorite Vegas club. Wish they could steal the residents from Hakkasan. Love that you can go outside by the pool and still hear the show and watch what's going on inside on giant screens. Being able to go outside and come back in without missing anything is awesome. Best tip, if you stay at the Wynn or Encore you have your own entrance that has no line.
5	I live in Vegas.I always have the most fun at this club. It's nice bc there's an inside and outside. If I get tired of being in one I'll go to the other =)I've seen skrillex and many others perform outside. If you are in vegas, thus club is a must.
1	So you think you can get in easily with pre-sale tickets?  Think again.. be prepared to pay off those greedy bouncers $20 extra for their "express" line.  Oh you don't have cash because you went during the night swim night?  Well too bad, they're going to make you wait 2+ hours in line no matter how full/empty the club is.I still love the club, but the bouncers need to go.  See my pictures of those assholes for more detail.
1	How to share you my experience so you can learn how horrible this experience was. If you told me to bring extra cash to bribe my way into the night club, then you should of told me on the ticket for the night swim! I easily could of brought more money to pay off your bouncers that didn't let anybody in the club!!XS use to work with pre-sale tickets, which meant we were allowed to get in without the hassle of staff asking for bribes to cut in line. We waited 2 hours to hear the same bounce say "get your tickets ready.." why? so we can stand in the same spot we did 2 hours ago? This has to be the biggest joke ever...... Check out the photos you can definitely see these bouncers asking for money just to go into this "express bribe pass lane" to get ahead of everyone else that has pre-sale tickets. Those that had pre-sale tickets just had to pay another $20 on top of their ticket to get into the front and skip this line.So you have 3 lines (1 for tables... ok, 1 for general admin and PRE-SALE tickets..., and 1 empty VIP LINE BRIBE PASS LINE) Clearly it does say something about the club. Thanks XS for making me have a horrible experience.
1	Straight up you are only get in if you pay your way in. Doesn't matter if you have a ticket or not if you don't wanna pay $50 a head plan on waiting at least an hour and a half.
5	I'm a local and have lived in Vegas for 6 months. Been wanting to go out with my boyfriend and hit up some clubs, but have found that it cost men so much to enter clubs. So, I went online and searched for Promoters and found Chris!! I wasn't for sure if it was a real deal or not, but decided to sign us up to go to XS last Sunday night. Got to the club early to make sure we didn't have to wait in a very long line. We were the second couple into the VIP side! A total plus there. The guest list check-in was at a door that let you enter the pool area as soon as you were checked in. I loved that. The pool area was so pretty and so unreal. Since we were there and checked in at 10, we had our choice of any of the lounges on the edge of the pool. Yet another plus! My boyfriend and I didn't realize it was Sunday Swim Night, so I was dressed in a dress and he was in pants and shirt. Lucky for him, they have a swim shop to buy swimming clothes inside of the pool area. He bought himself a pair of trunks and enjoyed the water. Since we can early, there wasn't many people yet and the music wasn't over bearing. We enjoyed just sitting and soaking our feet in the pool. Another plus for this club was that I was able to dance all night long in the pool and not have to wear my heels and kill my feet. We were able to sit whenever we wanted, without having to pay for a table. Met some amazing new friends that night. Amazing DJ with some awesome mixes. Love, LOVE, LOVE this club and will definitely be coming back here. Next time I will take advantage of the Swim and wear a swimsuit. A few cons that I noticed (but it didn't take away from our 100% fun that night).#1. They needed to have more people going around and gathering up the empty glasses. We shared our lounge with about 7-10 other people and the glasses really started to pile up. I had to get up several times and take beer cans and glasses to the bar myself. I didn't mind at all though.#2. After a few hours here, it got super crowded in the outside pool area, so people were back to back pretty much. Again we didn't have a problem since we had a lounge and was able to keep it for us and our friends. With more people coming in and out of the water, the walk area around the pool got very slippery and I noticed that people were sliding all over the place. Once the confetti started to fly and fall on the wet areas, it was really inconvenient for some and was getting caught and mingled in their legs. Several times I had to stop dancing to untangle the confetti from around my legs. No biggy for me though. I do think that they could have been better at cleaning the confetti from the slippy floor areas. Someone could've been really hurt. Other then that, I had the best night here in Vegas so far!! I totally am in love with this club. Thanks for making our night so fun.
5	I'm a regular Las Vegas "tourist" who always comes from California, and the past few times I've come, XS was not up to my standards. The inside portion is almost like a big auditorium, with a sloping kind of venue with a stage in the center.However, the outside portion is amazing! I went last night and used Michelle as my promoter and, as long as you have an EVEN ratio (same number of girls and guys) then no one pays. I even got a free drink ticket! Diplo was spinning last night and I had a blast! You could even go into the pool if you wanted to. Don't come here without being on a guest list though, and just know the guest list meeting is usually inside the encore by the meeting rooms there. Use Michelle tho, she's awesome! She gets back to you super quick! Just text her the night before or day of, and she can help your group get in.. And there's really no wait on guest list! Instagram : Michelle_vegasnightlife Phone number : (908) 770-3570:)
5	This review is for Sundays Xs Nightswim with Wolfgang Gartner. Man what was amazing site. It's just surreal to see half of the people wearing club attire , and the rest wear swimwear. It's just whole different vibe on a Sunday. Xs nightswim has a cool,crazy, and chill atmosphere all at the same time. Hat's off to the Wynn amazing pool . A perfect place for the pool party. Beach Club by day, and Nightswim by night. For me the best is to get a cabana so you have your space to hang out, and going in and out of the pool.Wolfgang threw down a crazy set. His up beat music was insane. People were splashing to the beat, and that was amazing site to see, so awesome. The bottle service was top notch. Great service very friendly. Highly recommend doing the Nightswim Sunday's. Definitely trying to go back before the summer ends, and if don't make it back, you'll see me back here next year.
4	We came here on a Monday night and had a lot of fun. It was a little hard to find because it was down the hallway, but it was kind of nice that it was in a separate area than the casino. Once we were in line, they were pretty efficient with checking guest list and getting us inside. Once we were inside, we grabbed some drinks and headed to the dance floor. It was nice that they had a dedicated area in the middle just for people who want to dance. There were quite a few people, but it wasn't overcrowded. It was easy to spot the restrooms and to make your way over to them from the dance floor. And the place had great airflow, so it didn't get hot inside the club.The first DJ was pretty good. Then another DJ started a set, and we weren't feeling it, so we left. My one complaint was that we had to walk quite a ways to get to the taxi stand to get a taxi back to our hotel.
4	This club is massive and awesome. The energy here is the place to be for a good time. I have been here a couple times on Sunday Nights and what a difference it makes to have the outside pool area open at night. Make sure you get there to avoid waiting in line for hours. This is not New York or Miami where you go out at midnight to a club...better be there by 10pm.
1	Not quite sure why this is one of the hotter clubs in Vegas.  They are very disorganized here, often with the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing.  You can pay thousands here, and get very rude (and perhaps more importantly, confused) service.  Would not recommend this place for a bachelors party.
5	BEST CLUB! Was there last night with Zedd playing! Hung out mostly outside and dancing in the pool with our shoes off was so much fun! Amazing crowd of people, music was epic. Was fun watching people with their club clothes on and even suits jump into the pool and swim as the night went on, this place was out of control. Cant wait to go again!
1	I am utterly dissatisfied with the lack of consideration and care that the Club XS staff has for its attendees as well as the lack of organization. Last Saturday, August, 23rd, my wife and I were to meet with a group of our friends to celebrate a birthday. I called a promoter and we were put on the guest list for the night, however when we arrived, we discovered that my wife was only on the guest list and I had to wait in the general admission line, since only girls were put on the guest list for the night.We separated, and she had my phone so that she show the confirmation text to the host at the door. I then proceeded to wait in the general admission line for 2 hours, only to stand there and watch as the VIP host, Kalani, continuously accepted bribes from other people so that they could get in faster. All the while, the head of the line that I was in barely moved the whole time. In fact, the only reason it did move is because most of the people in front of me left out frustration or bribed the host to get in. Then, when I got up to the counter, the price was $150, which was obviously raised during the time I was in line. I don't understand why you would raise the price of admission for those coming in later. When I finally got into the venue, it was packed beyond belief, to the point that it was an obvious safety hazard. I stood in the entrance for about 20 minutes because I could not go anywhere. My wife finally found me there, but was almost unable to because when she was let into the VIP outside pool area, the host at the club portion of the club told her she would have to wait in the general admission line if she wanted get into that portion of the club or she would have to stay in the pool area since she basically got in for free. Why would an attendee on the guest list have to pay to get into another part of the club?When she found me we ended up leaving since there was no point in trying to find our friends. Our experience was a complete waste of time and money and I am very upset that I was unable to get what I paid for and the night was ruined because of mismanagement and greed. Also, we saw two girls get carried out in wheel chairs, and while I know their alcohol consumption is their own responsibility, the club XS is at least somewhat responsible for what happens to it's patrons. I understand this is probably a usual occurrence, considering it was Saturday night, but I still don't get how a club would allow it to get that packed every weekend.
5	Love this place! Beautiful place! Love the music, love the fact that you can go outdoors near the pool for some breathing room. Plenty of room to dance and reach to a bar. Good service. Saw lil Jon here which was awesome. Just love this place favorite club yet.
5	Went here for the first time this past Saturday and had an awesome time dancing all night with my girl friends and everyone there. We stayed outside near the pool but the music was still plenty loud and DJ Zedd was awesome! The venue was beautiful and the atmosphere/energy was great. Plus we each got a complimentary drink ticket so we didn't buy any drinks, which were probably super expensive anyway. But hey, it's Vegas!
1	This was the first time I have ever gone to a club and felt utterly disrespected. The staff has no consideration for the people waiting in line, even if you have already bought a ticket. After pre-ordering my ticket and waiting in line for more then 3 hours, they were still asking for extra money. Apparently the club was "full" but if I paid the security $20 more a magical spot would appear?! After finally getting inside at 2am, I barely had anytime to actually see the DJ and enjoy my time. I definitely will not be coming back.
5	XS is my new favorite club/pool in Vegas... and the world!!! Thanks 1st & foremostly to my go-to promoter Rachel @ XS (dont think twice, just call her: 702.557.4160), who is a true hustler and made sure we had everything we needed to have the hands-down BEST time in Vegas EVERRR!! Rachel is a one-stop shop when it comes to promoters, and we've worked with many of them over the years... you just give her the list of clubs/pool parties you want to go to, and she takes care of them all! (Or knows the best people who can)I went with a 14-girl bachelorette party last weekend, and every single one of the girls said it was the best time they've ever had in Vegas! Most importantly, the Bachelorette sent a txt afterwards conveying her "deepest gratitude for planning and executing on the most amazing weekend of my life!!... I am having serious post vacation depression now!!". I mean, what more could a friend want for her bachelorette?!!  Several of us have been to countless Vegas [bachelorette or other] parties over the past years together, and they were all fun & awesome, but this last one was over the top... and I have Rachel to thank for helping us get there ;DDDShe made sure we were taken care of at all the other pools & clubs we wanted to go to, outside of Encore's XS & Beach Club, because she has connections with other rave-worthy promoters at each hotel...  Rachel herself goes above & beyond to make sure the other promoters she sets you up with are equally as conscientious as she is, and she'll even check in to make sure they're on top of taking care of you!! A couple weeks before the trip, I texted Rach & asked her to put us on lists for several places.  She & her promoter contacts were able to get us free drinks at all places, upon entrance: Tao beach & club, Marquee, XS, and Encore Beach Club... They were even able to get us a free no minimum day bed at Marquee during a major event! People pay over $1200 for these! Advice:  follow each promoters' instructions (i.e show up with your group on time to clubs & pools) and stay in communication with them (i.e let them know if your group size goes down or up). They set everything up so you can make the most of your time (and $$$) in vegas, but it's up to you to seize the opportunity ;) About XS... (you know someone's customer service is so good, when you can't stop raving about them vs the actual venue haha)... but seriously, what an amazing place.  We chose to go on Saturday night to see Zedd, and it was sooo gooood! I recommend dancing in the outside area by the pool- the acoustics were awesome, you had a nice breeze, and could always cool your feet off in the water (which saved me from my heels!).  What can I say about XS, other than you'd have to experience for yourself.  We had so much fun, we danced non-stop from 11pm-6am and didn't even realize it! I had to literally be pulled away by my friends. And I honestly think the place makes everyone so happy- I was only able to meet the nicest, most positive fun peeps throughout my whole night there (even in the long bathroom lines!).  What a memorable time, despite all the alcohol ;p  I absolutely recommend all the above!!!
5	Best club ever!! I went there on a Saturday night and ZEDD was playing!!! The club was pack!! full of beautiful fun  people!! The people who work there treat you like if you were part of the Saudi Royal family, they are all about you and they do anything to make you experience Las Vegas night life to its  fullest, I want to thank my host Diego Diaz who got all of my buddies in and got us a the best table!! you should text him if you are coming to Vegas(702) 540-8923
1	Zero stars if I could,  dress code is not followed I called three times to see If guys can wear chucks they said no dress shoes only! The line for the guys was horrible the bouncers will RIP YOU OFF and try to squeeze you dry!! Wasn't worth it to me.
2	David Guetta. Ok, here comes the body guards, 2 hours late into showing, and still, ppl were packed in and starry eyed like sardines. XS was banking on star power to rake in the $, but this was borderline dangerous. Zero access to water, super super fire marshall crowded, grossed out drunk out of control, zero room to move pool area. umm..Classiness is a standard that starts classy and has to end classy. Overrated. On a quieter weekend, perhaps, though nothing to write home about. Pricey drinks, over-commoditized offerings, and a predictable crowdClassy clubs unite!
3	Usually, whenever I'm in Las Vegas with friends we always hit up XS and are never disappointed. Came here for New Years Eve once to see Deadmaus and it was fabulous. Unfortunately, this past weekend I came here for my bachelorette party. All of my girls and I bought tickets for the David Guetta show. We got in line at midnight and got inside the club at 12:45pm which wasn't too long of a wait. Once we got inside it was terrible. The club was so packed!! And not in a good way. There was no room to move. I've never seen it like that before, but granted it was Labor Day weekend with David Guetta. The place felt like a fire hazard though. Honestly, if a fire or emergency would have broken out I'm pretty sure people would have gotten trampled and died. It was extremely overcrowded and unsafe. I'm surprised they let that many people in. We had one drink and then decided to leave.
4	Giving it 4 stars because it has potential to be a 5 star but I seriously felt like they let too many people in the night I went. Monday June 23 (day after edc) it was beyond packed too forever to get drinks. 1 hour to get drinks umm that's a little too much. But overall I had a great time. More like the time of my life haha. Note to self don't go to Vegas when edc is happening
5	Only con would be:Understand that stamps come off in the pool. The security nearly threatened me when I tried to tell him. Get waterproof stamps. This is a pool club. Duh.Other than that:Best club in the world.
1	Seriously waited 2 hours in line to pay $55 cover to gain entry. Once we got in the club was not packed enough to justify a 2 hour wait. I fully understand that these clubs get busy and need to control the flow of people. This was excessive. It was only done to line the pockets of the bouncers and door men that were greased from average Joe's sick of waiting in line. The club itself was great and I enjoyed my time there (finally) but I will never return to a place where I was treated so poorly even paying a $55 entrance fee.
1	Horrible experience. A buddy of mine got a table at this club, I stood in line for 2 hours just to join the table. When I finally made it I the front (after most people in front of me kept leaving) they tell me there are no more table joins allowed. Bouncers (aka hosts), were letting all kinds of people in. They were taking money left and right to let huge groups in that weren't even standing in line. It was very frustrating, very unprofessional, I know they're there to make money but man, you gotta draw the line somewhere. People were getting out of this club and saying that it was impossible to move around as they oversold the venue. If you didn't have a table and tried to get a drink, good luck. Better buy 5 of them at once if you want to get drunk.That was my second and my last time going to XS. If I could give 0 stars I would, but yet again, they don't give a crap and this review will probably won't even make a dent.
4	I love Vegas nightclubs and XS is definitely one of the best ones there is. The venue has an indoor area along with an outdoor pool area and it's absolutely gorgeous. If you go on a busy weekend, expect it to be absolutely packed so make sure you get in line somewhat early. My girlfriends and I got in on the guestlist thanks to Michelle, who is a wonderful promoter that always replies quickly and is very helpful with getting you what you need. She usually hooks it up with free drink tickets too! Amazing! If you need to find a promoter for XS, I would definitely recommend her. Her number is (908) 770-3570 and you can text her. Minus one star for some rude bartenders, and also for it being so packed sometimes that it takes half an hour to swim the crowd to get to the bathroom. Also, if you leave at prime leaving time aka 4am, expect a long ass line for the taxi!
5	WOW.My boyfriend and I went to see Skrillex on 8/29 at XS and it was a phenomenal show. First of all, the venue is absolutely flawless. It has reserved booths, couches, tables, cabanas and a bar in the middle of the pool area. It also has a perfect-sized dance floor in front of the DJ stand. It may get a bit crowded (they do let about 11,000 people in during the course of one night 10PM-4AM) but what's the nightlife like without getting pushed and shoved once or twice ;) Be sure to get there early though, or you may be waiting in line for an extended amount of time!The service is great from what I experienced. The staff is constantly clearing finished drinks around the club and maintaining it as much as they can. The bartenders were super good-looking and very sweet! The DJ before Skrillex played a good show too. I actually enjoyed when he was playing a bit more because less people were on the dance floor and my boyfriend and I got to stay upfront all night. It was amazing. Skrillex killed it, obviously, and the lights/effects/bass were all up to par.Thank you XS, for a fantastic time!
3	5 stars for the show, 1 star for service lack and overloaded capacity.Went to the Skrillex show last weekend, staying at the hotel we had access to the hotel entry line.  It was an easy-to-follow process and easy to get in.  Once you're in, stay.  If you leave, there's a good chance you won't get back in!  To say it was crowded was an understatement, it was a complete safety hazard!! If you were to fall down on the floor, there's a good chance you'd be trampled.  The music was awesome, but after things get going, it's hard to get any kind of service.  $20.00 drinks at a bar that is 5 people deep means you aren't likely to get a drink either.  If you open a tab, your credit card will be held at one of the bars, and you're then required to only access that 1 bar.  Yes, the club is making money hand over fist, but it's unfortunate it takes away from any kind of customer service.Unfortunate the star DJ doesn't show up until 1:30 AM, especially when the hotel line requires you to be in the club by 11P.  Unless you spend $4,000 to $10,000 (no joke) for inside table service, there is nowhere for you to sit.  Even after 4-5 hours of dancing, everyone needs a break and somewhere to park it for a few moments.Will I return?   Yes.  It was a great show, just hope the club management takes a moment to improve the end-user experience.
5	This is my favorite club in Las Vegas! The venue is massive and has a great atmosphere. The instant you walk in, you're amazed with the atmosphere of the place. Great decor, great service, great ambiance. The venue has an outdoor pool area that you have to walk through to get to the indoor area. It has two bars inside and one outside. They book great acts and every time I have been here, I've had a flawless experience. Just be sure to get in line around 9:30 because it gets pretty packed.
5	Fuck Sid. Worst promoter ever!!!! But deadmau5 is a resident DJ and will blow your mind. XS rocks. Sid blows.
4	Fun night club in the Wynn/Encore casino. Used Michelle as my promoter, great girl. Got 2 free drink tickets and in for free for me and my two girlfriends. Definitely recommend using her, just text (908) 770-3570 for the hook up. Quick responses too which is much appreciated. Xs is a fun crowd lots of seating inside and outside. Outside is around the pool and some chairs/lounges are used at night in the pool (you don't get wet). Fun times in Vegas!
5	This is the nightclub that all others are compared to.  Hands down the king of nightlife.
5	XS is the most stunning club out of the Vegas clubs. I have a preference for clubs that have a pool and a large outdoor area. I feel trapped and claustrophobic in clubs that don't have an outdoor area. However, the dance floor indoors is small for a club this size. I can't get over the funky feet smell indoors every time I go there too. It gets super crowded on Fridays and Saturdays so I try to avoid those nights.I had the most fun during EDC week on a Monday. Hot, friendly Europeans that night and people more likely there for the DJ. Most of the time, the club is filled with my Asian people. Lol.RE: Their staff. The promoters I have dealt with have been polite, returns my texts promptly, get me in with a drink ticket or two, and every once in a while, to sit at a table which I haven't gotten a chance to go to yet. The wait on weekdays are not bad at all. They go by pretty fast. No issues with the bouncers and staff.
4	Went for Sunday night swim, beautiful grounds, I didn't get in the pool but I felt the water it was nice and warm. I'm not totally in to techno music but it's what I expected from vegas. Thanks to Michelle for getting us on the guest list with free drink tickets! Give her a call 908-770-3570 Facebook: www.facebook.com/michelle.vivalasguestlist instagram: Michelle_vegasnightlife
5	Tips:1.night pool party really means you can come in your bathing suit ( i know it feels weird to do so but if you want to enjoy the pool like many people did, do it!)2. you rolling with all of your 7 boys? well unless you get bottle service it might be a while to get in, so you don't mind...ahem...asking the bouncer if their is a faster way in ($20 a person), then you will be waiting a while. we were in a line of about 30 dudes, all the woman were already inside, so we paid the "express" fee and got in right away...hella worth it.The place is huge and i really like how they have set up the place, no matter where you are, its a party in every section. From pool floaty animals and things, to craps table, to badass DJ and effects inside. no matter why you decide to come here, its gonna be a good time!
1	Wow this place has changed since I was here last time. Most las Vegas clubs are pretty cool at taking care of locals but not XS. I came to XS with my bf for night swim. When we walked in the line, we made the bouncers know that we are local. They said the line will be about an hour but we will get in for free. Since we are getting in for free, I asked is there anyway we can get in the faster line since we will be taken care of. One of the bouncer said there is a way and he said that with douche look on his face. I didn't know what it means until about an hour wait in line where no body was moving except a few people and we wondered why. We discovered that some bouncers are asking people if they want in faster line, they can pay $25 extra. I was curious to whether that $25 would go to the club or not. But ofcourse, it went straight to the bouncer pocket. I believe in tipping the bouncer sometimes when they are nice to you and give you good service but this is straight up asking people for money and scamming. They are obviously holding line so they can ask people for money. I am a girl so I don't have a problem getting in but I still think this is the unethical scam that this people are running. I studied hospitality and I am not sure what kind of business these club management is allowing it's employees to do. I hope that this issue will be fixed.I am not a cheap person and I will take care of people but not to rude, awful service people. I am not gonna recommend this club to my out of town friends unless things are getting better. This is embarrassing to the entire service culture. This is supposed to be 5 stars property but I am not seeing this.
5	Oooolala! I have been here for both the nightclub and for the XS Night Swim. What a great time! Such a cool idea. Go on a less popular night; the less crowded the pool is, the better. It's such a gorgeous place. They have. A huge dance floor and an outdoor area with casino tables and the huge pool. This is by far my favorite club in Vegas. If you don't get bottle service and have to make the line, don't worry bc it goes very quickly although it looks very long.
5	We came, we saw, we destroyed! The only way to do a bachelor party is to go to XS and drop most of your cash here vs going to any strip club. We (12 guys) showed up around 10 30 and only got in around 11. There were several check points and lots of money passing hands just for us to get to our table!! Yeah that's right,  we were still in line even when we had bottle service reserved. Come early because the tables are first come. The girls are gorgeous including the waiters. We jumped in the pool during Zedd and no one stopped us. Started an epic pool party. In all my friends and I agree that this was one of our greatest nights together! "Ya"ll don't drink this, this here is for the bitchez", separate bottles for people because it's the greatest night of your life! Tipswear dress shoes, don't try to buy drinks for girls, they'll hang out with you if you have a table (no place to sit)try to keep up with your stuff if you jump in the pool, will get lost/stolen
4	Had fun with my friends. We came here to watch Zedd perform, and he was amazing. The venue is nice. You can dance inside or chill outside by the pools. Fresh air at clubs is always a plus in my books.
5	Got bottle service here last weekend with the guys and it was awesome.  The bouncers were rude, but I think they always are to guys so its nothing that im not used to.  The girls that brought out our bottles were smoking and so were all the others hanging around our table.
5	everything you've heard is true. just go. and show up really early (regardless of which night of the week it is).but in particular, go for the sunday night swim. it is like nothing you've ever been to.
5	XS is the best nightclub in Vegas! If you don't want spend a lot of money put your name on the guest list. I went to Vegas two times and I contacted the promoter Michelle (+19087703570) and we didn't pay to go to the club and in addiction we had 2 free drinks each person. I really recommend it!
5	Best place to club when in vegas! Went for a last minute getaway with my bf and michelle hooked us up! No waiting in line and hooked us up with drinks. I love her.Hit up my girl Michelle for guestlists and tables. She will take care of u! Promise!! 9087703570
4	Great club! Awesome lights and friendly service! Pricey pricey drinks, I recommend getting drunk gambling first.
3	After visiting Tyrst first, XS looks like a lesser twin sister. I understand the whole "ain't broke, don't fix it" mentality, but I was disappointed in how it looks virtually the same, maybe a little bigger, but definitely with less wow factor. Encore/Wynn group, you could have done better! We (4 girls & 1 guy) were able to get on guest list for Skrillex on Monday night. We saw that the entry was listed as $25/$35 respectively each. We were comped (even the guy) so that was nice. The line/entry area was crazy, as in I felt like I was waiting in line for a Disney ride with the way it snaked around in a sizable room. Overall the experience was ok. I personally was more amazed at how many people were there on a Monday night. I was on vacation, but were all the other people on vacation too? And is every young person made of gold in LAS? It seems like dropping several Gs on a random Monday is a common occassion.All in all, it's a great club especially comparing to anything anywhere else I've been to. Great sound and light. But comparing to Tyrst, it was a little underwhelmed.
3	IDK...I say it's a 3.5. The obvious statement of yes it is a beautiful club. Still not sure how all the promoter stuff works but we got in. It was a whooping $70 on the night of David Guetta. It was pretty fun and all but the unknown DJ was way better than David Guetta and I paid to see David Guetta for like an hour since he wasn't that good....The outside of the club is beautiful and vastly big. The nice outside pool is a nice addition to the club too. Still paying $70 for this club made me gave the same rating as Light despite me enjoying my experience at XS more. Also...although it was a vastly large club, at some point in the club it's like a zombie horde has arrived in the club and you will not be able to move as well as you think you could. Fighting through people if you ever want to go to the restroom, paying $$$ for drinks that are 1/3 the price outside of the club, and giving so much more space to the people that has seatings. To conclude, the dance floor is quite small in the inside because about 30% are closed off for the people that have seatings which is really annoying and you just squish off with strangers you don't know. Will i be back? Possibly...but not sure if i'm down to pay $70 again.
3	A club you must go to when you visit LV.Sadly its mostly edm, house or whatever.But its nice during the summer especially being able to walk around the pool and not freeze to death.One thing I hate about this place is all the rude people. Is it really that hard to say 'sorry' or 'excuse me'????? I guess i need to start being rude because i get weird stares for being nice!Drink prices are outrages! We ordered the same drinks at two different bars and the prices were about a $15 difference!Came during iHeart Radio weekend and got lucky enough to see usher and chris brown perfrom together! sure made up for the rude jerks in there.
3	It's crowded, well run, impressive, and can either be very cheap or expensive (depending on how hydrated you are).Last night me and my girlfriend went to see Zedd.  The couple we were going with were on the promoter's list, so entry was free.  They definitely like women in this place because they kept yelling for all the ladies to move to the front of the line and all the men to move to the back.  With an even ratio, they were fine letting us go on and the line moved quickly.  They also handed the women a free drink card.If this was it, I'd say this place was awesome.  But once we got in, the club interior was packed, and there was no seating outside, except for bottle service.  When my girlfriend got drinks, I asked her to snag us 4 waters.  $40 later, we had 2 pints of water.  That killed the experience.  I figure there was no cover and they did give the ladies drink cards, so there was plenty of value, but it was a disappointing surprise.
4	j just came back from XS....  and back in my room in Encore.  My shoes are off and I am looking forward to room service.  Wow.... I must say David Fogg as an opening DJ, you really stunk it up.  What were you doing?  Hip-hop?  EDM?  It was painful listening to your crappy set.  How in the world did a classy place like XS allow you to torture the high paying customers for 2 hours.  When you finally left and the main DJ came on and tried to give you props, it was total crickets and no one applauded.  I bought tickets in advance for XS which is a great club, but I came early ~ 11pm.  DO NOT COME EARLY!  The opening DJs suck.  Come around 1:30am when the amateurs get off the stage.  XS is a great club but make sure you don't have to listen to crappy opening DJs.
4	Even though XS is not new anymore, it's still one of my favorite clubs to go to!
5	This place is pretty freaking nice. Considering its my first club in Vegas this sets a pretty high bar for the rest. I'm used to clubbing in NYC but the clubs here are meh while Vegas on the whole seems pretty elaborate and on the whole better. Certainly more space here at least. XS is one of the largest clubs, and the outdoor section with a pool and jacuzzi is really nice and they also have blackjack tables set up WHILE David Guetta was performing. We were able to go inside since we had an all access pass, tons of tables, and the stage is decent sized considering they need to divide up the stage, table area, and walk paths. I don't know much about how much tables cost but i hear it can go from 2-4k.
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would!!! Do NOT pre-pay your tickets on want tickets.com it means NOTHING. Their staff is incompetent and don't know where lines are.We prepaid for 3 guys and 3 girls and were given the run around for where to go. When we finally found the right entrance we were told the girls can go in but guys will be an additional $20 to get. WTF the guys already paid $30. Not to mention we were put in the regular line of people who did not pay. We have been here plenty of times before and have NEVER had this horrible of service. I will never come to XS again and will tell everyone I know to stay away from the establishment. Want tickets.com is a fraud and does nothing to enhance the shitty service you receive at the club!
5	Every one should hit up Michelle for any guest list.  Her # is (908) 770-3570.  She is amazing!
4	Was just here last night, and this might be my favorite nightclub so far. The view of pool is awesome, the DJ kept everyone moving, and there are plenty of bars so they never get too packed. My only complaint is that the bouncers outside were a bit rude But I guess they deal with drunk people on a daily basis, so I'll cut them some slack. Also, shout out to Michelle, my new favorite promoter, for getting my friend and I in for free and 2 free drinks each. Definitely contact her if you're interested in going! (908) 770-3570
5	The promoter Michelle for XS nightclub was great! She got us on the VIP entry guest list with hardly no line! Thanks Michelle! Until the next fun trip to Vegas! 908-770-3570
5	This was an amazing club! Lots of space to accommodate many people and Michelle gave us a great hookup on VIP!!! :)) 908-770-3570!
4	I love going to XS, the layout is incredible and the music never disappoints. However this past Saturday, I didn't have a good time. The unknown artist played songs from all different eras and after an hour my girls and I rushed out of there quickly to Hakkasan. Anyways... Looking forward to coming back with my awesome bestie.
2	Saw Diplo at the venue. Great sound, small venue, some people would call it intimate. Do not get me wrong I enjoy dancing shoulder to shoulder with people when the music is hot. Sure my girlfriends butt gets touched every once in awhile. The security were professional and on it...  The female servers on the other hand are maybe working too hard, but they have attitude and one of them almost got my cousin arrested.  So this is the story, two servers are walking together and the blonde servers squeezes her Co-workers (the brunettes) butt. The brunette turns to our group points at my cousin, yells at him then starts calling security. Her blonde Co-worker first looks like she is trying to tell her that she is one who goosed her. But the brunettes not having it, and security is called. I ask security if they are walking my cousin out, again security was completely professional and they advise, that they got to kick him out...We walk to the front, the manager just advises my cousin he has to leave, no charges pressed. The server could really ruined my cousin life if they decided to press charges on something he never did. Again the venue was nice, security was cool...possibly would not go again since the whole experience left a bitter taste to my night #Vegas #xs #diplo
5	Had an amazing time here and it was all thanks to Michelle. I was staying in Vegas for the weekend and wasn't too sure what club to hit. I got Michelle's number from a friend and wow was I amazed by the fast response and all the hook ups she was able to provide. She got promoters for me and set me up with VIP entry to XS. Super nice and knows how to get stuff done fast. If you are visiting and want to hit the nightclubs especially XS contact Michelle for all your needs. (908) 770-3570.XS has great visuals and always has good music/DJs. If you're ready to have a good time and be surrounded by lots of girls come here!!
3	XS is the most hit-or-miss location I've been to. Their performers? Top of the A-list: Zedd, Avicii, you name it. The atmosphere? Fun, wild, lots of hot young people. Dated interior that needs updating, and feels really cramped, especially when they block off the exit to the outside area. The tables are clustered together awkwardly mostly in one corner, which feels separated from the action. Security needs to step up their game here, as the crowd-pushing gets seriously insane. I don't know how they manage to better control crowds at other Vegas clubs, but they need to have a workshop with XS. In addition, the bouncers are straight-up hostile. I understand they deal with a LOT of bs, but when I'm minding my own business and simply trying to wait in line with my legal ID to get into a club, I don't really want to be interrogated.
1	Worst experience ever. Xs is super strict. Me and my friends went in around 11:00pm, we were celebrating for a friend bday, and We got a table and as soon as I go in they checked my id and my friends id. Im 25 and when they saw my id they said okay u can go in. My friend is 22 and they took her id away cause they thought it was a fake, then they took my id away cause they thought it was a fake too.Me and my friend tried to get our id back but they kept telling us to call the cops. I tried to call the cops and they kicked us out and detained me and hand cuffed me for not listening to them. Took the cop 2 hrs later to come by to tell them my id card was real. Got no apology what so ever and on top of that they gave me a ticket for trespassing just cause I wanted my id back. Now I have to go back to vegas and go to court to fight the ticket. The 2 ppl who detained name was D Brown and bob, so beware if you see them.
4	Very fun and tasteful venue!  Open back wall to the pool area so not your typical claustrophobic nightclub. Great place to go out with your friends to mingle and dance!  Drinks are a little pricey, but that's Las Vegas. We worked with club promoter Michelle to get in/get table reservations. She was great and her info is: Instagram: Michelle_vegasnightlife, Facebook: Facebook.com/Michelle.vivalasguestlist, Phone:  908-770-3570. She'll hook you up!
5	Had the best time here. Great experience. I got a cabana and was worth every penny. Have to enjoy a bottle of ciroc. This is by far my favorite club. Zedd was performing and was really good. This is a must if you go to vegas
4	I still can't wrap my head around the fact that I went here, but I did and it was a great experience. I came here to see Zedd DJ with some friends. We were able the by pass the line and that really added to the experience. I couldn't imagine waiting in a ridiculously long line paying $55 for cover and then dropping some money on booze. Anyway, this club is crowded like no other. There's no room to move once you're inside. The club part isn't all that big however since it's indoor/outdoor it's much better than I expecting being a non-clubbing person. You can also reserve outdoor tables or cabanas if you're wanting to spending at least $1,500 on bottle service. I can think of better things to spend my money, but to each their own. Anyway, we arrived around 11ish and Zedd didn't appear until 1:37am there was a lot of waiting but what an experience once he did come on. The crowd came alive and it was just crazy. He DJ'ed for 2 hours and the crowd went wild for him. You never know what the crowd is going to be like. The crowd was tolerable but less than ideal. Lots of drunk sloppy people and obnoxious people that bump into you repeatedly.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the place... We were let in easy.. (we were staying at the Wynn) Music was fun! Love the night swim and the regular club.. we will be going again!
2	The night club was awesome. We had 10 people go there with us for my daughters 21st Birthday and we were all from California. Here's what I'm really disappointed about. We all arrived there Friday 10/17/2014 @ 10:15pm . We had checked their website and it said on Fridays it was $30 for men and $20 for woman, when we got there they said It was $35 for men and $25 for woman. That's not even the worse part of it, I really didn't care and wasn't going to argue about it. The bad part is, the line was so short and in fact, there was only 8 people ahead of us and it took us over an hour before they let us in. The Gate keeper I would call him came over and told us if we wanted to tip the host $20 per male they would let us in right now and at this point there was only 4 people in front of us. So if we paid this extra $20, we would be @ $430 instead of $310 just to get in the front door. Then at there desertion, they would let people go straight in with no wait or maybe they just had more money than our group and could pay the $'s needed to skip the line. The good part is, that once we got in we spent over $1,000 in drinks and had a blast. The sad part is I would never go back to this club because of there greed. I mean really, you would think that they would be happy you picked their Club for a special night for our daughters 21st and that we traveled all the way from California. When I told the Gate Keeper that it was my daughters 21st, he didn't even seem to care one bit. When we go to Las Vegas for my next daughters 21st, I will make sure if we go to this Club again we contact someone there that actually appreciates your business. People running this club will end up costing the owners money and maybe they already make so much that they really don't care. Great Club, poor Gate Keepers..
5	AppearanceWYNN BEST CLUB EVER! Hands down, XS gave me the most fun at a club than any other I've experienced.  Im not new to the club scene so this is a compliment. Two night before I was st Drie's After Dark at the Cromwell on the strip. . This was MUCH better.  The club is large had a outdoor pool in the back and a multi tiered area inside.  The night I went DJ GREEN LANTERN was spinnng the top hiphop and trap music.. Green Lantern shut down the club..  ppl from ALL background dancing singing drinking and having a good time. No fights not knuckle heads... lots of beautiful ppl.A most goPrice$25 WOMEN$30MENDrinks are pricy... a beer was $10. Lord!
4	It's a very nice casino ! Club XS wax fun & sexy . I would definitely make plans to stay at Encore next visit around to Vegas.  I really like the decor and the gaming tables are newer.  They have Chanel shop , a live jazz lounge area, but the XS Club music is more to my taste
5	I have always had a blast when going to XS. This is one of the first clubs that I truly had a good time at when coming to Vegas! Everything about this place is super nice! You could get into this place even if you've only got a group of guys! The music is always good and drunk folks seem to like jumping into the pool lol! The only other place that I've been to in recent times that I could put over XS would be Drai's! BUT, XS is still definitely my top TO-GO to place if you're trying to party out in Vegas. For some reason, the ratio of girls to guys always evens out here! I've never seen it turn into a cockfest with way too many guys here.
4	Probably 3.5 stars.PROMOTER: Since XS has fallen a little from the clubbing scene, I figured it would be easy to get in for free with both guys and girls.  I texted Paul C (858-245-6055) and he said as long as I had twice as many girls than guys the guys would get in for free.  He was very informative keeping me updated with texts and making sure I knew where the entrance was (we entered through Brahms Ballroom) and even got the girls free drink tickets! We had 6 girls and 2 guys.PARKING: If you're driving, park in the Encore self park lot, not the Wynn.  If you park in the Wynn self park lot you'll end up at Surrender, and have to walk across, past the check in and go all the way down until you see the Encore self park lot and the back entrance to XS.  I still do not know where Encore self park is because when I was driving down the strip all I saw was Wynn self park.WAIT: The promoter said we had to get in by 11pm to get everyone for free.  I was a little worried about the line but we got to the back entrance at 10:45 and there was no line! We went in right away and got into the club.ATMOSPHERE: People said it had an outdoor and indoor area but on a Friday night the pool was roped off so we could only dance on the inside area and then walk along the pool near the bottle service tables.  The inside was pretty nice, with a baseball shaped room.  There were rounded bottle service booths lining the side and then the dance floor coming into a V in the middle with on DJ.  Only one room, but it is semi-open so there was a lot of air flowing and it wasn't that sweaty! In fact, I didn't get hot at all.DRINKS: They gave us free drink tickets (which don't work for certain drinks) but they were pretty good.  Water was FREE, which was great too.  MUSIC: We saw Wolfgang Gartner play and he actually came on around 1am and was pretty good.  The DJ before him was pretty good too, but it's pretty much all EDM so if you're not into that you won't like it.  It wasn't super crowded so that was nice because you could actually dance and not get elbowed in the face.Although XS isn't as popular as it used to be, I wanted to check out the club everyone said was amazing.  It was fun and the venue was nice, but I wish there was a hip hop room and that we could venture in the pool area.
4	Late review, but here it is... A much better experience at XS than Drai's Nightclub, which we went to on a Thursday night. Cover was pretty much the same as Drai's, $30 for Guys and $20 for the Ladies, however they do have promoter specials that allows a girl to bring a guy in with no charge (1:1).  The bartenders here were friendly, fast and smiled!  The drinks were reasonably priced, $12 for rail drinks, $15 for premium.  We didn't order any shot or beers at this location, so no prices for you guys...The crowd seemed younger, more chill and not so uptight, making this place a lot more fun and easier to mingle and socialize.  BUT if you want an EDM style dance floor, go to Drai's.Overall this place was MUCH better in ways of prices, customer service, and bathroom cleanliness.
1	Bought tickets, still had to bribe bouncers to get in. Fuck that.
3	I have been to XS multiple times before and always had a great time, but there are clearly some shady people going there now. I was there this past Friday and had my purse with me on the dance floor and had my iphone stolen out of it. This happened to 3 other girls from my group throughout the night and 6 or 7 other girls not in our group as well. We contacted XS about the situation and they said Wynn security would look into it, but apparently this has happened a few times in the past so I don't know how hard they're really investigating this. We are filing a police report with the local police, but I think that XS should really put more effort into stopping incidences like this because I always have so much fun at their club and don't want to stop going because of shady people there.
1	Place is awful. I was excited to go here because its world known...what a letdown. We went to see Deadmau5 recently and the sound system was horrible. The inside room had two speakers BLOWN. BLOWN SPEAKERS IN A CLUB OF THIS MAGNITUDE (and price)?????? The outside area wasn't dialed in either. So far Drai's and Marquee are my Vegas go-to's.
1	This night club pool bar was having a D.J. Zedd was spinning for the Halloween Party last nite.We knew not to show up until 12 or 1, since another jock would before he comes on ( I have seen how this works before),To say it was cluster crowded was a understatement, they only had 2 small bars to serve 2000 people, the only table and seating available was the VIPtables which cost thousands with bottle service!!It was just 2 of us so that wasn't a option.I was really disappointed that they didn't have any champagne just the cheapwell drinks, so I just danced on a stripper pole and made the best of it.This place is located in the Encore, a Wynn property.
5	It seems like a lot of people are dropping bad marks on XS because they are unaware of standard night club culture in Vegas. This review is more "Expectations Management 101" for those that have never been to a Vegas night club. I hadn't either until this year, but I'm hooked now and love it. 1. Las Vegas night clubs are all about image and building a culture of eliteness. If you dress poorly, expect to wait. If you are a group of guys, expect to wait. If you are dressed appropriately, have more girls than guys in a group and ask nicely, solid chance the bouncers will let you cut in line if those around you are in tank tops. (I've only done this at XS before. Once I asked, once a bouncer asked us.) Like most clubs, show up before 11 if you want to get in. Lines get dreadful at clubs everywhere after that. Come early and enjoy the house DJ, you know? 2. Unless you have a table, don't plan on finding a seat anywhere. However...XS actually wins the award for being one of the more non-table friendly clubs. Whether outside by the pool along plant edges or inside along the walkway, most clubs don't even offer that much. That being said, XS with a famous DJ like David Guetta means about 8,000 people and zero space. So remember that if your shoes are hot as hell but will hurt like a bitch before you even make it through the Encore to the club, you might want to rethink what pair you will wear.3. Do NOT leave your purse unattended unless you have a table. This has nothing to do with XS. Human nature doesn't say, "This isn't mine, so I shouldn't take it." If you want to dance and have free hands, bring a small clutch with a strap that puts the bag right under your arm pit.4. Having to wait for a drink at the bar is normal. LiFE, Marquee, Drai's, and Hakkasan are the same. Again, it's a culture of eliteness and maximizing space; realistically, they can make a smaller bar to put in an extra two tables (which will rake in a solid 10K probably) since they know people will wait for a drink anyway. And at $16 a pop, it takes a lot more drinks to make $10K.5. Drinks in Vegas are expensive, period. This is a Vegas-ism, not an XS-ism. I'm not a huge drinker so it doesn't take much, but if you are... I would highly recommend pre-gaming if cash is an issue. Since this is a review on XS... I should probably say something about XS in general, right? This is a beautiful club. More space than Hakkasan, less space than Drai's. Dance floor is about the size of Hakkasan's.Sound system and effects are solid, whether indoors or outside by the pool. XS is a little strange because you can show up dressed to the nines or with the intent of jumping around in a pool to the music. I think that might just be Sunday Night Swims, though. (I could be wrong...) Also, locals get in for free Sunday nights, I believe... If you need a promoter and are a group of mostly girls looking to get in for free, give Chris a text for the hook up... He will help you out. 702.722.8585 XS is easily one of the biggest money making clubs in this town, and I still like it much better than Marquee or Hakkasan. XS and Drai's are great ones to check out for your first Vegas club experience. Now that you know what to expect, have fun! =)
5	ZEDD + Vegas (XS) + Friends = Best. Night. Of Your. Life.Saturday night. Party poppin'. Glitzy people. It was awesome.The venue was huge,  amazing and just plain gorgeousHere's some tips: - Buy your tickets online ahead of time. They're actually really cheap compared to the exorbitant prices at the door. ZEDD Saturday night ended up being triple digits for guys. Guys in our group only spent $35.00 by buying early. - Girls. Buy your tickets too. It's only $25.00 online. Your promoter can only get you in so far. A lot of people (mostly girls) were turned away at the second door where ZEDD and the other bars were because they didn't have full access to the club because they were brought in by either promoters or by their charming good looks.- Yes, apparently XS has two sections, there's the outer club that everyone has access to, and then there's the inner ring that is only allowed for people who paid (stamps are given out at the main entrance by security). So you're shit out of luck if you didn't buy your tickets.P.S. ZEDD, you are an amazing SOB. :heart:
5	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas!  Special thanks to our promoter Michelle who hooked us up at the last minute!  Hit her up if you need help with guestlists:  (908) 770-3570
3	Everything was going well until my clutch was stolen on the super crowded dance floor. As soon as I found out, we went to the entrance and asked the securities if anyone had turned it in. They were unhelpful. So immediately after I left the club, I called my bank to cancel my cards. We waited to come back to lost and found the following day. No one turned it in! After almost a day, I realized I forgot to call one of my credit card company and someone actually used my card!!! Ladies, be very careful of your belongings! It gets really crowded and you never know who is standing next to you! I learnt it the hard way! :(
3	Happening..crazy busy..long wait..super busy..super crowded. .worth it....Cover can be steep 55 green ones..
4	Came here for a friends birthday who loves EDM (I do not). So if you love EDM then this is the place to go. The decor is beautiful and so are the dancers! We were with a group of 8 girls who got in easily thanks to our promoter Daniel: 808) 375-3112
5	Being outdoors is not so bad in the summer.  Every time I came, Zedd was spinning.  One time I came, my friends and I were pushed outside.  That was lame, but whatever.  It was nicer in the water.  It was pretty hot too.  The misters were on.  2nd time around, we were in and outdoors.  The place was opened up to everyone, in and outdoors.  Time definitely went by quick when you're having fun.  My friends and I arrived so late, we started doing shots after shots after shots.  What a night...
5	Got presale tickets for this spot a few months ago which also happened to be Alesso's birthday. The lines were pretty long as expected which meant it's best to show up early! I really didn't expect Alesso's set to be so amazing but he really went beyond my expectations. Having also attended EDC this year, I'd have to say his set would be ranked among one of the top performances.Having been  here dozens of times, I have to say, it's still one of the goto spots every time we visit Vegas. This place is huge but usually goes beyond max occupancy if such a thing exists for Vegas nightclubs... The decor is awesome and it's probably a good idea to get a table here so you won't be so cramped with all the other patrons.PS: They have poker tables inside if you're in the mood to gamble while drunk.
5	Hit up my Rachel for all your las Vegas events needs best connect ever!!!!! Hit her up +1 702-557-4160 she's prompt, convenient, and honest!
4	When it comes to Vegas, this is one of my favorite clubs to head to.  Like any Vegas club XS has its pros and cons. Cons: -The club ALWAYS seems to be over-crowded.  It's packed like sardines and makes going from the inside to the outside seem like an adventure.  -They close out the inside if it is too crowded.  This definitely annoys me since I want to be inside watching the Dj.  Pros: -Nice set up. They have a fairly large inside, two bars, one on each side.  Plus, on the outside they have pools, two other large bar areas, and more restrooms.  Some clubs only have one restroom area which can make for long lines, I'm looking at you Surrender.  -They always have great Djs here.  No matter which weekend or which day, there is always someone worth seeing.  -They have night swim in the summer.  This is probably one of my favorite things to do in Vegas.  It's basically one large pool party where everyone is having fun together.  During regular nightclub events, talking to people may be a bit more difficult, but at night swim everyone is much friendly and open to mingling. All in all I love XS and I always look forward to coming here.
5	My 900th review is dedicated to the best night I had in 2014! I went here with my girlfriends to see David Guetta and had a blast. Beautiful nightclub and a lot of attractive people here ;). This club is pretty big, especially the outside area. I read somewhere this club was influenced by the curves of the human body... sounds kinda silly but once you see the club and the layout... it makes sense, lol.Getting drinks from the bar was pretty easy, as the bar is big and bartenders are fast. If you go with a group of girls, find a promoter and score free drink tickets! My girlfriends and I were literally on the dancefloor for 3 hours straight, no joke! All sober, no bar or bathroom breaks! I couldn't believe time passed by that fast. The club had good air conditioning, which is important...it kept us going lol. As for leaving the club with a taxi, expect to wait a long time. We saw a huge line that pretty much crowded the entrance... seeing that we decided to walk back to the Cosmo which took us 20 minutes so we can grub on our 5AM pizza :) XS always grabs the best DJs for every weekend. Definitely can't wait to come back here and go loca.
1	This club sucks so bad. Supposedly I went on the best nights and it was literally dead in here. Drinks at the bar was good but the music is Terrible! Nothing but EDM and no Hip Hop. I believe clubs will never play as much anymore due to the hype of EDM. Their layout is just like Tryst only difference is XS is a lot bigger and doesn't have the 90 ft waterfall.
2	This place is big but the people are so rude! The floor was so nasty my heels would get stuck on the dirty ass floor. David getta or how ever you spell his name was the sj and I'm sorry it was horrible! No one was dancing it was so packed with old people just standing there being creeps.
4	The nightclub is one of the best that I have been to. But this past Saturday December 13th was not a good one. This was my third time going to XS, and for the second time of the three I was treated with such disrespect from the staff that works for the nightclub that I do not think I am coming back in a long time. They ruined my night and I felt so humiliated to be treated as if I was not paying for the service. Hopefully none of you guys will be treated like I was, and I feel like someone from the hotel or the nightclub should check their staff service.
5	This was one of the best experiences i ever had. .One of our friends had forgotten her ID, so the best part was,we did not have to start from the end of the queue..the bouncer kept place for us and let us in straight away as we came back with the ID.Ambience was fantastic!! Superb music with gr8 drinks!!
1	I'm being generous here.  I used to frequent XS when it first opened. It set the bar for Vegas clubs. This review is for table and bottle service. Unfortunately I didn't use my people for the reservation and my buddy and his crew used someone who didn't care. $3500 for a tiny booth next to the restrooms.  It's no longer got any class to it.  I've never been somewhere where so much money was being spent and I had my drink knocked so many times.  Half the time it was from a bouncer charging through the crowd without care. I has to dry clean everything and my new JV boots were scuffed beyond repair. I'd advise dressing down for this place. We saw our waitress 4 times for the entire night and she was difficult, unaccommodating, and moody. The place was also packed to the point where a sea of people were swaying through the room and we were literally getting crushed against our booth.  A shame as Encore is still a great hotel.
5	Had a blast at this club and thanks to Michelle she got us on the guest list and made our night even better. She is really awesome at what she does and made sure to keep in touch the whole time I was there. she recommend a few clubs and put me and my girlfriends on the guest list will definitely keep her number for my next Vegas trip. I recommend hitting her up if your in Vegas. Michelle # 9087703570 I Michelle_vegasnightlife Facebook: Facebook.com/Michelle.vivalasguestlistThanks Michelle!!!!
5	XS is my absolute favorite nightclub in Vegas!The layout of the venue is great and I especially love the outdoor area; it's beautiful and even has a bar and tables set up for gamblers. But be careful not to get too schwasted and fall in the pool...Lines can get long so try to get there a little earlier. Contact a promoter to get you and your friends on the guest list to avoid paying a ridiculous cover fee. The ratio of females to males must be even in order for your group to qualify for the "free" pass.The last time I went, my friends and I (4 girls, 3 guys) got in for free, but only had access to the outdoor area... weird. There was a cover fee to get inside ($25/girl and $55/guy) but we hustled the bouncers and managed to get all the girls in free of charge. The guys, unfortunately, ended up having to hand over $100 for all three of them to get inside. But hey, better than $55 per person, right?Highly, highly recommended if you want to make your Vegas trip memorable (or not, if you drink enough).
4	Went on an Industry night.  So this of course means that all of the locals and that chill crowd is there.  It's a nice spot and we didn't have any trouble going through the line and of course the bouncers had the ability to be a pain in the butt but they weren't.  They were cordial and let us through with no issues.  The place is pretty big when you go in the summer but we were there during the "winter" months so we just allowed ourselves to roam.  Nice set up and it was packed but not so packed that people were stepping all over you.  As always, there were some creepers but we had a great time bringing in my husband's birthday.  I'd go to XS again only if I don't have to pay cover.  Great spot.
5	EDC's Insomniac crew held an afterparty here with Afrojack DJing and the crowd was non stop "ignit". Everyone looks gorgeous. Even the architecture and setup alone is magnificent. If you're into having a crazy and unforgettable night, make sure you rage it out here for some fun.
2	I TAKE BACK EVERYTHING GOOD I SAID ABOUT THIS CLUB! Came here for Kaskade on 12/20/2014 and it was absolute chaos! Pros: 1. For how long the line was, we got in pretty fast.2. Kaskade CON: Bouncers, the club pays you guys to conduct line/crowd control.. I HIGHLY DOUBT that they have ever instructed you to verbally harass and/or physically harm people! I was previously shoved by a bouncer here last year but I decided to overlook it because I had such a great time. BUT this time, I can no longer remain silent about it.Apparently, guests needed 3 stamps on their hands Saturday night in order to go inside for Kaskade. I heard this and was trying my best to cooperate with the bouncers to get out of the crowd. However, things escalated really quickly and got  completely out of hand. All I remember is hearing the bouncer cussing the crowd out and pushing us back forcefully. Heck... the crowd was not even pushing!  TOTALLY UNCALLED FOR! Final Verdict: I come to Vegas to destress not to get stressed.. I am going elsewhere from now on! Out of safety concerns, Management really needs to keep a close eye on this, because someone can really get hurt!
4	Not my favorite nightclub in Vegas but still a popular choice among my groups of friends. They always have some cool deejay being featured on the weekends we are there, which makes it difficult to get in if you're not on the guest list. For me, the deejay had better be freaking amazing because this place gets overwhemingly packed.XS is HUGE, both indoors and outdoors. It's absolutely gorgeous during the day or at night. Everything from the lights to the furniture is breathtaking, and even if you go to experience being surrounded by high class glamour, it's totally worth it. Just be careful not to fall into the water when you're not dressed for it!
4	This club is  a really beautiful indoor / outdoor club, that I would definitely recommend seeing if you have the chance. The reason I knocked a star off was because the night we decided to come everyone else in Vegas was also trying to get it (cascade was playing that night). It took just over an hour to get through the promoter line (no cover though) and they were giving the ladies one free drink.Once through the line, there are two pools that are part of the outside part, both of which make a beautiful view. The club was so packed, be careful not to fall in (I saw that happen!). There are heaters outside so it's fairly comfortable even though it's December. We didn't make it to the inside part of the club, because it was just far too crowded to squeeze through. Next time in Vegas I will try to go on an off night to enjoy the whole club.
5	Fist time in Vagas after many years and of course confused because there is so many places and so crowded. One of my friend introduced me and my friends  to a promoter name Chris Cowette. We contacted Chris and right away he responded and gave us all the information that was needed to get to XS night club. When we got there Chris warmly welcomed us and took us to the table . Inside XS night club  was amazingly beautiful and the DJ was playing the best music to a point that i did not want to stop dancing ( even though i was so tired ). Through out the night Chris was there to help with drinks and any questions we had ( trust me once you get drunk you all of a sudden have lots of question to ask ). It was a great night and i highly recommend anyone going to Las Vegas going to XS night club and of course contact Chris for the best service . This is his number btw (702) 722-8585
4	Why it could be a four or three depending on if you bought a ticket for the Dj dance floor area or just guest list that is any other place not the main area.  I was here once Calvin Harris and I'll say this there won't be a dance floor for long so stay at the front and hold it in. On this trip I was here for Kaskade I literally saw everyone and their moms here it was madness.  If you are outside the dance floor there are plenty of places around to chill it's great and you get to listen to cool DJs and possibly dance with actual space.  Enjoy the sight of the pool and garden.  There is a lot of room to move around and chill outside the main dance area.Bartenders weren't bad and don't mess with the bouncers you're gonna make a scene by just messing with the rope.
5	Always an amazing time at XS!! Me and my friends have had bottle service there multiple times. Best service and world class DJ's, need I say any more? The staff are friendly and security make sure you are well taken care of!
5	Chris Cowette  7027228585 hooked us up! He got us into Tryst  and XS without any trouble . Good for locals and the French lol #lovespikyhair
4	Hands down one of the nicest nightclubs I've ever been to...and I used to write a nightlife column! And the bouncers are actually nice there-that never happens in nightclubs! I just wish they played more hip-hop and less electronic music, but I think that's just me getting old and being old school :)
5	Love it. The dance floor is not as big but it's definitely more spacious than other bigger clubs. The music is always popping and this is my fav club to go to. They have locals night so I go every Sunday. Make sure you bring fun friends tho.
5	Wanted to give a shoutout to Chris Cowette for his impeccable service in helping me and my group with our recent trip to Vegas. Chris is extremely responsive (he isn't kidding about within 5 minutes!) and delivers exactly as promised. Guest list for XS and free drink tickets for the ladies were taken care of immediately with no drama whatsoever! And if you need connects for any of the other clubs in Vegas, Chris knows people so it will all be taken care of.Thanks for helping out with my trip and look forward to working with you again.
5	XS is the best night club I've ever been to! We had a VIP table with bottle service for ZEDD this NYE and the experience was exceptional. Our promoter was awesome and so helpful all evening. He even contacted us the following day to follow up about our visit. Our waitress and waitstaff were very personable and attentive. The security for the VIP section was amazing as well. The club was packed so we were escorted through the crowds to the restrooms throughout the night and to the door when we were ready to leave. The prices were a bit steep, though it was expected as it was New Year's Eve. The only somewhat annoying thing was that apparently coat check closed or filled up long before midnight, so every time my girlfriend and I left our men at the table alone, we returned to girls asking them if they could leave their coats and purses at the table lol. Smart girls ;) Anyway, the headliner was great, the countdown was awesome, and the party in general was such a blast. Our table was equipped with NYE top-hats, tiaras, noise makers, etc. They even gave giant color-changing foam glow sticks to just about everyone for the countdown. It was an unforgettable night! I'll definitely be returning to XS in the future and I highly recommend it!
5	I went to XS for new year eve and had a great time. The DJ was Zedd and I absolutely loved him. This club was so big and very crowded. The bartenders and security people were very friendly.
