2	I had not been to a Schlotzsky's for years and years. I went today and had "The Original". WHERE'S THE BEEF?! I mean, this sandwich was really light on the meat. Actually, it was light on everything, most notably, the meat. Truthfully, it was mostly bread. Though the bread was good. Not at all what i had to come to expect from schlotzskys! Big disappointment. My friend had the pastrami with Swiss cheese on rye bread. Her sandwich had a reasonable amount of meat. I think this place recently opened though it looks pretty old and rundown on the inside. Old worn chairs, tables, trash cans, etc. The place does not appear clean and neat. Unfortunately the restaurant has that crappy fast food look and feel. From the dining room you can see cleaning supplies, broom, mop, located next to/below drink dispenser. I'd go to another Schlotzsky's, but not this one.
2	I've been here a few times. I recall the previous visits were much better! Of the 2 medium sandwiches I had (Angus roast beef & cheese and Angus pastrami reuben) I liked the reuben better. There was no mozzerella cheese on the roast beef as listed on the menu, and the beef wasn't very tasty. I like their weird muffaletta bread, or whatever it is, but the meat should be the STAR of the sandwich! A few tweaks to their ingredients, and they could have yummy sandwiches.
1	I came here last week for a sandwich promotion they were having and I had such a horrible experience here that I will never ever come back or offer this place my recommendation or support although I live across the street.The staff was beyond rude and the way I was treated was absolutely unacceptable. I would call the manager and let him know, but I'm pretty sure it was the manager who deserves the brunt of this review for his extreme disrespect. When I walked in I mentioned that I was there for the special. I meant it more as a polite statement than a question. The woman at the counter got a huge attitude with me and made me feel really inferior pointing out that there were flyers all over the restaurant so of course they were having the special. Whatever, I could get past that. I waited for my sandwich and picked it up from a guy with braces behind the counter who looked like an ex-con. Awesome! I sat down on the other side of a wall to avoid his glare and eat in peace. Some regulars walked in and an older man came out to speak with them. They couldn't see me but I heard everything they said. He proceeded to tell them about some idiot girl who walked in asking if the special was today because she was too stupid to see all the signs. I almost spit out my sandwich in disgust and I felt really nauseous so I left immediately. This terrible experience totally killed the great mood I was in that morning. I will ever come back to this place to be treated like a second class citizen for absolutely no reason. Maybe they should get rid of the huge wall that separates the tables from the counter if they are going to talk trash about their customers.Oh right! So you want to know about the actual food I came here for. I ordered the original. It was a greasy, squashed grilled cheese, more or less, with what seemed like a single slice of questionable deli meat on it. It was nowhere near the regular price of +$5 because it wasn't even worth the special price of $2.Disgusting. Awful. Terrible. I have worse words for them that I won't include. Don't go.
1	Why did I even leave a review lol. I should have just checked yelp. You guys clearly suck and I'm not the only one saying it. Absolute terrible service!!! Great sandwiches, just not at this location. I waited at the counter for over 10mins with no one in there being served and the girl with red hair finally came out but she looked right at me, walked by me and completely  ignored me. When I said hello! Do you not greet customers and serve them here? She continued to pour her lemonade, looked me right in my face and said NO. I couldn't believe it so I turned to walk out and she yelled wait, have you been helped yet? I said no and I don't want our help and walked out. They are in need of some big time re staffing! Screw that place. They'll never get my money again.
2	Visited here for our first time and was disappointed. Had seen an ad in a magazine and looked on the internet to check it out. I really expected much much more. Sandwiches were just OK. In my opinion, nothing to brag about. What really turned us off was the filth in this place. EVERY table was sticky and had crumbs etc all over them. The floor needed some serious attention, as did the trash receptacle. It was not busy and there was sufficient help to tidy up. It's a shame because I think theycould make a "go" of it.
5	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews. I've been coming here for 8 years and every time I have excellent food as well as great customer service. The owner Dennis is always friendly. The bread is delicious. My favorites are the fiesta chicken and bbq chicken pizza. Try it yourself!
3	YUM. This sandwich shop is delicious. It could use a bit of cleaning up or even remodeling but always a great experience! Today during the drive-through, the guy was so nice to me and even offered me a cool beverage while I waited for my sandwiches to be prepared. THANK YOU NICE GUY at the window! We enjoyed our meal today. PS. Please tell the owner to renovate your sandwich shop. Lol
2	I'm from Texas so obviously I have eaten at schlotzsky's a million times. I must admit this one stinks. Literally, smells like dirty mop water and the other reviews are current, it's always filthy. The food is about the same but nothing to brag about. Too bad. It's a good chain from Austin this one just sux.
5	I saw several bad reviews but we always like the food. I have never been inside because my wife and i always go threw the drive thru.  The owner is always there and works the window. He is very friendly and i like the idea of duing business with a small business owner. I recommend stopping by for lunch this Christmas season while your out shopping and do business with the small guy.
4	I have been here many times (always through the drive-through), and I have never been disappointed with the food. The Original is my favorite, because it has a very unique flavor. The bread is warm & slightly toasted, and every bite is full of flavor. Schlotzsky's offers an alternative to traditional fast-food. It feels more home-cooked than cookie cutter fast-food. It is definitely comfort food in my opinion. Fall and Winter are the perfect time for Schlotzskys.
