5	Awesome! Very recommended if you love to play badminton. Only 3 Courts, but they are very high quality. Courts are well spaced, with high side court lighting, professional mats, 30+feet ceilings, and professional nets.All Day PassBefore 4pm $3After 4pm     $5High concentration of quality players. For such a small gym I remember 4-5 competitive internationally trained players. A coach is easy to find. Most all other players are intermediate level or above. So if your a beginner either bring friends your level or ask for a coach. Regular players play mostly at night after work, with few exceptions for lunch break time play. So training would be good between 2-5:30. Use Facebook to ask for players in advance if you don't come during the evenings.Friendly people. Players rotate players after each set, so wait time is minimized when the courts are all taken.They also have a nice break room with couches, tv and ps3.
5	People here are great and willing to teach everyone!!!
5	I found out about this place through friends.  Frankly I don't like gambling, but I love the buffets.  Now with this club I can just go play my heart out then go eat good food!! Yay!  The staff are friendly and the coaches are real pros with scary smashes.  The ceiling is high enough for even the pros to do high clears!  They recently added tournament quality mats too!  If I'm waiting I can chill in the break room and play with their PS3.  I love this place ha ha!
5	LVBC is a great place to play if you're looking for some exercise. I'm from out of town and was able to easily find a group of people to play with. The front desk girl, Joanne, was really kind and accommodating. The courts are well lit and made out of good material. The two times I dropped the courts were pretty packed, you only get to play one game to 21 and you'd have to rotate. LVBC only has three courts but all of them are in good condition and well kept. The yelp site is kind of vague about their hours. Since they don't have a website I found a bunch of additional information about their club on their facebook page. Just type in "LVBC - Las Vegas Badminton Club ' in the search area to find it. One thing that really impressed me was that  they told me that they close at 11pm. The owner was there and let us play till 12:30 on both the days I dropped in which was very nice of him.Some things to take into account before visiting:-They only take cash-No locker room-They sell drinks but bring extra water-It's easy to get lost when looking for the club The people who play and work here are very friendly, I definitely will come back and visit when I'm in the area
4	Our club went here for friendship games against the Las Vegas Badminton Club. Doesn't matter who won but players here are really nice. Larger gym is in the works. Kudos to the owner for promoting and loving the sport.
5	Just recently moved to Vegas and was looking for some good exercise. A friend told me about this gym and introduced me to some of the local players. Turned out all the reviews below are true. Staff - friendly, accommodating, and experts in the sportPlayers - good range of experience level. Most are well trained but new-comers seem to always be welcomed (like myself)Courts - only 3 courts but turn-around time to play isn't long since everyone rotates off after one game (of 21 points). Professional green badminton flooring with adequate cushioning, not harsh on the joints.Gym facilities - it is like a sauna. Hot but it adds to the exercise! AC isn't on in the court areas since it would affect the gamesLounge area - AC'd area to relax or watch sports, news, or play games while waitingLocation - as always in industrialized and confusing areas. But where else can you find tall enough ceilings?Hours - they normally train on the weekdays from 5-7pm. But hours can be seen on their facebook page. Usually open until 11pm.Overall, an awesome place for badminton. I am coming back.
5	Only place in Vegas to play badminton with high quality courts..easy to find friendly people to play with (beginners-intermediate- pro). They have a small store inside where you can buy badminton stuff like yonex rackets, shuttlecocks, and yonex shoes. They offer stringing services too!!!   Henry, the owner, is very accomodating. He always lets us play till after closing hours. :)I suggest you to come Mondays-Wednesdays. They have less people playing during those days. Also Saturdays. Though, during Saturdays, they're only open 12noon-5/6pm. Other days are often packed.
1	Closed? I went over here hoping to play badminton but it was closed. Hoping to find out if you have moved somewhere else.
5	So I tried to change the address on yelp but it couldn't get verified... so I guess I'll say it on here:3655 W. Sunset Road Ste. D(Next to the big DHL sign)I circled around for 30min looking for the location it says on the yelp site but saw that it was closed lol.Anyways, on to the good stuff!! Guy at front desk was very nice. A group of my friends and I came on a Saturday evening and the price was $5/person. I think the price is higher if you come before 5pm. You can bring your own badminton racquets or you can just rent them for free. There are boxes of birdies for you to smack at all over the courts so no need to bring your own. There are 8 courts total overall and also plenty of seating. When we went, there were barely any people but I think all the pros come in at around 7pm and they tend to take up most of the courts. Overall, great place to get a good work out or even to join the club!
5	SE corner of sunset and valley view .. On sunset (for those who go on valley view) next to bright yellow & red DHL sign. Best badminton club in town. Used to be up the street, in a smaller building with 3 courts. Now newly expanded to a newer location, with 8 courts, changing rooms, and a lounge area ! AND best of all, price didnt change ! $5 all day playBright and high ceilings. If you dont have a racket, u can rent one by giving them your drivers license i believe. If you become addicted, they have a small variety of rackets you can purchase as well. Along with stringing services (with a fee of course)Its not bad to play during this time of year (winter). Wonder how it will be during the summer. It was pretty hot in the old location because a/c units would blow air and disturb the path of the birdy.
5	This place is huge! Much bigger than their previous location.  Note - it's located on 3655 w sunset next to the big DHL.  For 5 bucks you can play all day err day and there's 8 courts. We went around 5 on a thurs night and only 3 courts were taken.  The skill range varies.  It's definitely a step up from my junior high gym class where I was two time reigning doubles champion :8.   Sorry brag.  But there are serious competitive players in training, beginners, and those in between.If you come here often you can get a monthly pass for 25 bucks- I may just take adv of this deal.  Drinks are cheap too - 1.50 for a Gatorade if u forget to bring a drank. Def the best badminton spot in Vegas!
5	It's right next to the DHL store on Sunset & Valley View - there's no sign for LVBC but you can you're there with a bunch of cars parked out front. =PNot sure if this is the only Badminton club in town but it's so far been the best one I've been to. I usually go with a bunch of friends but everyone that goes there are pretty friendly and you can get random games going on! There are eight courts and depending on the time and day sometimes you'll have to wait for an open court but usually you'll be able to jump right in. The price is really cheap, $5 per day all day or $40 per month with unlimited entry. They also sell Badminton gear if you're looking to buy anything, they'll have it. Also, you can rent a racket for free - they'll just need a picture ID to hold onto. They also have lessons and what not if you're in need of those or want to get your kids into it! Overall great facility and great people!
