5	These guys always seem to have what I need and typically the right knowledge to help me out. Too bad there aren't more locations, but they are more geared towards industry as opposed to the DIY'er.
5	This place is badass!  I've lived in Vegas for almost 10 years.  I can't believe I've survived that long without going here.  Unless you're looking for appliances or a hose, Lowe's and Home Depot are the worst!!!  I can't count how many times I've tried to find some sort of fitting to connect two different pipes or pieces of tubing, gone to both of those crap stores and then walked out because they just don't have what I need.  At best I buy four different parts and cobble them together only to get home and find out that someone else stuck some other part in the package, go back to the store and find that the part I thought I was buying is out of stock.  Cool.  Wow, I didn't realize I had that bottled up for so long, this is less of a McFadden-Dale's review and more of a rant about how bad the box stores suck!Back to McFadden's.  They really do have almost every single thing you could think of and none of the junk you don't need, i.e. if you want BBQ sauce don't go to McFadden-Dales, go to Lowe's.  Need a 1" jam nut and a size 235 oring?  Go to McFadden-Dales!Screw football on Sunday, grab a sixer and hit up McFadden-Dales for some real man entertainment!
4	This place is wonderful and has EVERYTHING you could ever need. Staff is super knowledgeable and helpful. They have the hard to find items and can quickly show you where it's located. Just ask.
4	True hardware store. They have everything. Go here before throwing anything out, you can probably find what you need to fix it. Also, go here BEFORE a project, because you'll find things to simplify the job. Staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. One star short because they don't put prices on most items. Fine if you're buying on a company acct and don't care what things cost. But for me doing personal projects, I have to know what I'm spending. Plus, in a place like this, I may buy things I don't even need yet if the price is right. But you have to chase down a salesman with an available computer to find out.
5	"Where the Boys Are...."Man store.For men.Testosterone check at the door. You fail, you leave.Best hardware selection in the city. Makes me laugh at Home Depot and Lowe's.Walked in here last week. Had a bolt, washer and nut I needed to replace. Showed it to the guy at the counter. He took one look at it and said, " 8 millimeter, 8.8, aisle 16 , 3rd shelf from the top."Wow.Found it right where he said and it matched up perfectly. Browsed around and saw all kinds of tools and assorted hardware.I love this store.You will too.If you have testosterone.
5	If they don't have it. You don't need it. The BEST service from guys who actually know how things work.  Forget the pathetic "hardware" aisle at HD. THIS IS A WHOLE STORE OF HARDWARE.   Give these guys your business !
5	This place has every nut , bolt and screw you will ever need! staff is helpful and attentive!!!
4	Row after row from floor to ceiling of anything your heart could desire in regards to hardware.  The store was near and organized. I did notice that most of the employees stayed behind the counter even when we asked where certain items were- they just gave us the row # and let us hunt down the items on our own.   Other than that, a superstore that's for sure!
5	I had a bolt for the stem on my bike that got bent.,  Tried all the big box stores, no one had anything close.  Guy at Homie the Depot sent me here and they had what I needed.  I will echo other reviewers that the staff is not service focused, but I found them to be helpful once I got someone's attention.If you need something, and no one else can help, and if you can find them, call the A Team at Mcfadden-Dale or better yet just go there.
1	Saturday hours 9am opening. Sat outside for 25minutes past 9am i was not alone there was about 10 other people. We all left because no body showed to open store! Second time I came to this location. First time had horrible customer service. Was yelled at for coming in the store a hour and half before closing. Will not recommend this place to anyone!  Ace hardware is the place i will be going until i find a better hardware location
5	This place it great! They carry items that most places don't and if you need one nut or bolt, they usually have it. They also carry household items, which is very convenient and the items are good products. I enjoy coming here, because I know I can get help. The employees are very knowledgeable. If they don't carry the item, they can usually recommend a place to check for the item. They are a small business and aren't open on Sundays, but are on Saturdays and some holidays are observed, in that case, they may not be open on a Saturday. I believe the Saturday on the comment before they were closed, because of the Holiday and I was in the week before and noticed the sign on the door, so not sure why he thought the store would be open. Anyway this place it great and I will return for my Hardware needs.
5	This place it great! They carry items that most places don't and if you need one nut or bolt, they usually have it. They also carry household items, which is very convenient and the items are good products. I enjoy coming here, because I know I can get help. The employees are very knowledgeable. If they don't carry the item, they can usually recommend a place to check for the item. They are a small business and aren't open on Sundays, but are on Saturdays and some holidays are observed, in that case, they may not be open on a Saturday. I believe the Saturday on the comment before they were closed, because of the Holiday and I was in the week before and noticed the sign on the door, so not sure why he thought the store would be open. Anyway this place it great and I will return for my Hardware needs.
1	I went in there this past thursday. 4 stars to this place for always having what you want. I'm subtracting 3 stars because of one of their shtty workers. He checked me out on terminal 592 at 1:48 on 7/10/2014 (this info is for the manager of the store in the event that he'd/she'd like to check on which worker I'm referring to). I had a screw driver, some screws, and a roll of gaffing tape. After he gave me the total, I decided I didn't want to pay the $26 for the tape roll. He gave me the biggest sigh and said "are you kidding me? god damn it. jesus." I honestly could not believe this guy. Whoops! My bad. Is voiding out a line item the end of your world? What a complete mother effer. Side note... I wonder what the limit of profanity on yelp is...Anyways, that's all. If I didn't have such an awesome ahead of me at the time, the experience would have surely put a damper on my mood. This guy needs to be fired. Seriously. 1 star.
5	Went there yesterday for some graffer's tape.  Only place in town I can find it.  Tape is a little pricey, but its 1000 times better then duct tape.  Plus its a huge roll.  Staff was helpful, and shop was well organized.  Plus when you check out, they didn't ask if I wanted to buy the "special deal item of the day" like at other hardware or automotive shops.  They usually help with my questions for projects as well.  Thank you.
5	Best hardware store in Vegas , possibly ever! Staff is awesome and knowledge.  Blows my mind how much stuff you don't even know you need that they have. Only place I ever go.
4	Wow - arcane bolts and nuts, pulleys, and piano hinges that would make a lowes cringe - yeah we got those.Man store is correct, this place has whatever you can think over crammed in ceiling to floor aisle after aisle.  Little bit confusing on pricing - not marked on a lot of items.While quite a distance drive for me, I make it a point to swing by here often (plus the breakfast/lunch restaurant next door is good).
