5	I have been a resident here since 2007, after having a expensive and horrid mistake with the Las Palmas apartments on the eastside.  I very much enjoy living in this complex...my neighbours are nice, they recently renovated, the maintenance comes in a timely fashion, the leasing office calls and makes sure you are satisfied with whatever maintenance issues have occured, the units are clean and relatively pest free (unlike the Las Palmas, which has a cockaroach problem to this day!) I have never really had a complaint, other than some persons parking in my stall or leaving beer bottles, cans or fast food containers around my parking stall. Which I don't blame my management for, but the inconsiderate indviduals who could just about be anyone.  Also, might i add, that they are considerate when you have pets...if maintenance or the exterminators might have to come in.
1	Lived here for a year and didn't even think about signing again. 1. Never saw the same person in the office twice -- every staff member was cold and unfriendly. Was always me with shifty eye contact and oddly over professional and cold behavior. 2. Very overpriced. Renovations were performed VERY shotty. the "granite" countertops are merely sitting atop laminate. The one on my bathroom fell on my toilet and broke it. They made me pay $200 to replace it, since I hadn't "reported the counter to maintenance."3. I had an incident in the Spring where someone threw a glass ash try at my friend (from a 2nd floor balcony) while we were in the hot tub. He had to get stitches. The next morning, I was called and told I'd be evicted for being involved in the incident. It turned out the inexperienced part-timer jumped the gun -- but that didn't spare me from seriously stressing about it. The property manager ended up apologizing and saying she'd follow up with me... but never did. That was nearly six months ago. The residents who injured my friend were not evicted. 4. When I signed the lease I was told they'd be renovating the Fitness Center (one elliptical, one treadmill and some weights). They never did. But they completely redid the leasing office (over the top with marble, etc).5. I partly chose the area because they only allowed small dogs. Without letting residents know, they began allowing pit bulls and other very large dogs. Also, there is a serious stray cat problem.
1	I Would never recommend this place to my worst enemy! Management & staff are very rude & unprofessionalThey protect their friends living here not the rest! I felt discriminated against & was told I could leave & agree wouldn't make me pay for the lease breakage she basically told me to get out because I reported noise even tho the lease says that we shouldn't be noisy!  Etc worst experience I've had ever!!!!
