3	This is a smaller DQ and I believe the menu is smaller as well. I can recall the last DQ I went to had a variety of food as well. This one only had hot dogs. But we were there for the ice cream so it didn't bother us. I've never been super impressed with DQ. They only have soft serve and only have chocolate and vanilla. They will make other flavors for you but they have to mix it in so you can only get it in a cup.
1	This is my first 1 star rating!  :(   I figured I would give this DQ/Orange Julius (both inside this location) near my work a shot. DQ in general must be the most overpriced place to go for fast-food considering the quality and quantity you receive (aside from the blizzards).  Jennifer T. is right about the fact that this specific location has a limited meal selection...I was hoping for a burger and ended up with a sandwich the size of the palm of my hand. To top it off I was charged for a large Orange Julius fruit Smoothy instead of a medium, and there was hardly any fruit in it, so it tasted like the syrupy orange sorbet base and not berries.  Although, I should note the server was friendly and the place was very clean. Unfortunately, I came for food and not the ambiance.  The highlight was the piece of bacon on my meager club sandwich.  I got a crappy smoothy and a tiny sandwich for ten dollars; I will not be back here ever.
3	DQ was my treat since I accompanied my wife at the nearby Dollar Tree store. The store was busy tonite. It took the employees awhile to acknowledge us and ring up the banana split with nuts. We were charged extra for nuts but didn't get them until we notified the workers behind the counter. They forgot the strawberries too. I'm not going to lose any sleep over the missing strawberries. My wife and I split the banana split, which was delicious. What's with those mini spoons? I felt like Gulliver eating from a spoon that was meant for one of those tiny Lilliputians.
2	THIS DQ is over-the -top, with their pricing.I will never return to this location.Hey, if you're craving a soft serve ..... go to the McDonalds, accross the street.McD is a bargain, compared to this DQ.
3	I was craving a Blizzard sooooo bad and decided to feed my craving. They definitely always get my order right and they are quick and friendly. My only (2) complaint is that their menu is a bit small. I was kinda craving the chicken strip basket and they don't have that. I didn't know if its because its also an Orange Julius...?  Also, they don't have a drive thru. With that being said, I will return again if I'm craving my Blizzard.
5	The owners of this DQ are awesome and give excellent service!
1	Went here for an Orange Julius. It was $3.50 for a medium and it didn't have any ice in it. It wasn't cold at all and definitely wasn't worth the money.
4	I like the fact they are open late. I think the hours are incorrect on the page as they are open until 10:45p most nights. It is a smaller location, true. The only food on the menu is hot dogs, oddly enough.
1	I hate the fact I have to give this place one star.  It deserves negative five.  First off I went there to grab lunch and I ordered my food. When they gave it to me it smelled really funny and the cheese wasn't the same kind so I asked the girl behind the counter what kinda cheese is this it smells kinda funky she shrugged said she didn't know then walked off.  I waited and noticed just how dirty and unclean the place was.   The health inspector needs a surprise visit.  I have up.  I walked away from that place leavening my food and paying seven dollars. For nothing.  I called the manager twice and left messages but no response.   No wonder the place is a shut whole.  The D. Q. Where I'm from spoiled me I guess.
