4	I wouldn't normally consider Quizno's to be comfort food, but there's something comforting about having a sandwich here before boarding my flight home to Atlanta.  There are lots of other options for food on this concourse and I always bypass them all for a sub.It's unfortunate that you pay a premium for eating in the airport.  A regular combo costs more than $10. Sometimes I guess it's worth it, though. Especially when it makes you feel sooo good inside.
4	This place is great for a quick meal before boarding to leave Vegas.  They have a tuna sub, which I appreciated since I don't eat meat, only seafood.  Service was quick, they got my order right.  Downgrade one star is for inflated airport prices.  Highly recommend.
1	This was a Quizno's @ the McCarren International airport in Las Vegas. Extremely nasty place...I could not even eat half of my sandwich. Everything was falling out of it. Also, they didn't have everything on the menu that Quiznos usually has to offer. Waste of money and stomach space for food!!!!
2	As of Feb 2014, all prices at this airport location have gone up by at least 30% across the board. $11 for a dinky 7.5 inch Quiznos sub? No thanks. Very disappointing!I used to always grab a chili and a sandwich from here for non meal service flights, but I refuse to support the new price gouging going on here. There's even a new handwritten sign above the soda fountain that reads "Refills are 85 cents". Come on, man!
2	My husband arrived at the D gates of Terminal 1 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas with not much time prior to boarding and STARV-ING. There is a serious lack of decent food options that are quick at this terminal. One pizza place, a place to by box sandwiches, chili's too with a 40 minute wait and Quizno's. We avoid fast food like a plague for its general low quality, high fat/calorie counts and poor nutrition. We figured a sandwich would be better than pizza, I mean how can you mess up such a simple thing as a sandwich? Ha...ha!Now I will say this, my husband ordered some sort of cold cut variety on whole wheat that had a lot of ranch dressing on it and he said it tasted pretty good. He was so hungry I think he downed it in 4 bites. I tried to go a healthier route with their veggie guacamole and had it grilled, or was that toasted - I'm not sure - on parmesan bread. Here's my review:Service: friendly and quick. No complaints here.Food: Ugh. My bread was spongy, tasteless, really gross. The veggies on this veggie sandwich were black olives, TONS of diced purple onions, mushrooms and shredded iceberg lettuce. Does that sound like a veggie sandwich to you?? Does that even come close to sounding appetizing?? Where are the peppers, spinach, tomatoes?? Two layers of cheese, swiss and cheddar with a little squirt of what I think was Italian dressing and barely detectable guacamole all mushed into the lettuce. It just had no taste. A pile of tasteless unappetizing vegetables on spongy, tasteless bread. Odd thing is the sandwich looked great but did not match the flavor. I ate less than a quarter of it just to tame down the hunger pangs and the rest went in the garbage.Two stars is for the quick friendly service, I would give zero for the food if I could. Believe me, I am one on yelp who consistently gives the benefit of the doubt to places but I advise you to go elsewhere for food.
