1	I got a groupon for this place and I really should think about groupons more in depth before I purchase.I went over this past Saturday to get an oil change. It looked like no one was working. I went inside to see a mechanic laying on the couch and another behind the computer. I asked him if there was a long wait for an oil change and the guy behind the counter said "yes" like he was very irritated. So I said okay, and got the F out of dodge. That place creeped me out and I really did not want to go back. Luckily, groupon gave me a credit for this purchase. I'm going back to Jiffy Lube!!!!
3	The guy there was nice and helpful, and they had a couch and a tv in their waiting room. It probably won't go back simply because it took an hour to do a smog check and an oil change. But, the service was ok, and they honored the deal being offered by yelp.
1	DONT BUY THIER GROUPON. I purchased a groupon for this shop. Nowhere on the groupon does it state that an appointment needs to be made. Upon arriving the person that "walked in" asked what I needed and I told him. He then told me an appointment needs to be made. I immediately contacted groupon to be refunded. It's sad because I have a few other vehicles that need services from brakes to smog checks and this place is close to my house. Oh we'll, guess it's worth the drive to a shop that wants my business.
1	This place is a  F N  joke !!! I took my car to the Henderson shop  to get a oil change and  on my car there is a plastic cover on the bottom that you have to take off to get to the oil filter . The lazy mechanic took it of and never put it back . And i just changed my air filter and they tell me it needs to be replaced WTF . They say they put A synthetic blend oil Yeah right .DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR THERE !!!!     I should have known I will never again take my car to this losers !!! If you want a good place to take your car in Henderson go to SUNSET AUTO they are real Professionals there .that's what I get for trying to save money on a oil change .     So I call  the  the Corporate office and they tell me that they would send me something but since i to anxious  to hate what ever that means that they don't care and they tell me go somewhere else . UNBELIEVABLE  . They also said they do make mistakes sure but they could have called me after they realize that the cover was still at the shop but did not so that tells me it was no mistake .     I'm so pissed about this that I'm going to tell at lest 200 people about this in person since that is how much $$$ It cost me to replace the missing cover .
1	This place is possibly the worst Auto shop in the world and definitely the worst in Henderson!!!! WARNING This Shop Will TAKE You On Bad Ride..I'D give them - 10 stars if this site would let me. They feed on people that don't look like they no anything about cars. LAZY LAZY LAZY workers.On top of that I come back from next door and the workers was watching porn .
