4	This place hosts a fine selection of movies. It's on a great bus line and it's surrounded by cheap places to eat and otherwise waste time (but not necessarily money) before the film starts. The matinee crowds are great too. And if the titles or times don't work for you, there's always the Squirrel Hill Theatre right nearby, which turns Murray Ave into a kind of old fashioned 11-plex. I miss the Manor Theatre, and I honestly don't think I expected to - the place is a little dingy and the projection isn't always flawless. But in my new neighborhood I can't walk to see *I'm Not There* and I'm sad.
3	This place is a good theatre to see films that are a little out of the mainstream.  It loses a star for not having the best decor in the world, but don't let that deter you.  I like coming here because the place is well-run and the crowd is above average.  The crowd is there to see a movie, not text-message thier friends!Oh, and it's practically around the corner from me, so I love it that I can walk here.
4	I had a "Girls Night Out" last night with some friends (Ie.  The Manor Theatre, then coffee at the 61C, then home by 11pm)!  We went here to see "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh."  The movie was kind of "eh".  While it wasn't bad, it just didn't seem to go anywhere and it was a little flat.But I still love the Manor theatre for the selections of films it shows.  That, and it's right in the neighborhood.
4	My husband and I decided to hang out Sunday afternoon in the neighborhood.  So we hit Eat-n-Park, then head over to the Manor to catch a matinee.There's not much more I can say about this theatre than I already have.  It still can be a bit dingy, but the films they get here are what sets it (and the nearby Squirrel Hill Theatre) apart from the others.  We went to see "The Last Station", which is about the last year in the life of socialist writer Leo Tolstoy.  The film was fantastic and not the usual fare which you would find at the local multiplex.  Kudos to the Manor and Squirrel Hill for showing a good mix of films.
4	Great little theater. Only been there a couple times and have always enjoyed myself, mostly because its never crowded.My favorite experience is when we went to see inglorious basterds. there were a lot of older Jewish couples in the theater and when Hitler got his face shot into swiss cheese they all started laughing and cheering. I thought it was cute.
4	With the closure of the nearby Squirrel Hill Theatre, the Manor has become one of the few remaining neighborhood cinemas in Pittsburgh and about the only one showing a mix of mainstream movies and indie flicks. The nearby Regent Square, which I also like, shows art & indie and foreign flicks too, but they don't show mainstream releases. My mom and I come here quite a lot. Whereas my dad and I bond over music, sports and bad jokes, mom and I enjoy books, museums, & cinema. Notice I said "cinema" and not "movies"! Now my girlfriends and I like action flix, but that's another story. Anyway, Mom and I went here last night to see "Beginners", a terrific story starring Ewan MacGregor, Melanie Laurent, and Christopher Plummer. Directed by Mike Mills, (no, not he of R.E.M. fame), the story is about how Oliver (MacGregor) meets the irreverent and unpredictable Anna (Laurent) only months after his father Hal (Plummer) has passed away. After 40+ years of marriage, Hal had come out as a gay man. The Manor Theatre won't win any architectural awards, especially on the inside.  It's an older theatre cut up into several auditoriums.  Still its Tudor exterior is charming.  But it's a good place to see a movie, and the atmosphere here is far more relaxed than at the local megaplex.
4	In the past ten years, I have absolutely pulled back from going to movie theaters unless there is something that I absolutely MUST see on a big screen as 'art' on film, primarily because of the atmosphere and general behavior of 'movie goers' versus 'film lovers'.I've gone to the Manor Theatre too many times to count in my lifetime, and have seen it in various states of management, decay, revival, etc.However, I've never seen it as fantastic as I did this afternoon! Just to get out of our houses and the heat (let the A/C be on someone else's dime this summer) we decided to have brunch, then catch a flick at the Manor.What I have always loved about the Manor is their inclusion of art films amongst their offerings.  And that they're IN a city neighborhood, with other things around that are not 'mall' related for doing before or after, which are immediately walkable.What I now love about the Manor is their apparent complete and total renovation and overhaul!  Yes, they are still a former movie house chopped up into four screening rooms, BUT...they have renovated their seating, carpeting, decor, sound system, they've added digital to the process, and the snack area how has a very quaint and attractive seating area that includes a FULL BAR!  The only sad thing is that they still have the same basic crap offerings from the 'snack' area (stale popcorn stored under the glow lamp bin with that awful oily goo to pour over top as 'butter' - the usual crappy candy and 'nachos' kind of stuff) at the same overinflated prices. If they REALLY want to finish off the amazing change, they should pull in some offerings from the oodles of local restaurants in the area. Heck, I'd pay $5 for a couple of awesome samosa from the Indian place down the street, or any variety of appetizers from the many other places.  All they need to do to 100% the place is ditch the Goobers and 'Golden Flavoring' and bring in some real snacks and food items.The seats in the theaters are like super comfortable Ferrari seats, and everything looks brand spanking new and clean. The sound is perfect, and the image is crystal clear and sharp.As they always have, they still have an excellent variety of films showing, which can include the latest blockbuster, or the latest obscure art film. And the added bonus is the fact that if you do go to see the art films, you're usually in the company of other art film lovers, who truly enjoy 'film' at its finest, and know how to behave in a public cinema. You do still have the occasional neighborhood nannas who talk, but you'll usually get that at the blockbuster, and not so much in the art films.We enjoyed ourselves so much at the first film, we decided to stay for another and make it a Sunday matinee double feature - and yes, we paid for both. $6.50 per person isn't so bad in this era. It made for a great afternoon, and it was awesome to be able to walk less than a block for brunch before, and ice cream afterwards.  It's also in the middle of a variety of bus lines, so you don't have to go through the issues WE have to go through to get there (Morningside has been abandoned by Steve Bland for anything but corporate cubicle hours).All in all - a great venue for truly enjoying a good film.  And they've regrouped and made it even better!
5	The Manor Theatre is not only one of my favorite places in the Burgh but also one of my favorite movie theaters in general. Having recently had a face-lift for its 90th birthday, I was pleasantly surprised by the new renovations. My Dad was eager to visit because he could order a beer (and drink it too!) while we watched a movie; however, I was more eager to see the newest Wes Anderson flick which was only showing in one other theater in the city. Even with the Manor's new decor, it has maintained its city neighborhood ambiance. For example, there were university students and older couples all enjoying the latest foreign film from France.The Manor has the reputation for being the "art house" theater of the city and this is because it doesn't cater to the movies you'll find at your typical megaplex. With the exception of a few blockbusters and "mainstream" releases (The Avengers for example), there is a fine selection of independent, arthouse, and foreign films that you won't find at AMC Loews. However, while I do appreciate the Manor's selection, this is Pittsburgh not New York City, so they're not going to have every film you want to see when you want to see it. Unfortunately, you may have to wait a couple of weeks or months to see the newest foreign flick, but at the same time, at least this theater gets these particular genres of film.Overall, I could not be happier with this theater. I'm so glad that Pittsburgh has the Manor. It's a great venue which every film lover should visit! *Also, matinee prices are great and seats are very comfortable too.
4	Probably the best movie theatre in Pittsburgh. I love that they have a full bar - I got a "Cool Hand Cuke" or something like that; it tasted a little watered down but I cannot say I've had a better drink anywhere else in Squirrel Hill. The seating is super comfortable and the arm rests can be lifted for cuddling. Although I would not have traded my popcorn for anything, it might be a good idea for them to offer some gourmet non-traditional snacks, but not necessary. There are plenty of dining options around to hit up before or after your movie and the existence of those and a movie theatre should remain symbiotic. Limited, but selective film runs tend to cater to the borderline mainstream crowd and aspiring intellectuals.
4	Update: They have updated their snack bar offerings to include Tuscan meatballs, Potstickers, and a handful of other a-typical movie theater fare - they just keep getting better!
4	New to Pittsburgh and the first thing I had to do was scope out all the theaters!  This weekend was a visit to the Manor!  So let's start:Location: Lovely Squirrel Hill and it just fits in perfectly with the charming neighborhood and wide variety of dining options from across the world.Ambiance: Loved the classic look and feel of the venue.  Walking in, I could just imagine this place being used decades ago as the premiere spot in Pittsburgh for movie premieres with the long red carpet rolled out.Food: Largest menu I've ever seen at a theater!  Not only was the variety outstanding, but their popcorn might be the cheapest in town!  Didn't have a chance to try out the food, but looking forward to making it a meal next time!Drinks: Alcohol... and plenty (along with daily specials!).  Automatic win in my books.Screening Rooms:  Here's where the great and bad come into play.  I was ecstatic to see digital projection in room #4.  The image was super crisp from the get-go and the colours were vibrant (unlike the case at many other theatres).  The digital projection greatly enhanced the experience. The seats were also super comfy and reclined just perfectly!  The bad?  I have to admit I love Stadium Seating.  I was lucky in that the place wasn't crowded, but your view is automatically blocked (if only just a little) the second someone sits in front of you.I love this place and can't wait to go back for their amazing selection of hard-to-find film and great movie-going experience!
5	On a rainy Saturday afternoon, what's better than seeing a movie?  I had seen this place and cataloged it away as being worth checking out.  With this wacky summer rain, I decided today would be the perfect day to do so.  Art-house theaters can be really great, or a little bit rough in my experience.  This place was beautiful.  It seems like it was newly renovated.  The facilities were clean, the chairs were super comfortable, and the staff was warm and personable.  Also- they sell adult beverages that are reasonably priced.  They even have daily specials (today's was a Pabst for 2.50)!I almost don't want the rain to stop so I can have another excuse to check out that new Woody Allen at the Manor!
5	I really enjoyed the comfort and the quiet of the movie.  Not too crowded.  I love it
4	This is an awesome old building that has recently been restored. They have a full bar. The cheesecake is awesome! The seats are very comfortable.
5	favorite spot to relax.
5	I'm not originally from Pittsburgh so I didn't see what the Manor was like before the renovation but all I know now is that it's my favorite place to see a movie. The location is much safer than the Waterfront, the tickets are affordable and so is the food! The staff is really friendly and one of the major points for me is the quality of the movies, the picture quality is amazing as is the sound. I will always avoid going to big box movie theaters unless I have to.
5	Why drive all the way to the Waterfront, when there's a super cute movie theater right here in Squirrel Hill?The Manor is lovely all around. Recently remodeled, they've got a cozy interior, including a full bar (and you can take your booze into the theater with you to see your movie). While they've only got four screens, the Manor offers a chance to see the more 'indie' films that a blockbuster house like Loew's isn't interested in showing.The theaters are smaller than the big-name chain places, but it makes for a more intimate setting. The seats are comfy, the picture quality is great, and the sound is excellent also.The Manor runs special late-night showings as well now, like a string of old Hitchcock films, horror movies in October, and former Oscar winners. They also run deals on after-movie dinners (presently, your ticket stub gets you 15% off at BRGR same-day). And of course, there's the charm of our talented local gypsy violinist, who chooses the entryway to the Manor as her stage many warm nights.I absolutely love this place, and I'm so glad to see it flourishing in our neighborhood!
5	Best movie theatre in Pittsburgh!
5	BEST theater in Pittsburgh, hands down - go for a movie, a snack, and a cocktail. The recent "facelift" brought the Manor back to its glory; and, the new theater seats are super comfy. I would *much* rather spend my money here than at a chain theater!
5	Very friendly local theater. Came in about 10 minutes late for a showing and they let me into the theater without having to pay for the ticket. That kind of friendly treatment creates long time customers- my first choice for a movie theater in Pittsburgh.
5	When I discovered the updated Manor the need to travel to Waterfront fell to the wayside.  They have a friendly staff, a BAR, and comfy seats.
5	My go to theater!  If they have what I want to see I got here. Recently updated and I really love this place now.I saw Iron Man 3 here and it was great.
5	This theater is a gem. Truly. It is much nicer than how it appears on the outside and one of the few movie theater that services alcohol. Most importantly, though, is that they actually play lesser-known movies at reasonable prices. Support this local business!
5	This is my favorite theatre in town. Hands down. The bar has good prices, you can bring drinks into the movie, and the barkeep makes a mean martini. They only get four movies at a time but they choose wisely. This place is going to become a regular thing for us.
5	I love you, Manor Theatre! You're so sweet and great.I love that this theatre has a tiny, weird, bar. I would probably not get a drink here unless I really didn't have any other options before seeing a movie, but I really just enjoy that the option is available. Popcorn is always good (can't really mess that up). But really, what brings me to write this review is a couple things:-This place shows more indie films. This makes me happy.-The staff is so friendly. My gift card my boss gave me for Christmas didn't work when I got to the theatre. I was a little distraught about it because there was supposed to be $25 on it. I told them I had never used it, got it for Christmas, and the amount that it was supposed to have. The guy said the magnetic strip probably deactivated. "No problem," he said, "go into the movie, and when you come out look for _____, and he will get you a new card." So I finished my movie (What Maisie Knew--great film), and I came out to find that guy. Welp, he gave me a brand new $25 gift card! So nice! I am now a loyal customer...if a movie is playing here and another theatre, I will always choose this theatre over the other one.So, thank you, Manor Theatre for always providing a pleasant evening or afternoon when I go!
5	There's absolutely nothing bad that I can say about this theater--it's a gem.  The Manor offers a good selection of indie flicks, but there's usually a new/popular release playing as well.  It's got old school charm with a new(ish) full bar.  The seats are comfortable and there's a student discount.
5	Great service. Intimate atmosphere. Comfy seats. Unique food & drink options. Recently Updated. Oh and there's a classy bar with couches for when you're waiting to head into your movie.  This week I went to the Manor for the first time. I'm thankful it's the holiday season and there are so many good movies releasing...more reasons to go back to the Manor.
5	What a gem! I try to come here as much as possible if I'm going to see a movie. I can honestly go on and on about how much I love the Manor. First of all, it's so elegant inside but not too showy. They have a nice small bar, a comfy lounge area and beautiful interiors. The theaters itself aren't humungous or have stadium seating like Lowes, but it makes the experience so much more personal. The chairs are also amazing. You have so much room to move around and they're extremely comfy. No random gum stuck on the cupholder or ripped cushions. At night, I paid around $9 for a ticket which is the same for any theater that shows new releases (it's actually $10 at Lowes!) Plus, the crowds are much more respectful. Only thing is only HUGE blockbuster movies are shown here. They only have four screens show one HUGE blockbuster, one critically acclaimed film and two foreign. This is a must go!
4	This place always has great and unique movies.  What I love the most is the sound system they have in this place.  AWESOME!
2	Tough to ignore the absolutely wretched sound insulation, particularly if you are unlucky enough to be in the theater immediately adjacent to the lobby. The sound bleeds in profusely. This is particularly annoying because many times you go to the Manor for small, quiet films that demand a quiet background. Instead, you hear snatches of conversation from people waiting outside. The theater is cleaner than it used to be, and I can get by the small screens and the price gouging at the bar, but the sound disturbance issue is a real show stopper. Unfortunately, the Manor really does get a lot of good movies you can't see at other venues in Pittsburgh, so at times you don't have any choice but to go there unless you want to wait for Netflix, DVD etc. Pity when they renovated they couldn't have put some more money into the sound insulation.
4	I love going to the Manor Theatre. I love that it's walking distance from my house and that there are so many options for pre and post show fun! The lobby is super cute and has a few little couches and tables to sit at while waiting for your movie to start. They offer your standard movie snacks and such at their concession stand, but the real gem of their lobby is the bar. They offer delightful drinks that you can take with you into any of their theaters. It's small, with only  about six places to sit, but the tables and couches in the lobby more than make up for it. The bartenders (and the rest of the staff) are always very nice and willing to chat if you want to. The movies that they play are a little less mainstream, they play a lot of indie movies and other movies that may not make it to other movies theaters in the city, like the AMC Lowe's at the Waterfront or the South Side Works Cinema. My only gripe with the Manor Theatre, and the only reason I couldn't give it the full 5 stars, is the sound/soundproofing issues. If you're watching a quiet, more intimate movie and one of the other theaters is playing a loud-actiony type of thing, you can be taken out of a moment when you hear some stuff blow up or someone screaming. The same issues can happen if you're in one of the two theaters that are closest to the lobby. While watching American Hustle last night, it was evident that another movie let out, because I could hear the hustle and bustle of the lobby ("What'd you think of the movie, Morty?" "Gosh, I really have to pee." "Where will we go now?"). I'm exaggerating a little, you can't really make out full conversations, but it is distracting and I wish there was something that could be done about their sound problems. The bathrooms are always clean, which is appreciated! I will usually choose going to this nice, neighborhood theater rather than one of the larger chains.
4	I love taking a night to myself to go see a movie at the Manor. It's in a good location right on Murray in Sq Hill (even though parking on Murray is not fun), perfect for dinner somewhere before and a movie or stopping down the 61C cafe for a coffee and cookie afterwards. It's not my favorite theater in Pittsburgh, but they generally tend to show some good indies and it's a great place to frequent around awards season because they show a bunch of the nominated films. The people are always really nice- I love the older woman with the bright red hair who helps you with your ticket. Plus, the addition of the new bar with food and drinks was a really nice touch- it makes it seem a bit more upscale. If you can't find a smaller budgeted movie in the bigger theaters, take a check to see if they're playing it here and if so, make sure to go!
5	So Manor is nice small clean and in close proximity to several decent restaurants in the heart of Squirrel Hill. A great date spot... But it also offers independent film festivals and several films you simply won't find anywhere else or if you do show times will be limited because they aren't typical blockbusters.A few weeks back I heard about a film adapted from a play called August Osage County. Who doesn't love a depressing dysfunctional family story to remind you that maybe your family isn't so nuts after all?Anyway I find this film playing here I watch it and of course I am a Meryl Streep fan... she blew it out of the park. Julia Roberts did too, both gave great performances I might not find anywhere else. If you need Intelligent entertainment vs the mainstream noise flying all around Pittsburgh check this place out. I need little sprinkles of distraction like this place so glad its here. Parking is rough and films will sell out ahead of time during opening weekends (Tried to get a peek at Grand Budapest Hotel this weekend and had to settle for Water Works Cinema instead).
4	Great old theater that's been renovated.  I'm new to the area so can't fully appreciate the renovation over what its condition had been in the past, but it is nice with leather chairs and cup holders.  I must say the theater size was quite a bit smaller than I'm used to -- a center aisle and maybe 6 seats across on each side of the aisle.   Nonetheless, the movie experience was fine -- my seat was comfortable and no one's head was in my way.  I could hear just a bit of sound from the adjoining theater, but not bad.  I like that they show not only mainstream selections but independent and foreign films, as well.  That will definitely be a draw to bring me here.Parking is on the street but I didn't find that a problem on a Friday evening.  I parked around the corner on Forbes about 5:20pm and had dinner first then walked the short distance to the theater.  (Note there are several dining options before or after your movie experience.)Pricing is in line with other theaters -- 9.25 for one adult at a 6:10 showing on a Friday night.  Small popcorn with a medium soft drink was 7.25.  And their press is making a big deal out of the fact that part of the renovation was adding a full bar selection and that you can take those alcoholic drinks into the theater.  Maybe that will make some movies seem better than they would otherwise.  LOL
5	My butt was in heaven! Just went to this theater for the first time the other day and it has the most comfortable seats of any theater I've ever had the pleasure of resting my tush in. Wasn't overly crowded and -- most importantly -- this theater has a bar in it. As far as I'm concerned, any place, ANY PLACE, is enhanced by the addition of a bar. Don't drink too much though, or you're bound to fall asleep (pass out) in them comfy chairs!
5	So nice! Great little theater with a lot of character. I've only been in once since they renovated, but they did a great job and now the theater is modern, clean, and still cozy.
3	This is a great old theatre that is even better now that it has been updated! I've seen several foreign films here as they usually do not have "major" movies showing. It's in a great location to grab lunch at Smallman Deli or one of the other many restaurants in Squirrel Hill afterwards. They also now have a bar which is a really nice touch!
5	My movie theater experiences have only involved two or three story buildings, expansive concession stands on each floor, more than six ticket windows, and at least twenty auditoriums."Oh, look at you. You've been living the high and fancy life!" you mentally exclaim.Well, no. I've been fortunate enough to live a solidly middle class life, and my community just so happened to have only "high and fancy" theaters. Mind you, these theaters did not always have first-class people and first-class service. In essentially every other movie outing or two would be slovenly adults that make my eyes and nose cringe, rude teenagers with the penchant for adding their own obnoxious commentaries during the movie, and crying babies whose screech can overpower the loudest of sound effects of the movie.Manor Theatre is a very welcome reprieve from the faux-luxury theaters. I echo the previous reviewers' comments on the positive aspects of the theatre: the types of movies they show, the comfy seats, and the all-important full bar. I am just going add my two cents about its service. The ushers have always been respectful, quick, creative, and courteous in all the times I've been here. When the theatre (accidentally?) oversold a showing of The Grand Budapest Hotel, my friends and I had thought we were going to stand for the entire movie. The ushers quickly realized the trouble and pulled in chairs from the full-bar area to accommodate us and the others. I was impressed. They did not even roll their eyes or raise their voices (except to announce updates to the standers on the what they were going to do to accommodate us all).I have had a really great experience here. It really is a gem in Squirrel Hill.
5	Great selection of titles that are usually given little notice in large theaters. Great feel and definitely comfortable
5	Public Service Announcement: October is "Vintage horror films" month! SETTING:Wow, I just have to say that Manor Theatre is an absolute gem. This place is extremely well kept and clean. Manor underwent a fantastic renovation job and still retains a hint of vintage with the decor, which I appreciate. A home theater feel...that is, if I lived in a mansion.SERVICE:All the employees were efficient and polite. For the midnight showing of Rosemary's Baby" (part of the October horror films segment), a few employees went out of their way to add to our experience. They dimmed the lights and re-enacted a small part of the film we were about to watch. Then they asked us some trivia questions about the film--those in the audience who answered correctly got little prizes. Definitely a nice touch!IMPRESSIONS:Can't beat it. A smaller theatre with all the works AND affordable prices (tickets and snacks/bar). Sure, it doesn't show all the newest movies and handle large crowds, but that's not why I come here. I come here for some of the indie films and "specials". For example, every Saturday midnight in October they are showing a vintage horror flick. Growing up in an immigrant family, I never really watched the classics, so thank you Manor for helping me out with American culture! Coming again next week to watch "The Shining"!
4	Nice little movie theatre that tends to have independent films.  Tickets are $9.25.They don't have many screens so the show times are limited. Screens are also small with a center aisle and 5 seats on each side.  It seems to be crowded--we had to sit in the third row and seats were filled to the second row for a showing of Whiplash.  The location near Forbes and Murray is great!  Grab some dinner nearby and stop in for a movie!
