4	This review is strictly for Dr. Suarez...I was w/ another Dr previously at the same office but when my husband would get annoyed and frustrated when I'd come home w/ practically no information from the Dr, so luckily I was able to change physicians and it was Dr. Suarez. She's attentive, informative and she always tries to figure out the cause then find a solution rather than writing a prescription and sending me on my merry way-- as the other Dr did. Love her.
1	This is probably going to be my last visit here. EVERY time that I have come in this year, they ask me for my ID, insurance card and have me fill out forms to "update" my information, I'm the only one- mind you, in the entire waiting area that is doing this. WHY THE HECK DO I HAVE TO DO THIS EVERY TIME THAT I COME IN HERE-- that's what I asked the gal at the front. She went on to tell me that the last update on me was in Feb and maybe even though they looked at my cards, they didn't scan them. I disagreed with her. I watched them scan my items in August and the time before that and every time that I come in I fill in forms-- where on earth are these forms going once I hand them in?! I have so much personal information on these forms but they're not making it into their system!! This girl (with the glasses) Kelley has no business being in the "front lines" as being in the front requires a PERSONALITY. I wasn't hostile, cursing at her or anything but I was quite irritated. As the customer or patient, I'm allowed to be upset and say so, but as someone in customer service, you're NOT supposed to roll your eyes like a child when someone you're serving is upset-- you try to find a solution. This isn't my first encounter with this young lady, at one of my previous appointments she's been just as "delightful" (feel the sarcasm people!) as she was at this last appointment. To top it off, she tells me that the dr is running 1 hour behind. Holy shit, I wasn't in the mood to sit around and wait after all that just happened plus I had so many things to do. I checked to see if I could reschedule, yea, next available is Dec 24?! So, I declined and said that I wasn't coming back. Which, really, I have no intention to return. I love Dr. Suarez but could care less for the front staff, Kelley in particular-- honestly she needs a lesson (or 10) on customer service. I will be taking my business else where.
1	I am writing this review based on this specific location. I live quite a bit away but due to a "youtube" video I decided to give Dr. Alonge a try. I needed to discuss quite a few things but upon arrival at the office there was no receptionist at the front. When she finally got there I had to do this bubble scan tron. I guess this location is doing a Pilot of this new system. Its terrible and very IMPERSONAL. What is worse is that the Doctor and Medical Assistant were able that way as well.  The Doctor literally didn't look up from his computer once he started imputing things. He didn't ask what I was doing as far as my LIFE he just tried to make a assessment based on this quiz that he didn't even tell me about when half the time I was giving joking responses. He seemed very robotic and definitely wasn't a good fit but that isn't why this place is getting one star because with doctors that happens my issue is with the staff. I literally sat for over thirty minutes waiting to get my labs done without any idea as to who was coming or when. This location has a small one room lab and the lady was nice when she finally arrived but I had to go SEARCHING to be able to find someone to try to locate the lady to get a estimate the medical assistant was no where to be found. Once I was trying to exit after it was all said and done this lady at the exit door REFUSED to let me leave she told me I had to WAIT to check out. I was NEVER planning to come back to this place again nor was I instructed that I needed to see the check out people but guess what? she still gave me a hard time and when I finally did get to the lady I HAD ALREADY SIGNED THE PAPER that they wanted to prove I was here. Overall it was a terrible experience and since I like Health Care Partners Pediatrics I will probably try out another location but overall this was the PITS!
5	I'm honestly really surprised by these reviews. I have always had great service here. The staff are always friendly and Dr.  SUAREZ is by far one of the best doctors in Vegas. She is one of the few doctors that doesn't seem rushed and will answer all of your questions. She even called me kn a Saturday as promised to give me test results. Not many doctors will do that. I love this place. And most of all this dr.
1	As good and friendly Dr. Suarez is - the frontdesk is awful, unfriendly and just forget if you need anything - you will die trying to get if from this staff. Trying for years  to overlook it as the doctor is great - but it is getting unacceptable and actually pretty costly to pay for their mistakes!
1	Made an appointment 1 month ago only to call to verify my appointment time and have them tell me that they made an error and never scheduled me and can't see me until next month. Horrible customer service.
