5	I thoroughly enjoyed my first  foot massage while waiting for my car to be serviced in South Scottsdale.  After a bagel at Einstein's I was walking around and noticed a foot and leg chart in the strip mall at Thomas and Scottsdale Rd.  I had no idea how many body parts are allegedly connected by nerves to your feet from the big toe to the heel.  Over the years I had thought about getting a foot massage, particularly after long hikes, but never did.  Just taking off my boots after hiking was good enough for me...Since I was spending a lot on the car I thought I needed to feel good this time.  Not knowing what to really expect from a foot massage I was pleasantly surprised with the price $28 for 45 minutes.  I was the only one there when it opened at 10 AM.  In asking the owner I found out "Just Plus" had opened at this location in December and was offering an additional 20% off until the end of April.  With time to kill I decided to take the plunge and commit to my first ever  foot massage.  The owner sat me down on one of the four cushy chairs while I relaxed.  In a few moments Cindy came with the bucket of just the right temp water/tea mixture.  My feet were wrapped in plastic and chair inclined.  I received a totally comfy head, shoulder and arm massage for ten minutes or so followed by the foot massage.  Each foot was worked on one at a time and felt good even with ticklish feet.  The only down side was a few moments of mild "pain" when the  arch of each foot was massaged.  Otherwise, I would now be more inclined to get another foot massage if and when the opportunity arises.
4	This is my fav place when I need a some down time,  and the price is great.  That it is massage without getting undressed makes it hassle-free which is also a plus.  The hour-long reflexology massage (includes hands and arms) is fabulous,  but for a real treat do the 1/2 hour char massage with the 1/2 foot massage.  So worth the $45 and I go home recharged.Staff is great,  and its like a mini-retreat whenever I need one!
5	I love foot massages they are always so relaxing and takes away all the stress. The people are nice here and it's a quite atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that is looking to relax. Foot Massages are a Chinese thing but you gotta try it I mean it feels so good after that and it makes you feel like your walking on air.
5	Being 40 weeks pregnant and miserable I decided to pamper myself and my mother so we went in for the 60 minute reflexology foot massages. I've never had a massage that soley focuses on the feet. The only foot massages I've had were the wimpy ones you get during a spa pedicure or the few minutes that are spent on the feet during a full body massage. This foot massage was amazing! After we had been seated in a semi-private room in super comfortable reclining chairs, our head, neck and shoulders were massaged while our feet soaked in warm water. Once we were all nice and relaxed our feet were given the much needed attention they deserved. I even fell asleep for a little bit I was so relaxed. It was a great experience and at only $30 for the 60 minutes it's so inexpensive. There's no reason not to give your feet a treat. I'm so glad my feet found this place.
5	I am a regular here when in Arizona - a must stop.  For $30 you really can't go wrong.  Foot massage is intense - just enough pressure to get the tension out.  Very relaxing and nice atmosphere.Only downside is the foot traffic outside the building which can get loud...but once you enter the doors and sit in the chair, all "sounds" usually disappear!
2	Awesome, if you're deaf.  My girl and I went here because I saw that it was right up the street and fairly inexpensive.  We were offered bottled water while waiting for our chairs to open up and sat on the quite hard leather couches in the waiting area.  The overly large candy dish with an assortment of Star Brites and less distinguishable candies in the waiting room was a little disturbing as to how the service would be.My massage was great.  Unlike many reflexology places where they give equal treatment to both hands, feet and scalp, only about 15 minutes of the hour is designated to non-foot action.  The two of us were in a private room together and the chairs were really comfortable.  She thought her masseuse was training because she would hear them speak in a foreign language and when she looked up it looked like he was asking the girl, who was performing mine, what to do.  The real problem was the sound.  You would start to get comfortable and you realize why the front desk guy is speaking in hushed tones, the top of the walls are open into each room and everything said above a whisper echoed loudly into our room.  They really need to soundproof those rooms before I would ever want to go back.  The last 15 minutes for both of us were spent grinding our teeth at listening to the obliviously loud man in the waiting room describe in detail his experiences with the "other" type of Asian massage.  Everytime a phonecall or person would come in to book a massage it was like a shotgun blast in the otherwise silence and we could not relax.If you can't hear well or don't mind interruptions to your silence in order to be comfortable, this is a great place to go.  Otherwise, be prepared to have great feeling feet but a set of frayed nerves from all the interruptions.
2	I was rather excited to get treated to a bit of pampering last weekend as I have been quite a stress bunny lately. Just Relax seemed promising enough and reasonably priced. We arrived a little early for our appointment, so we waited in the lobby area. The couches were rather firm, but I suppose they didn't want people to get too comfortable before things even began. I was a little annoyed by the disarray in the waiting area: scattered magazines and a humongous tray covered in assorted cheap hard candies were a little distracting (to me, at least). I like my massage waiting rooms to feel a little more zen, but I figured that this is generally a non-existent issue for most people.We were shown back to a shared room. I was delighted by the warmth of the foot bath, but that was pretty much where the joy ended for me on this trip. My masseuse might have still been training, I think. Although the primary focus of the massage was feet and calves, the masseuse did spend some time on my scalp as well as hands.The scalp massage was incredibly irritating. My hair is short, and I swear he was scratching my head like I was a dog. I snuck a peek over at my companion and he appeared to be getting luxurious strokes on his head. What the heck? It's a good thing they covered my eyes with a warm towel or I might have spent more time stealing envious glances at his massage.My masseuse continued to be brutal throughout the appointment. Granted, I can be a bit rough and tumble, but wow, I ended up with some serious bruising later on. In addition, I was rather perturbed by his continual whispering (I think he was getting a bit of on the spot coaching) throughout the appointment. I am all for on the job learning, but there should be some sort of warning to the client if the masseuse is still in training. I would have probably opted out.In addition, the tops of the rooms are open, so any noise is carried across from the lobby into the massage areas. One of the appointments after ours was a rather talkative fellow. It was incredibly jarring.I will admit that I felt much less tense a few hours later, so clearly the massage was effective. However, my overall experience could have been much better.
5	I love this place.  My girlfriend and I have gone several times and a few weeks ago I took my husband with me.  He said he'd never get a full body massage again because this was so much more relaxing.  Phillip at the front is always pleasant and helpful, wants to make sure that your experience is good.  He did address the fact that the people doing the massages sometimes chat back and forth in a whisper and says that will not be happening anymore.  We'll see tomorrow when Cynthia & I go in.  Give it a try!!!
5	Just Relax = Just what I needed / wanted...I was totally jonesing for some reflexology, but didn't want to spend a small fortune either without driving to a familiar place down in the East Valley. Enter Yelp.... gosh, I love this website!So I just typed in reflexology... and found a place close by in Scottsdale - - Just Relax. I called on a late Sunday afternoon, and bonus #1 - they were open til 9pm. So I made an appointment for approx 45 minutes later. Nice.... First of all only $30 for an hour... that's awesome! Or $22 for 45 minutes - - that's pretty darn low as well. When I entered, I was greeted with a friendly welcome. I was a little bit early for my appt, but they were actually all ready and available for me. Cool...This location is very clean, and nice simple decor. (Definitely nicer than other reflexology places I've been to.) They even had a cold bottle of water waiting for me in the room.John was my masseuse. He was a "Foot Angel from China". Loved him... I was blissfully pampered for the next 60 min. My feet were soaking in a small wood tub, while he massage my scalp, arms, neck, and shoulders. Awesome....Then after about 15min, on to the feet. The foot part was awesome... my feet/heels are pretty jacked right now from wearing flip flops all the time. So they were very happy to get some work done. Typical instrumental / relaxing music playing. Kinda a bit on the loud side - - but I actually liked it, helped me to "relax". Great experience! I'll be back for sure!When it came time for paying, i was totally stoked that my HSA card worked. Nice.... But they also have a limited time promotion going on right now, that for every 10 paid visits... you get an 11th visit free. :)
5	Ok,, so I am not the type of guy to call a spa, set up and apt, and then make the effort to show up.. If I'm beat up from working, or from sports I can drop in and get an amazing massage and be on my way within an hour.  Price is great an the service is top notch.  Your girl might want the whole spa experience but this is quick, easy and you can even get massages side by side while you wait for your dinner reservation.  Great concept, Great Service, Great price....
5	This place is amazing! My hubby and I were visiting Scottsdale on vacation and both wanted a little pampering without dropping hundreds of dollars at a spa.  This place just wanted our tired bodies needed. My husband got a chair massage while I received a foot reflexology massage.  I really liked how they put us together in a private room, a nice little touch.  If we were local we would definitely come back again.
5	Are you kidding me? I've lived less than a mile away from this place for 3 years. I've noticed it, but it looked a little shady from the outside. A week before I'm moving to another state, I decided to try it out. I can't BELIEVE how perfect this place is! So affordable, clean, comfortable, and relaxing! The staff is so friendly and wonderful. A true hidden treasure. I'd be back every week if I could!
4	Read some of the criticisms.  I was there with two other people being massaged, and it was very quiet, with appropriate background music.  On balance, I thought it was an excellent massage and a good value.  Went there because of the positive reviews on Yelp, so I thought I would share as well.  Started with the head and upper back massage while my feet were soaking; then, he began the leg and then the foot massage.  Most of the time spent appropriately on the feet.  I was comfortable and, indeed, relaxed.  Good reflexology will come with some foot pain, but he was mindful of my pain tolerance.It is in a store front, and the waiting area is not much . . . but I did not have to wait.  Everything was very clean looking.  So why only 4 stars?  While it appears that there is no way to avoid it, I was aware of far too much wandering back and forth in front of me, and that was a distraction to an otherwise very good experience.  I will return.
5	AMAZING! As my sister said, it felt like we just got foot f*cked. The foot massage left us in the clouds. Seriously, AMAZING!
5	In a word, this place is...AMAZING!  The prices are affordable and ambiance is really calming.  I found this place on Yelp and decided to check it out after work.  I purchased the 60 minute foot reflexology - and for 60 glorious minutes, I melted away into pure calm!  The cost is only $35 for 60 minutes, but if you purchase their membership, you save $ each time on each service.  I highly recommend it if you plan to come more than 5 times!  Well worth it!The 60 minute reflexology session puts you into a lovely, recliner chair...they put towels over your body, and you put your feet into a warm tub of water.  It's very sanitary, as they use a wooden tub and a "new" plastic bag with water for each new person.  They start massaging your head/scalp massage, neck, shoulders and then spend majority of their time on your feet/legs.  You are fully clothed, so it's very easy to just lay back and relax.They give you a bottle of water with each session, which is great to replenish after the reflexology process.Go there TODAY!
4	Checked out Just Relax for the first time today. There was a bit of a communication issue due to a language barrier that resulted in a longer and more expensive massage than what I requested. I didn't realize until it was time to pay, however it was so blissful I ponied up without a fight. Very relaxing, and highly recommended. Just make sure they understand what you are asking for.
5	Loved the experience. For those other reviewers who complained about the noise level they need to stick to fancy pants spas. It's mind over matter and the concentration levels should be on the therapists hands not the loud mouthed guy checking out.  Summary:  it's what you make of it.   I enjoyed it and will return to buy the membership
5	Found this place on Yelp and my girl friends also come here. It was amazing. For $35 bucks and you get an HOUR massage. Its mainly feet, but they do your shoulders arms and legs. You sit in these nice comfy chairs and they go to work for you.I don't live in AZ anymore however if I did I would sign up for there members card, you end up saving a lot more. Great place though!
3	Nice experience. Good price. For me, an hour is too long and 30 is too short.  Go for the 45.
5	I try and make a stop into Just Relax every time I'm in Scottsdale.  I stay right down the street and its very convenient.  I stopped in twice over this last trip and was very pleased with the service.  $25 for a 45 minute foot massage is unheard of and I highly recommend Annie.  Don't forget to tip!  They work hard!  Enjoy!
4	Was looking for a reflexology place after running a half marathon (my feet were crying to be pampered!). This was a great choice!! I went with the hour( only 35.00!). A very relaxing environment and quiet. For the hour I received a warm foot soak, full reflexology on both feet, calves, arms and head/neck massage. I even fell asleep!I floated out of there, on happy feet!! Thank you!
5	This place is BOMB! Having a stressed day...feeling achy...need to relax...have extra time...want to pamper for cheap...this is THE place. They take walk-ins, you can go for a really short (I go on lunch breaks sometimes) or long times and its only $35 for an hour of foot reflexology. You won't be disappointed :)
3	I had a somewhat relaxing experience here and I would come back possibly if they made a few changes. The therapist was great and the rooms are nicely decorated, but there were a few things that really put a damper on my experienceI had to wait about 30min for an appointment which is fine since I did not call head so definitely call ahead before going in. First of all it is quite bright in there which makes it hard to fully relax even with a blind fold since its just a white towel. The walls are extremely paper thin and it is quite loud! You can hear people talking in normal voices outside the shop which is next to a water and ice and subway so there is a lot of traffic so its really hard to fall into a deep relaxation. Also they do NOT turn you over or work on your back. That was really the thing I did not like about most about my experience. They should really consider doing back work there. Every other thai massage or reflex place I have been to does back work so it was dissapointing when I did not receive that especially for an hour long service.Bottom line First Class Foot spa is the absolute best and most relaxing Reflexology place in the Phoenix Metro area, but if you are in Scottsdale you are better off going to Thai Royal Massage and this place as a last resort.
1	Called for pricing and asked what services they provided.  Told $35 an hour.  Told them I needed combination chair / feet.  When I got there, I confirmed 3 times the price as there was a language barrier and the menu said more.  Foot massage was all fluff and no different than I get when I get a pedicure.  When I went to pay, it was NOT $35, rather $50. Lastly, all their outside signage was out and it was hard to find for this out  of towner  Very disappointed in entire experience.
5	Absolutely love this place. The environment is quiet and relaxing, and the massages are fantastic. I don't think you can beat the price or the experience!
4	I been wanting to check out a foot massage place for a while now. After feeling a knot in my right foot I ventured on Yelp and came across this fabulous place. For $50 I got a 75 minute foot massage. And it was HEAVENLY. Those little 4'9, 90 lb adorable Asian woman are incredibly strong. Your seated in a separate area from the front door after whispering your order to the man who quickly greets you. These over sized recliners are very comfortable. The masseuse gets a bucket of hot water that you soak your feet in while she starts at the top of your head. She then moves on to your neck, ears, face, shoulders, hands and ends @ your finger tips. It is completely divine. You literally have to fight yourself from falling asleep, and that's before she even starts on your feet. I have no other place to compare this to since it was my first time having a professional foot massage. But I think I'm afraid to go else where for fear of disappointment. My masseuse literally spent an hour straight on massaging my feet. Unfortunately my aching arch never really went away and now I'm forced to seek a foot doctor. I highly recommend this place & look so forward to coming back.
4	I got a 15 minute chair + 35 minute foot massage. The chair massage was kind of painful in a good way and much needed. For the foot massage, my masseuse started with a arm/hand massage and worked down. It was really great, and reasonably priced.
5	I came here for a foot massage and reflexology. Nice comfortable chairs and very nice massage therapists. It was definitely enjoyable. I would recommend this spot to someone looking for some relaxation and a good foot massage.
5	I have been to this location 10+ times and after each visit I leave thinking I need to do this more often!  Clean, quite and very relaxing.  Unique way to spend an 30+ minutes - if you like having your feet touched this is the place for you!
5	Absolutely awesome. If @massageenvy would pick up the quality standard and techniques they hold, they would probably endure better customer retention. What I'm saying is they do a fantastic job here.
5	I have been a regular of just relax for about 4years now and everytime I go I am very relaxed and they are experts in reflexology.I have also had cupping done there and recommend that to try as well.Great customer service and very clean.
5	Great prices. Lovely attention to details like warmed up lotion, a beautiful bathroom and smooth music. Highly recommend "brian" whose hands were warm, soft and strong all at the same time. The hour just passed too quickly ;)
4	Have gone here 3x in the past two weeks. Passed on the foot massage but, got a chair massage. A little price, ($35 for 30 minutes) but, what an excellent job by Yoyo of hitting all the spots I asked for and really applying firm pressure as requested. If your a little bored with the standard foot or table massage routine at your favorite place, I highly recommend a back, shoulder, neck, head rub siting in a massage chair. Much better pressure in this position. Truly wonderful. Ty Yoyo.
5	I love this place! My boyfriend works 12 hour days on his feet and could use a good foot rub on a regular basis. I try to oblige as much as possible, but for $20 for 30 minutes - this place is the better choice. It's quiet, clean and the massages are amazing! My boyfriend falls asleep everytime because it is so relaxing. I'd highly recommend! This has become one of our favorite things to do on a Friday after HH.
