5	I love thier pan pizzas so much. They do make em great.
1	I ordered my pizza online, only to find out that the pizza was going to take over an hour. After getting a busy signal and having to wait through several rings, they finally picked up and I was able to switch from delivery to pick-up. When I arrived 20 minutes later, it took 5 minutes for anyone to greet me. The food quality is okay. but not at all worth the poor service.This was my 2nd bad experiance with this location. I had a similar experiance prior to this but though I'd give them a chance. The time before I'd asked if I could add breadsticks to my order when I arrived, they said it would take an additional 30 minutes. Really!?!
4	Pizza was amazing loved it , had a pan meat lovers pizza , just a little on the costly side for delivery , but great meal!
1	On vacation, staying at the Wyndham. Ordered online due to plane being delayed and getting in late. Order took over an hour to be delivered. We ordered the Pizza Hut Box and the order was incorrect, cold, and was not fresh. So disappointed. It was disgusting. Avoid ordering from this location at all costs.
1	Terrible service! We ordered from the hard rock hotel and not only were they an HOUR late, when we called the restaurant they were extremely rude and hung up on us before we could ask anything other than if the pizza was on it's way. We were looking for an affordable alternative for food before hitting the clubs and we were extremely let down. We won't be doing this again.
1	My order was cancelled by Christina. After waiting for 1 hour I called to get a update on my order and found out she cancelled. She didn't call me I believe they where too lazy to complete the order. She also called me out of my name on the phone of course, I don't believe she would be so bold in person. The manager could care less I called him and I was assured that the gm would call no such call took place. My advice would be don't talk smack to strangers on the phone christina. I won't be surprised If this store eventually closes
1	I am a college student at UNLV and my friends and I simply wanted to eat pizza. We placed an order around 1:45 and we were told it would be there at 2:15. My friend and I went down to the front of our dorm building waiting for an hour and no none showed up! I called in the store and the driver told me his driver was there ad said no one was there! My friend and I were standing in the front of our building looking for this car! As the manager had the nerve to talk down to me saying, "maybe you should pick up your phone when we call you next time." Well fuck that guy. We had to wait another hour till our pizza arrived. Nothing against the pizza here, the pizza is not at fault. The incompetent fools working at this Pizza Hut. Never ordering from here again. Bless their incompetent managers heart.
1	This is the worst pizza hut I have ever ordered from. The time before this, I waited an hour for my food and received it very near cold. I called and the lady said because I had taken a bite she was not going to replace my order and refused to give me her name. I had to go all the way to corporate on that issue. This time won't bother, I found a hair on the burnt cheese sticks, the pizza was over cooked and the soda was warm..... Are you kidding me? WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN. I will stick to Russell and boulder. I took pictures of everything and will be uploading them soon. This location is disgusting, they have very horrible customer service and the food either comes to you cold or over cooked.....
1	Over half an hour and still waiting for my pizza they said would take 15 minutes... some people have been here waiting longertl than I have...
1	Pizza Hut has failed big time. Normally I don't order from Pizza Hut but with the holiday, they were one of the only places open that offered delivery. I sat around for an hour and a half waiting for my order to be delivered. I waited so long because I knew there would be traffic with it being a holiday. Finally called and the rude woman claimed she left a voicemail saying she couldn't deliver to my apartment because the roads were closed down. First of all, my phone never rang and I have no voicemail. Second, the roads are not all closed - I just walked out to check. Called again to speak to a manager, got the area manager, who was just as rude and basically said "too bad." Worst customer service ever! I will never make the mistake of trying to order from this establishment again. Thanks for ruining my night. Unfortunately I cannot leave a negative or zero star rating. Enjoy your one star.
