1	The nurse took me to a room where I waited for the doctor....and I waited and waited and waited......you get the point. I quickly realized that this was not going to be a good fit for me, so I gathered my things and headed straight for the door :-/
1	Wait is too long! First visit - appointment was scheduled for 11 am and we didn't see the doctor until 2 pm. Second Visit - appointment was scheduled for 10:15. We came in at 10:10 am with no one waiting in the office and at 11 am we were still waiting, so decided to leave, and find another doctor. Tried to give her the benefit of the doubt from the first time because she was kinda busy the first time but after experiencing the second visit, we knew this was going to be a recurring matter. Place is just starting off so expect a lot of amateur mistakes and limited amounts of equipment to even be called an OB/GYN.
4	Dr. Haslett is a wonderful doctor, that makes you feel comfortable and a person. It is a clean facility and she is so welcoming. The other reviews are partially correct, she wants to get to know every person that comes into her office so the appt. will go later than expected and are not on time. But it depends on how much you want to be comfortable with your doctors.
1	From my hospital feedback form:While this was an unpleasant experience to say the least, the worst part of it all was the way Dr. Haslett treated me.  Doctors on previous shifts introduced themselves, discussed their plans and said goodbye before leaving the hospital.  However, I did not meet Dr. Haslett or find out what her plans for my case were until I asked to see her, which is when more trouble began.  One of the night nurses had pointed out activity on the baby's heart rate monitor that she found worrisome and gave a basic explanation to my husband who was in the room.  Once made aware of this, my husband and I asked a few further questions, but still didn't quite understand the situation, its possible harmlessness or severity, etc. based on the nurse's answers.  We were still alarmed and so asked if we could speak with the doctor about the monitor activity and what, if anything, could be done.  It took a very long time for Dr. Haslett to arrive (which in itself I could understand), and when she did show up, she didn't come into the room with a helpful, let alone reassuring disposition, but with the attitude that my husband and I had done something wrong in asking for her.  I don't know if the nurses had been offended or frustrated that we didn't understand the situation and then got Dr. Haslett "worked up" through the manner in which they expressed our request to see the doctor, but when Dr. Haslett finally did arrive, we were made to feel like children who had done something wrong and were now in trouble for it.  There was no pleasant introduction, no inquiry as to how I was feeling, not even a smile--just a berating.  She asked things like, "You refused an internal fetal monitor; is that correct?" And when we tried to answer she interrupted, raising her voice and repeating, "IS THAT CORRECT?"  We explained that in fact, no, it was not correct.  One of the nurses had offered to change the monitor for my contractions first to see whether that had any effect on the monitor readouts--and that is what we had accepted.  We were ready and willing to switch to an internal fetal monitor if the problem persisted.  Dr. Haslett then chided my husband for even looking at the monitor screens--in spite of the fact that it was one of the nurses who initially brought his attention to it.  Dr. Haslett made it clear to us that the monitors "are not for you [the patient] to read", "you don't know how to read them", "it takes years of training to learn how to read these monitors; training you don't have, and even if you were trained, they would still be difficult to read", "I wish none of these rooms had monitors", etc. And once we got past that scolding, Dr. Haslett made it seem as though we had doubted the nurses, which at that point we hadn't, reminding us that the nurses are "well-trained, capable, and know much more about these things than you do"--and she said all this in front of them in the same terrible tone. We explained that that was never a matter in question, that we never doubted their capability.  All we were hoping for was some clarification in a situation brought to our attention by the nurses and made out to be one for considerable concern. As a patient, I think I have the right to ask questions and request to see a doctor.  I had the impression Dr. Haslett was on the defensive the entire time, and what made things more distressing for me was the fact that she decided to follow it all up with a kind of punishment.  Once she finished basically telling us off, Dr. Haslett decided to end her visit with what felt like a threat or consequence of my requesting to see her.  As she was getting ready to walk out of the room, Dr. Haslett had a mini debate with herself, asking, "Should I say it?  Maybe I shouldn't say it?  I'll just say it because that's the kind of person I am."  Then she looked me straight in the face and said, "You're going to have a C-section" and walked out. Everything else that had gone on that night, even when Dr. Haslett could not think of the things she was referring to and had to be reminded of by the nurses, everything else she had said are things I probably could have handled, but not that--not in a place I had been assured I could "expect kindness" from. I had never given birth before, and I was not prepared for the prospect of surgery; I was told from the time I had arrived at the hospital to try and relax to help things along, but how could anyone relax after being treated like that? The trials of labor are difficult enough in themselves, but after such an interaction with Dr. Haslett, I was completely stressed out about being spoken to in such a way and all I could then think about was the certainty of surgery. She took away my chance for a vaginal delivery and caused me so much distress that I completely tensed up for the rest of what would still be a very long labor. Her treatment of me was in some ways more traumatic than the surgery itself. Would leave 0 stars if possible.
