4	I have finally eaten enough menu items that I can write a decent review!I have tried the following and will order them all again: Spicy Apricot Quinoa, Zucchini Lasagna, Chicken Chimichurri Wrap, and the Loaded Oatmeal Cookie.The first time I tried their food was at the CMYE: Reverse Spring Break At Campus Commons.  I knew, from this event, that I was going to be eating much more of this healthy & delicious food.I have promised myself that I will order something different, next time I make it to the Campus Commons food court, but the Spicy Apricot Quinoa calls to me.  I already miss it; like an old friend.  It is a blend of spice, sweet, light aromatics, and properly cooked quinoa.  I once said,"I could have eaten buckets."  As of now, I think I have!The Zucchini Lasagna (w/ red wine marinara) was such a great take on traditional lasagna, I didn't even miss the pasta. The cheese, veggies (zucchini, roasted red peppers, spinach, & mushrooms), and sauce were done so well with nothing being over-powering.  I may try it again with meat sauce, but I am not sure, because it seems self-defeating in a veggie dish.The newest item I tried was the  Chicken Chimichurri Wrap.  Very straight forward and tasty.  The sauce is a mixture of a spicy red sauce & chimichurri.  Fair warning to those sensitive to heat: this item is fairlyy hot (5/6 out of 10 on my random heat scale).  Though I liked it and it was tasty, it was a 3 ingredient dish, chicken, wrap, & sauce.  It was served with a few little, whole pickles on the side.  I think the flavor of the pickles actually masked the flavor of the wrap, so I didn't eat them all.Lastly, the loaded oatmeal cookie and loaded it is! Chocolate, cherries, coconut, & seeds fortify the standard oatmeal.  There's lots going on in this cookie and one of the best cookies I have had lately.The speed of food isn't supremely quick, but I don't have a problem because of the high food quality.  My last order took nearly 10 minutes; the chicken wrap & quinoa.  Prices are reasonable, but not exactly cheap.  For me, the bottom line is flavor & the healthiness of the food.  If this is eating healthy, then why can't everyone else do it this well?!?
5	You can find this restaurant in a food court right next to CSN Charleston. I wanted to give this place out a try after the owner put their weekly special: Bourbon BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with onion rings and soda/water for $8. Pretty good deal if you ask me! The food took awhile but that's because it was made to order, plus the wait was well worth it if you ask me! This is definitely THE BEST Bourbon BBQ sandwich I've ever had! It was so juicy and tender. It wasn't hard to chew. And it was exceptionally flavorful! It was very delicious! The onion rings were perfect as well. It wasn't disgustingly oily or anything. I also tried the triple chocolate brownie.. BEST brownie I've ever tasted. I'm the biggest chocolate lover, and this is definitely my FAVORITE brownie! I would definitely recommend others to give this place a try! It's a new menu with new food! You won't be disappointed!
