4	Finally!Being from New York, it's been SO hard to get good pizza around here!  Yeah, people will tell you a bunch of places, but they really are disappointing.  There's more to pizza than putting, "New York" in the name...Familia pizza is really good.  The owner is a super nice guy from New York, and his son helps out.  The pizza is big and thin.  The crust is a big issue, and they have perfected it.  Great texture and taste.By the way...you must must MUST try their cannoli.  His son makes the cream from scratch, and it's the best cannoli I have ever had in my life.  You can taste the riccotta instead of tons of sugar. AND they sell pizza by the slice, which is hard to find in Vegas.  Go there.
3	Solid.  If this place were in New York, it would be the best pizza in the neighborhood in most neighborhoods. Went with cheese pie and it hit the spot.  Good crust, not brick oven but lighter and with a little chew.  Cheese ok.   The pizza sauce was very good and fresh.  Solid pizza but not mind-blowing.  Also ordered 6 garlic knots.  I've never seen them literally covered in minced garlic.  Seriously I thought it was a heavy layer of grated parmesan cheese.  Nope.  Delicious raw garlic and olive oil which is great if you're a garlic-head like me but if not, be warned.  Surplus garlicy olive oil got poured on the pizza.  Oh and also the knots come with a good-sized side of marinara (and there was extra of that for dumping on pizza too!)Finally, surprise-surprise, the canolli's were great.   I really didn't expect much as even at a good pizza place in NY the canollis are 50/50 at best.  But here the shell was crisp, crunchy, and almost light.  Instead of delivery I picked it up after reading yelper warnings about possible long wait, but next time I'll prob have it delivered.Haven't priced out pizza in a while but was like $20 for pizza, 6 knots, and canolli.
4	I love pizza places where the first thing I see when I walk in are freshly prepared and sliced pizzas just waiting to be popped into the oven and served to me on a paper plate. This place is no different. I didn't try the garlic knots, which I regret, but I do plan to return and give them a shot. They do serve pizza by the slice, which requires you to choose toppings. I generally grab the standard "veggie" slice, but without that crutch, ordered a slice with peppers and spinach. It was a good decision--the pizza was pretty good, not too greasy. The rest of my party ordered sandwiches. I will note that the restaurant was pretty warm--not sure if this is due to the constant baking of pizza or the weather in general, but for someone not immune to high temperatures, it may be uncomfortable. I was most impressed by the owner, who came by the table to ask how everything was and wrapped up our leftovers himself. He was very friendly and invited us back. Overall, this place has good food and good service!
4	I happen to pass by this place everyday so i decided to pull in and try it. Not sure what NY pizza should be like since i never been there but i love the crust. I always get a pepperoni and mushrooms and it is so hard to stop eating it. They dont open up till 1100 so breakfest is not an option. The service is also friendly and helpful. It is something i could eat everyday but since i dont want to get fat I try to stop by once in awhile.
4	Good NY style pizza plus they deliver. Is it authentic NY style pizza? I have no idea. The last time I ate a slice of pizza in NY was about 20 years ago. But compared to similarly styled pizza in Vegas and other cities, it's top-notch. Huge slices, lots and lots of toppings, and the crust is a little crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I usually just get pepperoni (it's hard to screw that up) but last time I tried their veggie pizza and it was delicious (although it was weird to have broccoli on it). Their garlic bread is pretty good and the meatball sub was decent, although it could have used more sauce.
3	I have had the pizza in the past and it has been really great - the cheese doesn't taste like processed and the sauce they use is not too sweet but not too plain. I tried the wings the other day and wasn't impressed - They are breaded wings wich I do like but the wings tasted kind of dry and were a little hard to chew. The hot sauce they use is pretty good however. I think I will stick with the pizza next time I come back.
3	Though the pizza maker wasn't the friendliest of cats, the pizza was ultimately outstanding. I was looking for something authentic and I found it here. Huge, thin slices of premium crust, mixed with the right ratio of cheese to sauce.  I decided on a 16 inch cheese pizza and wasn't disappointed..... I could have eaten the whole thing by myself but decided to share. I will try other things on the menu but will continue to prefer just the slice!
4	Best delivery pizza on the west side in my opinion. The crust is delicious. The cheese is plentiful. The sauce is very tasty. As an added treat, the cannoli was perfect. I'm a fan.
4	Another great place for NY style pizza.  This place is kind of hard to see from the road - it's located behind the restaurant/bar/casino at the very northern end of the shopping center.  Friendly staff and they delivered quickly when I lived in the area.  If you're in the southwest area of town, give this place a shot.
5	Found this place after I moved to the Southwest a few years ago when it was the only thing in the area. Years later, even after new owners and a name change, it's still the only pizza I've needed. Good South Jersey style red pies and they have a very good white with ricotta as well.
5	Hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas!!!!! I was born and raised in NYC.I moved to Las Vegas 4 years ago and I have been in search of pizza that tastes like it does back home.  I am 100% Italian and learned to cook from the best. So as you can see I am VERY particular about my pizza. The sauce and crust were amazing the cheese was perfect. I will never ever eat pizza anywhere else!!!!! I can't wait to try all of there entrees go there ASAP Ciao :)
2	It's been a little while but I just called to confirm that they still use CANNED mushrooms! We liked the pizza but when you don't use fresh mushrooms, our favorite ingredient, then it kills the whole deal.Start using fresh ingredients and we'll be back!EDIT: My intention isn't to start a pissing match with the company but what you're stating is false. My wife and I ordered 1 of your pizzas and picked it up ourselves, it came with canned mushrooms, not fresh. I called to order again on the date of my original "review" and the person on the phone stated that F.P. still uses canned mushrooms. Please take note I said that we liked the pizza and we'd be back if this changed and so far, according to YOUR employee, it has not. We'll place an order in the near future and see how that goes. I will be sure to update my review at that time.
5	I have lived in Vegas all my life. This is the best pizza I had in Vegas. My husband is from New York and he thinks so too. I'm now 8 months pregnant and we go at least once a week.
4	I've been driving by this place for the last year and didn't give it much thought given its' location and signage made me think it's just another "sysco" pizza place ( meaning, pizza in a box/can like chef boyardee ) saw the place mentioned in a pizza thread a few months ago - i think Matthew gave the place props so i opted to try it  i'm glad i did.I've tried: the 10" mini-pizza with soda special ( $7 ) ;The two slice with soda special ( i believe it was $6 ) ;Large Sausage pizza ( i believe it cost $14) I'm a fan !  The crust has that crispy yet, chewy texture that works for me.  The sauce needs a little more "zing" to it but that's a personal preference not really a ding on the pizza itself.Good service.  and conveniently located for me.  I probably give ciao ciao a slight edge on flavor, but not on convenience and cost.pic added
3	Heard about this place from the Vegas Talk board and decided to try it today for lunch.I ordered 1 Slice of Cheese, 1 Slice of Pepperoni, and 1 Slice of Sicilian Cheese.  All three came out hot and fresh.NY Style Cheese - This was the best of the 3 slices.  The crust was cooked perfectly and the Cheese & Sauce proportions were perfect.NY Style Pepperoni - I thought the Pepperoni was undercooked for my tastes....I like it slightly burnt.  It was very oily and was beginning to get soggy.  I wouldn't recommend for delivery.  Flavor was good, not great but good.Sicilian Cheese - The crust was a little dry for my tastes.  The edges of the crust were very hard due to the overall dryness of the dough.  It was my least favorite out of the three.The menu had other Italian dishes that looked interesting, the Pizzaghetti Sandwich looks very enticing.Overall, the Pizza was pretty good, but nowhere near as good as the competitor that was mentioned in the talk board.  This is where I wish there was a 1/2 Star rating system as I would give this place 3.5 Stars.  The NY Style Cheese was a 4 Star in my book, but the other 2 were 3 Stars.Will I return?  It's in Egypt from where I live, but I might make another trip to try the Pizzaghetti Sandwich.
4	We love this pizza(and everything else). We're from the east coast and it's hard to find really good pizza but we lucked out because here it is and not far from home. Worth the trip and great specials.
4	This is my favorite pizza joint by my house. Their zepolle donuts are to die for. It's only 3.99 for 24!  I buy it for potlucks and it always becomes a fav from my friends. C-Los and Mike (friends) sniff up the powder from it like cocaine. That's how good it is. And oh their pizza is great too. Try the NY cheese pizza.
5	I am writing this review while eating a fresh slice of cheese pizza from a 14" pie I just ordered from here. And now I am taking a bite out of their crispy chicken finger coated in medium buffalo sauce and blue cheese....sooo yummy. I don't care if my keyboard gets dirty from my greasy fingers!This is not the first time I've had their pizza (I order a delivery every month or so) but this IS the first time I'm actually writing a review for yelp. Not sure exactly why I decided that Familia would be the one because I've been eating here and other super yummy places for months now and have just been too lazy to review, lol......maybe it's because I'm really missing NY right now and this is the ONLY place in Las Vegas that serves an authentic NY-style pizza...crust has that perfect balance of crisp and chewy, the sauce is very flavorful and they put just the right amount on the pie (I hate pizza that's oversauced and soggy), the cheese is the way it's supposed to be...nice and melty with just enough stretch when you pull it away...DELISH.And yes the pepperoni pizza is oily but cmon, it's pepperoni! The best pizzas are the ones that take up 5 napkins to soak up the excess oil. Other Menu Items:- I usually just get plain or pepperoni so not sure what their specialty pizzas are like but they do sound delicious. - Chicken fingers (sauce on the side so it stays crispy) over their wings...fingers are better than a lot of other places- Their house salad is huge with large chunks of lettuce, tomatoes, slices of pepperoncinis, . I usually get the Greek dressing - The zeppoles are AWESOME but you definitely have to eat them while they're hot....I tried to eat one the next day and almost broke a tooth hahahaha (what?? they're really good!)- I recently just tried their Classic Gyro and it's actually pretty decent. I've had better elsewhere but I would order this again. It had a lot more lettuce than other gyros which I liked and the tomatoes were thin slices instead of chunks which I also liked. - I've tried the cannolis once and it was really good but I'm the only one who likes them at my house and I can never finish a whole one by myself, lol so never got to order it againThey have some really great anytime and lunch specials also.This is seriously the only pizza place I go to since discovering it a year ago. Every time I get that craving for some NY pizza, I call and order...and then get nervous that I'll be disappointed but I never am!! Love this place =)
5	I'm another New Yorker reviewing the pizza here.I can't tell you how many pizza places I've tried before I happened in here one night. And I am SO glad that I did. I figured I'd leave disappointed - like usual - but holy shit.This pizza reminds me of the place that I used to go to around the block from my house in New York. It's literally perfect New York pizza. I am SO thankful that I found this place, because I couldn't stomach choking down another slice from another stupid NY pizza knockoff place.I mean it, no other pizza place in Las Vegas will have my business from now on. If you're from New York and you're really craving a slice, I don't care if you're driving here from Nellis Air Force base. Get your ass over here, splurge on your gas bill, and enjoy a mouth watering slice of authentic New York pizza.
5	Proper thin crust New York stylee pizza. Crispy on the bottom, chewy in between. Great service! Pops is the coolest guy. Bonus for me is the 2 min. drive from home.Deep dish should be abolished from this Galaxy. I'm just sayin'........
4	The pizza here is amazing - real and authentic.  Excellent service and the family that owns the place is super friendly!A place that does pizza right - very refreshing here in Vegas
4	New to Las Vegas, gave Familia Pizzeria a try, since it was highly reviewed and nearby. The food menu on the web site was easy to read =]+Delivery seemed quicker than expectedGreat tasteQuality of cheese and chicken (Buffalo chicken with ranch)-cheese and toppings seemed loose from pizza crust (easily slid off after a few bites)Looking forward to trying out the other pizzas! Very affordable.
3	I just got home from NY. Of course I had to try a slice of real NY pizza while I was there!! I must say, pretty tasty!! So as soon as I signed up to yelp, I HAD to find an authentic, real deal pizza place... With only a couple minutes away, Familia Pizzeria had such awesome reviews! What sold me what the native New Yorker who gave this place a plus. I ordered a "Large NY style pizza" within 35 minutes it was at my house! Smelled sooo good. Just like any pizza does when you first get it. All I kept thinking was "wow this is gonna be great.... I've been craving pizza!" Well I would say it was what I imagined what it would be, but the cheese just didn't do it for me. Hoping that I was going to get lucky and find legit NY style pizza, but instead I got a "nothing to brag about" pie. Since the service was great over the phone and I only tried the pizza, I will be ordering other things from the menu, gotta try more than one thing!!
5	Hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas!!!!! I was born and raised in NYC.I moved to Las Vegas 4 years ago and I have been in search of pizza that tastes like it does back home. I am 100% Italian and learned to cook from the best. So as you can see I am VERY particular about my pizza. The sauce and crust were amazing the cheese was perfect. I will never ever eat pizza anywhere else!!!!! I can't wait to try all of there entrees go there ASAP Ciao :)
5	I love NY style pizza and when i saw all the positive reviews for familia pizzeria from native New Yorkers, I had to give this place a try. I used to think Rocco's Italian Deli was the best place but Familia gives Rocco's a run for their money.  It's also a lot closer to home so I'll definately be visiting Familia more often.We ordered the Pepperoni and Familia Special.  Both pizzas were awesome.  Lots of cheese but not too much.  Sauce was right on.  But the best part was the crust...thin crust but not too doughy.  We also ordered the chicken wings..bbq style.  It was ok, I've had better at places like Yard House.  But, the Cheesecake was out of this world.  Not too dense, but rich and creamy with a graham cracker crust. They offer a wide menu and I wish they would have more sandwiches like Rocco's does.  But all in all, a great pizza joint.  Delivery time was exactly as they said and not a minute over.  I will definately be back
4	Was craving a calzone or something tonight and stopped here for the first time.  After much confusion on my part, I ordered a Stromboli and a cannoli.  The Stromboli was delicious! About to have the cannoli now.  Will definitely be back for more! Probably zeppolli in the morning!
4	This is a place that without Yelp, I would have never tried.  I have driven past it hundreds of times and never given it a second look.  I guess you can't judge a book by its cover.  While nothing to look at from the outside, the pizza was good.  While not the best pizza in town, it is one that I would be happy to eat any time.
4	This is NY pizza for sure, thin and greesy with a crispy bottom, and big pepperoni. I found it by searching Google originally but have ordered quite a few times since then. It was right around the corner from me and their website looked low budget enough, that it seemed like it could be a small family type pizzeria typical to NY. Sure enough it is.They also do wings and fingers proper, which is necessary from a Buffalo, NY guy as myself. Try some you should not be dissapointed.
5	This place rocks! Food is beyond amazing!! Ny'ers prove once again(:-)) how to do italian right!  pizza IS OUTRAGEOUS, but try the sandwiches and stromboli too! Oh, and the zeppoles? yummmmmmmm!Great food for great prices!!
5	I ordered Subs here for the first time and I gotta say I was impressed. I normally don't order subs out in Vegas, as they are not usually done anywhere near like a pizza place in Buffalo, NY does theirs, but took a chance on these guys as they do other food proper.The Subs I ordered where a Philly Cheese Steak, Veal Parm, and Italian Sausage with Peppers and Onions. All 3 were a decent size with meat falling over the edges. The Philly Cheese was AMAZING. My wife never had one before and wanted to finish it herself after a couple bites. (we split all 3 among the family) The veal parm was very tasty and not dry like some can be. And the Italian Sausage had a good mix of red sauce.All in all they go from four to five stars now that I know how good their subs are.
4	If you live in the mountains edge area like I do, you know there's really not any really good pizza places around since Rosatis shutdown, thank god for Familia Pizzeria, great food, fast delivery, even if Rosatis were to come back, wouldn't go back, Familia Pizzeria is 100 times better and has the great mysterious calzone called the "Pizghetti" .
4	I eat hear all the time and i really love the food, it could not be any better. i live within a mile of the store but i will still have it delivered if i am working. they used to have a super nice guy Jordan working for them that would deliver. i always tip 5 bucks for like a 20 dollar order, but the last time was this new guy with a pony tale. i have to say what a d bag this guy was. i told him thanks and to have a good one, and he just like grunted at me. what a joke i gave him a 30% tip and i don't even get a your welcome or have a good one. i will defiantly eat there again, but i wont have it delivered, i just hope he doesn't give the same kind of service in store.
5	OMG!  I am 42+ years old and will tell you I am officially stating that this is the BEST pizza I have ever eaten.  No bull.  I dont even know what to say it was so good it was orgasmic. I kid you not.  We ordered the house specialty "familia" pizza and it was breathtaking.  I have not found anyone who can make NY pizza in NV or CA until now.  They actually use garlic and you can taste it!  I am so in trouble..... I am going to gain 40 pounds.... this place is like 4 blocks from my house...... Lord help me..... If you have not tried this pizza yet, get over there.
5	Pizghetti is AMAZING!
5	New Yorkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. Thats what I think of!! From Bay Ridge Brooklyn, to the Cross Island Parkway,,,,,You can get a slice @ any corner thats top notch. In vegas, not so much! This place is filled with cheap imitations of what a real New York pizza is. Familia hits the nail on the friggin head. Love this place. I walk in and say "How ya doin" and get an immediate response. I order my pizza (or call for great delivery) and get a pizza the only way it should be ordered. Half pepperoni, half xtra cheese, and well done. Boom. Dunzo. Best pizza in Vegas. The place could use an upgrade, but who cares. I dont pay for decor, I pay for a quality product @ a fair price. A large pie with a dozen knots with a 2 liter for 20 bucks....cant beat it!
4	Been here dozens of times, mainly for their pizza. PIzza: Cheese was on the mild side with some bite, sauce slightly sweet, dough/crust nicely balanced flavor and texture. NY style, got that chewiness and droopiness, made to fold, then consume. Pepperoni, Mushroom, Sausage.. Toppings are typical and plentiful any size. One of the better pizzas I've had here in Vegas.Spaghetti: I've ordered it with marinara and sausage / meat sauce and meatballs. Both combinations were Delicious and had that Comforting good ol' spaghetti flavor. Came with bread (garlic would be nice). One order could feed 2.Delivery was always on time and prices fair. One of my 'go to' pizza joints
5	Holy garlic Batman!!!! We pulled up (windows rolled up, A/C on) and could smell the garlic before we even pulled into the parking space! My response to said pungent garlic aroma? THIS IS GOING TO BE GOOD! (haha) Nestled in an up and coming strip mall (shocker for Vegas), this Southwest hidden treasure was on Yelps suggested pizza joints so we decided to give it a shot. Boy are we glad we did!!! It had your East Coast hole-in-the-wall "feeling" with it's size, lack of detail in the decor, but I'm going to be completely honest when I say the guy making the pizza with the tattoos on his neck and the Asian guy working the register really threw me off... Needless to say, I had my doubts. $19.99- We got a 1-topping LARGE pizza, garlic knots, and a liter of soda.. great deal! I know, I know, get to the point already, how was the food, right? DELICIOUS!!! The crust was east-coast thin and crispy, sauce or "gravy" as we Italians call it, was shockingly fantastic (not too sweet, not undercooked), my only "eh" moment was the cheese. Trust me when I say the cheese was not a factor when it came to devouring the pie and knots. Let's see, it's 5:27pm the following day and.....yep, I still can taste a slight hint of garlic in my mouth resonating from last night. (Mind you this is 3 tooth brushes, 2 mouth washes, and 2 meals later) I happen to LOVE garlic so this is not a problem for me, but if you are not in the market to ward off vampires for 2 days, pass on the garlic knots ;) TRY IT! You won't be disappointed if you are looking for a (close to) NYC/East Coast style pizza pie.
5	Great New York Style pizza! I hate that I found this place because it screams return trips. When we first parked and got of the car, first thought was "Sweet Jesus, now that's some Garlic!" If you're a garlic fanatic, try the garlic knots. Those little suckers were awesome but had me searching for Tums afterwards because of all the garlic. There's nothing special about the decor in this joint, most people place deliveries or carry-out. For $20, we got a 1-topping lg. pizza, order of garlic knots and 2 liter soda, which was a great deal in my opinion.Give these guys a shot and tell them Yelp sent you their way. They will appreciate it!
5	I come here often for pizza and the amazing garlic knots!! The cheese pizza is delicious as is the garlic knots and their ranch. Ranch is a necessity anywhere. The owner is super nice and gave me free cannoli for their anniversary this weekend and it was delicious!!!! Love here. I've never had ny pizza but I love this!!!
5	Great place to eat I love there, chicken fingers they are the best. The pizza is great also, they add a ton of cheese...
4	The pizza and the chicken cheese steak were great!  I'm super happy they deliver to my area!  Being from the east coast, this pizza ranks pretty high up on the list.
3	On my ongoing quest for the perfect gyro, I decided to try this place out.  As I have heard they served Gryos and verified it on their website.I was too busy with work today, but my friend went to visit this place and he picked it up for me.I eagerly unwrapped the well packaged gryo and dug in.  Good!  It is not the same as the other greek restaurant gyros, but it isn't bad either.The size and the value are on par. I was not disappointed.  There was a bit of lettuce in it, but just picking off some of it made it more manageable.  The things that stuck out to me: The meat, the onion and the cucumber sauce.  I am going to be dropping by this place for sure and ordering another!
5	We ordered delivery from here tonight, and as always, the pizza and knots ROCKED!! As others have said though, if you're afraid of garlic, you may want to skip the garlic knots. They'll definitely keep the evil spirits away!! We almost always order the sicilian style thick crust pizza and it is the best in town. The crust is crispy with a soft chewy inside, just the right amount of sauce, and extra gooey cheese...perfecto!!
5	The pizza is out-of-this-WORLD perfect. The crust is perfect. Slightly crispy on the bottom, and fluffy in the middle. The sauce was neither too salty, too thick, too thin, or too anything. It was a perfect compliment to the perfectly placed toppings and just the perfect amount of cheese.
5	I love the familia pizza pie!!! Must try it.
4	Good pizza with LOTS of toppings. Tried the meat lover's pizza and BBQ wings (amazing sauce, btw) and they were good. I must say they do take their time when delivering (over an hour) but the overall service is courteous. Definitely a place to try if you are in the mood for home-made pizza and italian desserts!
5	This pizza is delicious.the crust is new york thin and the ratio of dough sauce cheese is perfect.my favorite pizza in vegas since I've moved from new york eighteen months ago. Will continue to order from here when I want a slice of home.Another thing, I ordered delivery and when they quoted my price I thought out was a little much.when the driver arrived at my home he had said that he had taken my order and made a mistake on the price, and I didn't even mention anything about money....I thought that was honest and fair.
5	A little pricey but well worth it. I got the Sicilian pizza with pepperoni and it seriously has to be one of the best pizzas I've ever had the pleasure of devouring.
1	I was looking forward to some real good Pizza. The man on the phone was pleasant and helpful. Today was football playoff day so I knew he would be busy. Told me it would be an hour which was fine. Pizza arrived relatively when he said it would...but it was soggy and lukewarm. I got a large with about 4 toppings. There was little marinara, hardly any mushrooms or olives and tasted like cardboard. The sausage was like lunch meat. Nothing like the good Pizza I have gotten at others spots in town like Boston Pizza or Metro, or Verizannos. I wont be calling these guys again.
3	Fast delivery, nice driver. Got two pizzas, only negative was they were pretty soggy in  the middle. We dont live too far so the pizza shouldnt get this way. Maybe something with higher water content in some ingredients.  Do not recommend the "margarita" as its just a knock off cheese pizza with some basil...no fresh sliced tomatoes. Will order from them again.
1	Food is Good, Not GREAT, especially when you consider the SERVICE is Horrible. every time you call to place a delivery the guy answering is rude and short, dont ask for reccomendations or specials, he will chew your head off. Make sure to know everything when ordering and have CC payment ready or he will lecture you.
3	If you are craving a New York-style pizza, this place has pretty good pizza. I have ordered from this place three times now, and the last two times, there was something left off my order. Last time, they forgot the sausage on the sausage/pepperoni pizza. This time, they left off the pepperoni on the sausage/pepperoni pizza and also forgot to include ranch with my order of chicken fingers. The crust is hit or miss. When it is good, it is REALLY good. However, the last couple times I have ordered, the crust was slightly undercooked.
4	Surprised had very good pizza.
2	Nothing special.I don't get all the extremely glowing reviews. I found this "NY" pizza to be barely edible; I didn't even finish the whole pie.The crust was dry and bready. The toppings were ok but undermined by the hard, tasteless crust.I still haven't found a better NY pizza than Sicili on Twain, which is 10 times better than Familia, not to mention less expensive.
3	Good NY style pizza!  Don't forget the fried ravioli, garlic knots, and Greek salad...all winners in my book!My only dig on the place is the way they do sausage as a topping.  Instead of chunks of sausage scattered about the pie, the sausage is cut in thin slices lengthwise.  Eh, not my preferred way to go, and it really doesn't look good that way, but it still tastes good.
5	I wouldn't be surprised of one day they just said "Hey Tristan". It's ridiculous how much time I spend in this place. I love pizza. I still think it should be a food group. I'm so lucky to live in their delivery zone. The best NY pizza I've had in Vegas...since I moved from NY. I've probably had half of their damn menu, even the salads (went thru this gotta get fit phase. Failed miserably). Buffalo Wings? DeliciousFav topping? MeatballWhat really takes the cake tho?? That Meatball Parm sandwich??? Should be a crime for anything to taste that good. Trust me, I'm fat. It's delicious. When I leave this town, I'll miss this place the most. Lol.
4	Went to this place on Sun for Fathers Day with my wife and two boys (16,9). They have been on my Yelp radar for about 4 months to try and it's only 7 min away. My wife said "pick the place you want to go", so I did. They are in a corner of a strip mall. Went inside and it is small. 3 four tops and a 6 top, but it was clean. My wife said she thought it would be a little "nicer", I thought it was great! Old school, like back east. Restroom was clean and maintaned. On to the food:You order at the counter and they bring your food to the table. Self serve 20oz styro cup fountain service, $1.35, 8 flavors Coke products, iced tea sweet or plain.We ordered:   Lg dinner salad, $5.95. Very big, romaine, tomatoes, onions, black olives, banana peppers, pepperocinis. Each of us had two servings! They serve on paper plates. Cool!   Lg (16") cheese pizza, the deal was 2 cheese for 17.99, we added pepperoni, 2.00 extra each pizza. Not bad. Pizza was crispy on the bottom, crust was chewy, plenty of toppings and sauce. Really good pizza, worth the money. Took more home than we ate, 'cuz too much salad before.    Staff was very nice, we asked for an extra container of creamy Italian dressing (yes, one of the few places that have it). When the guy brought it over, he said "It's on the house, it's Father Day" What a nice dude! I complimented the mgr as we left. I wanted them to know they were doing it right. They do alot of take out and delivery, having 2 delivery guys. Oh, and they still have a 4.99 gyro, add fries for a 1.00. That's what I'm getting next. Check out the online menu.
5	Can't complain about this pie.. YES! I said PIE and they know what you mean... ;)Some of the best PIE I've had in Vegas if not the best! Reminds me of the small Jersey spots I miss so much.. Big Slices, thin, crispy, great cheese!! Order a large PIE with some tiramisu.. also great!
4	Hole in the wall kinda place. Good food, enjoyed the pizza very much. Not much for ambience, just a TV.
3	We've ordered from Familia about 6 times now. Unfortunately, they're a bit hit or miss. The last 2 times, the pizza has been too salty; even one of my friends whom I recommended familia to said that she thought it was salty. Secondly, the last two orders, the pizza has been ridiculously soggy, even after I ordered it well-done in efforts to maintain a crispy crust. We typically order around what would be considered "rush hour", especially on a weekend, so they may be busier than usual, but I hope that they can once again provide me the delicious, non-soggy, NY style pizza I've come to love. By the way, I love their pizza & fingers deal (we get 2 toppings on our pizza and it comes out to $22 after tax). We usually get sauce on the side because the fingers can get soggy (incase you can't tell by my review, we are anti-soggy food people), and they do it no problem. Their ranch is delicious, perfect for fingers & crust alike. I'd love to update my review when they become more consistent.
4	This is my new favorite local pizza place!  They have really good pizza that's not too greasy but still can maintain an authentic "new york style."  Also I LOVE LOVE LOVE their zeppoles.
5	Been all around the town for pizza, Villa used to be our favorite but this place ROCKS!  Me an my son are picky pizza eaters - the crust stays crispy, the cheese is high quality, and the service is quick.  Good things come in small packages, small joint with dee lish pizza!
4	Pizza is very good, one of the better places I have tried so far.  The employees are really nice and professional.  Looked really clean and reasonable prices.  One of my favorite places for pizza.
3	I can only give this 3 stars although in the South West Region of las vegas it is by far my favorite pizza place.  They also have great wings and some other assorted fried options.  I would highly recommend them for your Sunday NFL Party.  There pizza is good but not great, the price is great for what you get, service is above average but don't expect to be greeted at the door and made welcome, it is a local pizza joint.  It loses a star due to a lack of originality in the pizza.  However the thin crust is done very well and has a nice texture.  It loses a second star for not offering some healthier options on the side.  You are going to get pizza and fried, fried, and more fried food.  I do recommend this place.  It sits right behind Bomas Bar and Grill off of S. Durango.
5	Jackpot I got a large New York style and a large Sicilian. Both were solid, nice and crispy definitely my new pizza spot!
5	A slice of pie and a drink for less than $3.50? WOW! The pizza was excellent, the gents working the dough were very nice and professional, and they have a large menu of all sorts of Italian food. Ill definitely be back!Note, fried cheese raviolis live here... YUM!
5	You can never go wrong by choosing to try familia pizzeria. The staff is wonderful, their food is amazing, and it's cheap!
5	Okay so I am from the East coast and lived in NY. This makes me so particular about my pizza.  Most cases I don't eat pizza in Vegas. When I stumbled upon this place I decided to take a risk. Boy I am glad I did. It is truly NY style pizza.  The cheese is fresh and you enjoy it by the slice. Most other places a slice of pizza taste like Pizza Hut. The cheese pulls with each bite.  Ummm Umm.I have had other items from this place including wings, fingers, fries, and salads.  I have not been disappointed. The chicken tenders are huge. You can only eat one or two.  I love this place and it is the only pizza joint for me. I have gotten my friends hooked on this place too.  I try to explain there is a difference in East and West coast food especially Chinese, Mexican, and Pizza. I have converted them...lolI would eat here everyday if I could but I had to cut back on my fast food till I get myself in shape but best believe when I want to cheat a little and want pizza this in the only place for me.
4	Tried Familia this past Wednesday due to the great reviews I've seen about them on Yelp.  Very good East coast style food.  Being from Philadelphia, it's good to know there is a place to get strombolii, antipasto, pizza etc in our neighborhood.  Very extensive menu and friendly, helpful employees.The only thing I would like to see is a bigger seating area for eating-in.  That's probably not practical given the limited area in the shopping center they are located in, but other than that, this place is very good.  If they keep doing things the right way, maybe they can expand to bigger property someday.We will definately be trying their food again, the White pizzas looked good, (I had the stromboli, which is a very good size. so there was no room left to try it this time).  If we don't eat-in next time, we will definately take advantage of their delivery.  I would certainly recommend Familia Pizzeria to others....
4	Really yummy crust. Cheese was delicious. They do it right. Even the service was good. Thanks guys!!
4	It's a very very good pizza. Been their 3 times  the only draw back is very dark in the parking lot.
3	As I ate the pizza and garlic knots, my main thought was "average." It was simple as that for me. I've had better, and there is little doubt in my mind that I would not bother to try the place again.I guess my biggest beef was with the Garlic Knots. I've had some REALLY amazing garlic knots before, but these were just soaked into garlic/butter sauce and topped with a ridiculous amount of generic parmesan. Tasty to an extent, but when you slather on all of that, little else is to be expected.The pizza was decent, but didn't measure up to some of the better non-chain places I've had. Sometimes you just bite into the pizza and can't stop eating it because of how good it is. This was not quite that good.
2	I Ordered delivery from this place & let me tell u it's the worst calzone I ever had its like they just dumped cheese inside the bread and when u slice it looks like crap & they even forgot the marinara sauce its already bad enough that it doesn't have any flavor. Waste of money I tell ya
5	After coming back from New York city on a trip, I've conducted a frantic search in Vegas for a passable replica of that NYC Pizza flavor. Trust me I've tried all the so called "best" in town but Familia has that sauce and cheese which make you feel like you're in downtown Manhattan. OK so maybe I'm being a little dramatic, but the pizza is damn close. If you want that NY taste, get a cheese pizza. I always order delivery from here, and service is fast, friendly, and hassle-free. Haven't actually dined in yet, but I'm content enjoying their food from the comfort of my own home.
5	I started to write a 4-star review on this place and thinking about the food made me hungry, especially seeing that they offer pizza by the slice,so for the first time I drove down there (I have only used their delivery service) and decided pick up lunch.My first impression was the place is incredibly clean.  I would trust them with my food based on this alone.  The staff was very friendly, quick, professional.  I was amazed by the enormous menu.  This is not a pizza joint; much more a restaurant.  I sat gazing at all of the choices on their menu for the entire time I was waiting for my order and will probably be calling them for dinner.  It does not seem that their online menu does justice to all of the options they offer.The pizza is always stellar, the baked ziti flavorful and .... screw the adjectives... its just good.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Hands down it is the best pizza establishment in my area.  I would probably even call these guys over Rosati's if they were still around here.It is nice seeing a family run business with good food and friendly staff.  I would give them my business for that reason alone.... it is a huge bonus that the food is phenomenal.
4	I'm a pizza person. Normally when I'm in Vegas the only pizza I eat is from the frozen section of trader joe's. however, I recently found this hidden little gem. It might be the closest to ny pizza I've had in Vegas, and it's pretty darn good. Round, Sicilian, pizghetti sandwich, zucchini sticks...everything surprised me. Bc who knew Vegas has a good pizzeria?! Happily, now, I know.
5	I had my first margarita pizza in Rome, Italy. I have tried many margarita imitations in Vegas. This place makes the BEST MARGARITA PIZZA. And it taste just like how they make it in Italy. The familia house pie is also amazingly delicious too.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Coming from NJ, I'm always looking for a good NY style pizza that's close to my house & I've found it! The workers are very friendly and it's never too packed or crowded. One time they even gave me a free cannoli. But what really keeps me coming back is their Philly Cheesesteak. I've tried around, but Familia has the BEST and it's really big compared to other places who charge ten bucks for a skinny breadstick looking thing. The only downside sometimes is the wait time but it's really well worth the wait!
4	Great pizza close to home. I love getting the pepperoni pizza with extra pepperoni and cheese. Their tiramisu is awesome!
5	Tried it for the first time this past weekend based on a friend's recommendation. Had a large pizza delivered. Very good quality for a local non-chain pizza, and reasonably priced. I will definitely order again.
3	Had one of their specials this past weekend. A large 18 inch pizza, a house salad, an order of chicken fingers and an order of their lil donut things for $30.  Not a bad deal for the price and the food was all good. The medium buffalo sauce on the chicken was really good and the pizza was decent. Overall we liked it, even though not a favorite.
4	We ordered the fried ravioli and Sicilian style pizza, both were pretty good! More of an herb sauce, not too sweet.  The square Sicilian dough wasn't as fluffy as I wanted, but overall was a good pizza, very fresh!Owner is from Long Island and definitely is east coast style pizzaThis place is tucked behind another building in the plaza, but I'd say worth the find
4	Good place for a thin crust pizza. Also try the Sicilian deep dish. Garlic knots are tasty and I'm usually not a fan of marinara sauces but they seemed to put a little love in it and it's actually tasty. Good staff and quick service.
5	From Western New York and really don't like pizza out west. Was crazing pizza and wings and decided to try this place out. It was awesome!!!!!! My new favorite!!!
2	First of all, you really have to call your order in. We didn't call it in and walked in on a Saturday night at 6 and waited over 30 minutes for our personal pepperoni pizza and lasagna order to be done. Ridiculous if you ask me! The pizza was a bit tough when you bit into it. and the lasagna was just ok. Not the worst I've had. but I wouldn't go back. and it was soooo hot inside the restaurant. It was cooler outside if you could believe that! They really should invest in some table and chairs so you can also dine outside if you wanted to since there is only a handful of tables inside.
5	Man it's been awhile since we've had a GOOD NY style pizza. Dag nab it I wanted it so bad I could taste it. Being that our family is from Rhode Island, I haven't had much food out here that's tastes half way decent because the water in Vegas just blows. We walked in to find this place almost quiet, one other family in here before us.  This is a small place with maybe 5 tables to sit at.  We waited for the gentlemen behind the counter to finish up making their order.  The boyfriend mentions, "look at the Familia House Pie, that sounds good".  We all agreed a large would be decent to try minus the onion and easy on the green peppers.While the pizza was cooking my mouth was watering just from the smell.  We loved the crust, I mean don't normally eat the crust at all because I usually hate it.  Not this crust, I'm not sure what they do differently but man KEEP IT UP!  The ingredients here are fresh there's no doubt about it. I posted a picture of the left over slice because we just couldn't resist digging into this pizza when it came to the table.  Thank you for making me hold out 2 years to try this place.I for a minute while I was eating I actually felt like I was back East.  Great work on the atmosphere, service, quality and quantity. We left so full.. The only thing they're missing is seating outside for when it's nice out.**THEY HAVE A GLUETEN FREE OPTION FOR PIZZA CRUST**
1	Haven't ordered from here in a while...definitely went downhill. Pizza was soggy, fingers were gross and garlic knots hard. Oh and they forgot my fries that I paid for.  Never again :(
3	Reviews were great for this place so we ordered on a Friday night....pizza was ok...no flavor really. Chicken finger and garlic fries were good.Nothing special...
1	I don't usually leave reviews but this place was so awful I felt inclined to leave a review to save other patrons from making the mistake of ordering pizza from this place. Thus was the worst pizza I have ever tasted. The crust was like hard like cardboard without any flavor and there was hardly any sauce or toppings. Whatever you do, do not order a pizza with spinach on it. They used frozen spinach that tasted like straw so my pizza was inedible. I asked for a refund but they only offered me a store credit that I will never use because the pizza was so horrible
5	Amazing garlic knotts & Zeppoles! Definitely going back! Food was nice and hot! Very flavorful and delicious! :)
5	If you crave New York pizza, then this is the place for you. Just like I used to get back home. Even the Sicilian pie is great. It's definitely my favorite pizza place in vegas. You should try their garlic knots & their Pizghetti. They also offer fast & free delivery. Great owners & a great pkace.
3	If u want great pizza this is the place to go! Not only good food but great service and a friendly staff! If you are on this side of town you must try it!!!!
5	Amazing NY style pizza!! Staff is friendly. Try the pizghetti sandwich - a calzone stuffed with spaghetti and meatballs! My favorite pizzeria!!!
3	I feel bad for giving this joint 3 stars but I was just disappointed with the service. The pizza is very delicious. I'm not too meticulous about whether it resembles NY pizza but the pizza is large and tasty. On top of my pizza, I ordered a meat lovers calzone without sausage. Well, I think I did?Upon unwrapping my calzone I noticed that there was no meat whatsoever. So I called to ask to see why I didn't get my proper fix. Turns out that the calzone is only cheese and nothing else basically holding the responsibility of knowing that on my end. So why wasnt I told this in the first place? If you had at least told me, I wouldn't have expected it. But I specifically said over the phone that I want a meat lovers calzone with no sausage. And the employee just said "ok" which confirms that the order is fine. I might order food from here again, but I'm disappointed with the lack of customer service.
3	Ordered the XL pizza and wing combo and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was just average and the wings were above average. The sauce and cheese weren't anything to write home about. I have definitely had better, and also worse. The mozzarella sticks were the frozen kind. Not made from scratch.
4	Tried this place for the first time and was quite impressed.  We ordered a meatball parmagiana which can go either way at most restaurants, either it's really good and flavorful or bland.  This place got it right!!  We ordered 12 wings, half teriyaki and half medium and they were both great.  My fiancee ordered a personal pan pizza and he said that was tasty as well, not authentic New York Pizza but great nonetheless.
5	Love the pizza and homemade soup. We even had my sons birthday catered and they did not disappoint.  The garlic knots are yummy to. Definitely recommend this place.
4	Best pizza in the area. Quick delivery. Last time our pizza was extremely greasy but all in all, good stuff.
2	I had to update my review. My husband ordered pizza that I picked up on my way home from work tonight. He decided to order a piece of flourless chocolate cake as well. It tasted horrible. Like it had been frozen with frost bite for months! We could both taste it. It was disgusting. I took one bite and spit it out. Chocolate has to be really bad to do that. I understand it's a pizza joint but if you're going to offer other things, they need the same amount of love and prep too. Just gross. The pizza is good. Just afraid to get anything else at this point.
3	Only giving three stars to the food. The food is great and fresh! But I'm only reviewing because of the service. We called to order today and was on hold for 10 minutes. Decided to hang up and call back and still wanted to put us back on hold. And when they answer the phone it's with NO happiness or pride. And this kind of service is everytime. My family and I eat/order from here very often and we are contemplating taking our business where people smile and appreciate our business. Food is great like I said no complaints, but the staff needs some customer service help or we will not be back.
4	This pizza is really good. I order from here all the time and maybe one time out of a hundred I get a not great pizza. It's greasy, crust is soft and toppings are more than serviceable. All in all, I dig it!
3	I've ordered the specials from here a handful of times. The first time I ordered here, I liked the pizza and the wings were so meaty and cooked perfectly. However, the last two times, I was disappointed in the pizza. Also, ordered the chicken fingers and they were hard and overcooked. Sadly, the ranch dressing was the best part.
5	This is the best Italian food delivery in this city! It is very home style food. Comfort food at it's best. They deliver hot fresh food in a timely manner. The meatballs and pasta were so fresh, It was incredible. The man I spoke to over the phone while ordering was so receptive to any questions I had and helped me choose what would be the best item for me personally. I thought everything about this place was amazing. I am a Italian food lover to the fullest and could not be happier with choosing to eat here. Highly recommended!
5	My families favorite place to order pizza from.  There's no need to go anywhere else, seriously everything on the menu is delicious!
3	Pizza was pretty good, could have been a little crisper. Delivery was fast but the guy who answered the phone and took our order had horrible customer service.
4	I always love ordering from familia pizza. I can't believe I haven't written a review yet, I've been coming here for about a year now an the pizza was awesome every time I come.Most of the time i do delivery, and usually they are there within 45 minutes to an hour. I have a great deal which is a large pizza n wings for $27. But lately I've been getting the white pizza, its really good and they use a lot of different cheeses with no marinara. Ordering from them over a dozen times, only once have I got my food that it's been warm. The delivery drivers are always very nice and polite. I I love familia and will always keep coming back.
5	One word: "rich!" The fettuccine Alfredo with grilled chicken is fabulous!! Just freaking amazing and so rich just like the tiramasu oh em gee I think it's the best one I had. Literally writing this review as I'm eating it at home. They also included a salad and bread roll to the ginormous portion of the pasta. They also had a wide selection of drinks that they deliver which was great!! Big portions for a great price for awesome rich good tasting n filling food!!!!
5	We love this place! The spaghetti calzone thing rocks! We love the gyros and tatziki sauce too! It's all home made and freaking delicious. Super reasonable prices and quick delivery keeps me coming back also. Oh and the teramissu is amazing! It's legit! No whipped cream and dry lady fingers here. It's real espresso soaked with thick cream and whatever else is in there. So good!
5	Awesome food! Great prices! Thank Goodness there's a mom n pop pizza place that actually makes food w/ luv on the southwest side of town!
4	I love the pizza and finger special. Very good. The reason this is a 4 instead of a 5 is for the delivery service. Wow terrible. I have order from them many of times over the past few years and it is always a hour to a hour and a half. Since I currently live 5 minutes away I order carry out now. If you are new to the area or have never tried them, give them a try but  just go pick it up yourself.
2	the pizza arrived in 30 minutes, the crust was hand made and delicious, but all the toppings were concentrated in the center, and tasted like they came from a can, especially the olives and peppercinis. except the onion which tasted fresh. we gave the driver cash and he asked if we wanted change when there was a 8 dollar difference. lol, yea dude! we won't be ordering from here again.
4	When I moved to Mountain's Edge the first thing I did was start looking for my new 'go-to' pizza place.  I'm a bit of a pizza snob so I was very disappointed in the initial choices I saw.  This was made worse by my friends in the area saying there were no great pizza joints around.  Then, in comes my wife one night with a large cheese and some garlic knots from Familia.  Fantastic!  Great classic NY style cheese pizza and everything we have tried from them has been delicious.  If you're in the Mountain's Edge area and need a NY pizza fix you probably won't be sorry for trying Familia Pizzeria.
4	Updated my review after they took the time to fix our issue from our last experience. This is still the best pizza in the area. The delivery is always quick and the pizza is great.
5	The pizza is hands down the best NY style pizza in vegas!!!! There's a lot of choices in their menus, subs, calzones, wings, cheese cake, salads and more! I've only has the pizza because it's so good. It's very inexpensive!! We got 5 slices of pizza and two soft drinks for $13!
5	Delicious big pizza slices! Good fried mushrooms! Friendly staff. Place is small but looks clean. Will continue to try.
1	The food was so rich that apparently I got food poisoning!!! The guy who wrote the post saying he got food poisoning wasn't kidding because low and behold 30mins after my first bite I'm in pain in the bathroom... Thank god I got delivery or could u imagine the issue!!!! I never update but I had to for this... Ugh great what a Friday night!!!!!!!
5	This place is great!! Just like NY!!! Thank goodness that I found this pizzeria. Their pizza pies are thin and delicious!!! Their buffalo and ziti pizzas are great and filling. Their sandwiches and salads are great!!! If you're looking for great tasting food and an actual  NY style pizzeria you have found it. It's like a piece of New York in Las Vegas. And I'm loving the ordering online availability!!!
4	I always love ordering from familia Pizzeria . I've been coming here for about a year now and most of the time the pizza is very very good. The prices are nice and inexpensive, and the service delivery is always pretty decent. Recently I have gotten the white pizza, me and my girlfriend like it because it has no marinara sauce on it. However, everytime we have gotten it I feel they put way too much garlic on their white pizzas which kind of kills it. They do have a very good special that we get all the time which is a large one topping pizza and an order of wings for $27 All and all it's a very good place to order from and I will keep ordering from any other pizzeria. I just wish they would ease up on that garlic.
5	Nice alternative to the limited chain pizza places on this side of town. Makes a good pizza with a good recipe. You can tell the quality of the pizza from the crust; flavor, texture, etc. This place has a great crust. This is the best choice for pizza in the corner of Vegas.
5	I just moved in the neighborhood and needed a bite to eat. Then I seen this restaurant on yelp. I ordered the lasagne with garlic bread. It came with a salad, I loved it. I ordered it at 9:30pm and was satisfied and sleepy by 10:30. My lasagne was delicious, my salad was fresh and my garlic bread was wonderful.  great job Familia.
5	Literally as good as it gets in Las Vegas for NY pizza.  I have eaten pizza from all over the country for the last 20 years and this place is among the best.  I'm so lucky to be in their delivery zone.  If you are craving an authentic NY style pie, this is your place in this area.  Order one.  You wont be disappointed.
1	If I could give these guys NO STAR review I would! The only reason being is the customer service is BEYOND HORRIBLE!! I called in for pick up. While talking to the chick on the phone, like most people, I asked her if they had any specials. Her exact reply rudely was "well yea we have 6  a day". So I asked ok what kind are they? She then said "well what do you want!". Um hello? I asked you what are your specials. You ask me what I want.. as if what I want will be a special. Then she sighed really loud then told me all their specials so fast I felt like I was at a dam pizza auction! So I let her finish her rambling and told her no thank you. Needless to say she mad me so upset. All I asked for was if you had any specials and what were they. Didn't realize it was so much trouble to ask. I'll never be ordering from them ever!
2	I ordered food for delivery last week when I was dog sitting in the area. I got 1 small BBQ chicken pizza, 1 small meat lovers pizza, 12 teriyaki wings, and 1 large order of fries well done. Total came to about $45. Quoted 40 mins for delivery, food arrived right on time. The BBQ chicken pizza left something to be desired. It was a pizza, with BBQ sauce, and cut up chicken fingers, that's it. No onions, no cilantro, no flavor! The meat pizza was OK, the fries were soggy even though I ordered them well done, and the wings were, well, wings! Since I don't live anywhere near this place, I probably wont order from them again. But maybe if I was in the area, I would give them another shot.
4	This place sells a lot more than just pizza.  Gyros, ravioli, spaghetti, subs, mozzarella sticks, and so much more.  High quality preparation and speedy dine-in service.  Almost everything I have tried on this menu so far tastes excellent and is fairly priced.  I could eat there every day.  I have a restaurant background, and this small place impresses me.  Have not tried their delivery yet.  The restaurant is only average for cleanliness, so I have to ding them for a star.
4	Business owner handled issue with an employee professionally and in a timely manner, some hard to find good work ethic definitely found at this spot.
3	As far as the food goes I love their pizza and gyros. Their fries would be good but they are always soggy. The reason they are getting 3 stars is because of their creepy delivery guy with the tattoos on his arm that looks like a convict. He always makes comments when he comes to my house such as "where is your old man tonight" or has brought me free sprite even though I didn't order. So I started to do pick up only because I didn't want him at my house if I was alone. One day I walked in and placed my order and had told the guy behind the counter about how uncomfortable I was and he told me that the delivery driver I was speaking of would not be working their much longer and I could order deliver again soon. Low and behold when I was waiting for my order the creepy delivery driver walks in and says "is my delivery too slow for you" and makes me feel completely uncomfortable. I no longer order from there unless my husband is home because he has shown up a few times now and I refuse to answer the door. We order from other places which is a shame because we do like their food.
5	Food is always amazing. From the pizza, to wings to calzones, to cheese sticks to salads...mmmmmm i can go on and on. Definitely a great weekly treat I look forward to.
5	Without a doubt, in the whole of Las Vegas, this is my favorite pizza joint.Their food is amazing.  I haven't tried everything on their menu, but what I have tried is always made perfectly.Their staff is amazing.  I have never dealt with a negative person at this establishment and their delivery service is always very speedy.If you get a craving for non-franchise pizza and Italian food, give this place a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Delicious! And delivered quickly ! Quality food! We will definitely be ordering from here regularly. The pizza is huge. Garlic knots soft and covered in garlic. Add a side of their ranch... It's the good ranch, different from the ranch you buy in stores. We also got tiramisu .. Which also comes in egg nog and peppermint mocha! YUM! Love this place
5	Another delicious pizza experience! Their sausage is the best!!! Yummy garlic knots and authentic gelato- how can you go wrong? Friendly, fast service- Vincenzo we love you!
5	ServiceNever ate in the store but delivery has always been good. The delivery time varies but always close to what was promised. Bonus: no delivery fees.FoodThe two times that we have ordered from them did not disappoint. So far we have tried pizzas, wings, and garlic knots; all of which were very good.
4	Took off a star for delivery time. Ordered online which was super quick & easy. Estimated delivery time was 45min. I called at 60min when order still hadn't showed up & I was huuungry-they told me the food should be there any min bc delivery guy already left. It wasn't until another 15min til my order came. Other than that, food was great! Wings were flavorful, cheese pizza was awesome :) Will be ordering again when craving Pizza!
