5	Sure, this place may be off the strip. when I say Off its goes into locals area.  My mom lived here for years and we visited the restaurant ever since my first time I go back every time I am in Vegas.  I have taken co worker from convention center to this locals heaven. The burgers are ridiculous!  Griled and fresh and only made once you order.
5	Still the best burger joint in Vegas
5	Finally gave this place a try after driving by it numerous times and joked about eating there.  And then it happened. Fat Boy is a tiny little restaurant that is hidden in East Las Vegas. The place seats about 15 people - it definitely has this homey, only-for-locals kind of feel to it. I had a guacamole cheeseburger with fat fries, and the boyfriend had a chicken burrito with chencho fries.  I was half expecting the food to be overrated, but I was amazed at how fresh my burger was!  And how much I love my fries!!! I ADORE FAT FRIES!!!  The fries have these seasonings on them that just make them super yummy!  And they were FAT and huge!  The Chencho fries were covered with a green salsa and onions and cheese; it was yummy enough - a bit fattening though. I have suggested to return to this place numerous times after the first encounter, and that is pretty rare for me.  Enjoy!
5	This place is right around the corner of my house. A friend and I went in and tried this place out. I had a double with cheese and bacon. Everything was fresh. My friend is a butcher. Even he says it was very fresh. Go in try a burger you won't be disappointed. There fries have not impressed me yet. I have not had a pizza yet. Soon I suppose. After I get burned out of these awesome burgers.
5	My little brother and I decided we were hungry, so I quickly yelped what was near me, and Fat Boy was one of the first to show on my nearby list.  I quickly read a couple of reviews and found that all were 5-stars. My curiosity sky-rocketed, I looked up the menu online, and we called in to order. (They were going to close in 20 minutes, but were still undoubtedly happy to take & make my order. THUMBS UP!)WHEN: They are open & available from 10am-9pm. Dine in, take-out, delivery!WHAT WE HAD:-Guacamole Boyger: This was my pic, and yayyy!! I did it!! This burger was satisfactory indeed!!! If you are a fan of avocado, this should be your pick!-Hawaiian Boyger: This was my brother's choice and of course I had to snag a bite!! This burger was like CRACK! I seriously wish I chose this burger as my first pick! It had the perfect amount of pineapple, plus that bbq sauce! Gotta love that bbq sauce on a burger!-Chencho fries: Now this is a must try!!! You can choose either fat or skinny fries! It is drenched in that delicious green sauce and covered in melted mozzarella! NUM NUM NUMWHY: You will not be disappointed!!*NOTE: I was chatting it up with the dude that worked there, and I was explaining what yelp was to him. He said he gets a lot of yelpers!! Muahaha, YELPERS SPREAD LOVE!
5	I came here with my friend and was craving wings. I was a first timer and she's here  a couple of times. I got wings and fries with a soda. The fat fries are really good! They made everything to order. My friend got the chencho fries and they were really good! Different from just Carne Asada fries. Overall it was okay but the guys were super nice.It was Hot in the restaurant so that kind of sucked.Their menu was extensive and I wanted to try everything.The wings weren't spicy and were pretty tiny.I give it a five just because the guys were nice.And I loved the fat fries.TIP! get the chencho fries in a burrito! They'll special make it!
4	Defintely will be visiting this place again!! Followed fellow yelpers there and is did not disappoint. Great fresh burgers at good prices. Any place that offers FAT or skinny fries is good in my book. I need to try those Chencho fries next, they look good. Only drawback is its on the opposite side of town and is really small.
5	Great burger and fries!!
5	Fatboys is AMAZING. Abel the owner and his wife are such hard workers. They're always in the kitchen ready to take care of you. Abel knows our orders off the top of his head, he really cares about his customers.The burgers are GREAT. We always get the bacon cheeseburger. Seriously, every single bite is perfection. You get an even amount of everything on your burger and it's portioned perfectly. The fat fries are great too. This place is great, eat here!
5	Thank you again fellow yelpers for pointing me to this amazing burger joint. I had the pastrami boyger was best burger  I've had in years!!!!! My son even enjoyed it and he does not like to many things so that is saying a lot.
4	Here's the deal, Fat Boy's is awesometacular. It is totally deserving of the 5 Star Rating it has here. It is incredibly close to my house, located in a strip mall off of Stewart and Lamb. Not the greatest location ever, but hey, it's close to me so that makes me happy (and afraid for my waist line). I arrived around 6 PM on a Friday night, there were two guys working behind the counter. I had already decided what I wanted before I got there so I had no need to look at the menu. I was taking my order to go so I gave one of the guys my order and he started cooking it up (YEP! they put the burger on the grill AFTER you order it). Then the other guy there rang me up and got me my drink cup.I ordered: Guac BOYger, Chencho Fries, and a Soda - to go.I am disappointed. My fries were not chencho fries, but the "fat fries". :( They were still good though, and the burger was pretty good too. Small, but had a great taste and was cooked perfectly. Not sure what happened, guess the guy I gave my order to just hear "fat fries" and not "chencho fries"? Oh well, I'll definitely be getting them the next time I go back, which I'm sure will be relatively soon. As for the GUAC boyger, I think I'll try a different burger next time. It was good, but I definitely saw the dude put the guac on my burger and it came out of a squirty bag thing. Soooo, not fresh guac here which is kinda disappointing. I'm kinda picky about my guac, so out-of-the-bag versions don't really sit well with me.However, I do plan on return trips here. It's good food, it's made to order, and it's relatively cheap!
4	We was hungry and in an area not familiar with when it came to food. I whipped out the yelp app, saw the high ratings, so added Fat Boy to my bookmarks.  I have to give them a call before heading out, closing at 7 pm on a Saturday night seemed weird, and it was almost 9 luckily they were open till 10.I kinda knew we was going to enjoy the food just from the many pictures of happy customers all over the walls. I ordered Guacamole Boyger and sis ordered the Guacamole Boyger meal with fat fries. While waiting I keep reading Fat Boy yelp reviews and one thing that came up a few times was the Chencho fries (fat/skinny) and of course I couldn't have left without ordering some. The Guacamole Boygers tasted really good and I especially loved the beef patty, I'm pretty sure it had jalapeno peppers or some think spicy in them.  The Chencho fries with cheese and all the additional ingredients were skinny fries which was good but because my sis had ordered fat fries I just stole some and made my Chencho fries great.  You should really order the Chencho fries fat, it takes another 5 mins or so but better than skinny. I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews, maybe the location is out of the way for someone like me, but it is definitely a place to try.I noticed they also make Boyrritos, pizzas, and wings, deliver and also have a facebook. And sell some Fat Boy merchandise.
3	Alright so I bought a milkshake, A double cheese-burger and some chicken fingers.They forgot my ranch, which is ok because my fatass doesn't need it.I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5, or a 7 out of 10, or a 49 out of 70 or a 77 out of 110. I'd recommend it if you live on the East Side/Sunrise of Vegas.It was good, but it was alright ya know. It's like watching a good movie on Netflix on a really boring night. It's like the 2nd Fast and the Furious movie. You're like, "I think I've seen this before." But can't really point it out.Not better than Passion of the Christ. Definitely not better than the Lethal Weapon 4.
4	Had to do an update for Fat Boy.This go-round I enjoyed their pizzas delivered! Yes indeedy, they do delivery... To my house anyway. ;)Here's the scoop, we got 3 large pizzas and an order of mild wings. The delivery took just about 40 minutes. The guys delivering were super nice and the pizzas were damn good. I really liked the wings though. Would I order from them again? Yep! Especially gotta get those chicken wings!
5	Love yelp for this reason. I travel quite a nit with my husband. I'm  usually in charge of finding the restaurants.  I prefer to go to the local spots which usually has the best food at good prices. Fat Boy delivered! Real jalapeno cheeseburger with clench fries!!!! AMAZING! my hubby went for the double bacon cheeseburger....a monster of a burger! So yummy cheap fast and friendly service. I was mad that I was too full to order the chicken and bean boyrrito!
4	Good burger...Not great but good. Chencho Fries were amaaaaaaaazing!!!! I'd definetly go back...Owners were really friendly!
5	I friggin love the Chencho fries!! This place is amazing & cheap.The Hawaian BOYger is dank too. Must try when visiting Vegas.
4	The reviews said it was a good burger, and that's what we got!  We came early Sunday mid morning and found the place empty.  We looked over the menu and placed our order for two burgers with fries. The burger is not huge, but the meat patty was thick, cooked perfectly and had great seasoning.  The burger was delicious.  I would love to try it again.
4	Good stuff!!  Loved the burger and will definitely be back when on that side of town.  I wanted to give the Chencho fries a whirl, but it would have been too much to eat and the Burger was at the top of my list.The dining room area is small, but I found it to be clean and well kept.  The kitchen is quite open to the dining room and, at first glance, appeared very clean and organized too.  I will certainly return again.
3	After reading reviews, I thought I'd give Fat Boy a chance.  I arrived about 11:20 am and the place was empty except for the 2 workers that were sitting at a table and were eating.  I was not greeted or welcomed and I grabbed a menu and set down at a table to decide what I wanted.  I ordered a hamburger and skinney fries and the lady fixed my order while the male continued to eat.  I was given an empty cup and got my own drink from the drink dispenser, the food came at a reasonable time, and I ate my food.  The hamburger was thicker than what you get a most places with a nice slice of tomato and onion.  The fries were ok, nothing special.  I did not order the special fries, but  wished I had after eating.  I was told thank you by the lady as I was leaving but nothing was said to me while eating or was I ever acknowledged otherwise.  I was given a bottle of ketchup, but I did not see nor was I given a fork for my fries and did not see any anywhere.  There was no salt, condiments, or extra napkins on the table.  My burger was OK, but not anything special that would make me think this was a great place  If this review had any positive results, I would hope it would be that the owners see and read my review and see how important it would be to be friendlier, acknowledge their customers, and ask if everything is OK and do I need anything else....if they want me to return.  I also believe that every place needs to be given a chance and if you eat there and enjoy it...post it and when I see positive comments, I'll give them another try....It may have been an off day.
5	Awesome Burgers!!!! I've recently started ordering other things on menu and can't decide what is my favorite menu item.It's all so Good!!!!The new Chencho Quesadilla is "Da Bomb"I drive from across the valley to come here when I crave it.
4	After reading all of the rave reviews and seeing a photo of a dripping Cheese Boyger, I was eager to try the food at this little eatery.  I took along Diane, another male friend who is always game to try a new top burger, and his burger-loving wife.  Even though the establishment wouldn't make any burgers medium rare, all of us were very satisfied with our burgers.  My Cheese Boyger with everything featured a quarter-pound beef patty prepared medium well, cool pickles, lettuce, a large slice of fresh tomato, relish, mustard, chipotle mayonnaise, and melted American Cheese on a soft bun, and I added some available Heinz Tomato Ketchup.  There was little American Cheese inside but the burger was still quite tasty.  I also enjoyed Chencho Fat Fries that contained chopped chicken, Green Sauce, and melted Mozzarella Cheese spread over the fries.  I noted that the soft fries themselves absorbed some liquid from the other ingredients.But I was really most impressed with my Wet Boyrrito with Beef, Red Sauce & Beans on the inside, and Mozzarella Cheese and Green Sauce on the outside.  This was one of the best burritos I have had outside of Southern California.  The Green Sauce was real good and zesty but not too spicy, small cubes of steak inside had a grilled flavor, the beans were small and tasty, and some of the Mozzarella Cheese melted nicely on top of the fairly large burrito.  I will likely come back for this.So, while the Cheese Boyger and Chencho Fries did not blow me away, the Wet Boyrrito was a nice surprise.  And, I liked that the friendly cooks were willing to prepare a Boyrrito just as a diner would like it (e.g., with or without rice, beans, beef, or chicken, and with Red Sauce, Green Sauce, or no sauce).The place is a small and unassuming storefront situated in the middle of a strip mall.  But it is comfortable enough, and free refills are allowed for fountain soft drinks.  Above all, the freshly prepared food is excellent, which should count the most.  I, too, am now a fan!  4-1/2 Stars!
5	I've been frequenting this EASTCYDE eatery every since my eyes gandered at its' Yelp review.  Add another diamond in the rough. My usual is a double cheese boyger w/ fries and a 500 ml bottled Coke.  I changed it up with this past order. I opted for the Philly Cheese Steak.  Adding the Philly Cheese Steak to my favorites. The steak is grilled perfectly and has the right amount of makings for a solid-well-made cheese steak. I'm also a fan of their Buns which are delivered bakery fresh daily. Fat steak fries combos nicely with whatever you're stuffing your face with...EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!! Great service: Today I ordered a fairly big order for pick-up. The homie did that order quick style! It took me less than 15 minutes to get there from work, and my order was ready to go. Great service yallz!Solid food Fat Boy!!! I'm glad there is another great eatery coming out of the EASTCYDE. Will continue the support.
4	Today we felt like a good juicy burger and since it was during the week, which was a treat for myself and my husband, we decided to head over to Fat Boy for a good burger.  I ordered the double bacon with cheese, I know it sound like a lot, but I love burgers!  It was cooked medium well but remained very moist, with the juices running down my hand, in between my fingers as I took my first bite.  I love the addition of the tomato, pickles and shredded lettuce.  Of course my husband had the monster burger and had to order the Chencho fries.  The thick cut potato strips where cooked crispy, lightly golden, and then smothered in green chili, chicken, and cheese.  All melted and gooey.  It was a good addition to the meal.
5	It was sooooo good. Chencho fries were bomb-not too spicy, which I like. Also had a cheeseBOYger w/bacon. All made fresh, with friendly staff, great prices, and free drink refills-what's not to like? Maybe the location, but if this place was anywhere fancy-the prices wouldn't be as low. Will definitely be back next time we are craving burgers!
4	We ate here after printing out a special on Groupon. My hubster had 2 cheese boygers, my son had a quesadilla and I had a cheese boyger too plus we ordered the chencho fries. It was the best cheeseburger I've eaten in a long while and didn't leave us burping up a nasty after taste like In n Out. The burgers here remind me of the burger drive-inns in Cali. The chencho fries were too salty for my taste but overall I can see why everyone thinks they are delicious. It was about a 30 minute drive for us and it's a good thing we don't live close otherwise we would be here all the time which could be a bad thing as I saw they had pastrami sandwiches on the menu and I bet they are fantabulous. Next time we go back, I will have to try it.
5	Yelp! This place is the business! I posted pictures. The food is muah! Stop in today and feed your face. I had the burger N fries and I must say its not your regular burger N fries. The meat is 100% the fries are huge thick cut fries with a they so good you will slap ya mama.
2	Oy! Sooo salty! The burgs are definitely meaty, but whoa! Can't get over how salty, like lip-puckeringly so.
4	Last night me and my girlfriend were in the mood for a giant juicy burger. We walked into Fat Boy and was instantly blown away by the delicious smell. I got the double cheese boyger w/ bacon and chencho fries. All of our food was at the table less than 10 mins, but that doesn't take from its quality. The burger was 10/10!! We prob said "oh my god" after every bite. The meat/bacon was cooked to perfection. The bun was fantastic as well. I'm a big fan of GOOD ranch dressing, and I was not let down. Dipping the burger/fries into the ranch and drowning it down with Coke was heaven! Only complaint was the chencho fries were "too wet" for our tastes. I have no idea why I took me so long to come here, living 5 minutes away couldn't be better. I will definitely frequent here more often.
3	To be filed in the 'shady part of town' category, I recently visited Fat Boy Restaurant in the north east part of town. You can thank me now; I risked life and limb to increase my cholesterol level and try one more burger for you all to read about. I came across Fat Boy in a recent Yelp post about burgers along with a few other oddball places that are high on my list to try. It's not very often that I drive into the depths of North Las Vegas for anything, let alone a burger, so this better have been worth it. Was it?The restaurant itself is small, with only 6 tables and a counter that separates the dining area from the twice as big kitchen area behind it. Do not expect anything fancy when coming here, but I doubt you would after what you've just driven through to get there or by opening your eyes and looking at the half-deserted strip mall it resides in. The owners decided to play off the word 'boy' in their menu, which is in everything from their boyrritos (burritos) to boygers (burgers). The menu also has wings, pizza, Philly cheese steaks, and almost anything else you can think of.I thought I would keep it fairly simple and ordered the double Boyger meal, complete with everything: mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, relish and mustard. Now it may be the relish talking, but if there was a contest to replicate the Fatburger burger this would win hands down. The patties had great beef flavor, not quite as peppery and crispy as a Fatburger would be, but still very good. The bun was a bit thin but grilled nice and crispy, and proportioned perfectly. The toppings were all fresh, well-proportioned and complemented each other, a lot like a Fatburger would be with everything on it. Overall this was a surprise meal based on my surroundings and the loud Mexican accordion music playing in the background.My fat fries were good; seasoned with something I couldn't quite identify, probably a typical fry seasoning. They were mostly cooked well, with a couple slightly soggy ones as often happens with fat fries. The portion wasn't that big, probably the only downside to the meal. The price for a combo meal comes in at $6.98, which is probably half of what it would have cost for the same thing at Fatburger. If you love that exact flavor and are willing to take a drive then definitely come check this place out. If you've had enough of Fatburger and don't need to try the same thing, or just don't want to risk getting carjacked, you may want to avoid Fat Boy.
4	Been here before and will go again. Its nice to have a good burger joint that you can feel like they remember you. My boyfriend always has a double monster burger that they have customized for him. Extra jalapenos make it spicy for him. And they always remember. Me? I am having fun trying the different burgers and sandwiches. The pastrami is to die for, the cheese boyger was excellent and the chenco fries will give you a heart attack but you will die with a smile on your face!Super casual atmosphere and people behind the counter who are always nice. I know why they get such great ratings, they have earned them.Just wish they had a bigger eating area and a restroom, no other changes needed!
5	These burgers are...Hear me people....TO DIE FOR.Oh my GOD these burgers are soooooooo good! I posted pictures upon my first visit a few months ago feel free to take a look. Upon this visit I was killing myself eating the husband looks at me and says...Baby did you get your pictures for yelp.com? LMAO I had a mouth full of burger so I just shook my head ...NO. Now yall know its good when you forget to take pictures....LOL The staff are extra kind the building is extra clean and the food is well how shall I say  OH my its pure pleasure to your toung and gums and yo belly when you eat this burger. The fries are steak fries! OMG I think I may go get one or two at this very moment Ive made myself quite hungry :) These burgers are so good you will STAB somebody!
5	I just happened to drive by this hole in the wal place and tried it one day. The burgers were amazing! That was over a year ago, Ive been going bad atleast once a week since. The staff is super friendly and the food speaks for itself. Try the chencho fires!!
4	A solid little non-chain burger joint in the northeast part of town? Did I dream it? Nope, Fat Boy is real and it is as greaseball and delicious as it gets!I live over here, so the trek to Fat Boy isn't far for me and lucky me, I'm within delivery distance. SORRY PANTS. For those who live anywhere else, Fat Boy is a bit of a drive and in what some would consider a dicey area of town, but really, have no fear! This place is legit. This is a literal hole in the wall that sits in a sad little strip mall with a laundromat, tire/repair shop and a bar. There's nothing fancy about the decor, but there's no time for fancy when your food is good. I've only had two things here: the chencho fries and the burger and they are both craveable. The chencho fries are basically the perfect drunk food: fries smothered in cheese and green chile sauce. You can get either the fat or skinny fries and I recommend the fat fries because I feel like I got more cheese/sauce, which is what you want! There are about four or five different kinds of burgers with your average toppings, but the execution is above average. The bread is toasted and the burgers are cooked to perfection and actually taste like beef. I know that's a weird thing to expect out of a burger, for it to taste like beef, but it was a delicious surprise in this age of fake, overly processed everything. These burgers are simple because they can afford to be.I suggest you bring cash, not because there's any identity theft going on but because the last couple of times I went they were having major technical difficulties with the card machine. Cash makes the world go round anyway and is better for small businesses. Fat Boy is a great little neighborhood operation!
5	It exceeded my expectations by a mile. I had the pastrami boyger with chencho fries. Best part about it is the fact that you dont feel a disgusting greasy after-effect. Service was on point as well...absolutely a return spot!
4	All these other burger spots getting love and I realized I've never reviewed Fat Boy. Four juicy solid stars. The only reason to drive to this side of town is for this damn burger and fries. Chencho Fries that is.Location: Shit location in a shit part of town. I don't care. I think I'm tough even though I am a short white girl who cries at Kodak commercials. Get real. Any neighborhood could be bad at any given time of day. This place is JUST FINE. The burgers taste like a backyard burger straight off the grill done RIGHT. Perfectly seasoned and the patty is not smashed or too thick. Both my biggest complaints about a burger. They don't even call it a burger because it's so cool. They call it a Boyger. Yeah boyeee! It's really nothing fancy, but it's exactly and I mean exactly how I like my burger. Please don't come here if you are expecting fancy. This sure ain't no supper club.The fries. I swear the Chencho fries deserve MAD love. Like Quentin Tarantino movie love. Uma could order them and be eating them and then BOOM a huge ass ninja fight! Or cowboy zombie fight! I don't care, but some fight with the fries and the green chile sauce and melted cheese flying through the air in slow motion. I wouldn't wait for Redbox for that shit. Do it proper if you order these. You have a choice: Thin or thick fries. I went with thin and asked for exra crispy to hold up with the toppings cuz that's how I roll. PROPER FUCKING FRIES, SON.Okay, I'm done. Just make the drive because it's cheap, it's real and even though I only went once I have thought about going about 100 more times....
4	I would go as far to say that this is THE best burger you will eat in it's price range $3-4! Would be one of the best under $10 for sure.The burgers are fatty and juicy, just like they should be.  There is a nice crisp to the edges of the burger that add flavor and consistency...same with the bread.  It is most similar to In N Out, at least in comparison to other burger joints IMO.  They have a real home cooked taste. and it is very enjoyable.  Check out the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fat-boy-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#9wpGkgWHLEg4sOX5uNnFawOrdered the chencho fries since everyone said to try them.  Sorry, didn't do much for me.  They come with chicken, cheese, and green chili on top of them, but the chicken is super tiny, and not grilled or anything, so they get lost in the sauce.  Grilling the chicken would add a nice consistency to the meat, but this is more like chicken in a can style.   I really like green chili, but I guess I don't really enjoy it on my french fries, and they got soggy pretty fast.  They weren't bad, but I wouldn't order them again.Also, I asked for no lettuce/tom/onion on my burger, and they forgot about it.  Not a huge deal, but I haven't had an order wrong for quite some time.And the neighborhood blows.  I won't hold it against them, but I doubt I will eat here after sundown LOL.   I will definitely be back when the sun is shining though!
5	Great food and service!
4	Dont you just love the bookmark feature?It's lunch time so I check my bookmarks and what do you know? Fat Boy is right down the street. So off I go!As I come in I hear Mexican music playing in the background. While looking at the menu on the wall, the lady behind the counter greets me in Spanish. I dont blame her cuz I kind of look like im Mexican. For a second there I almost ordered El Pastor tacos. LOL.So I ask the nice lady what was good since it was my first time. She said to go with the combo of the single Boyger, Chencho Fries and Small Drink. CHEN WHAT? She smiles at me and says, "Chencho Fries: Your choice of fat or skinny fries topped with cheese, chicken bits, and a green sauce." Ok! Combo it is!I take a bite of the Boyger. I had to do a double take. Am I at Fatburger or Fat Boy? It tastes just like theirs but I paid 6 bucks and some change instead of 10 bucks or more. Now that I can get with. As for their Chencho fries, its basically an enchilada but with potato sticks instead. What I found out was that you should eat it right away because it tends to get soggy over time and it doesnt matter if you get it with fat or skinny fries. So if you are into green sauce, this will sure hit the spot!Besides burgers, these guys have wings, chicken fingers and pizza. Not to mention sandwiches, boyrritos, and combination plates. Their pizzas must be good because when I was eating my food, this lady comes in and picks up 5 pizzas to go. The minus 1 star is for their location. They are situated in one of many suites of one big building. The part of town they are in is kind of suspect. I can only assume what characters may come out at night. Some random info: They take cards and from what I noticed, there is no minimum. They have a decent soda fountain so you should be able to get your refills' worth. They got I would say about 6 small tables so if its packed, dont let it discourage you. You can always take it to go. There is a bathroom but you have to ask and then walk through the kitchen towards the back. Kind of awkward if you ask me but if you gotta go, you gotta go!So whenever I have a Fatburger craving, im yelling out "Fat Boy!" because nobody  wants to eat at "Skinny Boy".
3	It was pretty good. I would like to see them use a diffrent bun for there burgers. Grocery store bought buns sucked.  They should order them from another local business like great buns, fresh daily,  it kinda took away from the flavor of the HB. Also the hamburgers we order were really over cooked and over seasoned. The mark of an inexperianced cook, remember ground beef only needs to reach.155  degree's for 15 seconds not 15 hrs. I give FAT BOY 3 stars. Given its location the inside of the restaurant is very clean the people are great very friendly.  I will go back. I hope they make some changes. They really should get 3 1/2 stars because all ingredients were fresh except the buns.
4	Great burger!! If you are a burgerholic like me this is a good one..check it!! Meat is cooked fast and hot that leaves crisp's around the meat but still so jucy...I know burgers and this is a good one..
5	This local business is getting it done. For less than the price of a king or clown burger you get a real, authentic, down home burger made the way you like it.Excellent onion rings too. OK so you have to get out of your car but it's worth the effort.One of the best cheap eats in the valley.
4	Went to Fatboy to get a turkey burger today and it was pretty good & the price $2.99 was even better....also had the chencho fries which were also good & cost $2.99...overall I had a good experience & I will return to try something else from their menu.
5	2nd time here in a week  The Chencho Fries & a Double Cheese burger !!!!
5	The family and I came here today.  I ordered the guacamole boyger with the chencho skinny fries.  My brother ordered the the pastrami boyger and also the same fries.  We asked for the burgers to be cut in half because we wanted to share and I'm glad we did.  Both boygers were awesome!  Fries were great! Will be back for sure.  We were a party of 8 and they accommodated all of us in there perfectly.  Great customer service.
5	Delicious food, awesome service, and Mr. Pibb...what more could you want?!?!
5	Best burger joint I've had in Vegas (which is, admittedly, few), but it stands up to the best in LA.  The fare is effectively a riff on Fatburger, but they've done a much better job and introduced a Mexican food twist to the cuisine if you desire.  Not only can you get one of the best and most affordable burgers in Vegas, but you can get a take out pizza for $6.  Unheard of.
5	Great little establishment and great food. Best double cheese burger I had in a great while. I will definitely be back!  Fresh buns, fresh meat (not frozen) and fresh veggies! Well worth it and if your in a hurry call ahead for pick up.
4	The burgers were delicious!!! Meaty and cheesy, and great flavor. I unfortunately, didn't care for the chencho fries, the sauce had a very strong lime flavor, which I personally thought was a little odd. I will definitely be back for a juicy burger, but will order regular fries next time. My husbands fried mushrooms were pretty tasty. FYI, there is limited seating in here, you may want to get it to go.
5	When I lived in California I was always a fan of the smaller burger joints. I rarely like to visit a chain restaurant to eat there. I had been on the hunt for a family owned, divey burger joint and this place would come up over and over in conversations with friends and family. I finally decided to venture into this place when I moved to the east side. At first site, the establishment does not look that inviting because of the surrounding businesses. When you walk in, a very lovely pleasent aroma of hamburgers and pizza fills the air.You are greeted warmly by the staff everytime and if you come often enough, they remember your name and order. The menu has a good variety of burgers, hot sandwhiches and pizza. Also, they have the notoriously delicisous Chencho Fries! You get to choose from skinny fries or fat fries which really amazed me at the fact that I had a choice. They are covered with green chili and melted cheese which makes for a delicious flavor profile. When someone asks for a recommendation for a good burger joint, people will usually say places like Bachi Burger or Gordon Ramsay's BRGR but THIS is my go to spot. There is nothing like a simple, undercomplicated burger!
4	I went here yesterday mainly for my family. I for health reasons am on a strict vegetarian diet. They do have vegetarian options. My boyfriend and his daughter loved there sandwich and burger. I ordered the bean burrito and the Chinchilla fries. I didnt like either. But I was afraid to go with there vegetarian burger. Cause Ive had some that were so bad that I couldn't even eat them. Which is the case in most restaurants.  Also I am a very picky eater. My boyfriend and most of my family are chefs. So for us to give a good rating is a good thing. lol Anyways as I was leaving they gave me a vegetarian burger to try. I just ate it and I have to say that vegetarian burger was off the hook. I really should have ordered that and the regular fries. Anyways I am a fan now. That was the best vegetarian burger ive ever had. I will defiantly be back.:)
5	After reading a Yelp review I thought I'd stop by for a burger.  Not far from where I live.  I'm a senior and eat out fairly often.  I didn't expect to be impressed, but WOW.  A joy to have an inexpensive lunch (Hit the tip jar) by a family owned establishment.  Adjectives?  Prideful, quality, friendly service from a family owned eatery!  Going back today with two friends!
5	Me and Fat Boy go back. We go waaaay back. I am pretty confident I was one of the first 1000, if not 500 customers ever at Fat Boy. I was born and raised on the East side, when a new food spot opens, I know about it. Plus they were/are big supporters of car clubs, and the local neighborhood in general. So yesterday while cruising around the old hood, it was one of 2 choices for me. Fat Boy won. Right off top they remembered us, AND what we usually order. Please note its been anywhere from 8 months to a year since I have been here. My bf and I brought his friend with us who was a newbie. I told him the entire menu is good, but a solid choice will always be a burger. EXCUSE ME, a BOYGER. Many choices, Cheeseboyger, Pastrami boyger, Bacon boyger. All come standard with mayo, lettuce, pickle, tomato and onion I believe, but they will customize it how you want. (my 2 favs are the bacon or pastrami) They also had no problem switching out my fries to a side salad in the combo. However, if you're a first timer, I say go for the chencho fries. I know some other yelpers weren't too impressed HOWEVER I think they are crazy and these fries are golden! You have the choice of fat or skinny. I always go with the fat, as they load them up with chile verde sauce, chicken, and melted white cheese which I believe to be jack but not 100% sure. They are better if you dine in, as they tend to get a little soggy in an unvented togo container.The pizza is decent. They make the dough from scratch. Pretty much everything is made that way here. I personally haven't tried it, but a good friend said the beef mix plate is one of those things you eat and go home and take a nap after. The wings and fingers are also bomb, don't be a pu**y and go for the hot sauce. It is also made there and has this special tang to it.  I know the east side isn't known for its food spots. But don't let the area fool you. This mom and pop joint is a local business you won't regret supporting. They are finally out there and known, and I couldn't be happier for them!
4	I got a cheese boyger and some chencho fries... it was amazing! Everything is made to order so it's fresh. There's not a lot of dining room area so if you're rollin' deep be prepared to run out of room. The boyger itself reminded me of an In and Out burger. I highly recommend this place.
5	Let me start by saying this place is in no way conveniently located for me, but I would travel across the Vegas valley over and over again for their tasty cuisine. We happened to be in the area and stumbled across Fat Boy after a co-worker's search on Yelp. There were five in our group and we could not agree on a place to eat and turned to Yelp. All five of us left Fat Boy in utter amazement.We were greeted with a smile and had all of our questions regarding the menu answered. The dining area is kind of small and was crowded upon our arrival. Space opened up quickly and we bellied up to the table in anticipation of our feast, when we quickly realized we forgot to order the highly recommended "Chencho Fries."  With a holler back to the kitchen, our request to "upgrade" our fries was graciously accepted and the transformation began. When the food arrived at the table, my jaw just about dropped to the floor (which was actually a good thing, because I needed every bit of clearance I could get to fit this mouth watering masterpiece into my mouth). I ordered a Monster Double Cheeseboyger with bacon and boy was it a Monster! The patties were handmade, like you would expect to find at a family bbq. No pre-fab circle patties around here. The bun was toasted to perfection and the supporting cast of veggies and bacon was fantastic. This is quite possibly the best cheeseburger I have ever eaten and I have eaten plenty. The Chencho Fries definitely lived up to the hype we read on Yelp, as did the entire experience. It was so good, we contemplated ordering another burger, but opted to wait for a return trip. Located at the NE corner of Lamb and Stewart, this jewel is tucked into a small strip mall and could easily be overlooked. If you are into burgers, I highly recommend you give Fat Boy a try. There were numerous other items on the menu including wings and pizza, but I was in search of a burger. Next time I'll try to save room for a Fat Boy milkshake.
5	After a five star experience with co-workers, I opted to take the family for a five star adventure of their own. After all the hype about how good my burger was the first time, my son chose a carne asada burrito. It was good, but if you are going to Fat Boy for the first time, I recommend a "Boyger". The burrito was more on the "Americanized" side, but good none the less. The ladies got burgers and were very impressed. I kept my word and saved room for a milkshake this time. We got a chocolate and a vanilla and split them four ways. Definitely enough for four people. They were both outstanding. Even the milkshakes here are some of the best I've ever had.We arrived around brunch time on a Sunday and there was absolutely no waiting. The service was as friendly and efficient as last time. A few customers came in to pick up their phone orders while we were dining. Phone orders would be a great idea during the week, especially if you are under the gun with limited time for lunch.Two visits and two five-star ratings. I'm a big fan of Fat Boy.
4	Good food and cheap prices? Sounds like a winner to me! I came here with my friend and shared chencho fries. She got a cheese boyger and I got a turkey boyger. Chencho fries: fries in salsa and cheese, we got an egg on top too. It was an interesting concept, different from anything I've tried. I thought these were alright. The person at the register said people like to put pastrami. I think it could have used some meat and maybe some sour creamTurkey boyger: very flavorful and cheap! I really liked it. It was juicy and I enjoyed the sauce!My friend seemed happy with her burger too. I think I'll come back and try the pastrami burger, it sounded interesting.
5	Went for lunch on 11-1-13 around 1:00 pm, no one inside. We all had different items on the menu to include the double cheese boyger, double monster cheese boyger, chicken wings (hot) and a wet burrito with red sauce. Chencho fries and regular fries. All items were good but the stand out here are the boygers made fresh to order and very tasty. The double monster is huge, had to share it to finish it. Staff was friendly and attentive even when they got busy after about 20 minutes. Don't pay $16-$20 on the strip for a burger that is not his good. Worth the trip but you will need a car. I will be back here.
5	This is the absolute best burger joint I've ever been to in my entire life. The burgers aren't big like the burgers at fancy restaurants, but they're better this way. The buns are crispy on the inside. The patties are tender and crunchy on the outside. The ingredients are tasty and fresh. The chencho fries, my god, those chencho fries are immaculate. Just go already, you won't regret it.
5	This was the second time my partners and I have visited Fatboy. Our initial visit resulted in full bellies and big smiles! This time we actually drove out of our way to experience this dining masterpiece! Once again we were met with great service, friendly smiles, and exceptional food.I am a glutton for punishment so I once again decided to have a double monster boyger with cheese and bacon. This time however I added an egg! If your are faint of heart do not attempt to eat this entire burger, as it should (could) be shared. This tiny little restaurant has quite possibly the best burger I have ever eaten. Maybe someday I'll try one of the other items on the menu. I'm sure they are yummy as well'
4	I'd heard from a couple of coworkers about Fat Boy, and after I saw the good reviews on Yelp I knew I had to try them out. It doesn't hurt that they're fairly close to my apartment.Super, SUPER glad I finally got to finally try them out tonight.My girlfriend and I went in at about 7:30p - with four people already at tables eating, the place seemed half full; there's not a huge amount of seating in there. It's very much a hole in the wall, but not run down or even remotely divey. It's very well-lit, and the dining area is kept very clean. The menu is posted on the wall, but we were quickly given printed menus at the counter, which contain a few items that aren't on the wall menu. The burger prices may seem a tiny bit steep at first, but when you compare them to fast food they really aren't that much different. The clerk/cook was very friendly, and quick to apologize for our short wait.I ordered a Monster Boyger, my girl ordered the Double Cheese Boyger combo, and we shared an order of the Chencho Fries; I also had to indulge in a bottle of Mexican Coke to wash it all down. Everything was just stupid delicious. I've already told a few people that the burger is my favorite in town; seasoned well, stacked but not overloaded with toppings, and HUGE. You can definitely taste that they're homemade. The Chencho Fries were just as good, though next time we may add some bacon or something just a little salty to the spiciness.I can't give it the full five stars, as I haven't gotten the chance to try any of their pizza or other sandwiches; if those are as good as their burgers, that extra star may get added sooner rather than later. Definitely skip your normal fast food burger place and go here instead!
5	Have a craving for a delish burger with fresh ingredients ?COME HERE!!!!The only thing that bothered me was that I had NO idea this place existed. The bread was warm and incredibly soft, the patty well grilled and tasty and forget the chencho fries.....what? your mind will be extremely confused but happy you tried it.Yes, it is a small establishment, and it may be hard to find sitting during peak hours, but service is fast and people are pleasant. You can definitely feed a family of four for about 25 dollars, and everyone will be FULL and HAPPY!! Almost 20 years on the east side and just discovered this little burger-heaven......I had the double boyger with guacamole and my husband the Hawaiian boyger with a friend egg, both extremely tasty!!! Will definitely come back
5	AMBIANCE: Clean, tidy & tiny, Mexican hole-in-the-wall burger place. Not too many peeps around to bug ya, also which is awesome! SERVICE: Service was great! The employees were really helpful, since it was my first time eating there. Of course, they speak Spanish & English!! Caterin' to that hungry crowd! FOOD: Boygers are awesome, I had the Hawaiian Boyger and Chencho fries, which were hot and delicious. They give you good portion sizes, and the prices are extremely, extremely cheap. They have a lot of specials, which are on the updated menu I attached!! Love this place, can't wait to go back :)
5	Originally hubby and I were going to try a different place, but it was too packed so I decided to look up what was nearby on the yelp app. I had Fat Boy bookmarked and it was only a couple of blocks from where we tried to eat first, so we headed to Fat Boy.Walking inside there wasn't much space and there were plenty of customers. There are maybe 4 or 5 tables and we were lucky enough after ordering to snatch one up. The food is made to order and since it was busy we had to wait our turn for our food to come out, but I was patient since it smelled of yummy pizza throughout the place and the vibe inside was awesome.I asked the man who took our order if the bacon was made fresh since this would alter if I would order it or not. He said that indeed was! I ordered a "BLT Sandwich" priced at just $3.24 for the sandwich by itself, or $6.23 to make it a combo with fries and a drink. I made mine a combo and substituted regular fries for "Chencho Fries" which was a very smart decision. The BLT came out on a burger bun with fresh shredded lettuce, tomato and mayo. I was surprised at the amount of bacon on the sandwich for the price. I was pleased with the flavor of the BLT and would happily order it again with a little extra mayo. You can order the Chencho Fries with skinny or fat fries. The cashier suggested the skinny fries so I went with that and hubby had the fat fries with his. The Chencho Fries have a little bit of chicken with green sauce and cheese. Yum! I loved these fries! Get over here and try these fries! Hubby had a "Pastrami Boyger" and couldn't stop talking about how good the pastrami was so we came back a couple days later for dinner again!This time hubby went with a full on "Pastrami Sandwich" and loved it. I knew after smelling the pizza a couple days before that I had to give it a try. They have a pick-up only special where you can get a 14" one topping pizza for $5.49 so I was all over that! I ordered a cheese pizza and a side of ranch to dip it in. The owner (turns out this was who took our order the first time) came over to our table and talked to me about the pizza and how he makes the dough from scratch everyday. The pizza was cheesy and the sauce and crust tasted great. I just can't believe how good it tastes for such a great price. I don't live near Fat Boy, but it's worth the drive and I will absolutely be back! They offer a good variety of menu options from pizza, boygers, wings, fingers, salads, sandwiches, milkshakes, bottled drinks and fountain drinks. They also offer boyrritos, tacos, quesadillas, enchiladas and even serve breakfast! They have different specials and family deals too.
5	This is my new favorite place to eat. If you like pastrami then get your butt over here now and get some. The Pastrami Boyger is great but the pastrami sandwich on its own is just brilliant. It isn't "The Hat" but it will damn do! The owners are super cool and make everything when you order it. The guy is pretty nice about customizing orders too. You can call your order in for pick up or eat inside. They have a pizza special that costs just over $5 and it tastes great. My wife ordered some of their Chencho Fries and we ended up sharing it because I liked it. It is simple but the green sauce and cheese taste great on them. You can't beat the cheap prices for the quality you get here. What are you waiting for? Get over here and try something... just save some pastrami for me!
5	Tried this place for the first time today with the family. The place was small but very clean. We arrived when there weren't too many people there. We were greeted by the gentlemen who worked there who very friendly. They had a wide variety of items that range from "boygers" to pizza. Me and the family each had their boyger meal (I ihad the monster size which was recommended by Abel the cook.)Our food was made to order and it was worth the wait.  I have to say that the "boygers" here are the best I've had in a long time. Its a little ways away from my house but it was worth the drive. I will definitely come here again.
2	I tried this place because of the high reviews. It's a shame when you go somewhere with high expectations and you're let down. We tried their one item carryout pizza special for $5.45, let me tell you, you get what you pay for. The pepperoni and cheese were so skimpy and non-existant. I ended up scraping the toppings onto TWO slices, the rest of the pizza/ scraped off dough were thrown out.Fortunately, or so I thought I still had a BLT, the bacon consisted of little bits here and there. What happened to the fresh bacon? The long slices of bacon? Or plenty of bacon? They weren't in my sandwich, that's for sure.Checho fries, yeah we got an order. $2.99 for a little to go box doesn't seem worth it. When I was there I saw a basket being delivered to the table next to me, I thought that was more like it, so unless you're eating at the restaurant pass on the Checho fries.I probably won't go back.
3	came here on recommendation from my brother who said it was bomb lol...went with the hubby & son ...it was super small inside kind of felt claustrophobic ...awkward since my son is only 1 hes noisy so everyone looks at u .....the service was great! food not so much decent prefer over micky ds any day but fatburger is way better with bigger portions...i got the bacon cheese burger i believe with chencho fries & they where sloppyed made & cold to top it all off.... it was decent good but i was let down because the chencho fries lookd so  good =/ maybe it was an off day
4	Came here and was very impressed with the local atmosphere of the place. This is the type of place we need to support more and more! Had the pastrami sandwich and also the special fries everyone seems to talk about. Really enjoyed flavor of the fries, one downer was didn't seem like there were enough, even though what there was was quite tasty. What caused this review to lose one star was the pastrami sandwich I had. It was a better than average and quite tasty. It was a little too fatty for my tastes. If they upped the flavor a little and got slightly better cut of meat then I'd go gaga overt it. Might be back here, not sure. Was pricey for value and my taste buds were pleased, but not ecstatic. Left a little less than full but satisfied.
5	We found this place on yelp and I'm so glad we did great food great service :)) we went with my son who is ten months and the lady in the back came and gave him rice and beans free of charge that was a special touch , we will be back later today lol
5	This place is awesome. Good food, great service. Don't be persuaded by those who left bad reviews...been to this place 2x, had the mild chicken fingers & pastrami sandwich...and everything was great. The speciality fries were awesome. Very reasonably priced. Don't pass up on this place you won't regret it.
5	My son and I were getting ready to turn into a Mickey D's when I asked him if he'd like to try something new.   I had just read about this place last night and was dying to try it.  We were pleasantly surprised.   My son had the monster boyger with bacon and fat fries and I had the guacamole boyger with cheese and skinny fries.  Burgers were juicy and fries were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.   We both left full and vowing to return soon.
1	Their food is awesome but I stopped eating here after I found a long black hair baked into my pizza. I took a picture of it, showed it to the manager my last visit there, and he apologized by giving me a 3$ off coupon. I will never eat here again. Fatburger is a lot cleaner.
4	I will definitely be coming back here.  The food is made to order and everything is fresh.  The restaurant is a little whole in the wall on the east-side, but the food is great.  I ordered a boyger with skinny fries, it was similar to fat burger.
5	Thanks to yelp we had a delicious lunch. Wonderful burgers and fries. Fresh and hot. Friendly service. A variety of foods on the menu. Good for those with heart appetites as they offer some family-sized deals. Quesadillas, burgers, chicken fingers, salads, burritos.  And oh my gosh. How friendly. He remembered my name as he told me thanks after we dined. Love that!!#makethisachain
4	Fat Boy is AWESOME!  Yep, that about sums it up in a nutshell!  Haven't been there yet?  Well, pack you bags and take a trip to the East side of Vegas for some tasty grub.  Here's why I am a big fan of Fat Boy:1. The vastness of the menu! This joint has something for everyone.  They have burgers, pizza, chicken, and Mexican food all on their menu.  If you an't find something you like on the menu, you are definitely missing out!2. The burgers (boygers) are yum-tastic! I  They are all super tasty and some of the best I have had in town.  They are also a great deal for the price point.  $3-5 for a freshly made burger is a-ok in my book!3. The fries are great!  They have the thick, steakhouse stye fries.  A regular order comes with a fun season salt mix on them that tastes great.  You can also try their chencho fries that are covered in a green chili sauce and cheese.  They are a fun dish to chow down on for sure.4. The prices are fantastic.  Your money definitely goes a long way here.  You can get a yummy lunch and be full all day for under $10 out the door.  They also have family deals like 4 burgers, 4 fries, and a 2 liter of soda for $18.  Not to shabby.  I always love great food for cheap.Bottom line, I really enjoy Fat Boy and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a tasty lunch.  If you are on that side of town, go check them out to make your belly happy!FYI, it is in a small strip mall and you may drive right past it.  You have to be on the look out for it.  It's on the NE corner of Stewart and Lamb.
5	Simply amazing! i have no idea why I've never been here before! to start off the guy at the register was super cool and laid back, great customer service. once we gave out order we got our food fast. it was absolutely delicious! I went with my friends and two kids, we had the 4 'boyger" and fries special and a '14 inch pizza, fat chencho fries and hot chicken wings, and didn't wait as long as we thought. Two of the four boygers were the Hawaiian style, omg simply delicious! the originals were also veeery good, home made style! The pizza was also amazing! not too greasy and good ratio of cheese and sauce! The chencho fries, no words on how amazing they were, never thought salsa verde, cheese, and chicken would be sooo good!We will definitely be come back!
5	I love this place! Service is good, fast & the food is amazing! Its not hard to find although you probably won't be on the East side of Las Vegas... unless you live on this side of town, of course. I ordered the regular cheese "boyger" (get it? lol) and the chenco fries! The boyger was so juicy and a really good size portion for me. The chencho fries is one of their popular plates. You can either order skinny or thick cut fries. I ordered the skinny fries and on top has cheese and all their different types of sauces!My boyfriend ordered the wet burrito.. and WOW, it was HUGE! It had their special sauces on top as well.. i don't know what it is, but it is soo good! Definitely worth the try if you are at the East side of town in Las Vegas!
5	Killer handmade burgers (boygers) that are always delicious and full of flavor, with crispity fries (fat or skinny) dashed with a seasoning. I recently had their pizza and that was awesome too and at a great price, different toppings to choose from and served hot and fresh (I could see steam coming through the sides of the pizza box). Chocolate shake was gooood. One of the few gems on the east side of Las Vegas, go there!
5	5 stars food was good. Service was great!! Definitely a must try. Place is very clean.
5	I certainly can not argue this place. Clean, inexpensive, friendly staff, and most importantly, great food. I will just keep it simple and leave it at that. :-)
3	Food is pretty decent. We had double "boygers" and pizza. Both was decent. Price is pretty OK too. Honestly though, I prefer Dominos pizza and In n out's hamburgers.
5	Ordered pizza, pastrami burgers, chicken quesadilla, and green chilli cheese chicken fries. Everything was awesome. Service was friendly and quick.  Awesome experience.
4	Good cheap greasy food! Cencho fries were awesome. Staff is friendly.
4	Just my poysonal opinion but, this is my first time here and this place was great! Bernie is the man though. He was super patient and helpful as we ordered. Even after we placed our order he continued to help us with drinks and whatever we needed. My girl and I ordered a Pastrami Boyger, Chencho Fries and Wings. The Boyger was so bombbb! Flavorful and tasty. Lowkey, I'd eat here over In N' Out. The Chencho fries get boring after a few bites so I'd recommend getting more toppings like eggs, bacon or pastrami. Get em all. Wings were alright. I got half BBQ and half Buffalo. If you come here I'd definitely pick a burger or try one of their burritos over the wings. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and experience here. 4 stars just because the wings were not that great. But good food and great service definitely calls for more stars. Will update again upon my next visit.
4	Another hidden treasure on the east side! #yes (I know, hashtags are pointless on here). Anyway, my boyfriend and I shared chencho fries, 8 wings (1/2 bbq 1/2 hot), and a pastrami boyger. Between 2 people this can really fill you up! Pastrami boyger: soooo so good. What I love most is you can taste the quality (no copyright infringement intended, in-n-out) because they use fresh foods & are made to order. Chencho fries: pretty yummy. I would recommend an add on or two. Their options are bacon, ham, or egg. Pastrami would probably be bomb on there. I'm still pretty satisfied with it though. Wings: I'm not crazy about their wings but I like that the hot sauce is actually hot & their bbq is pretty flavorful. At least you know there's no steroids in the chicken so that's always good.Overall verdict: definitely worth the price & then some. One of the very few good food spots on east side Vegas :) Also! Bernie provided us the greatest customer service. So you're fortunate if he's working when you check this place out.
5	Oh man, the burgers here are better than In-and-Out. They must cook the meat patties in extra doses of love or something because it didn't take me long at all to wolf down mine.I ordered the guacamole burger with everything on it, along with their seasoned steak fries. Typical fries, delicious burger. I also ordered the Caesar salad, which was the usual fare. The lettuce was super fresh and crisp, which won me over. The plate wasn't drowned in dressing, either,  which was a relief. My aunt ordered the beef mix, which came with tortillas, rice and beans. These beans had substance! I was very pleased to see that they were the perfect balance of solids and liquids. They weren't soup; nor were they a paste. The beef was very Hispanic in its flavors: spicy, salty, aromatic. I recommend this place wholeheartedly if you find yourself in the neighborhood.
5	Best burgers in Vegas must try their Double monster boyger with fat fries their onion rings and fried zucchinis are good. They have great customer service
3	This place has been on my bookmark list for awhile. I actually used to work in this area 5 years ago and always passed it on Stewart but didn't try it. I was reassigned a different location for work on Nellis so it's pretty much on this side of town. Finally came in on my lunch break and I ordered the burger and fries. I ordered ahead of time since I only have 30 minutes. To be honest, I was underwhelmed. This burger tasted homemade and to me that's not a good thing if it's something I can make at home. There was nothing special about it at all? No special sauce, typical hamburger bun, shredded lettuce and tomato. Umm did I miss something from all the reviews on how awesome the food is here. Although maybe I should of tried the checo fries or burrito? But the pictures look underwhelming as well. The inside is definitely a mom and pop shop, so it can use some upgrades or if they had the budget for it a major facelift would be even better. I'm not sure if the family that owns this place was working but the woman who rang up my food was friendly. If I give them another chance I'll be sure to ask Melissa Y. what to order since her review raves about this place.
5	Definitely a Vegas favorite. The family that owns the business is INCREDIBLY kind and the food is delicious. I'm personally not a huge fan of big filling meals but I will totally splurge when I go to FB. My favorite so far is the guacamole burger with skinny fries. The also have $5.99 medium pizza with one topping, which is also very good and cheap. My boyfriend likes the wet boyrito with the red sauce the best! Five stars for being a really great, family owned hole in the wall. No complaints at all, by far.
5	My first time in Vegas and the 40th for my boyfriend. We wanted to try something local. Frigg'n awesome pizza!! Manny and the young girl who took our order were nice and chatted us up. Definitely recommended!!! Oh and when were stuffing our faces Manny was making a burger that we wanted to attack but we were so full from the large pizza
4	Fat boys Pastrami  and Hawalian Boyger are awsome  cooked fresh  chencho fries are also great . Fat boy restaurant has something for every one  from pizzas,wings ,FINGERS ,boygers Philly steaks ,and boyrritos
2	nothing special about this place.  I just happened to be on this side of town, and I remembered hearing about FAT BOY boygers.. Well it was a huge disappointment.  I just got the Double Boyger, with Fat Fries..  daughter got the wings (tasted ALL tapatio).  Maybe other things are good on the menu, but i wasn't impressed. Service was really slow, but they were very attentive and made sure you were taken care of while you waited for your food.  I probably won't be going back, but if I ever do.. I will have to try the Pastrami, or something else on their menu.  Oh, and we also tried to Chenco fries.. which wasn't bad, but not worth the money.
4	The food here is pretty good. I had a Hawaiian pizza and next time I hope to try their chencho fries. The place is quite small tho.
1	I was in that part of town and craving pastrami. This was the karst place and had great yelp reviews. The pastrami and phili steak both suck. The pastrami is fatty and chewy.  Very poor quality   The phili beef was nothing exciting and flavorless.
5	Been to this place several times and I tell you I don't have one complaint it's always been delicious and fresh. Anytime I'm on the east I stop in by the way I'm going there in a little while :) mouth is drooling from looking at the pics. Don't let the couple of one star yelpers turn you away you won't be disappointed!!!!!!
5	This place is AMAZING!!! Was in Vegas for business, and needed a quick bit to eat, so I choose Fat Boy! It has amazing reviews, and by eating the food, I can tell why! The owners were also super friendly and helpful! Very highly recommend! When I visit Vegas again, I will definitely be back!
5	Fat Boy is my favorite place to get a burger on this side of town. Every visit I've ever made here has been met with great customer service. It's not made until you order it and everything here is made fresh, that's another thing I really appreciate. If it's your first time here, I'd definitely recommend the pastrami boyger or a Hawaiian boyger paired with their signature chencho fries. The pastrami burger is a burger topped with pastrami and it's always oozing with a white cheese. The Hawaiian includes all the typical burger ingredients with pineapple and barbecue sauce, it's exploding with a medley of flavors. The chencho fries can be ordered with fat or skinny cut fries and they're topped with cheese, green pepper, and little pieces of chicken; they're amazing but you have to eat them before they get soggy. The Philly cheesesteaks, pastrami sandwiches, and chicken fingers are also delicious. I've never ordered anything here that didn't make me proud.
5	First time eating at this place ordered their pastrami boyger man I'll tell yah that stuff was delicious and juicy!!! I shared it with my dad and he loved it as well. But for sure I'll come back again !!!!
5	Delicious food . The menu has a great variety of different foods but I come here for the chencho fries and pizza and they never disappoint! Staff is also friendly and welcoming. I will keep coming back for more
