3	The best thing about this restaurant is that it's the only thing within walking distance of our new home just below South Mountain - I understand that won't have meaning to many others, but it's exciting for us to be located in a somewhat remote - albeit beautiful - area and have a solid restaurant with a full bar in walking distance. Another major draw is the gorgeous view from the restaurant windows (and outside dining/smoking patio). You can see pretty much all of Phoenix, including a really stellar view of the downtown/mid-town skyline. Ok, now for the food. The menu is simple - the chalkboards on the walls detail a few cuts of steak, a roasted chicken, pork chops, and some sides. All meals come with bread and the salad bar (which is really just lettuce and some canned green beans). The sides we tried weren't great, but the meat itself was grilled to perfection and really tasty. We had the roasted chicken and t-bone and really enjoyed them - it was only $13 or so for the roasted chicken and $25 or so for the t-bone. So, if you are looking for some country atmosphere, some good meat, cheap drinks, and a great view of the city and are willing to drive up 19th, you should check out T-Bone.
4	We went back to T-Bone last night with a friend from out of town. We had vodka sodas, which were well-mixed and cheap. My husband and I tried the "combo" (only $15) this time, which featured 1/4 of a chicken and a fillet - the chicken was just as moist and delicious as last time, and the fillet was so tender and cooked to just the right level of doneness I requested (as was my husband and my friend's meat). The sides were just as unremarkable as last time, but the meat was even more flavorful than I remember. That flavor, combined with the delicious apple pie a la mode and the incredible view, which was amazing to share with our guest, makes me bump T-Bone up a star.
4	What a find! I've lived in the area for over 3 years and just heard about T-Bone Steakhouse. We went there on a Friday night around 8pm. I had the 24oz porterhouse and my wife had the pan fried trout..both of which were great. This place is my idea of a true western steak house. Rustic but yet comfortable. Simple food but yet delicious. I even went back the following night with a buddy of mine to grab a couple of beers. This is when I learned that Friday night is the only time they grill out front on the open pit. That was the only downside.
4	You can't beat the million dollar view of Phoenix!!!  And if you like steak, then you should give T-Bones Steak House  a go - especialy if you  want an authentic "western" atmosphere and are tired places like Rustler's Roost.  T-Bones serves up cowboy-style steaks or chicken, broiled over mesquite (usually outside on a giant grill).   They also recently added Salmon to the menu.  Other than that - there isn't a very wide selection.  All meals are served with salad bar, cowboy beans and the ever-present bread and butter. But mind you, the all-you-can-eat salad bar is basically lettuce = probably because REAL cowboys and cowgirls don't need a lot of selection (they've learned to appreciate the simple things in life). Side dishes include baked potato, or mashed potatoes.  Choose from beef cuts that include the immense 2-lb. porterhouse or a 'cowgirl'-sized 1-lb. T-bone steak. For the kids, there is a separate menu with choices of a strip steak, chicken or burger.  Don't expect a Ruth Chris' experience.  T-bones is low key -- litterally, cowboys ride up on their horses.  Or police from the academy stop by to have a burger (at least you'll feel safe).I bring all my friends from out of town to T-Bones Steak House just for the experience.  Plus, have I mentioned the views?  You honestly can't get a better view and a nice steak dinner at a reasonable price.  And it's family friendly!I give this a "giddy-yup" rating :)
2	I was in Phoenix on a business trip with 3 fellow workers and we wanted a good steak.  I checked Yelp and found T-bone and we liked the reviews we saw so we set off In search of it.  First not knowing the area we had to get lost and asked directions from the wrong people two times.  We finally got to the right area and pasted it and found the deadend street.  We backtracked  1/2 a block and found a small signed tacked to a post saying T-Bone Steak House.  So it was off to the left of 19th before the deadend for people looking for it.I like rustic places and this one looked cool with a very nice view of the city.I ordered the 16oz T-Bone steak which also comes with the salad bar, & cowboy beans.  Went to get a salad while waiting for the steak and found the salad bar the smallest I have ever seen.  It was a large bowl of lettuce, small bowl of cheese (wasn't sure what it was at first, so dark) and croutons and three dressings.  Oh and a very large bowl of cold green beans with onion and a vinegar dressing on it.  Oh well we mainly came for a good steak right.  The steaks came and they were all also a disappointment, My 16oz T-Bone looked just like my friends 24oz porterhouse.  We had ordered medium rare and they were just Medium, bearly any pink, and not juice.  The bread looked like Texas toast that was not toasted. I did eat all the steak and a salad but I was hungry, but wouldn't ever consider going back again.  Sorry but no I didn't enjoy it as much as the other reviewers.
4	I like this place a lot. I will say that it is not the cheapest steak house by any means but considering what you get, it is well worth it. As others have said, the view is amazing. Since it is situated south of Phoenix, it offers a unique view of a big part of the valley, with all the downtown skyline (what there is of it) all lit up at night. It's quite impressive to see from this vantage point.My girlfriend wanted to treat her friend to a birthday dinner and T-Bone's was his choice. Everyone raves about Durant's and seeing as how she worked there for about 3 years, she's got a pretty good idea of what's what. She prefers T-Bone's for the value, among other things. She got the filet, her friend got the porterhouse and I got the NY strip. The birthday boy really enjoyed his porterhouse-all of it. I thought my strip was just so-so. It was cooked just as specified (the best part was the crispy searing on the outside and the inside was just perfect). I just wasn't blown away by the flavor or the cut. The winner of it all was definitely the filet. She ordered it medium rare, and although i prefer it cooked a little more, maybe medium, it was just perfect. The outside was crispy and when you put it in your mouth it almost melted just like butter. Incredible.We followed it up with a slice of apple pie a la mode and some kind of brownie dessert. They were both very decadent.I like this place because it offers a unique view of the valley, because of the overall quality of the food and because of the rustic feel of it all. I was surprised to see that on a Friday it wasn't completely packed out at 7 p.m. but there was a steady flow of meat lovers.There is a full bar toward the back that is actually more lit up than the dining area. Fatty steaks freaks me out and for anyone else that has this same weird problem, the lack of lighting can make it difficult to be sure that you've trimmed off every morsel of fat from the steak. However, I gotta say I like how low lit this joint is, what with the saw dust on the floor and all.I will absolutely be returning as soon as I can and this time I will be ordering the filet.
4	It's a COWBOY Steak House This review is more about the amenities than the food. I've had meals at several working ranches, and one movie ranch over the years. Iceberg lettuce salad, bread, beans and MEAT is what I've eaten plus ice cream once or twice. I have a friend who's a vegetarian. When he ordered the vegetarian meal from a large wildfire camp food unit they served him fish. So in that sense, T-Bone does have a vegetarian plate - it serves trout. I've barbecued chicken in the past and one of the guests asked seriously, "Where's the meat?" In that crowd it's all about red meat cooked Really well-done. Now there's the meat! We diners are all over the place with our tastes. But if T-Bone suits you, they have a large patio and a back dining room for big groups. The intrepid among us can rent a horse from Ponderosa Stables in South Mountain Park, and they will ride you over for dinner. That's a dream date for me. Gee-Haw Baby! Pinnacle Peak Patio is distant now, suburbian acreages with their castles murdering the once-lovely view. You can drive down Baseline  road to Rustler's Rooste for the same kind of meal. I went to a retirement dinner there.  The portions were smaller, cooked worse, and still about the same salad, beans, bread and MEAT. The Rooste restaurant service may be better and you can do some boot scootin' Saturday nights. But it doesn't have the splintery wood and adobe home ranch ambiance of the T-Bone. We bring out of town company to T-Bone.  The family dines here occasionally for a special meal and the view. It's not polished and well decorated, even in a Texas, or even Australian sense, but it's cowboy grub with the chance of a horse trip over on a moonlit night. Velda and Tanya, I don't want one of those $40.00 a plate retirement dinners. I'll take the T-Bone on any Phoenix Arizona night.  And make sure the moon is to the northeast - Owoooooo!!!
4	We tried T-Bone recently after a desperate search for something decent to eat in our neck of the woods and we really enjoyed it. It was not very busy for a Saturday night, but that's Phoenix during the summer for you. This is when we locals get to take back our resorts and restaurants from the conventioneers and snowbirds. Other reviewers are right on the money regarding the mediocre at best sides, and the outstanding steaks. Mesquite grilled to perfection, my t-bone was fabulous, but my husband's New York strip was even better. The cowboy beans were also very good, with a nice zippy spice to them. The "salad bar" had an iceberg mix and a canned green bean and red onion salad. My baked potato was just fine and came with no shortage of butter and sour cream. The biggest surprise of the evening was the beer- they have their own microbrewery. My husband ordered the stout which was delicious even though it was on the sweet side. I had the pale ale and it was great. Our server, who was awesome, told us that the amber was the best. We'll be trying that next time. The whole atmosphere of T-Bone's is casual, friendly, and comfortable. We enjoyed the unique view of Phoenix lit up at night in front of us complete with silhouetted saguaros and South Mountain right behind us. I can see us becoming regulars here.
3	We've been to the T-Bone twice now. The first time was last winter. Service and food was great, but a little more expensive than you'd expect. Would have given it 4 stars back then.Tonight's experience was much worse -- 2 stars at best. So I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and rating T-Bone an average of 3 stars.Tonight I ordered their special, which was a bone-in ribeye for $24 (can't remember the size). I ordered it medium rare, but it came out medium well. I would have mentioned it to our server, but we didn't see her once after our food came until it was time for the bill because she was tending the bar.In any case, the ribeye was ok, but my wife's baby-back ribs (the other available special) were better.As others have said, the views are great and the atmosphere is unique (in a good way).  However, my biggest complaint is the value. Our total bill including tip came to $68, and we had no alcoholic beverages or dessert - just the entrees and two sides. One would think that at those prices, the side items would be included.
4	Oooowweeee - what's up with that, what's up with that?!  I just discovered this restaurant tonight when we had a "hanker'in" for some steak takeout to eat while we watch the second episode of the new season of SNL.  We were having a sudden windstorm in Phoenix tonight and I ventured out in the late night alone -- headed further south in Phoenix than I've ventured in a decade of living here -- toward South Mountain for T-Bone Steakhouse to give it a try.  Adding to my sense of trepidation, large tumbleweed littered bumpy and poorly-maintained 19th Avenue as I searched for their location.  Their website alludes to Baseline Road, but it's quite a bit further south than Baseline.  They are in quite a desolate location out there, away from other businesses, street lights or directional signs, and their outdoor lighting was dim.  I hoped I'd make it home safe!I finally rolled up to their parking lot and saw the rustic structure and several cars/trucks.  Their parking lot is all large gravel (ladies watch your ankles as you exit the car -- you probably should NOT wear heels to this restaurant anyway -- it's very rustic).  It was a little adventure for me and I was frankly a little scared with the wind, the dark, being so far south for the first time in my city (I rarely have ventured south of McDowell), and looking for an establishment I've never patronized before, but the presence of a few men in blue (police) helped me feel much more at ease.  I began to think this is their Second Headquarters...  But cops probably know where to find good steak in any town!  The steak was great, a little on the rare side for medium-well though.  There was one really big piece of gristle in the middle of it and some strange little unexpected pieces of bone to watch out for  Yes, the salad bar is so sad it may as well not exist.  It wouldn't take much effort for them to jazz it up a bit with a few more topping choices (perhaps scallions, sunflower seeds, shredded cheddar, green peas, and/or beets) but the salad was fresh.  They do have steak down to a science, so maybe they could venture out into the realm of a real salad bar next.  The baked potato was really baked, not microwaved like some restaurants do these days.  Scallions/green onions were not available on the baked potato, which was again sad and speaks to their apparent fear of green food.  The sawdust on the floor (for "ambiance") means they don't need to sweep, I guess, but it was sparse and there was more linoleum than sawdust showing so that was kind of a silly gesture...Still I think the restaurant is worth visiting again and will likely do so.  This little adventure turned out well -- it was invigorating to brave the wind, the dark, the tumbleweed, the southness of it all, the unfamiliar and dark streets, the unknowns and the sawdust.  BTW, their website alludes to some pretty interesting entertainment options under the "Groups" section!
5	This is my second review of T-Bone Steakhouse. The first visit was for take-out steak late one Saturday night a few months back.  This time, I took hubbie with me (it was for my birthday) and we dined IN.  This time, they had the 40 oz Porterhouse (for 2) on SALE for $40, so we ordered that.  It was thick and perfectly cooked.  We overheard some other patrons complaining about how spicy the beans were, which they are kinda spicy.  The salad was fresh, but still sadly lacking in toppings.  Since it was muh' birthday, I asked for a special deal (it never hurts to ask), so they agreed to give me a free dessert, which was strawberry cheesecake!  The VIBE there is very casual and comforting, and I enjoyed the selection of country music in the background:  A Little Past Little Rock, Don't Take The Girl, I'd Sure Hate to Break Down Here, and Poor Poor Pitiful Me, etc.  Hubbie, who is more the Grateful Dead type, seemed to actually be enjoying the country music.  I suggested we get him a cowboy hat for next time and he seemed to entertain the idea...We were pleasantly surprised to enjoy the city view at night from our table and the service was fine.  I suggested to our server that they do an ad for a temporary special wherein if a patron displays a used movie ticket stub from "True Grit" they can get a discount on food that night.  He said he'd tell the manager.  I think it would be a great place to eat dinner immediately after seeing True Grit!Evidently the restaurant backs right up to the South Mountain Park and someone said you can rent a horse to go horseback riding at the park, then pull right up to the back of the restaurant and eat breakfast or dinner.  The South Mountain hiking trails are also right next to the restaurant, so you can actually go hiking right after a meal if the park is open!Hubbie is pretty particular and doesn't hold back criticism if he has any, and I think he actually liked this place.  He said he'd go there again!UPDATE:  November 2012:  Have tried other steakhouses and T-Bone Steakhouse STILL cannot be beat!!
4	This was our first visit to the T-Bone.  We had a friend in town and thought we'd give it a try. We heard the view of the Valley was great and the food even better. What we found is a no-frills, classic cowboy restaurant. The tables are picnic style, with vinyl tablecloths. The menu is on the wall and basic, meat and a couple of sides. We had the t-bones and sirloin and they were excellent. Dinner comes with cowboy beans, bread and salad bar. You don't go there for the salad bar. It's as basic as the menu. What you do get is a great piece of meat, cooked to order, that is delicious!  If you are looking for a fine dining experience, probably not the place to go. If you are looking for good food at an honest price, you'll enjoy the experience as much as we did.
2	Our family loves meat!  That being said we know our meat.  We searched online for local steakhouses and found this place and read some reviews and thought we give it a try.  Locating the restaurant at night was a little difficult but what's wrong with a little adventure before dinner.  The ambiance was down to earth feel good kinda place.  Although the menu was very limited we didn't mind because we wanted our meat.  The family ordered T-bone medium well and it was overcook and dry.  Filet medium well and was tasteless.  Combo (steak & chicken) and the steak was decent but the chicken was dang good!  Top sirlon medium rare and it was juicy with little taste.  Though the salad bar was small we didn't mind.  We never saw our server because she kept going back to the bar.  When we asked the other servers for help they were great.  The only reason why I would go back is to try the cheeseburger and grilled salmon.  The view was awesome!  The food was average and over priced.
2	I have had to change my review from 5 to 2 because the last few times I have gone my steak has not been cooked correctly. It is disappointing, but this place is still ok for the view.
4	Good basic steak done right don't go for the sides or table cloth tables go for great city views straight forward menu and some micro brew beer and you'll have a great meal and a good time..
4	Live just down the street from this place and, in several trips, have had most everything on the menu.  They have always gotten my medium rare beef order perfect.   Pork chops were grilled just right.  Had the half chicken / 6oz filet combo once and it was about the best thing I have ever tasted.  Also they had a full rack of ribs on special one night and they were fall-off-the-bone excellent.  A buddy had the ginormous porterhouse & said it was one of the best he's had.  They have had some trouble with my former chick person's medium well orders though -- usually too done.  One time, the owner came to check on us and as soon as he looked at her overcooked cut, he immediately apologized & said "Oh my gosh that is not medium well. We will re-fire you a new cut".  When my wife said no, it's fine, and she was sure she didn't want a fresh cut, he said "ok then we will take that one off your tab".  She said no not to worry about it but he took it off the tab anyway.  She wasn't even really that unhappy with the way it was cooked! He really tried to make us happy.   This place shares common ownership with the storied Pinnacle Peak restaurant, hence the Pinnacle Peak micro-brews they have on tap.  Amazing Million $ view of the valley from up there too.   That alone is worth at least sitting outside and enjoying over a couple of beers.  Reccomend.
5	This place is great!  I have been here numerous times and it gets better each time.  I always order the chicken and it is awesome.  Friends always order the t-bone and rave about it.  Their beer is also great.The service is prompt and extremely attentive.  The views are amazing.  Get there before sunset and you can see the gorgeous views.
4	Atmosphere - checkFood - checkExperience riding here and back on a horse - double, triple checkMy only criticism was the slow service.  They knew to expect us, but it took forever to take our order.  We had 4 tables outside and I ended up taking orders and handing them to the waitresses for 3 of the 4 tables.  They were sweet, but just not prepared enough for us.  However, the atmosphere was great with excellent desert views of Phoenix and the food was quite good as well.
3	I can't decide if I love this place, or just kind of like it.  I'm wavering back and forth...The boyfriend and I discovered this place while wandering around the area trying to figure out what some lights were on South Mountain.  Despite driving past hundreds of times, we hadn't noticed them before and were trying to find their source.  In the process, we came across T-Bone... and the delicious smells emanating from it.  Intent on our search, we pressed on to learn the lights were from an unknown-to-us parking lot/trailhead...  and we came back to T-Bone the next weekend for dinner.  I was hoping it'd be wonderful, since it seemed like a great, unique to Arizona, place to take the parents when they come to visit.It has a wonderful atmosphere.  Very rustic and homey.  That some people had come by on horses simply added to the charm.  I loved it.  It also has a beautiful view - just high enough up on the mountain that you can see the city and most of the valley.  The source of my indecision is on the food.  They have a very limited menu.  That's fine with me - I'd rather have a restaurant with only 10 menu items that they do REALLY well than one with 100 items that are so so.  You basically pick your meat off of the menu on the wall, and... that's that.  Everything is served with the 'salad bar' - lettuce, bagged croutons, chopped tomatos and onions, and 3-4 kinds of dressing - beans and bread.  They have a handful of extra sides you can order a la cart.  I didn't try any of those, but the included sides were... ok.  The bread was bread; nothing special.  It was served with butter that was so cold it was almost unspreadable on the soft bread.  The beans were... alright.  I ate them because, well... there wasn't anything else to eat.  So, that's the part that has me going 'eh...' part of the reason the rating is down to 3 stars.  BUT... I ordered fish and it was really delicious.  They didn't do anything fancy with it - just pan fried it with a little seasoning - and it was wonderful.  It was a celebration of the flavor of the fish, not any fancy sauces or such.  Simple and delicious.I can't comment on the steak, which I assume is their signature dish.  The boyfriend ordered ... I think it was a T-bone... and found it too fatty for his tastes.  Neither of us know whether that is characteristic of the cut (i.e. they served good meat, and he just ordered the wrong cut) or if it was not a good piece of meat.  On the very plus side, they have GREAT beers.  Not a lot of them, but they are apparently brewed at their northern Phoenix location, and are quite tasty.The service was good - our waitress was friendly and the wait wasn't too long for our food.  Our waitress didn't have any trouble with our moving outside to eat dessert (something in the restaurant - maybe the smokiness from the grill - caused the boyfriend to have an allergy attack).  The dessert - apple pie & ice cream - was very tasty.So... overall, I'm torn.  Great fish, beer and pie... so so sides and a wildcard steak.  How do you rate that?  I guess three stars for the moment....We'll definitely go back (I want to try their smoked chicken entree) and hopefully have a more definitive experience.
1	The food took too long to be served, the staff was not friendly at all. Beans were horrible and the steak could have been better, I was told about this place by a friend of mine, apparently he thought this place would offer our party a good time. Unfortunately this was not the case
4	I loves this place, go near sunset time and you will not be disapointed, it has that typical texas bbq resturaunt feel, but with their main advantage is the location, other reviwers are right, there is room for a bigger salad bar, their beans were awsome, but the corn of the cob tasted medicore, def not fresh, the meat was delicious, but the fiance ended up for one side having a lot of fat
4	Have been going here for over 6 years and love it.  This is a true cowboy style restaurant with an all you can eat basic salad bar, cowboy beans & toast, potatoes, and all the common meat options.  The food is usually good.  The atmosphere is the best part, low key and awesome views.  If you live in Laveen or South Phoenix you should frequent the place.  They have locally crafted delicious brews.  We love to ride horses or motorcycles here, watch the sunset and chat it up with the locals and the workers.  Favorite restaurant in Laveen!  Hitching posts out back if you want to ride your horse here.  Very close (walking distance) to South Mountain trail head too.
4	This place is one of the last few originals in Phoenix, dating back to the 1920's.Its a no-nonsense steak house serving up some of the best steaks in town, and at half the price as places like Mortons, Maestros or Harris.If you like beef and a cold beer, mosey on in for one of the best views in Phoenix from an old ranch house. I've never been disappointed here. Well, one time, when I got so drunk my date left me in the parking lot and drove off with my jeep. She did call me the next day to tell me where I could pick it up, so it wasn't all bad. Bitch.
3	T-Bone's was pretty spot on with all the other reviews. I didn't care for it that much, but everyone else I was with said they would def be back again.... I will wash my hair that night. We went to T-Bone Steakhouse for my lil bro's birthday, it seemed like a fun idea, great view, and you cant go wrong with steaks. I first read the reviews on Yelp before going and had a good feeling. Once we got there it was everything I expected it to be. Side note to those first timers... when going drive straight down south on 19th ave, you will eventually run into the mountain, right about when you are getting to the end of the road you ill see a tiny sign on the left side of the road prompting you to turn into he parking lot, its easy to miss. The service was lacking big time, but they were a little busy, the adorable waitress was running her tail off and said she was still fairly new and trying to get the hang of things, truth or not we moved beyond the service. They do have a nice bar that faces right out to the awesome view of Phoenix, down town is pretty awesome after sunset. I was the only none boring person at the table and ordered T-Bone's own IPA, it was very good, I highly recommend it!Food time - We were starving! There are about 6 or 7 things on the menu, 4 a la carte sides and a few desserts, and everyone gets to par take in the awesome (not) salad bar. It's comparable to a salad you would quickly throw together at home last minute. Everyone at the table had at least two bowls full so it wasn't bad obviously. We ordered 3 tbones, a top sirloin, a fillet and a 24 oz porterhouse for the birthday boy. My tbone was over cooked and I didn't enjoy it too much, took most home for the dogs. I am not a huge steak person so I should have known better and just ordered the burger or chicken. The fillet was great and perfectly cooked and every bit of the 24 oz porterhouse disappeared so I am assuming it was good too. The sides were pretty standard, bakes potato, mashed potatoes and cowboy beans.Like I said, everyone in my party liked their food and said they would love to go back, I however would only go back for the view and beer. But those are two pretty awesome things so you do the math. :-)Oh almost forgot.... the brownie dessert.... amazeballz! Get it!
4	Husband, friend and I were out cruisin' the streets, trying to figure out where to go for dinner. We saw Bill Johnson's on 19th Ave/Bell Rd and thought "mmmmm...steak sounds good." I checked out their Yelp and decided, "eh...let's see what else I can find on Yelp." T-Bone popped up under steakhouses, reviews seemed good, we'd never heard of the place, we were already on 19th Ave, so I said "keep driving straight, jeeves (my dear hubby, hah)! All the way to South Mountain!" We arrived at near-sunset. There were a few cars outside and just a few tables filled. It was kinda dark inside, but that's okay. The view was great, but it was a smoggy hazy day, so not so pretty. The menu consists of steak, steak and steak, plus a couple other meats and sides. Each entree comes with cowboy beans, bread, and the salad bar. Beans were beans. Bread was a slice from a loaf of wheat. Salad bar was bare, but decent. The cold green beans with onion & vinegar were...odd. Not terrible, but I don't fancy strong raw onions too much.The three of us each ordered a different steak, each to a different doneness. Husband's & friend's were fine, but my medium-well was more medium-rare, so it was sent back to be corrected. I'm sorry, I grew up on well-done meats, so my foray into lesser cooked meats is taking some time. But it was okay, I don't throw hissy fits about incorrect orders, so I waited patiently for my cow to cook. I don't remember exactly which cut I ordered, but it didn't have a bone. It was a little tough and fatty, but I don't know much about steaks - maybe it was supposed to be that way? Good nonetheless. Husband's porterhouse & friend's whatever-he-got were good to them, also. Friend ordered a micro-brew. Blonde? Amber? I don't know...it was pretty tasty, though, and cheap!Not having horse-knowledge on the tip of my brain, I had to pause a moment at the restrooms, when deciding whether to open the "colts" or "fillies" door. After dinner, we wandered around a little. They have a large banquet room and a nice outdoor seating area, both on the side of the restaurant, and in front, with a good city view. We found some horses tied up out back, and figured that's where the large party we saw walk in earlier came from. They have a sign for carriage rides, but don't know any details about it. Sounds fun, though!Overall, I love the location, the food was decent, and I just liked the rustic-ness of the place. Definitely will return again sometime.
4	We've been to T-Bone about a dozen times in the past couple of years.  It's one of our favorites for a place to have a fantastic view, a cold beer, and a great steak!  The picnic tables are not my favorite, but it works in this setting.  Went recently went on the Ponderosa Stables steakhouse ride -- I think it was just too many people for the kitchen and my steak was not up to par as usual.  But overall, we would highly recommend this place for a relaxed evening of simple cowboy dining.  In fact, was looking on Yelp for somewhere to eat tonight and now we're going T-Bone!
5	Great food.
3	This place was really busy when we were there.  The manager was very friendly and came over to check on my girlfriend and I, as well as the table next to us.  The salad bar was great, as was the beer and the service.  The bread tasted stale, the wait for our food was pretty lengthy, and the Ribeye was MUCHHHH better than the T-Bone steak.  Overall an OK experience.  We likely won't return.
3	It was "OK."  For the price (12oz Boneless Rib-eye for $19; 8oz Fillet Mignon for $20) it is fairly good.  The cuts of meat are not top-grade.  There was plenty of fatty tissue on the Rib-eye making it tasty but reducing the amount of meat to much less than 12oz.  The decor is relaxed: checkered, picnic-style table clothes; waitstaff in jeans; plastic 20oz cups for beverages.If you want a high-grade steak and have money to spend, go to Donovan's.  If you want an average steak, you can come here.
4	This Restaurants just kicks butt! When it comes to cooking steaks. I only been here a few times now since last month, and i became a returning customer :) Very nice atmosphere here, relaxing view and a great beer selection. The prices are lower than expected, Considering our meal/service.
5	Gets a 5! Here is why. Right up the way from my boyfriends pad. He wanted to take me up there simply to see atop the PHX lights and a nice glass of wine on the TBones patio after I had a long, stressful day at the training center. We arrived with about 35 minutes to soak it all in. We never felt rushed and we went over the closing time. Usually when you show up with that little time to kill, the staff gives that look of, ' great one..jerks..coming into a full service restaurant so close to closing'. Nope. We got the warmest hello. Full menus...even tho we knew we both wanted two maybe two rounds of pinot noir and to do nothing more than sit on the patio and see the stars and the city lights. The owner came out and was hospitable. We even asked the waitress about a place we thot was reminiscent of T Bones in Scottsdale and she told us. This weekend we have more time from our careers and date night planned for a full dinner and a FULL bottle of red ... on the patio, of course!
5	My husband calls me at work on Friday to say we are going out to dinner. I figured it would either be pizza, a sonaran hot dog or a torta (choices are pretty limited out by us for a sit down meal). Once I was home our friend calls us and says let's go get a steak down on 19th Avenue. I ask my husband where is there a steakhouse on 19th Avenue? We get the details and he says south of Dobbins Road. Now I have driven this road hundreds of times, I have never seen a steakhouse, let alone a sign for a steakhouse. (That is my only complaint, get a sign at Dobbins or Baseline Roads pointing towards your steakhouse, had our friend not invited us, we still would not know you existed.). Yes, a rustic, western steakhouse is south of Dobbins Road, on 19th Avenue. It was bigger than I expected. My husband and our friend got the t-bones, his sister got the fillet mignion and I got the chicken/fillet combo. I thought the food was great! So did our entire table. The cowboy beans come family style (big dish that you spoon yourself) along with texas-syle bread with soft butter. The smoked chicken was amazing, and my fillet was tender. My husband said he will be ordering that next time, he thought the chicken was wonderful and it is a great size portion.  Everyone else got salads ( I am not a salad eater), basic salad fixins (lettuce, tomoato, onion, cucumber, crotons and dressing). They have a little salad bar set-up that your fix up your own salad. I did however get desert, apple pie with cinnamon sqirl ice cream! Yum-O! The view is beautiful, so peaceful to stare at the bright city lights below. I will definitley be taking any out of town guests and even suggest to my husband I would like to come back for my birthday in a couple of weeks. Again my only complaint is just not knowing sooner that it was there. But having been there for over 40 years, I can see the "word of mouth" compaign has suited them well! I also see they have Facebook with 16 followers, so get going and go friend them!
4	My boyfriend lives down the way from T-Bones. Since I fell in love with it on first sip on the the patio after a rough day at inflight training a few weeks back.. He decided to show me the full sizzle on a Thursday night last week. We got there earlier this time. We drove up with the top down on a beautiful Arizona desert evening. The place was seriously packed! It was actually hard to find a parking place. There was a wedding rehearsal dinner party going on out on the back area.. Fun to watch from our seat on the patio. We knew we wanted to have a glass of wine or a beer or two before having dinner and just catch up from our week of travels and business before ordering dinner. However, we ordered our drinks ... got our waters and the waiter just disappeared. Again, the place was packed and he had his hands full. Literally. This night seems to also be the 'trail ride' night. Where you can ride the trail and then have dinner here. I haven't done that. Maybe in the future. My boyfriend finally walked in after we waited a good 30 minutes for our drinks and found our waiter, who very apologetically, admitted to forgetting about us out there on the patio. Really it wasn't much of a worry. As we love the ambience and the sunset was pretty. Besides, there is a reason he and I are together... there is not a boring moment between us! (okay..roll eyes.. yep.. cheesy--ness to the maximum there).. He still takes his time to come back after our glasses go empty and re-up us and then take our order. Again.. we are pretty patient. But now we are hungry! I order the filet mignon petite steak, medium rare.. comes with a salad bar and bread. I opt for a baked potato, a splurge for me, on the side. My boyfriend gets the half chicken. I am not much on salad bars, as I usually think its less sophisticated than it should be for a nice restaurant, but I liked this one. Our meals came out in a timely fashion and we got another drink in a timely fashion, once all the trail riders were back on the trail and on their way. The waiter even sat down and offered up another apology. My steak was so good! I crave steak every now and then and its about the only red meat I eat .. and only rarely. Loved my boo's chicken. So yummy.. I kept eating it! I only bring my star down from 5 because I give the waiter that not the place itself. He sort of rushed for the check to be signed off so he could have a drink and told us that if our check was left open that he could not have a drink yet.. okay buddy.. We were so, so nice and patient with your lack luster service and NOW your pushing our nice buttons...Again .. I love this place and it's fast becoming a PHX fav for me.
5	Great place!  Fantastic food and atmosphere! One of the best steaks I have ever had!  You can ride a horse up to the place and tie up!  How awesome is that!
5	Best steaks ever!  I'm from Chicago and I was amazed!  Great service overall!
4	We typically don't eat out for steak. I make a pretty mean one myself, but had a hankering yesterday. Looked at 100 places here on Yelp and elsewhere and knew that I didn't want a chain and also didn't want to spent over $100 for the two of us, just for steak.With that said, I found T-Bone here on yelp and it looked like a fun place, not too far away and was shocked that it had been there FOREVER and I had never heard of it. So we went for it.The place it basically located on 19th avenue where it runs into south mountain. It's a cute western themed place with sawdust on the floor and checkered tablecloths etc.  It's not fancy, but staff was friendly and it felt very "neighborhood hangoutish" (yes, I just created a word). We both had the 12 oz rib eye, ordered medium rare, which came with cowboy beans, bread and a "salad bar." We got a bit of a giggle out of it since it consisted of some sort of green been and onion salad, iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, carrot slices and a few dressings. I will say that the lettuce was ice cold, very crisp and actually hit the spot. (OK, I was really hungry). We also added a baked potato to share.The steaks came out in good time and were cooked to order perfectly. They were both good, especially for the price. Not Ruth's Chris, but then again, our whole bill might have paid for a salad there.The best part was the bread pudding. It was dense, weighed a ton and was topped with ice cream and surrounded by whipped cream. Yum.I might have given this place 3 stars but the view at sunset combined with the friendly service, value for the price and great dessert bumped this one to a 4. This wound be a great place to bring out of town guests. Take them up to the top of south mountain, then cruise down and over to T-Bones to catch the sunset.
3	Great views and great steak. Did not rate it higher due to bad service and everthing but the steak was below par. Corn was cold , beans were blah and and lettuce was wilted.
1	OK. I will concede that the night we visited may have just been a very, very, very, VERY, VERY bad night. I have read multiple reviews (Facebook, etc...) that were extremely positive, and I find it hard to believe that the food and/or service we received could have, in any way, been perceived as positive.Let's start at the beginning...We were visiting from the D.C. area and scouted out places prior to taking the trip. After reading all of the reviews, we could not wait to sink our collective teeth into what was sure to be the best steak in all of Arizona. We walked in, and stood in the doorway (no room to wait) for about 15 minutes. I felt bad, as there was a family trying to eat right next to us, and as uncomfortable as we were, it had to have been much worse for them. We were finally seated, our drink order was taken, and when we finally received them, my (Coke/Pepsi) tasted like it had been sitting in melting ice for a while, as it was extremely watered down.Not discouraged, we placed our order and headed off to the salad....bar...? Not sure I would call it that. There was lettuce, some sort of (pickled?) green beans, onions, croutons, carrots, and three kinds of dressing. That's it. Limited, but hey, we were here for the steak!I got the bone-in ribeye, my daughters each got the filet, my son and his girlfriend split the much talked about 40oz porterhouse. Mine tasted like it was first boiled and stripped of all flavor and was severely underdone and under-seasoned. My daughters both ordered medium-well and I swear I heard the distinct sound of mooing coming from them. My son also ordered medium-well, and it was not just under cooked, but raw in the middle, and ice cold to the touch. He politely asked the waitress if she could have them re-fire "when she had a moment" and she proceeded to explain that it wasn't her fault, and pointed the finger squarely at the cook (gotta love teamwork). Once it came back, it was still WAY undercooked, but at least it was cooked this time. My wife, perhaps sensing danger, ordered chicken, which was quite good. Sides were just awful. Won't even go into that any further.Seeking an opportunity to salvage our meal, I noticed they had apple pie, and was game to try. Our waitress never even asked about dessert, and dropped the check on us, so sorry, I can't comment on that.Would be VERY hesitant to return, but I am still curious as to why they receive so many favorable comments. I must be a glutton for punishment, but to satisfy my own curiosity, will give them one more shot next time I am in the neighborhood.Oh. View was fantastic!!
2	STILL haven't heard from manager Kevin.  Will keep experience short.  Planned a surprise party for friend, we all work in the area.   34 RSVPd and 42 showed.   I got there early to decorate, 6/30 event date.  That night's manager greeted me and gave me choice of area.  Tables were set for 6 but only fit 4 comfortably.  Eyes rolled when I mentioned this, was told these were designated for us.  When more showed up, as often happens, better more, than less, I was told we could not overflow to empty tables.  Are you kidding me! Treat them as walk-ins and take their order.   One waitress commented, "That's why I hate working these events."    I thought the objective was to work for tips with good service.  When one person finally got waitresses attention, "You want another one ?"(beer) she'd had only one.  I could go on and on, but don't want to get irritated again.  AND an 18% gratuity was was added to everyone's bill. Many had to wait unreasonably long for food and service and felt gratuity too much.  I never sat down as I was trying to keep folks calm and happy.  The food was fair, nothing special.  I plan work gatherings often in the area, last one here.   Many of the guests live nearby and said they would not return.   South Phx. has many choices now, will book with them.  I called Kevin several times prior to event to make sure all was in order.  I've yet to hear back from him after event.  I've even emailed him on website saying, perhaps he'd like to call for feedback before I Yelped.   Crickets.    May be okay for a group of 4, not able to handle a large group.   Bartender started waiting tables and was very rude.   Need a steak house?   I've used Rustler's Rooste for 45 and have only compliments.   Yeah, my event was T-Boned, crashed with Terrible service.
2	STILL haven't heard from manager Kevin.  Will keep experience short.  Planned a surprise party for friend, we all work in the area.   34 RSVPd and 42 showed.   I got there early to decorate, 6/30 event date.  That night's manager greeted me and gave me choice of area.  Tables were set for 6 but only fit 4 comfortably.  Eyes rolled when I mentioned this, was told these were designated for us.  When more showed up, as often happens, better more, than less, I was told we could not overflow to empty tables.  Are you kidding me! Treat them as walk-ins and take their order.   One waitress commented, "That's why I hate working these events."    I thought the objective was to work for tips with good service.  When one person finally got waitresses attention, "You want another one ?"(beer) she'd had only one.  I could go on and on, but don't want to get irritated again.  AND an 18% gratuity was was added to everyone's bill. Many had to wait unreasonably long for food and service and felt gratuity too much.  I never sat down as I was trying to keep folks calm and happy.  The food was fair, nothing special.  I plan work gatherings often in the area, last one here.   Many of the guests live nearby and said they would not return.   South Phx. has many choices now, will book with them.  I called Kevin several times prior to event to make sure all was in order.  I've yet to hear back from him after event.  I've even emailed him on website saying, perhaps he'd like to call for feedback before I Yelped.   Crickets.    May be okay for a group of 4, not able to handle a large group.   Bartender started waiting tables and was very rude.   Need a steak house?   I've used Rustler's Rooste for 45 and have only compliments.   Yeah, my event was T-Boned, crashed with Terrible service.     Update 7/12.  Kevin called me yesterday to see why I was not happy.   I reiterated issues.   He said if others were unhappy they would have called.   I explained I told guests I'd handle the feedback.  Basically, he called me a liar.   He IS now getting calls from customers.  Arrogant manager!    This is the first time I've had someone so rude in a manager position and I host lots of events. Their loss.
1	Yuck, was hoping for good food so close by but once was enough. This place is not for foodies let alone for people who have even few taste buds left.
4	My family and I have been going here for years and I stopped going, not for any other reason other than just trying out other places. I recently went back when I seen a post on the Laveen facebook page. It made me want to go again, if only to see if things had changed. Nothing has changed, the view is still beautiful, it's still a cowboyish/girlish sorta place that has nostalgia. My husband had the combo and loved it, I had the ribs and they were simply amazing. They have a great kids menu too. We really like this place and we will go back. I would have given it 5 stars and the only problem i had is we got there right at 5ish when they open and it was really hot inside. They must turn up the air until they are open. It just made it a bit uncomfortable. But, all in all it was a good dinner and a pleasant evening out.
4	Steaks are fantastic, the chicken was completely melt in your mouth. Salmon was very delicious as well, they have an amazing grill. However, the environment really needs work, it's not a steakhouse environment. Was disappointed with the bread, it was not freshly baked, it was literally whole wheat Texas sliced bread from the store.
4	Yummy steak. Decent service
5	Excellent food! Humongous rib rack, couldnt eat it all.  Delicious dry rub steak cooked perfectly medium like we like it.  The cowboy beans are mildly spicey, not typical sweet beans i was expecting. The one drawback - Only vegetable in the house is on the salad bar.  Good wait service.  Got incredibly busy on the thur eve we came in.  Very popular local spot.  Worth the drive :)
4	Coming home from a movie I searched Yelp for somewhere new to try..  Like other reviewers said, this was near my house and I had no idea it was there.  My husband and I shared a 24oz Porterhouse steak for $24.  It was plenty for both of us and DELISH! We added a baked potatoes and it came with salad bar, cowboy beans, and bread.  It was an extra $4 for splitting the steak for me to get the sides as well.  We sat on the patio watching the sun go down and enjoying the beautiful view.  While we were there, a group came in on horseback.  You can ride from the Ponderosa, have dinner, and ride back.  We might try that another time.  There is a huge side patio that would make a great site for a dance or reception.
3	it was really tasty, but my meat was tough. can't really complain. wish I could give it a 3.5 stars. it really deserves it. great prices too.
2	Definitely not the best steakhouse in Phoenix. My T Bone steak was good but everything else was very plain.
1	The view of the Valley from the foot of South Mountain?  Check.  Now here's the rest of the story.It was our first visit there and over an hour wait was what it took before my wife and I were seated.  I knew it'd be a bit of an old western type place when we parked in the overly rocky, dirt lot, carefully attempting to avoid the scuffs and scratches that would surely follow if we bumped into the cholla and other desert vegetation I didn't want to run over while backing up to the edge of the dry riverbed cutting across that section of the lot.  I should've known better though when we introduced ourselves at the front door -- the tables were adorned with red and white plaid plastic tablecovers and the front facade of the building was clad with barn wood circa 1800-and-something.  I thought to myself, "ok, well, even though I've never heard of this place before, it popped up on 'google's review of steakhouses in Phoenix; it looks like we might be trying a place that rivals one or two of the other well known steakhouses in the Valley.  After all, there are a couple of others that have been around for 30+ years and they're pretty good, too."  Well, after placing our order, nearly 45 more minutes passed before our meals were served -- the Filet Mignon and a New York Strip.  We never learned the name of our waitress, but I guess that's because she was "busy".  She definitely mentioned that to us.   When dinner was ready, each of the steaks were neatly plopped on a plain, scratched white plate, literally, without an ounce of anything else to accompany them, no, not even a parsley snip.  Just a plain, boring piece of meat all alone on that plate.  My first reaction was - "is that it?  Is that  what we're about to eat?"  I sat there, looked at it for a moment and then looked up at my wife in silence.  I didn't see the mystery server, but from somewhere behind me, I heard, "I'll be back with your beans and bread in a minute".  Sure enough, the beans arrived with the bread, but by then, we weren't sure we even wanted them.  The steaks were mediocre at best -- the filet being WAY over cooked.  The beans you ask, well, let's just say that I wondered if we had been called to the back of the chow wagon by cookie because lemme tell ya, it must've taken a lot to open that last can of beans marked "best if used by February, 1842.  Oh, and by the way, yeah -- that bread.  I never knew they sleeved the loaves in cheap plastic bags back then.  The bread tasted like the plastic it had been stored in and the frozen butter my wife tried to use, well, I didn't have the heart to dash her hopes of trying one last time to make something of the meal.  I don't know anyone who would voluntarily opt for torn, plastic bread with a hint of butter instead of a nice, warn, homemade roll, or something.  I guess that would've cost more than our $50 would cover.  PS:  If you're looking forward to starting your experience at T-bone steakhouse with a nice salad, don't get your hopes up too high.  Be prepared to serve yourself, but only a leaf or two from the wooden bowl over ice.   That was the weakest excuse for a salad bar I've ever seen, ever.   P.A.T.H.E.T.I.C !
1	Do NOT waste your time or money here. Went to the T-Bone with a large party. Food was mediocre at best. Items like potatoes and corn need to be ordered al la carte... Once you ordered, they tell you to help yourself to the salad bar, which obviously came from a bag (iceberg lettuce mainly) that they threw into a bowl. they had some sliced up cucumbers and tomatoes. That was the "salad bar". Next came the Texas toast and beans. The bread was just a loaf of bread that you but in the supermarket. The beans also appeared to have come in a large can and had very little flavor. All of the food was cafeteria quality at best. Meals were served sporadically. The second to last meal came out well after everyone was finished eating and the last meal never did come out. The person that ordered it said she didn't want it anymore. The server was rude and when asked to speak with the manager, Kevin was less that helpful. Our party had a total of 5 meals that were not prepared correctly and one meal went back three times. The manager never offered up any compensation for four of the incorrect meals, not even a free dessert. Only one meal was comped... the one that was never received... We did request some separate checks and when we finally got the checks, we asked to speak with Kevin again and he didn't even bother to come out. Tip was already added to each check. Some of us were charged for drinks that were already purchased at the bar prior to ordering. If you still decide to dine here and pay in cash... pay attention to your change! The server actually shorted one diner 12 dollars change on the bill, the server was then heard complaining to that manager about the group calling us an ungrateful bunch. Pretty shameful behavior considering we were very patient and spend better that 500 dollars to the T-Bone...I am hoping that T-Bone Steakhouse actually READS these reviews and takes them seriously. I have read quite a few of these reviews (you need to sort by date to get the most recent) and MANY of them are not from happy campers.
5	Don't pay attention to the snob reviewers. No, it's not the best steak in Phoenix. If you have to have the best of everything everywhere you go then that says all we need to know about you.If it's busy,  you're going to wait.  We call that "science". I really liked my steaks each time I have eaten here. Last trip I spotted someone eating some really good looking ribs. I'll have to try those next time.Come for a decent steak,  a good meal,  interesting atmosphere and a great view at night.
5	I went there about 4 weeks ago. The ribs fell off the bone! the best tasting ribs ive had in years. The steaks are bomb!! again I highly recommend this place, the wait is definitely worth it. The ribs are absolutely amazing!!
4	As soon as you walk into T-Bone Steakhouse you jump in a time machine to a much simpler time.  No frills or thrills just your choice of meats or fish cooked over mesquite.  This is a converted adobe and river rock house from the 1920's.  The whole ambiance of this place is old school western.  If you're over 6'4" you'll need to duck inside some spots of the restaurant!  The views of Phoenix from T-Bone's are beautiful.  The only thing that they did not offer which I wish they did was a tour of the converted house.  This place is so out of the ordinary and a tour would make you want to appreciate the place even more than just for their steaks.  Your meal comes with cowboy beans served up family style for the table along with a visit to the salad bar.  The salad bar is just like this place, very simple.  You will find the bare minimum but it does the trick.  I understand that they're not a proper salad bar and will not complain.  T-Bone's prices for their meals are on the lower end for what you are served.  Can you find a better steak in Phoenix, yes but not at these prices or backdrop.  A good meal with a good view along with good company is a winner in my book.  Our party has a couple 12oz Boneless Rib Eye Steaks.  These cuts where excellent with very little fat but tons of flavor!  We had a 8 oz Filet Mignon, the only complaint is that it was butterflied but a good cut as well.  We also had a Smoked Bone-In Chicken Breast & 5 oz Filet Mignon combo.  The complaint on this one is that the chicken breast does not say bone-in on the menu.  Our table also shared a very warm brownie with ice cream and whipped cream topped with a cherry that the table raved about.  The complaints from our table are very minimal and will not prevent me from going back.  Do not attempt to drive in their elevated dirt driveway and parking lot in a lower clearance vehicle.  You feel a bit out of place if you're not on a horse.  I am now a fan of this place and can't wait for a "out of towner" to bring here.  I brought my father in-law who does not require much to be happy, T-Bone's did the trick.
4	First time at T Bone tonight. Too many accidents on the road, so the missus and I stopped by on a Tuesday night at 6:00. One other couple here - ominous. Maybe they can't get past the traffic?We were greeted immediately and had our choice of tables. Took a window table and Lean provided menus and silver. Had to send the silver back but got our wine/iced tea ordered. My wife ordered the 8oz filet, which came with salad bar, cowboy beans and bread. She also ordered mashed potatoes. I ordered the 1/4 chicken and 6oz steak, which also came with salad bar, beans and bread. We cozied up to the salad bar. All the veggies were cold and crisp but not many options. Lettuce, toms, cukes, croutons, onion/green bean mixture and dressings. Nothing special but at least it tasted fresh. My wife loved her steak and mashed pots. The were prepared well and she ate every bite. My steak and chicken were both a bit over cooked but the chicken was seasoned so well that it survived the flame. The steak was tough, for med-rare. The cowboy beans are not our fave, so I only tasted them. The bead was sandwich bread served with butter. Disappointing. We will try T-Bone again on a weekend when there are more folks out. It was a VERY windy night and I think most folks stayed home. We like excitement when we dine out and like the interaction with other guests.
2	I was not impressed at all.  This place used to have a view for the four or five tables that are by the window.  But, with the housing development encroaching on it, the view is not very good at all.  And, if you're not at a table with a window, forget it.The food was decent.  Salad bar was pretty lame.Tables are picnic tables, with benches without backs.We drove from Chandler ... it wasn't worth the drive.
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE. Out of the "nightly special", which was, ribs. Strike one. Waitress for some weird reason thought we ordered already when we hadn't. Just getting water to the table was an issue. Strike 2. While waiting for our dinner, we decided to visit the salad bar and there was an empty ranch container. So we waited for that to be refilled. Then we waited 35 min to get our dinner & the chicken was cold. Strike 3. If I were the owner I'd fire my entire staff and that goofy GM and start fresh. Not going back.
2	Okay,Well I have lived in Phoenix my whole life and this was the first time I visited this place. Needless to say I am not impressed. The chicken was great but the rest well very expensive and not that great. I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was completely watered down. Not sure how but yeah. We ordered the filet and it was pretty dry. The ribs were dry and fell off the bone too easily. Other than that the bill was hella pricey.. The service was good it wasn't horrible. Would I go back? Probably not. Not for that price.
3	I never knew this place existed until about 6 years ago when I was working in the area.  Just never had the time to get up to it. I guess the time it took to get here, you really start to expect something special from a place that doesn't advertise. What's more- it's a Steakhouse so you would expect that to be a specialty. Prices are average for a "good" steakhouse, but this could not be classified as "good".  As soon as the steals arrived to the stable, you could tell the meat quality was not that great. Even the 8 oz filet that was cooked medium rare was tough to eat.  The ribs were ok...they presented well on the plate, but still not a great meat quality.  The salad bar was DEFINATELY not much of a bar and had basic, basic- lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes. The ranch was out as well. The view is truly amazing. We sat by the window closest to the door and it was pretty breath taking. Even with the development around it, there is no finer view of our beautiful city.I asked a lot of questions to learn about the history. The restaurant was once a house that was converted in the the 50's, so it has been here awhile. Well decorated and fun atmosphere. The tables are picnic tables and just symbolic of a simpler time.To be honest, this place "could" be one of the greats. I won't be going back anytime soon which is sad because I love out of the way places that offer something different.As a final note- the apple pie was awesome and truly home made. If you order, just ask them to heat it up as room temp pie is just not good!I hate not being able to give this place 5 stars- but really no other choice and I think 3 is being generous!
5	We have gone here EVERY time we go to Phoenix it is a must!!! Service was amazing! I love that the manager walks around and treats you like you are family. The food is OUTSTANDING. I've tried a few different cuts of steak, i like mine rare, it was cooked PERFECTLY!!! The fish is amazing if you don't like red meat, also the chicken is unlike anything I've ever had!! They grill over mesquite that's the secret!!! Also the ribs!!! If ribs don't fall off the bone I send them back. The meat was like butter so tender!! If your looking for a true down to earth old west steak house that's not fancy just GREAT FOOD GREAT SERVICE AND A VIEW OF ALL OF PHOENIX THIS IS THE PLACE!!! Or if your looking for a great meal without breaking the bank they have it all!!!! My taste buds are going crazy again!!! I have yet to find any other steak house like THE T-BONE!!!!
1	I had a ribeye - it was tough - wouldn't go back
5	There are times when I think my Yelp presence is needed (well, need is a strong word) and there are times when I'm just basically saying "me too." Other people have done a fine job with the reviews so I'm just writing because I like to opine.My favorite subplot here is the salad bar debate. Yes, this is well below average in the popular metric VORSB, value over replacement salad bar. The purpose here is to get a little bit of cucumber to feel less guilt about the meat you're about to enjoy.We can agree that there are better salads in the world, but T-Bone offers beautiful mesquite-grilled steaks. I got the bone-in ribeye, an excellent piece of meat perfectly cooked and seasoned. The cowboy beans and the bread are strongly recommended.The setting is a fascinating location at the edge of South Mountain with a nice view of Phoenix. Someone described it as rural. I didn't know if that was possible given that Lowe's and Starbucks are around two miles away but now I understand.
2	First off let me say that the view is phenomenal. However we didn't go for the view. We went for the food. My wife had a ribeye and I had a dry aged New York Strip, bone in.The steaks were average, nothing special. They are also very pricey. For the amount of money we were charged I expected a top notch meal. That's not what it was, it was average.My wife ribeye was very fatty. I expect some good marbling but this was way too much. It was cooked the way requested but again, not worth the cost.My Strip was dry aged so I expected a really deep flavor. Again, average at best.I read a good deal of these reviews and several people raved about the cowboy beans. People said they had a nice "kick" to them. That could not be farther from the truth. They were absolutely bland. No flavor, no sweetness, no tang, nothing.We had a side of corn on the cob and a baked potato and 3 beers between us. The grand total was over $70.00. I really expected a lot more.Overall I probably will not go back. Not unless they line their prices up more to what they are serving. Average food at high prices.
5	A maze ing!!!!!!!  The ribs were the best!  It was a full rack of tender flavorful yumminess. I would definitely go again.
