1	I bought a Groupon for this place...$49 for a cleaning.  I was really excited about it since I hadn't had a dental exam in awhile and I had a tooth that was bugging me...I figured I could at least find out whether it was a cavity.The office location is in an old building off of 19th Ave just north of Indian School and it's hard to figure out where to park or even where to go once you get in the building.  And while they've done a decent job trying to make the inside of their office look better, the whole place still feels a bit dismal...maybe it's the lack of lighting?  Anyway, after arriving and filling out the paperwork, they took me back and proceeded to check my gums and give me x-rays.  The hygienist and tech were curt and not particularly friendly, but they did their job quickly.Then the hygienist informs me that they cannot do a teeth cleaning on me because supposedly I have periodontal disease.  hmmm.  so, I ask, what causes it, where is it specifically, etc.  Turns out that I have some spots in my mouth where the gums are too deep.  There are three spots, 2 of them on each side of the tooth that hurts and one on the other side of my mouth next to one of my back molars.  Why three spots=periodontal disease, I don't know, but my bigger concern is "do I have a cavity?"  I get the stat answer "the doc will have to look at the x-rays and tell you that"....So, in comes the Dr.  Her exact words were "You probably have a cavity back there."   what????  probably??  So, I ask "What do you mean 'probably'?"  "Well, I would suggest that you go ahead and get it filled since it's probably a cavity, but we can't really tell right now."  ???  Um...I remember back in the day, when I had an awesome dentist, that there was no question to my dentist whether or not I had a cavity...you either do or you don't...period.  Why is this Dr. so confused?  look at the x-ray, poke around at my tooth and and answer yes or no...that's your job.  I'm not going to get a tooth filled just for the hell of it!The doc then leaves and the office manager comes over to get me.  Confused, I ask, "Aren't I going to get my teeth cleaned?"  I am told that since I have periodontal disease they can't clean my teeth and that I will have to fix the periodontal disease first.  I am baffled that they can't avoid the two spots in my mouth...but fine, refund my money and I'll be on my way to another doc that can actually figure out whether I have a cavity.No luck getting my money back...in fact, she whisks me away to a room they've set up with creepy posters of periodontal disease and leaves me to read a pamphlet about it.  When she returns, a full 5 minutes later, she proceeds to try and sell me their periodontal disease treatment...a whopping 875 bucks...complete with the "your teeth are going to fall out and you have to get this done soon."  She tells me that this is the "discounted rate especially for Groupon holders" and that they will apply my $49 credit with their office to the total.  Feeling like I'm in some sort of multi-level marketing meeting where they're trying to sell me a get rich quick scheme, I tell her that I don't have that kind of cash laying around.  Unfortunately, that doesn't phase her sales pitch at all.  She says they have credit financing that I can apply for right then...yes, kids, I can take out a loan to get my teeth cleaned...only 20% interest.At that point, I'm thinking it's candid camera and someone's going to jump out and say "just kidding...hahahaha, we really gotcha!"  But no such luck, I decline the loan offer and leave their office as quickly as possible...no refund, no teeth cleaning, and no clear answer on whether I have a cavity.I'm giving this place one star for these reasons:-incompetent dentist-ridiculous sales pitch...they clearly need money if they want me to get a filling just for the heck of it!-not giving my money back or at least cleaning my teeth-dismal office(Incidentally, my husband went to his dentist and they said he had periodontal disease too.  They did a regular cleaning on his teeth that day and then told him to come back for several deep cleanings, which only totaled $500!)(as of 11/18/10:  I went to my hub's dentist.  I don't have periodontal disease and I don't have a cavity.  huh....)
5	I've been going to Gentle Hands for a few years now and I can honestly say I actually look forward to going to the dentist...this is new for me because I've always loathed the dentist chair...but they have such a great team of super supportive techs and admin...they remember me every time...drop me a line to remind me about appointments or just to check and see how my flossing is coming...not well, but don't tell them!  Long story long...give them a shot...you wont be disappointed!
1	Wow finally a place to put my rant!! This place cant be more unproffesional!! I had my fillings done in this place and swear to God i will never ever ever go back...okay let me first tell you the trouble i been to, first i went and got a cleaning plus fillings then the doctor recommended a root canal i said i would do that after the fact i go back home to my country, all i wanted was to get a filling and kill the pulp or whatever they term that, oh my mom is a dentist but shes not here, so i know what i was aking the dentist to do. After few visits i Had to forcefully ask the dentist not to ask me more about root canal and other stuff, and by the way they charge u 25 dollars for miss scheduled visits even though they schedule u 3 months in advance and dont give u a call to say that its your turn the next day. Anyways when i got all my fillings and cleaning done... I paid more than i should have i mean, i asked my insurance and they said why u paid for "toothpaste, toothbrush, dentist fee, rescheduling fee" this are all not supposed to be paid on ur wallet. To cut the story short the place keeps sendin me mail saying i owe them money when my insurance said they already claimed and talk to them!! For god sake this place is a rip off!!! Just let me know when u meet the lady who accepts phone call, do assist the dentist, clean the garbage and yeah do all the dentist doesnt do, talk to u, u can sense how phony she sounds like. Also the dentist is pushy, pride, boastful and very very arrogant !!! NEVER EVER GO TO THIS PLACE PLS..
5	The care here is first rate, I loved them and didn't mind going there. I only left because they dropped my insurance.
3	I've been here about 3 times and I've had a good experience all 3 times. My biggest problem is the prices. I have awesome insurance, covering 80% of procedures and 100% checkups and cleanings. Despite this, I got charged at my last visit $350 for a cleaning an 2 fills. Not knowing any better, I paid it and off I went. I brought my BF in because he had a toothache and no insurrance. He paid $125 for X-rays and a checkup. Then the bill comes with all the work that he needs done. To fix his toothache was $4000.00, but the total for all the recommended work was $13,000!! Are you kidding?  So we went to another dentist across the street. X-rays and a checkup- $35. And all the dental work + deep cleaning was estimated to be $1800.If you want friendly service, this place is great. From Randie at the front desk, to Dr. Sadre, and the hygienist, Cece. But money may be an issue.
5	There was a different company and different staff and dentists before . In the past few years they did a 180 and i wouldn't go to a different place. What I love is professional staff, technology that makes the experience as comfortable as possible and the dentist that has totally calming effect on me and can easily finds solution to any problem we encountered so far in my jaw. Anyway I have been there probably 15 times in the past 2 years and - if I wasn't happy I would look for someone else. It is not close to me but I don't mind the drive. Cleaning: the old company had a butcher that made rude remarks. The new company has the nicest, professional staff and they will measure the gums every time . The experience is nothing short of positive.
5	From day one this office has helped me over and over from every concern or questions that I had. I really appreciate them and all that their staff has done for myself and my family, from scheduling a time that best fit my needs, to being  able to set up a reasonable payment plan. You guys are the best. Thanks Gentle Hands!!!!
5	I had a great experience with Dr. Sadre. I don't have good insurance so I bought their in house dental plan. This plan was cheap and  it saved me quite a bit of money.
5	I really can't say enough good things about Gentle Hands Dentistry! I went there for my Invisalign treatment and teeth cleaning. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and willing to answer questions. Plus, they have a Nintendo 64 console in the waiting area I would have died for as a child!
4	I was waiting to review this office until I had gotten a better idea of how they operate. Well I am glad to say I've only had positive experiences so far! I actually am one of those crazy people who purchased a Groupon for Invisalign but now that I am 2 trays in, I can safely say I wasn't scammed or anything lol. The groupon was 2800 for Xrays, trays, teeth whitening, and retainers (which is basically the last two set of trays) and it all seemed a little too good to be true so I was initially very hesitant in buying it. I made an appointment fairly easily, purchased my groupon, then went in for my Xrays and molds a couple days later. They told me it would only take 3-4 weeks to get my trays in...But it took over 2 months! They kept telling me there was a delay with the manufacturer, but part of me wonders if it was because I was a "Groupon patient"...Anyway, by the time my trays finally came in I was on vacation from school and back home in California. I was also going out of the country on vacation so I just decided to wait to pick up my trays when I returned to AZ. They only had a Saturday appointment a month out, which worked for me because that was the week of my return. I came in and Dr. Sadre put buttons on my teeth and fit me with the trays. An assistant went over the instructions for use and what to expect. I was sent home with 3 sets of trays and scheduled to come back in 6 weeks. Overall I like this office because I feel that the staff is very friendly, helpful, and most importantly patient in answering my questions. I never feel rushed at any of my appointments and they give me the freedom to call in and ask my questions. Dr. Sadre is very comforting, knowledgeable, and very "gentle" in all the procedures. I guess thats where they get their name! No sore mouths or teeth when I leave here, I don't feel like I've been punched in the jaw or anything haha. Trust me, I've had that feeling at other offices, especially because I have a fairly small jaw. Also, she doesn't have an ego or attitude problems!! I work very closely and take classes with dental students at my University and lets just say they've left a bad taste in my mouth, no pun intended ;)  I will update once my treatment is complete and when I have more services done at this office.
1	I was completely annoyed and disappointed with Gentle hands. I bought two $49 groupons a couple years ago for myself and my 6yr old son. They did clean his teeth and didn't try to sell me anything. With me they said I had gum disease so the $49 cleaning didn't apply instead they tried to sell me on invisilign.......uh hello? Am I dying? Why would I straighten my teeth if I have gum disease? What can be done? what does that even mean? They didn't seek to answer any questions but rather handed me off to someone in another room to do the hard sell on invisilign...what a total waste of money I essentially spent $100 for the teeth cleaning of a healthy child with no issues? what a rip. Don't use this company....don't buy the groupon.
5	I did a lot of research before choosing to see Dr Sadre.  Her prior military experience and dental training in the Midwest made her the perfect choice, and her personality and professionalism were exactly what I was looking for.  My previous dentist had given me a multiple page print-out of all the dental work that I needed to have done (and I never did), and Dr Sadre was able to get my work done in 2 visits (on-lay and then 2 fillings) so I trust her judgment. I usually am seen in a timely fashion and everyone is very friendly.  My son lost a filling and was able to be squeezed in right away for an urgent visit as well, so they do try to accommodate you.  I am glad to have found this office!
5	I have been going to Gentle Hands Dentistry for a few years. I have received fillings, veneers, deep cleanings, regular cleanings, and a crown there. They have always been flexible with scheduling, often allowing me to come in during the evening or on a Saturday as I have a difficult schedule. One time, I was scheduled for an appointment and suffered a medical event- my blood sugar was 26 as I was getting into my car to drive, and I needed to be treated in the emergency room. I called them on my way to the hospital and was afraid I would have to pay a cancellation fee, as I was cancelling literally within minutes of my appointment. Randi was so kind and told me "It isn't your fault, we will reschedule, feel better". Before I had insurance, they had an office insurance plan I purchased that was cost-effective and allowed me to begin the treatments I needed while I searched for a job with benefits.
4	Dr. Sadre is a tooth artist who has made my bad enamel teeth look fantastic! She is truly a professional with a great chair side manor.
5	I'm feeling good about my new dentist. I normally see Dr. Sadre however I somehow cracked two teeth and needed to get in right away she was booked solid so I booked my appts with her associate dentist Dr. Sabat. I work myself into a hot mess over changing dentist. Happy to say Dr. Sabat was great! She couldn't have been more accommodating, I came loaded with load music to drown out the sound of the drill however I lost my earbuds.. They had an extra pair to give me.  I explained my fear of that  the dentist and she and her staff were understanding and made my appt as enjoyable and relaxing as a dental appt could be. They put a wedge in my mouth to prop it open and somehow I feel asleep.. Lol there a serious amount of construction right in front of their place leave enough time to get in. Another God thing is I don't have dental insurance I bought a in house plan that gave me great rate. Dr. Sabat and Dr. Sadre are a shop small locally own business. I found them because I own a small business near by.. I wanted to stay with a locally own business, I'm glad I did.
5	Dr. Sadre is fantastic. She pays attention to detail, is professional, and caring. I moved from out of state and was worried about finding a good dentist, but the staff immediately made me feel at home. They have even been able to squeeze me in for some dental emergencies. I recommend her to all my friends and would never go anywhere else.
