4	Well thanks to the corporate culture most Starbucks provide very similar coffee and "dining" experiences so I'll focus on the intangibles.This Starbucks is in a little complex with a large covered patio, so plenty of seating and shade. Also, this Starbucks is generally open until 10:00 pm. It is the Starbucks open the latest that is not built into another store or casino.
4	This is my go to Starbuck's after donating blood.  It's on the way home, and the taste of the espresso is especially good then.I have always had good service here and the drive through wait is usually not bad.  The parking is bad, but it's the design of this section of Boca Park.
4	When I need coffee, I need coffee.  And it's not pretty.  While I stumble through my order, nice cashiers and baristas with good attitudes and a lot of patience are appreciated.  The staff here is super nice so I'll go out of my way to go to this location instead of the location closer to me at the 10000 block of Charleston.  Also, the drinks taste better - although that could be a byproduct of the niceness.I also like that they have the English muffin sandwiches.  (When I'm really tired, I'll order an egg mcmuffin, which is always amusing to the Starbucks cashier.)  Not all the locations have them.  Plus this location opens at 5am and closes at 11pm on weekdays.  Very convenient, especially for Summerlin where a lot of places open late and close early.When I'm less tired and have time to just hang out, I'll go to a local coffee shop.  However, it's nice to have a consistent product and an ordering system I somewhat comprehend in a dazed and confused state.
4	Starbucks are all the same, but this one has amazing baristas who are completely forgiving of those who walk in as zombies in need of a caffeine fix; and I appreciate that!! I usually stick with teas in the morning and the tazo lemonade in the afternoon, but when I'm ready to transition to coffee I'll come here to get my fix~
4	I've been coming here for a good amount of time to study for a big exam of mine coming up. They keep the place pretty clean and it has nice leather couches and regular seating. The coffee is good and the baristas are polite and helpful. Bring ear phones though if you really need to concentrate. This place is fairly high traffic and people love to have conversations with friends here. That's not a bad thing though, if anything it adds to the atmosphere which is friendly and accessible. Enjoy your ridiculously long drink order here!
4	I really don't think I need to review a Starbucks. Honestly, if you haven't been to a Starbucks, I doubt you have a Yelp... And if you do, get off of it and go to Starbucks! They have great drinks for coffee lovers and coffee haters alike as well as tasty treats! Also a great place to sit and read or do some homework/studying.
3	Starbucks is fine, but there's usually nothing special about the individual stores. This is no different. The beat feature here is that there's a drive thru that's not too slow. That's actually the only time I visit this starbucks.
5	This is my go-to Starbucks when I'm on my way to work. I work early, so I always go here right when they open at 5. All of the staff members are always super friendly whenever I go here. I'm impressed that seemingly every person at this Starbucks is cheerful and very nice that early in the morning. 5-stars for that. As far as the drinks go; it's Starbucks. There isn't really any difference between this location and any of the others I frequent. The review is for this location so I feel like writing about the quality of Starbucks coffee in general isn't really the point. The staff get the 5 stars here.
3	So we live pretty close to this one, and I'm a semi frequent visitor. I usually get the passion tea or the iced coffee with hazelnut and milk.Now, I'm not one of those normal Starbuckers who knows all the lingo, so this past time I went I asked for a "pump" of hazelnut in my coffee (I wanted to sound cool!) and the lady asks "just one? or do you want a set?" WTF?! I froze! I was like "Uh yea, the second one" I could hear her laughing, then a man came on and repeated my order. Not nice Starbucks lady! Anywho, my iced coffee tasted like shit, but my son loved his warm cocoa and the mini scones I purchased for the bf's dr and receptionist looked HELLA yummy!!I'll probably go back since its close, but I guess I better learn the terms.
4	Evening crew is better than the morning crew.
3	I like most Starbucks. The only thing that can ruin a Starbucks is poor management, since otherwise they are very much alike.  Although restaurant size and the presence of outdoor seating and sufficient outlets for laptops do affect my review.This Starbucks has always been clean when I've visited, and has friendly staff. It's not particularly large, but I've been in smaller ones. This is one of the stores that serves food- a few sandwiches, cheese plates (yay, brie!), etc, along with cookies and pastries. No complaints!
5	This is my favorite Starbucks. Everyone there is super friendly (makes me wonder if they put anything in the coffee for employees...LOL) but not the fake friendly that is annoying -- very authentic. Based on the level of service, the place is managed well. You see a lot of the same people there everyday. Ample outlets for computers. Cozy place to take your laptop and get some work done or simply kick back and have a drink.
4	My favorite coffee with a drive-thru. Great customer service!
5	I'm a regular here, have been before yelping. The location is very nice, as well as the accessibility to get your coffee. Whether it be inside or a quick ride through the drive-thru. Always friendly service and they're always attentive to your needs. I don't know about you, but my coffee has to be just right!!
4	Yup, this is a starbucks. It has a drive thru. Next.
5	Is there a rating above 5 stars?? What is there not to love about this Starbucks, located at the cross streets of Rampart and Charleston. There has never been a time when I see this Starbucks dirty, out of supplies or anything negative. Even when they are full and packed, the employees still make time for me, the customer.They are always friendly with a smile, and provide me with customer service that is above and beyond. Many times Starbucks frowns upon complicated drink orders, but this Starbucks works closely with their customers to achieve the perfect drink!From the manager, to the employees, to the environment, everything at this Starbucks is phenomenal!
4	Iced coffee is the business! A friendly staff and fast service!You can't complain when they give you what you ordered quickly and with a smile.I am boring, and an iced coffee black is hard to screw up, but they got it right!
5	Yet another great Starbucks location.  A+
3	I have my set Starbucks but this is one that's closer to work.  My only gripe and I have a lot usually.  The barista behind the bar has a disconnect.  I over heard him say he was over his day.  Which I'm assuming he's had a rough day.  But think about a person who's just beginning his day and going in to get a pick-me-up.  Really not gonna have a good experience if there's a grump behind the bar.    Also the few times I've ordered they always fall short at the bar, whether it be a messy station to an over poured drink, which leaves the bottom or the sides of your cup sticky.  One time I had to ask for a second cup, because the delivery was soo poor.  I used to work for Starbucks and I took pride in my work.  I just wish people still did.
4	The baristas are always friendly at this Boca Park location.The parking and outdoor seating here are cramped, it looks like they had to carve out a portion of the parking lot for the drive through entrance.The drive through is usually pretty busy but they process the orders quickly. Inside you will find some comfy seating and tables where you can sit and work or geek out on yelp while enjoying your favorite beverage.I frequent this Starbucks often and have never had an issue with my order or the drinks.
4	The baristas are always friendly at this Boca Park location.The parking and outdoor seating here are cramped, it looks like they had to carve out a portion of the parking lot for the drive through entrance.The drive through is pretty busy, seems like it's usually faster to go in. Inside you will find some comfy seating and tables where you can sit and work or geek out on yelp while enjoying your favorite beverage.I frequent this Starbucks often and have never had an issue with my order or the drinks.
1	The barista at the pick-up counter inside the store for several hours on Sunday, Dec. 15, 2013, belted out, in a screeching voice that caused people to come to attention, each time their orders were ready (she's sort of short in height and has reddish/light auburn straight hair). It was almost comical at some point. I was there working on my computer and noticed customers exchanging glances with each other as it continued loudly. The other employees were great -- business-like, friendly. But she was robotic and appeared to be on a mission, hollering out in a loud, high-pitched voice as each order was completed and placed on the pick-up counter. I'll avoid ordering there again if she's inside working! I'll go across the street to Whole Foods, where there's no screeching!
2	Every time I come here they are out of their sweets. The latest and greatest are the Salted Carmel Squares. I tried it once at the Ft Apache Starbucks and since they've come out I've never been able to get one at this location, they are always out and this is the location closest to my home. Employees are friendly for sure but I hate not getting what I want when I want it.  Hey Starbucks try keeping more than 3 a day in stock ;)
5	Starbucks SECRET menu... ShhSwirl Pow Hot Chocolate One Word: Orgasmic. SweetBitterNot the other way around.-TM SheilaCotton Candy Frapaccino Mood: Sweetly satisfying-TM KK
5	AWESOME CREW! I had to place a last minute order of 2 coffee to go boxes and pastries for 40 people at 730am and they pulled it off with smiles on their faces and still managed to keep the line of customers going! Thank you Sal and your crew for saving my day!!!
5	Love the staff at this Starbucks, always friendly and polite. Which is important because this location is always busy given that it is in boca park.
4	This location is ok. Smaller location, so seating is limited.
5	Oh well what can I say it is Starbucks. It's a must-have every morning. I Like this Starbucks & the drive-through service is pretty good. Friendly with good customer service. They are rarely out of anything.  GO HERE!!!!!!
4	This is the best Starbuck cafe location I have ever been to. They put a long table for customers to read something or study pretty much in the center of the cafe. Electrical outlets are easy to find on the wall and plug in your electronic devices. The employees are very nice and friendly. During the week, they close at 10:30PM but they don't kick you out at 10:30 sharp unlike other Starbucks cafe locations I have been to. You can stay on for 10-20 more minutes, not that you should do so but they don't rush you out. I really appreciate their outstanding patience and hospitality.If you come visit Las Vegas and want to get a coffee or a cup of tea, try out this cafe. You won't be disappointed, I guarantee.
2	Although, I love my Starbucks a few times a week and this particular location is the closest to my house... I will drive further just to avoid going here. Unfortunately, I have had too many unpleasant experiences at this location. The crew seems to be ever changing (not sure if this is due to the fact that this location is deemed a training facility or not), more often than not they get my order wrong, & and one time I swear I was served a drink made with sour soy milk. (I of course asked the Barista to remake it--which I don't like to have to do, but the first one tasted so bad it churned my stomach for the entire day)Furthermore, I find this all very unfortunate considering the fact that this location is very spacious and has a great amount of seats & plug-ins to hang out and use the free Wi-fi. However, the last few visits I opted out of coffee & only ordered tea to try to enjoy the atmosphere--big mistake! I usually enjoy the hustle and bustle of a coffee shop, even find it to be soothing, but not here. Way too noisy! Overall, I guess I find that there are differences from location to location even if the menus are the same. For me the people make it or break it, and there's just not enough consistency at this location. -B
5	Starbucks is life. Every morning I wake up and get my vente chai tea latte. The staff knows my name by heart and literally Angela my coffee gal pal gives me life and inspiration. The smell of Starbucks gives me a sort of buzz and the caffeine makes me fit and ready for the day. I may be called a basic white girl but I don't care because Starbucks is life
5	Starbucks in Boca Park till 10 p.m.I like this Starbucks on Charleston because it's good place to work.They have long table in the middle of cafe. And it's open till 10 p.m. That is quite convenient when you have plenty staff to do. I like work in library too but here is coffee too :)
3	I don't know why I go back.....there is always a really long wait. Today I waited 18 minutes in the drive thru...
2	I don't like to write negative reviews but this place is so dysfunctional and unorganized. They took forever to make my wife's peppermint mocha, i handed them the empty creamer so they could refill it for not just me but the next guy. Fast forward couple minutes later I'm still waiting, I asked how much longer it was going till be to fill up the creamer...I get handed a cup with cream in it? Note to self, take advantage of a Starbucks being on every corner and go to another one next time.
4	While I definitely understand that a Starbucks drive-thru in the morning is always going to be a little hellish, this place definitely eases that pain and makes it just a wee better when you need a latte in the morning.The first time I came here, they messed up my order - frappuccino instead of latte.  What?!  I didn't want to be "that guy" in the drive-thru so I just took it and left.  It was still really, really good... just cold.  In December.  Oh well.The second time I came here, they were on point and with a few cars in front of me it was relatively fast.  The drive-thru is kind of unfortunately located as if there is a line you basically have to been in the driving area between shopping complexes.  (Maybe that's why they try to speed through the drive-thru orders?)  Other than that, it's fine.  The employees seem to enjoy their job here unlike other locations I've visited.
