3	My Quicks R C story...First off let me tell you some background.  I recently have become addicted to R/C cars.  I have a HPI Savage, Traxxas Revo, and HPI Blitz.  I have purchased them all used.  These all came from private sellers.  Each of them have had their issues and from time to time I have had to see Clay @ Quicks.  If I would have written this a few months ago when I first walked in, I would have written this review much like the ones all over the internet.  I walked in on Monday and it got really busy around the lunch break time.  I had luxury of time that day so I let several people ahead of me so they could do their business and leave.  I also got to see some of the issues that the owner might have with some of the customer base.  There were several people that came in wondering "What was best" or "What part to put on next" and he would go through the pros and cons of whatever upgrade with customers.  They would nod their head, and say thank you and leave.  I know that this doesn't seem like a huge concern unless you boil this down deeper.  These people are using Clay for his knowledge and then are going to the internet and purchasing the upgrades that were discussed, or at least that is the perception I received.  I do think the owner is very brash and really needs to learn how to talk to the customers and to not write them off as soon as they seem to waiver.  I don't personally know anyone that works at Quicks but I know the extremely high knowledge of most everything out there.  On more of the main stream items he could spit out part numbers without having to look them up.  The reason I was at Quicks that day is the Savage I purchased from a friend of mine is in dire need of some normal day to day parts.  Screws, plastics, and grease were the purchase of the day.  Not a huge purchase at all.  Maybe $20.  I did however get to see something from the owner-Clay that I hadn't previously noticed.  He looked the truck up onside and down the other.  Not in an attempt to sell me more items but to tell me what might fail later on and some things to watch out for. In short, in this one interaction with him he has changed my opinion.  I can tolerate his short and abrupt way of handling me, but he is just providing for his family.  I hope he will be able to develop more as a business man and a customer service rep.
2	Like the previous commenter.  This guy seems knowledgable but his customer service sucks.  I heard him talk to a customer that had bought a battery brand new from him the previous day and instead of offering a return because the battery wouldn't hold a charge he told the customer to contact the battery manufacturer.   Really??    I don't think I'll ever go back
5	Been here twice, good service both times. Honest and helpful. Even give you a break if your paying cash. Lucky I had some coin in the cup holder as my purchase today was minimal. Thanks guys.
