3	I come here every so often to pick up a hat or visor.  This location is hit or miss for what I look for.I'm a Lakers, Dodgers, Cowboys, & USC fan.....they typically have all of those teams except USC.  Every once in a while I'll find a USC visor that I like, but that's about it.The store is a typical Lids store and is located near most of the restaurants & bars near the movie theater in Town Square.Will I return?  When I'm window shopping @ Town Square.
3	Would you believe that I don't have a UNLV hat? Well that changed today. I stopped by this Lids location during my lunch break, picked up my much-needed Rebel cap, and then hit up Johnny McGuire's to get a sandwich.If you're familiar with Lids, this location is nothing special. For my needs, they have an excellent selection of UNLV head gear. They seem to perpetually have a "buy one get one half off" special. I really don't shop for hats often, but this is something I've noticed. Also, even if you buy just one hat, I think it's worth getting their Lids membership card. It's only $5 and it gets you 20% off all hats. If you buy a hat that's at least $25, it's a no-brainer. At that point the card is free, so why not.
5	I had no intentions of purchasing anything when I stopped in here, initially. I frequent Town Square because of its unique environment and variety of shops. It must have been fate that my boyfriend and I stepped into the store. Of course, there are Lids everywhere, but this location, by far, proved to be one of the best in customer service and satisfaction.I ended up speaking with Jason (who I've just recently found out is the store manager there). I was looking to get hats done for the restaurant I work at, and was just trying to get a good idea of what sort of designs they offered. I ended up buying 2 hats for the big bosses THAT DAY after seeing the sort of patience he had with me during the design process, complete with raised embroidery, and their names on the back of the hats. Both for about $70. This was actually a joint gift from the entire staff, and once I brought them over to unveil to the rest of the staff and present it to the 2 bosses, everybody was so pleased with the overall design of the hat, that they all wanted one!I ended up going back to Jason again, and getting a dozen more hats! He was very helpful and extremely friendly! We now have customers asking us if we are selling the hats! Seems that they all like it too! Who knows? I may be making another stop over.Now, whenever I need some hats customized, I know exactly where & who to go to!
1	I ordered a hat 4 days before Christmas.  I was told that it would arrive by Christmas Eve.  I went back to the store on Christmas Eve and was told it did not show up and that I would receive a call when it did.  I went back a week later and still nothing.  I asked to speak to a manager and the girl who said that she was the manager could not even track my order or offer any help.  What's the point of a manager who can't provide any customer service???  Instead, she gave me a customer care phone number to call.  I called later that evening and was on hold forever.  I eventually hung up, figuring that their call center was closed.  It would have been nice to hear that before remaining on the line.  I called the customer help the next day and spoke to a rep.  She told me that there was no expedited shipping and that's why it didn't show up.  She then said that I should have paid for the shipping to get the hat in time for Christmas.  The salesman in the store did not say anything about it and said it would be here in time!  Had I had known, I would have paid!!!  I then ask if I could get a refund and the customer rep said that I needed to go the the store to return the hat, even though it's being shipped there.  I have worked in service for a long time and this was some of the worst service I have received.  I never usually complain or write negative reviews, but this really bothered me.
