4	I had heard that Jim Gould's kitchen and waitstaff were slow and food was overpriced, so I went in expecting to sit around at my table for 2 hours waiting for a flavorless $30 steak.  Instead, my waterglass was never empty while I was able to have a fluent conversation with my guests without feeling put upon by our waitress, and my $15 pasta dish tasted like exactly that.  The menu is on the expensive side for resaurants IN CHAMPAIGN, but let's face facts for a moment and remember that if we want to eat rack of lamb with dried fruit compote, it's going to cost more than $6.00. I got a little over-design whiplash from the interior, because 90% of it is this upscale steakhouse vibe but then they have a mondo tacky hunting lodge shale fireplace up against one wall ugly-ing the dining space up like the ugly elephant in the otherwise tastefully appointed room.  Same problem in the bar; it has nice white leather couches and a huge wine cellar but then big neon Amstel signs up in the windows.  If I can convince my friends that I had a good time here over the tidal wave of bad press this place gets, I'll definitely go back.
5	i'm with sarah.  i don't know why people are so critical of this place.  the food is good and the service is under control.  so considering there are like 5 places in champaign to eat a nice meal, you should definitely enter jim gould's into your rotation.  food of note:  their pancakes get paraded to all of my out of town guests, i swear they are the best i've ever had including any pancake house which claims these as their specialty.  for lunch you should try the salmon, it's got a very yummy (and i generally don't like salmon) pistachio dill glaze over it which is delightful.  for dinner go with the seared yellow fin tuna if you like that sort of thing, you'll be pleased.  sunday brunch is good because it has a nice selection of fresh options combined with the usual brunchy foods.  but the tables are a bit crowded so you should specify when you make a reservation that you want a booth.  if you can get one, you'll be protected from the crowd.ask to sit at the window and on a nice evening you will enjoy all the revived activity in downtown champaign.  their coffee is a tad on the weak side so just don't expect anything to wake you up.1/26/07 editok, last night we had a great dinner...perfect ginormous shrimp cocktail, they could have even tried the "prawn" thing but hey this is champaign, fresh ceviche, that pistachio thing they put on the salmon...i'm telling you...yu-um...but then out of nowhere came this mountain of puffed pleasure.  jim and his beautiful wife tanya happended to be eating there as well and decided to hoodwink my fitness plan by sending out this platter (we do have 3 children) of warm beignets covered in sugar and surrounded by these perfect little scoops of raspberry ice-cream.  then to make matters worse there was this delectable icing drizzled all over the platter underneath the beignets.  Now let me tell you something, i can normally pass up stuff like this when i'm focused however, this ice cream could go head to head with the best i've ever had including real italian gelato.  when someone figures out a way to bring up the real essence of a fruit and then let it linger on your tongue while you're enjoying the perfect weight of cream from the medium, you have to celebrate this.  A serious hidden treasure, i would have never known this existed.  i'm thinking lunch at jim gould's today just so i can get on some of that ice cream again...who cares about fitness when this ice cream is living in champaign!
4	This place may not tout fancy fusion cooking or have a whimsical gimmick (a la "tapas") like many of CU's other upscale restaurants, but I think the food here is ultimately the most satisfying. The atmosphere here is soothing and candlelit, even though the design is like a mockup of every single "upscale steakhouse" stereotype. I found the service was wonderful, especially since they let my boyfriend and I split a large steak, which we never could have consumed alone. The tender, juicy steak came with warm buttered bread and soft pillowy sweet potatoes with brown sugar. For dessert we had the towering sweet strawberry cake. It is really a steakhouse, but they had lots of other tasty looking options. I would definitely recommend coming here for dinner, but make sure to make reservations beforehand.
4	jim gould is fancy and so is the food. its not like out of this world amazing but its good. if you wanted to go on a nice date you could go there. the chicken picata is very good and flavorfull.and after for desert you have to get the biefnets served with homemade  ice cream . depending on how much you eat and drink wine it can be anywhere from 20-60$ a person
3	I have been to this place for breakfast, lunch (including their lunch buffet), dinner, and Sunday brunch, and the only thing I have found memorable is the brunch.  Nice offerings, though a little low on salad items.  Lots of good breakfast items, including eggs benedict, omelet station, waffles, and cheese blintzes, and hot dishes a step above the norm.  Usually there is fish in a chutney, pork, London broil, etc.  I'd give the place 4 stars for just the brunch, but the other meals have just been unmemorable in terms of presentation, service, or both.  It's a nice space, and I am sure has a huge staff to keep things running.  But there are too many other good options in the area, except for brunch.
5	This place impressed me a lot. I went here both nights I was in town on business. The first night I just visited the bar and had a wine 'flight.' The bartender was pretty cool. I took a look at the menu and knew I had to come for dinner.I came the next night for dinner. The dinner didn't disappoint! First off, the bread was really good. So that's a good sign. I ordered a starter, a soup, an entree and shared a dessert.Starter: We started off with the stuffed mushrooms. They were really tasty.Soup: Next I tried the Onion soup. OMG. To this day, this is my favorite Onion soup in the world. I have French Onion soup anytime i see it on the menu. It's one of the few things I'm still craving food wise in the past couple of years. The broth was made of Guinness and I can't tell you how good it was. Mmmmm.Entree: Apple Amaretto Chicken. This was also really good. I can see why it's a favorite!Dessert: Amaretto Creme Brule. I really liked it, but my friend thought the sugar on top was a bit too thick.Overall: The service was top notch and the food was really tasty. I also really liked the atmosphere. Best of all, the prices were really reasonable. I would totally go back in a heartbeat.
4	Recently, I took a client here along with several VIPs that I work with. I was slightly suspect when my waiter showed up and he looked 12. He wasn't. He was all grown up and purely professional, down to his excellent wine pairing recommendations that perfectly suited my palette. My out of towner client was stuffed and content, and quite impressed with Champaign's finest. To top it off, Jim Gould himself handled my bill, and made sure that everything was in perfect order. Now that's what I call service.Oh yeah, don't sleep on the breakfast. Kicks a$$ and is most definitely worth having to park a block away.
2	I've only been here for breakfast twice, and the food is quite good and very reasonably priced (at least by Chicago standards).However, the service is dreadful!  If it had only happened the one time, I would have chalked it up to a bad day, but both times I've been I've had to wait for menus (the second time I was asked if I'd decided before I'd even seen one), and most recently I ordered something (a side of bacon), never got it, was charged for it, and then told (when I noted that I  was charged for it) that "Oh I could easily get that for you."  Now I've never been the type to pull a Five Easy Pieces, but if it were that easy, why didn't you bring it out when I was still eating?The first time it was actually absurdly funny, because Mr. Gould was eating at the next table over with his whole family, yet the waitstaff still screwed things up left and right and were decidedly blase about it.I'm sure the service is much better for dinner, but I can only judge based on my breakfast experience--if you're going to be open and serving customers, please do it right!
1	Totally overpriced. The menu is blah, the service cane be extremely slow and both times my food was awful. NOT a fan. The only thing they have going for them is their location and outdoor seating. I ordered the fried oysters, and got horribly sick...they came out first and were burnt, then out a second time and were just obviously disgusting and old. I only ate one, and it was the worst oyster I ever ate.
2	Had breakfast here and found the quality of the food to be comparable to Denny's at prices that are nothing like Denny's.   A very disappointing dining experience.
3	For the price, it's OK. The fish I had there was pretty tasty as were the vegetables and potatoes. My dad definitely enjoyed his steak too. The wine list is apparently not bad either. In the end, I guess there was nothing wrong with it, but nothing that was making me want to come back either.
5	Jim Gould has become the defacto fine dining experience for our family in friends.  I am sorry that Matthew L.'s experience was not satisfying, but I have never had anything less than a great time.  In particular the bone-in ribeye is  just unbelievable.  In fact, all the steak and chop items rock.  Also, whenever I order the rich Alfredo pasta dish, I am compelled to share it with all at the table, because it is so good.  And as for the service, one of the reasons it has become our fallback restaurant, is precisely because the service is professional, attentive and on totally on the customer is king program.One other comment is that the Sunday brunch compares very favorably to the Ritz's in Chicago, which is high praise indeed.  I love this place.
4	I was surprisingly impressed by JG.  The service was quite good (especially considering there were about 15 of us in attendance), the layout of the restaurant itself was rather nice, and the menu, while not especially imaginative, seemed solid.I had a tasty potato and sausage soup, followed by the chicken alfredo (which admittedly is a hard dish to mess up!).  To finish, I tried their homemade creme brulee, which changes frequently.  This was creme de menthe, and while it was a little heavier than I would have liked, it was still pretty damned delicious, I must admit.Mostly, however, my time was buoyed by great conversation, and an appreciation for a wait staff that is thoughtful and polite, particularly when you have 15 people of color from a conference getting their grub on, as it were.I was surprised and mildly delighted by you JG.  Good work.
5	I eat at Gould's once every other week.  I trust their service and menu.  Conducting business is the goal.  I am 95% of the time meeting a business partner and talking business.  Gould's ensures that the LAST thing I have to worry about is the food and service.  Service stays in the back ground, I get consistent food, and those I bring have NEVER complained.  This is the place for conducting business (although my wife and I enjoy the outside seating for dinner too).The food is excellent and fairly priced relative to service and venue.  I have never been disappointed on menu or with specials.  I can see that Gould works to provide menu items that are staples and new options that offer options.  I have had no complaints from family, friends, or business partners regarding options.  So that leads me to confirm my own belief, that the menu has options.I would also point out that you will be "seen" at Gould.  I rarely go there without running into someone of importance or of note in Champaign-Urbana. Which adds to their value.  When you know you will be seen or have a chance to run into business associates, it adds to your lunch and dinner plans.
4	2.5 stars for good but not out of ordinary food,1 star for the pleasant and classy service and environment..5 last star for awesome sweet potato chips.
3	College towns are always difficult to gauge, especially in terms of quality food.  U of Illinois is your typical midwest university plopped in the middle of nowhere with hicks aplenty but also many spoiled chicago students.  so....seeing that food is very important to me, i googled/yelped heavily before going to visit my sister to ensure that i would have sustenance options.  jim gould showed up and the menu was pretty decent so i made a reservation.  we went there for lunch on a saturday and it was actually quite delightful.  the server was a little red-necky but sweet in his simplicity.  i ordered a chicken sandwich with goat cheese and proscuitto which was very good.  also orderd at the table was spinach salad and the veggie grilled cheese, both voted to be tasty.  we were in and out quick and it was fairly inexpensive.  in a midwest college town with minimal choices, go to jim gould!
2	I wont belabor the point, but when I pay decent money for a meal, I expect professional cooking and service. The undergraduate (my assumption), under-trained (my assertion) employees that prepared and served our meals were underwhelming (my conclusion).The menu items sounded very interesting on paper, and after reading the glowing reviews by others here and elsewhere, they sound tasty on the Internet. Unfortunately, the real life execution did not match my expectation. I suppose it is like watching a movie based upon a book you love. You have the highest expectations for what sounds like a great dish, only to have your hopes dashed like so many Hollywood adaptations.Comparing everything in Downtown Champaign to Chicago is obviously not a recipe for universal satisfaction, but when one pays Chicago money for innovative-sounding dishes, a certain skill in execution is expected, but not attained by Jim Gould's. In a similar restaurant on the  North Side, you could expect your meal to be served by someone who waits tables as a career, not as a way to pay for books and booze. I give 2 stars because nothing was terrible, but nothing was good. There are probably 10 better restaurants for the same price in CU. If you have been to each and every one of these, then give Jim Gould a try. Hopefully your experience is better than mine.
4	We were treated fantastically by the staff, and the ambiance was fantastic as well.  Enjoyed the live jazz band, had an extremely leisurely dinner, never felt rushed, and mostly enjoyed the food.Food assessments: Ceviche--delicious.  Fresh and fantastic.Complimentary bread--perfect.Caesar salad--standard but great, crouton was a bit too crunchy.Apple Amaretto Chicken--the only slight disappointment.  The skin was fantastic but the rest was a bit dry.  The apples underneath were tasty though, and the whipped potatoes alongside were top-notch.Filet--I suppose at a steakhouse, you should be ordering steak.  And this steak lived up to expectations, was perfectly cooked and deliciously seasoned.We had no issues with the staff or owner (although we didn't encounter the latter).  Overall we had a great meal, although I'd go for something other than the chicken next time.  But it's definitely a restaurant I'd frequent again... if I could afford it.
4	We went to Jim Gould on a recent weekend evening.   The restaurant is located in a large, airy, well-lit room.  The menu includes something for everyone. The wine list includes a number of by-the-glass choices.  We enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and the filet mignon offerings.  Service was efficient.
4	We have been there twice, once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch.The Sunday brunch was very good with a large selection of great food.Dinner was good but not great.
4	Go here if you're looking for fine dining with a slightly modern twist. Nothing on the menu struck me as new and interesting in terms of flavor combinations, which made it a great choice for dining here with my family who can be picky. It's definitely expensive but the food, service and atmosphere make it worth while.
4	This place was pretty much what I expected:  a nice, kind of fancy, kind of pricey steak house with great food.The place:  Me and my boyfriend went here for our 1 year anniversary and sat outside on a Tuesday night in June.  It was pretty empty- but that was kind of nice.  There were probably only about 5 other tables at any given time while we were there, but since we were outside it seemed quiet and nice rather than deserted.  Staff were all professional and friendly- no complaints there.Drinks:  I really loved the "wine tours"  Jim Gould's offer.  They offer you 4 different 2 oz. servings of 4 different wines all for $12-16.  There's 4 different "tours" to choose from:  (I think) a pino, a cabernet, chardonay, and a "bold reds."  I got the bold reds tour.  It was great.  For the price of 2 glasses of wine I got to sample 4 different ones- and I didn't get suck with a glass of wine I didn't care for (I really don't like sending things back just because I don't know what to order.)Food:  Complimentary bread was perfect- soft and warm.  The crab cake appetizer was AMAZING!  I'm not really the biggest crab cake person- but J Gould's put chopped up kiwi and mangoes on top of their crab cakes.  I never would have thought to put the fruit on top but it was DELICIOUS.  Me and the boyfriend then ordered the Filet (10 oz. medium) and the mushroom pasta and both shared.  The filet was a great piece of meat.  I am NOT a big red meat person- but I even ate the center that was rather pink (as medium should be).  It was great.  Definitely NO need for any steak sauce- GREAT flavor.  Very tender cut of meat.   The mushroom pasta was FABULOUS.  If you like mushrooms at all- go for it!  It was a GREAT dish.Overall I really enjoyed this place.  Total bill was $75 for the items previously mentioned.  Not too bad- I knew going into the meal that it would be expensive.  If you're looking for somewhere nice to go for a special occasion- definitely consider Jim Gould's.  Location is great too.   Ooooh and I've heard the Brunch buffet is fabulous.
1	My husband and I went to Jim Gould to celebrate my birthday.  I ordered the Yellow Fin Tuna and could not eat it because it had a horrible smell/taste.  When I notified our waiter, he told me that he thought I might think that because others had felt similarly.  I ended up just sharing some of my husband's meal.  When our credit card statement came in, we reviewed it and noticed that Jim Gould had added an additional $18 to our bill.  We called Jim Gould to advise them and told them that we had the original receipt to prove it.  They said that a manager would call us back.  A few days later we still hadn't heard from a manager.  We have since called them numerous times and they will not return our phone calls.  They are crooks and I would like to warn others to compare your credit card statement to your receipt after dining at Jim Gould!
5	For Central Illinois, this is as good as it gets.  I have had plenty of outings here for lunch, dinner and Sunday brunch and all I can say is that all of my experiences have been great.  The service was excellent and the food has never failed with its high standards.  If you are planning on going, go for Sunday brunch, its decently priced and the food will not disappoint.
1	this report from a co-worker today.FYI - Used Jim Gould for box lunches today and was disappointed.  I ordered turkey wraps, roast beef wraps, and grilled veggie wraps.  I ate one of the veggie wraps, and it was just strange.  The pasta salad was not very good and the fruit cup was disappointing.  H***** had the roast beef and he agreed, it was disappointing as well.A bit of feedback just in case you were considering them for an event.
2	Eh.  I'm sorry Jim Gould's, I think you've changed and not for the better. Went for our anniversary dinner last night, and despite having a loud and obnoxious group of drunk out-of-town conference attendees trying to impress one another with their wit and cleavage seated right next to us, figured that the food, wine, and service would compensate.  It didn't.  At half-price, the glass of shiraz I had was overpriced, and slightly chilled. My kobe beef burger was bland and not particularly tender.  The brie on top was flavorless.  Pommes frites were good, though I'm fairly confident they were not "truffle oil misted" as described.  But still, yay pommes frites.  My husband's beef medallion "special" was itty bitty and overcooked.  Also, despite being described as a special, was listed on the regular menu, and for the price that we were charged.  So, neither the dish nor the price were "special". Which brings me to the strange service: when we made a remark about the odd "$1 wine shot" feature (seriously? a shot of wine?  served in a shot glass?), the waiter replied "yeah, well, we're trying to compete with KoFusions $1 sushi.  They're really busy over there and we don't get many people on Mondays"; later, we overheard another waiter tell a customer "well, we've changed our menu.  We don't have specials anymore.  Our specials are just things on the regular menu that we want people to order."  And, though our service was courteous, it was slow but harried, despite the relative non-busyness of the restuarant.It's too bad.  I used to quite enjoy Jim Gould's, but we're not likely to be in any hurry to go back.
3	Dined at Jim Gould's last night with a group of old friends.  The restaurant was not very busy and we were happy to be seated in the small private room.  Most of us ordered the dry aged steaks, which were very good.  Served with buttery mashed potatoes and haricot vert. Thought it was telling about CU diners when the server felt the need to tell us that they were "little green beans" or maybe we just didn't look very sophisticated!  Others had the scallop special and ahi tuna salad.  Wine was half price - still pretty expensive at that!Since I had met Chef Benjamin previously through his Parkland classes, he had invited our group for a kitchen tour after our meal.  We all enjoyed that.Seems like Jim Gould's is on its way back up as a fine dining restaurant.
5	Great service even before closing. We ate outside. The food was great. For appetizer had the thai crab cake. It was very good. Husband had the coffee to drink and said it was the best he had ever had. I had their chicken and he had their scallops and shrimp. The scallops were a bit rubbery, but everything else taste great. Great for a romantic dinner or a business meeting (there was a meeting going on beside us).
3	Best ceaser salad in town!  I do happen to love anchovies, and this restaurant literally has the best anchovies I've ever eaten.  The restaurant location is in a hip and vibrant area, but with dim lighting (which I love)...I have been very pleased with the service.  Younger servers, but they are trained well.  My steak was tender and food amazing.  My only complaint is the price.  Some of the items are overpriced for the midwest, but the ceaser salad will keep me coming back!
4	had a bad hangover.  went in for lunch.  needed a big-ass burger.I chose the angus burger with gouda, barbecue sauce, bacon and a fried egg.  hangover went away.Bartender D### was awesome.
3	I hate to sound pretentious and say this place is overpriced because it is in Champiagn.... But it is overpriced because it is in Champaign.  The food and service are very good, but certainly come at a large price.
2	came here for a rehearsal dinner and the food was pretty decent. then i came back for brunch and the food was dry. i had high hopes since everyone has mentioned their brunch is great. however, i was a bit disappointed. service was less than stellar.
3	I'm glad Jim Gould's exists, so there's somewhere nice to go in Champaign for a special date that isn't Biaggi's or whatever. But man, it's just not worth the price. Good things: The waitstaff is nice and patient, attentive but not overbearing. Making reservations was a breeze. The ambiance is lovely, and I think they do live music on weekend nights. I remember being there once and hearing live jazz, which is cool. The food: meh. I had the dry aged New York strip steak, which was good.. but I've had way better steaks for the price, and even better steaks for LESS than we paid. It came with whipped potatoes and "seasonal vegetable." The potatoes were skin-on half-mashed red potatoes. How is that whipped at all?? The "seasonal vegetable" turned out to be the biggest disappointment: it was essentially green beans from a can. Come on!! GREEN BEANS aren't hard to get right! They're even good frozen and steamed! The beans were seriously the kind of thing I'd expect to see on the buffet at Ryan's. The wine is ridiculously overpriced. I didn't even bother ordering any, because I don't even like wine that much. Stuck with the blackberry jasmine iced tea, which Za's does better for half the price.I didn't even see the bill, but I assume it was a bazillion dollars. I know my entree plus a wedge salad would be 29.95 + 6.95, so I figure it was $60 before tip, easily. Boyfriend is a fancy gentleman and kept me from doing my usual nosy restaurant cost analysis. I wasn't upset by the experience, but next time we have a fancy date night, I'm going to suggest going elsewhere.
5	Happy celebration at Jim Gould with a meal which far exceded my expectations!I realize that you are in a happy mood when your child graduates from college and so that happiness might spill over to wherever you go to celebrate.  BUT I had also lost a very expensive chocolate diamond earring in the midst of the ceremony and was still in a tearful shocked sadness about that.  And we still had a great time - that's one hell of a good meal!We were treated very well with superb service from Pierre and three amazing appetizers - Ceviche, Crab cakes and Calamare - I loved all three of them.  Then we all got our meat on and had various steaks with tasty veggies and potatoes.  We even managed to split a delicious strawberry cake and very satisfying lattes.Great day, great meal and no more tuition payments.  And if you see an errant chocolate diamond earring, send it my way!
4	fancy place! came here for my friend's rehearsal dinner. service was great. food was great. it was the perfect atmosphere for a pre-celebration. we were given a pre-fixed menu with lots of nice options to choose from. i had the house salad and salmon entree. the salad was good, perhaps too much greens vs the other ingredients in the salad. the salmon was cooked perfectly and a good portion size. for dessert, the bride and groom had brought in their own cakes to serve so i can't comment on the desserts. it would be a good place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion. be ready to throw down some cash though. =P
2	I've eaten here once, but once was enough for me.The problem here wasn't so much that my meal was outright bad or the service was poor or the meal was too pricey. It was a combination of many small things which, when weighed against this restaurant's reputation, simply dulled the dining experience.I took my ex-girlfriend on a date for our anniversary and to commemorate her performance in a local play. She ordered the Chicken Piccatta, while I ordered a Surf & Turf dish: Steak and Lobster Tail, to be precise. The service was on the slow side, even though it was early and the restaurant was nearly empty. The waiters were friendly enough, but with no one in the restaurant, our food came far too slowly.As far as the food went, my partner's Chicken Piccatta was incorrectly seasoned; it was far too lemony, which overpowered everything else in the dish. My steak was underdone (I ordered it medium rare, it arrived rare), while my lobster was overdone and slightly tough.All of this food was extremely expensive. Now, I understand that steak and lobster tail are not exactly cheap, and I don't mind paying high prices for good food. However, when I pay those prices, I fully expect perfection with my meal, which this restaurant did not deliver.In summation, this restaurant billed itself as THE fine dining restaurant in the Champaign/Urbana area. However, though advertised as a 5-star dining experience, this restaurant only really delivered a 2-3 star performance. By themselves, I could forgive simple mistakes such as overseasoning or overcooking a dish, but not when so many of these mistakes are made in one meal, not when this place advertises itself as being utterly upper class, and certainly not at those prices. You can get a far better dining experience with better food at better prices at several other places in Champaign/Urbana.
4	Came here for pre-dinner drinks with my mom over the winter break. I got some frozen peach bellini drink which was delicious and HUGE. Halfway through the drink, the bartender filled up the rest of my glass with more champagne!! This was back when I didn't really drink and hadn't eaten any food in many hours, so, needless to say, I got a little fuzzy. My mom had 1 or 2 drinks and was a little silly herself. We made great conversation with the bartender and with some random other dude in there eating, who decided to stop by and compliment us on how pretty we both were, which naturally turned into a debate on climate change and global warming... After here, we walked on over to Escobars and had a delicious dinner. This was a really lovely evening spent with my mom and Jim Goulds definitely helped. In the past, I have also had their Easter Brunch, which was DELICIOUS and had a huge variety, albeit cut short by a tornado warning.. whereupon, we were all forced into this back hallway, drinks and all, until it was safe to come back out.They're a little pricy, but coming here for drinks and appetizers would be something I'd recommend.
5	Jim Gould is as good as it gets for the Champaign, IL area.  I had the pleasure of being part of a private party that had dinner here, and we had the rare opportunity to learn about how the establishment was revitalized and reinvigorated the Champaign community.Coming from Chicago, IL, Jim Gould reminds me of a classic Chicago steakhouse, except with much more space.  The ambiance is softly lit, I really like the interior wooden awnings and yes, you will be dining with white tablecloths.Entree items are priced high for the area but reasonable for what you are getting.  My yellow fin ahi tuna entree salad was well worth the $16 base price and this may be the best compliment I can give a Champaign, IL dining establishment: I slept well after dinner.  Honestly, if I do not have a satisfying meal, it is difficult for me to sleep.  My Jim Gould's meal was satisfying on multiple levels.Based on our talk with the owner, it appears that the restaurant will try to offer some lower priced items to make it a more regular place rather than a special occasion place that most people know it for.  Definitely check back.I also have yet to come here for their infamous ~$24 sans tax Sunday brunch.  Maybe I should treat myself, and so should you.
4	CLOSED PERMANENTLY on 12/23/2011.  Too bad -- while it wasn't my favorite, it was one of the nicer restaurants in Champaign.  Food was good if not spectacular, but Jim Gould was a place to go for a good overall experience -- not just to 'refuel.'  The live jazz was a treat; when it disappeared earlier this year, I wondered if they were beginning to loose their uniqueness as a Champaign dining experience.  I'm sure competition from Destihl on the opposite corner played a part.  So long, Gould.  Here's the story from the local newspaper: http://www.news-gazette.com/news/business/economy/2011-12-28/downtown-champaign-restaurant-closes.html
1	Out of business. I guess mediocre food combined with high prices and poor service isn't a sustainable business plan after all.
1	closed!
