3	I got gas here and snacks. What more do you want?
2	C-Stores like this one are why I wish Quiktrip would expand out of Phoenix and just bury them with healthy competition. It's easy to get into, kinda tricky to get out of especially if you want to get back to I-515. The gas pumps are up to date and are spaced reasonably well to get in and out of. Inside the store is cluttered but relatively clean. Service can range from ho-hum to where did they hire those people? Overall I will stop here but I've seen much, much better C-stores than this one.
3	On the drive back to Phoenix, I forgot to fill up in Vegas, so we had to stop here to fill our tank.  It was Sunday afternoon and this place was a zoo!  There were 2 to 3 cars deep on each lane....wow, didn't realize there were that many people who forgot to fill up, ha ha!We patiently waited, although some a$$ with Utah plates cut us off a lane and smirked at us.....what a jerk!  Some people are just plain rude.We filled up and went on our way back home.  Didn't go into the convenience store at all.Return Factor - 50%
3	Thrifty Ice Cream Alert!  Yes they sell it by the scoop here located in this convenience store at the gas station on the corner of  Horizon Ridge and Horizon.  What's awesome about it is they sell it 24/7! It's pretty inexpensive for $1.69 a scoop.  20 different flavors including popular Thrifty classics like Chocolate Malted Crunch and Black Cherry Vanilla.  Served in a sugar cone or bowl. The waffle bowls are extra charge. Ice cream is sold in a separate section right up front at cashier check out area.  The employees I first encountered were less than thrilled though to have to scoop ice cream non stop during the day. And they're probably gonna hate life even more, when Thrifty Ice Cream fans find out they can have it anytime day or night..  You may have to wait in line a bit since they deal with being the cashier for customers buying gas as well. I was so relieved to see they do follow standard health precautions and wash their hands each time you order ice cream especially since they  multi task and handle money exchange as well.  Sometimes they do have somebody dedicated to serving ice cream. It's a busy lot but there is enough parking spaces to accommodate the constant traffic. It's well lighted late night too.  No worries on 3am ice cream run here.  So now you know!
