5	After moving to Phoenix from Massachusetts I was concerned that I would have a tough time finding a good mechanic.  Fortunately yahoo user reviews pointed me to McKay auto.  I have always felt that AJ has charged me a fair price and unlike other shops he doesn't try to sell you things you don't need.  This business practice will keep me coming back as well sending others his way.  Even though his shop is a distance from where I live I will still make the drive in order to ensure my car get's taken care of.  A plus is he has a Toyota certified mechanic on site so I knew my Lexus would be repaired properly.  Thanks AJ.
4	Glad this guy is right around the block from me. I believe they will check your vehicle for free and let you know of any potential problems. He doesn't rip you off and the prices are competitive. He will, of course, give you some pointers and let you know of other potential problems as well (I still need to have them check out my oil leak; I think it's coming from the rear main seal).Last year was a doozy, though, trying to pass emissions. Failed 6 times altogether. AJ was cool about it, though. Apparently, my brake booster was messing up the vacuum, so he told me I needed to replace that, so I went and bought a new brake booster, and installed it. After that, one of the guys there (Tony I believe, who has done most of the work on my dad's van and my truck) found that my carburetor was messed up from bad gas (which I got at a little hick town filling station up by the Mogollon Rim).Although my uncle was able to do carb rebuilds, I had AJ do it instead (labor was a lot of money, of course). Most of the stuff they did on subsequent emissions test failures was free, though. I did have, in one instance, a spark plug loosening from the block and came undone, so I was running on 7 cylinders and didn't even know it (luckily it didn't ruin my engine). The next day, I took it in and it passed.Tony didn't hook up the HEI distributor's electrical completely, though, and after passing emissions, it came loose, and my truck stalled and wouldn't start. I popped the hood and saw it dangling, and thought I hooked it up right, but I guess I was wrong.I had it towed to their shop, dropped off the keys (as it was after closing hours), and got a call early the next morning that that's what it was, so they didn't charge me for that, even though I had already passed emissions and that's all I went to them for in the first place.This year, I took it through emissions and it passed with flying colors on the first try. I'm just never going to stop at a random, no-name gas station in the middle of nowhere for now on.
5	HONESTY    pure and simple. My truck would not start and thought my starter motor or  solonoid, ignition switch may be at fault. Had it towed to A J McKay's Auto Repair and it was a simple 25 cent fuse which he replaced at no charge and no charge for the diagnostic of the problem. Many other shops would have 'found something wrong' and charged me an arm and leg to fix a non-existant problem. I will take my two cars and truck to them from here on out. Just outstanding, honest, personal gentlemen that care for and about the customer! In fact, I'm taking my Nissan there tomorrow for some work. These guys are simply outstanding!!!
3	Ok so I recently relocated from California to Arizona and can I say? It is HOT over here. So when my ac stopped blowing cold, I almost cried. I knew it had leak because i put freon myself and it leaked super quick. I took the day off from work to go to a mechanic up the street who said he would see it first thing. I couldn't go on driving like this in 3 digit temperature.  When I got there he said he was slammed and to come back later or leave my car and come in 4 hours and see if maybe they could get to it...Are you kidding me?? I was pretty frustrated at this point and drove around hoping ANY repair shop could see me. Nobody was willing to even take a look at it. I probably went to about 6 places. Some guy even told me he would need to put dye in and wait 3 hrs to see if leak would show. My last shot was AJ'S and I'm glad I stopped. The guy up front I guess saw my exasperation and said his guy was going to lunch pretty soon but he would have him check car so we can at least know how long repair would take.  He then came and told me that it was a low side service port (whew!) He said luckily they were about to repair everything was available to them and if I agreed with price we could fix.  that they would repair and load the freon- in about 30 min. I guess manifold hose also showed leak and at that point that would be another repair. It was a little more than what I was ready for. He was very gracious and said he understood and to think it out. I ended up going with a friend of my brother in laws to fix it. I can't blame AJ'S for being more expensive as he does have overhead. But all in all a really nice guy and I won't forget soon how he was so quickly able to see me when everyone else would not. The only reason I gave it 3 instead of 4 or 5 is because my car wasn't really fixed. Otherwise best mechanic I've been to
