4	Pretty good and super cheap (not in quality but in price).  Lunch specials are varied and plentiful.  I like that they allow you to chose between fried rice and steamed rice as I do not like fried rice with my saucy chicken dishes and most other Chinese restaurants have it fixed on their daily or lunch specials.They serve good portions for a fraction of the price of competitors.    This is my new place for those weekdays when I do not want to cook, want good food but have little money to spend.  :)
3	This is our go-to lazy Chinese place and is great for what it is; filling, sweet, and salty delivery.  Their prices are very low, the service is friendly, and the delivery is always fast.  The lunch combo is a giant portion for $5, but I'm not a fan of their fried rice; it's really salty and greasy, but a lot of my friends like it.
4	Love the selection to choose from. Prices are great. Food is hot and very good. The only thing I don't like is the "fried" rice. To me, it seems like it's just white rice covered in soy sauce. It's not fried and there are no eggs or veggies in it. They are very quick whether you eat in or carry out. All in all very good and affordable.
5	I don't see why there are negative reviews of this place.  I am authentically chinese and love chinese food.  This place is a gem in Huntersville, NC of all places!  Having lived in New York City, San Francisco, London, Taipei, and Los Angeles, this place is pretty good for food on the go. Perhaps the previous reviewers didn't know what to order. I would recommend the General's chicken, fried dumplings, and singapore rice noodle.  Super delicious! Their beef with broccoli is superb as well.  I also LOVE that their portions are HUGE and enough for 2 meals.  Economical.  :) They never claim that the brown rice is "fried" rice.  It's a healthier, well-seasoned alternative.  Don't hate. I love the concept and it's delicious!
1	Egg roll-not very good. No brown rice and the sesame chicken was too sweet with one broccoli stalk!!  So go down the street to one of the other places. It was cheap so I did get what I paid for!
4	this is my go-to chinese place. i love them! the owners are really nice but their other staff seems to have high turnover. i am always talking to a new person every few days but most are pretty nice. only one person really messed up my order. in any case, the food is consistently yummy.
2	Husband and I stopped in Chia Bistro during the lunch special hours. The food was less than delicious. We sampled the hot and sour soup, Hunan beef and sa cha chicken. All the dishes lacked flavor. The egg roll and fried rice that accompanied the meal was clearly prepared days ago and reheated.
5	I just finished my dinner that I picked up tonight from Chia Bistro. This restaurant happens to be in my neighborhood, so I thought I would give it a try. I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but I really felt like giving credit where credit is due. I ordered scallops and mixed vegetables. There was a generous helping of large scallops that were cooked to perfection and delicious. Also, there was quite a variety of vegetables that were carefully cooked, so that they were not too crunchy or too limp and bursting with flavor. The meal was served in a delicate brown sauce, which was carefully seasoned and absolutely delicious!  Wow! I was so happy to find this treasure right in my neighborhood!
