5	We have attended this place for many years, the teaching and preaching is sound and there is correction from the pulpit.The staff have listened to any concerns we may have and have been prayerful about them, other places they won't even listen or will tell you to hit the door.I know to a lot of people this church may seem strict and dry, but coming from the prophetic lunacy, the purposed driven heresy, and the word of faith greed, believe me I welcome how watchful they are over the flock! Just look around you and see the falling away all around the town's churches!
4	I havent darkened the door of a church in at least five years. I come from a penticostal background, which = judgmental in case you didnt know. Now Ive really tried to make friends since I moved here and its proved difficult. And Ive thought about church a lot. I thought church might be a good place to hear Gods word and make some believer friends. A friend of mine said this was a good church and i like calvary chapels style - they read and study the bible. Straight through. Which is the back-to-the-basics approach i like. So i packed up my three kids and headed over. The people were very nice. There was a process for getting your kids dropped off and picked up which included taking their and your pics which reassured me greatly that no weirdo was going to come try to get my kids. The service was really nice too. I enjoyed the "nonpretentiousness" of the music ( i really hate churches that do the "rah rah sis boom bah" thing). And I could feel the peace of God in the sanctuary. The message was from acts 8 and was also very good. Id just been reading that myself and the pastor shed some new light on it for me. All told the service was 1 hr 15 mins which i also thought was not too short or too long. Afterwards i went to get my kids. They all seemed to enjoy it. Then we went and got the "fellowship food". It was kind of like a nice hotels continental breakfast, with people to help serve things like toasted bagels. All in all a pretty good experience. Well be back.
5	Great Place for worshipLike the Wed. night service, helps to break up the week & keep focused on The Lord.
