3	Hello friends,Stopped by here for a quick drink (cousins birthday) before shopping at BiLo. It's the old Bellacino's Grinders. They changed the inside a bit. Kinda weird tho. About 10-15 (4 seat) tables to the right. 1 long booth that has 2 tables to them. The bar.... Well that's kinda cray. It's one 5 seat bar in front. You get to the second bar by going into what one may consider the kitchen. We saw a few ppl sitting there. At 1st we thought they were employees because of the location of the bar. Very nice servers. I think they were the owners. (Maybe sisters. Idk) we didn't order any food but noticed a guy in the Val Hand Tossing pizza dough. And a family dressed in church clothes eating. And a few young ppl in there munching it up. Pretty good lunch specials and drink specials. They deliver & open til 2.
3	Oh, Carmella's... I've been mourning the loss of Murphy's Pub for some time and looking for a replacement neighborhood hang... When this place first opened, it was the best thing going for our crew... $1 slices and $1 beers on Tuesdays made for an awesome place to meet up with friends and get our chill on... It was bright and cheery, there were families hanging out and the jukebox rocked with the boy band music of our choosing... The service was fantastic and the owners were constantly around, checking on progress and even waiting tables on occasion... The pizzas had that delicious glisten of waaaaaay too much grease to be healthy and they came out of the oven piping hot... A little napkin dab and you'd be on your way to heaven!  The menu hasn't changed, but the bar doesn't seem to have an actual identity yet since it's a restaurant by day and attempting to be a hangout by night... So they offer things like beer pong tournaments, bingo, trivia and no one shows up... The beer pong set actually didn't even show up until about an hour after the scheduled beginning of the tournament (which ended up being me and the boyfriend playing two games with each other, next to two guys)... lol I would definitely go to grab some takeout because the wings are fantastic (crispy and juicy) and I love their waffle fries, but I'd suggest waiting until summer and hitting up the patio...  Maybe things will pick up then...
2	For pizza, I'm going to be at Luigi's but today I tried someplace different. Carmella's for a meatball parmesan sub with waffle fries.The fries were limp. The bread had a texture that suggested a microwave rather than a toaster. The cheese was nicely melted, the sauce was bland and the meatballs were tasty but a little rubbery. Sorry, guys.A couple of big screen TV's tuned into sports channels plus a couple of video game machines to keep the kids entertained.
2	We were heading to trivia when the boyfriend remembered Carmella's has a wing special on Wednesdays... Well, it's basically .50 a wing, so it's not that special, but it's decent... When you go to Carmella's, you walk in and the cash register is directly in front of you... You order and pay for your food and then you can seat yourself where you like... I went in, ordered 10 wings and 2 beers, paid and went to grab a seat... After about 10 minutes, I went back to the register because our beers still hadn't come out yet... Apparently, the bartender opened them and just left them sitting on the counter instead of bringing them out to us... Okay... After another 30 minutes with no wings, we ended up having to leave because we were on our way to another place... I went back up to the register to get a refund for the wings because we clearly were not going to have time to eat them... None of the employees knew how to do a refund to a credit card... They finally find the guy that knows how to do the refunds, so it gets started... After a couple minutes, I offered to just take cash back because it was my debit card, but they just acted like they didn't hear me... Maybe they didn't... Not only that, when I asked for the refund, no one asked why or even apologized for their shoddy service... They basically acted like I wasn't really standing there until she had me sign the receipt for the refund...  They refunded the money for the beers, too, but I don't think that was an attempt to be courteous, I think they probably couldn't figure it out and didn't care enough to try... That's it... I'm over Carmella's... At least this location...
4	I visited Carmella's after a recommendation from some friends. Apparently Tuesday nights is $1 Pizza and $1 Beer night. For $1 I figured why not try it out. We walked in and found a seat. Our server came and took our order. About 10 minutes later our slices came out. They were hot, delicious large slices of "NY" Pizza. It had a great flavor and delicious crust. Our server was very nice. The restaurant has several large screen TVs to keep you entertained while you wait. For $1 pizza I would definitely go back.
5	Best pizza I have had in a VERY long time. Service was great & they're open until 2am.
5	Mondays $0.50 wingsTuesdays $1.00 cheese or pepperoni pizza slicesCheap drinksIf this place was closer to where I lived, I would definitely go there more often. The pizza and wings are very tasty and priced excellent. Will def be going back soon!
3	Girl looked at me weird when I asked for Sicilian slice and I had to say square. They no have which is disappointing.  Plain cheese slice is good.
4	We ordered a large pizza and cannoli. The pizza was really big and way more than enough for the two of us and I thought it tasted really good. The cannoli was really good as well. The customer service that we received was excellent and delivery was pretty quick. I would definitely order again.
3	I was curious about the Philly since there is a sign that said best in town. Mayo on a Philly sounds weird, so I asked them not to any on. My Philly was made to order, the food was hot and came out pretty fast. The cheese tasted weird, there was hardly any neat and there was an awful lot of grease. I am not sure I am willing to try it again, bit I would definitely not call this one the best.
