2	Very average food and slow service during our recent Sunday lunch. My salad was soaked in dressing and rather plain.Restaurant in a shopping mall.
3	There is really nothing special about this place. The food is good and the choices are decent.It's more of a Italian-American mixGood for catching hockey games.
3	Food was okay. On par with say Olive Garden. I had chicken Alfredo linguini and my husband had the chicken parmigiana. It was good but nothing spectacular. Service was slow but friendly. They were really busy on the Tuesday night we visited. That might have contributed to the slow service. Probably wont go back during our week stay here in Montreal but if you like Olive Garden you will like Mikes.
4	Rue St catherine is one of Montreal's busiest places all through the year. After a long day all we needed was a good cosy place and , Trattoria Di Mike's, also known as Mike's, was our choice. Entering the restaurant, we couldn't but notice the waiters welcoming us with a wide smile and amicable way. Joel, our waiter for the evening showed us to our table and gave us the menu.. few minutes later, he came back and asked for our order... the place was crowded, we thought we were going to wait forever to get our food.. but fortunately, it did not take long... the order was fast, we even had an extra basket of fries for free.The Salad was not very tasty, the vegetables did not seem fresh, but the rolls were fruity and light, the onion rings were delicious, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.The place was so welcoming that we were not at all in a hurry to leave.  Mike's is well known for its fondant which we highly recommend.Mikes menu includes a range of pizzas, pasta, sandwiches along with other exclusive italian specialties such as the famous Gondolas, haven't tried but we sure will the next time we go there. The christmas songs put us in that joyful mood before christmas. The music was just loud enough that we could still manage to have a conversation with our friends without getting annoyed.
4	Stopped here randomly while looking for a place to eat lunch and was pleasantly surprised. We both ordered sandwiches which were good and the prices were reasonable. We also tried their alfredo poutine which was to die for!
2	Eh,  Just average food. Very slow service. They drop off the food and don't return until halfway thru the meal. Horrific chicken parmesan.  Pass
2	This place is not good. If you are only in Montreal for a weekend, don't waste a meal here. My group got a fair sampling of different menu items from pizza, to panini to gondolas and it seemed like everything was microwaved. The place is clean and conveniently located, the staff are friendly enough and the portions are suitable, but the food is really nothing to be even close to excited about.
4	You need to have the right expectations before eating here. It's in the mall, so don't expect something fancy. It's good food for the price, great portions, and friendly staff. Good place to go if you want to leave full and not break the bank.
1	...poorly trained stuff... took 40 minutes to get drinks, an hour to get breakfast... good luck trying it...
3	Standard three star Italian-but-not-really-Italian 'ristorante' (cough) that you'd find in a mall.Nothing to complain about, but nothing really authentic, either.There's a huge choice on the menu and some good deals to be found on the combos. I liked how they thought outside of the box with the combos, instead of just offering main+salad+side or something, they offer half pizza, half pasta main dishes - really interesting and great for those (like  me) who couldn't decide what to have.I went for the cheese and tomato mini-bruschetta-pizza thing with the spaghetti carbonara. There was a huge amount of bacon with the carbonara, which was a really pleasant surprise. The sauce was decent and not too heavy. The bruschetta/pizza was a tad on the soggy side, and very heavy on the cheese.  I'm glad I didn't order a full pizza, as I saw one going past and the crust seemed really thick, with, again, excessive amounts of cheese.Service was ok in terms of friendliness, but very very slow despite the restaurant not being busy.I'd be happy to go back again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
