5	I used to shop at this store when they were in Chandler and I was so bummed when they moved to Scottsdale. Then fate stepped in...I moved to Scottsdale too!Some things have changed for the better in the new location.The staff is always so sweet and they remember me each time I go in. They have everything from affordable costume jewelery to unique pieces I've never seen before. They also carry a small but very cute collection of clothes, hats, scarves, etc. They also have a great selection of purses. I most recently bought a $30 watch that looks like its works $100's. I get so many complements and its great quality.This is a great place to find the perfect gift...and they have lots of BLING!
5	The BEST store for great costume and designer jewelry at affordable prices. Every time I go, I end up buying wonderful new pieces that I constantly get comments on. They have the greatest new styles!! They also carry handbags, some clothing, and a plethora of cute things to buy for when I need gifts for friends. Just trust me and go in!If Cathy happens to be there, she is awesome and always knows what is "in". I love love love this store and it has the perfect name: Gotta Have It!!
5	I love love Kathy and love the store! They have such cute things in there and it's always changing and very current. Kathy will also come and do shows for me which I just adore. My clients always shop and always seem to come back for more. Highly recommend!!
5	Was on vacation in Scottsdale, looking for the perfect gift.  I stumbled upon Gotta Have It! and wanted to buy everything in the store.  Not only was their merchandise adorable, the customer service was exceptional and the prices affordable.  I highly recommend this store for anyone looking for a cute piece of jewelry, clothing, handbag, or knick knack.  My favorite item was the reading glasses with the lights on the frames.  Who doesn't need those when reading a menu in a dark restaurant?  Definitely stop by this store in Scottsdale and/or Phoenix!
