1	I wouldn't recommend their service department to anyone.  Not only did they put the wrong part in my vehicle, they grossly overcharged for their labor.  When i asked them for a detail of the labor and hours, they couldn't give me a straight answer or detailed invoice.  The dealership who fixed my vehicle correctly were treated very rudely when they questioned their work (so much for dealer to dealer courtesy).  Henry Brown did agree to replace the part and pay the labor costs to the other dealership, but didn't feel they overcharged on the original labor and were not willing to refund anything.  The price of the correct part was less than the wrong one (by $170) and they didn't offer to refund that either.  They also gave the dealership who fixed my vehicle the run around when it came time to pay for the repairs.I filed a complaint with Chrysler who investigated and found that they overstated the number of labor hours.  We were refunded for some of the labor costs and the price difference of the new part.Henry Brown will never see any business from me again.
2	This dealership plays games. Yes, all dealerships do... but this was beyond what we have ever experienced before. Right before we were  about to walk out the door, they "magically" came up $1000 more for our trade after saying they were all in. Dean is a little kid with braces trying to do a big boy job. His demeanor is terrible, as well as the way he talks to people. Whoever gave him that position made a terrible business decision. I do not understand how this dealership received the ratings they did on dealerrater.com. Liz was a nice girl and very hospitable, but the people she works for are horrendous.I assume the people that have been to this dealership have never experienced true customer service and are used to being talked to like dogs and treated like they know nothing about car values. I have been in the auto/finance industry for over 8 years, so I believe I know what I am talking about and looking at.Do yourself a favor and do not waste your time here. You can find a better deal elsewhere with better people to help you.
1	If I could give 0 stars... I would. This place is terrible. Everyone is rude. They play games like no dealership I have ever walked into. Take your trade in, or your money and run to Phoenix as fast as you can! We walked in to see what we could get for a trade in. They wouldn't tell us unless we filled out paperwork to pretend to buy a car. We played along. I told them to not hit my credit because this was our first day car shopping and we wanted a used truck... And just some info on trade in value. Sure enough a week later we get a letter from a bank about the credit loan we just applied for... 20,000 over our budget. To say the least we were very angry. No one will own up to running our credit and no one is willing to talk with us. We will be buying a truck else where and we will be warning all of our friends and people we run into to stay away from Henry Brown!
5	I was traveling through AZ and my vehicle broke down, I towed the vehicle to your Chrysler Jeep Dodge store and Richard Small was my advisor. He was amazing from the start, the shop was busy but he was able to see what was going on with the vehicle and order parts for me to have me out by the next day. I was there early in the AM because I had no choice but to wait for the vehicle and he had the vehicle already being repaired and I was out in no time! I wanted to make sure I reached out and let someone know how wonderful this Service Advisor is! I was very grateful for the fast and efficient service and the hospitality he should I let everyone know the great service I received. Thank you
