5	Small, neighborhood bar but not too small like some of the other neighborhood bars. Very friendly bartenders and patrons. We are not bar types but enjoy going here once in a while to play pool or just chill out.
5	This a friendly neighborhood bar offering great happy hours and live entertainment several nights of the week plus an excellent Sunday brunch.  Be sure to check out the Freaky Fridays shows featuring Celia Putty each Friday night.
4	Hopefully the happy hour will get back to the way it used to be. It's a great place to go on a Friday after work. Some good people and good happy hour vittles to nosh on before dinner.
5	THERE IS BACON AT FRIENDS~~~~~~IT'S BEEN CONFIRMED BY THE POTB!!!!!!OMG OMG OMG!Do you want the bestest bar brunch on a Sunday morning???You do?Well GO HERE!!!AMAZING!The staff is INCREDIBLE!,The manager is the consumate host,the price is do-able and the food.OMG the food!!!The patrons are a friendly lot and the mood is just perfect.Busy but not crazy.They start earlyish at 10 am,not sure how late it goes to,but it's the best Sunday bar brunch evar!Shit,now that I've told you people,I'll never get a seat there again...Just get there after me,k?
5	We had planned on going to the Rhythm Room, which is directly across the street, but they were still charging a full cover at midnight, and just wanting to have a late-night cocktail, we took our hard-earned cash to Friends.  Just as we walked in, a drag show was ending, which was a treat.  Only wishing we had gotten there sooner, we sat down and ordered drinks.  I was amazed at the selection of flavored vodkas and other booze they have.  Not feeling too adventurous in that area I ordered a Ketel One Citroen on the rocks.  Generously poured, I don't remember the price, but I am sure it wasn't too steep.  As the night went on the place thinned out, and soon the wife and I were the only two people in the place.  The bartender, Anthony, was a joy to talk to.  We ended up just hanging with him until it was time to go.  I would go back just to have a bartender that good. Hell, the place is called Friends, and I'd be his friend any day. He was full of conversation and laughs.  At the end of the night, he called us a cab and made sure I didn't leave anything behind in my Ketel One haze.  He nearly had to come out to the parking lot to give me a record I left on the bar from a concert we attended earlier in the evening.This place really is a comfortable and clean neighborhood bar that was welcoming to a random couple having a fun night on the town.  It was a great way to end a great night out.Also, I would totally wear a friends T-shirt if they have them.  I love the logo.
4	What's not to love about Friends?!This place is a great little neighborhood gay bar with a big heart and a VERY friendly crowd! No need to worry about what you're wearing when you meander into this place! The bartenders are entertaining and easy to talk to. The drinks are poured well and for some of the lowest prices around! It does get pretty crowded here on Friday Nights for the drag queen Celia Putty's Freaky Friday shows - one of my favorite shows here in the valley! They have drink specials throughout the week and a brunch on Sunday mornings to start your Sunday Funday off right! So now when you're driving down Indian School and pass this crazy little place called Friends you may just want to stop in to take in the sights and a few cocktails.
4	We live near here service is always pretty good and my husband and I enjoy having a place to walk I and feel comfortable with good prices and shot recommendations!
4	Yes, it's a really nice cozy bar to hang out and have drinks and even enjoy the entertainment. But this is also a good place to come for a delicious light lunch or brunch at friendly prices.  The good food and drinks, the very casual vibe and friendly staff makes every visit here a pleasure.
5	Friends was sold on 6/7/2013.  The new name is Zorfs.  Friends was a great place to socialize, drink, eat, and enjoy.  Zorfs is following the same agenda while adding new energy and apparent increasing clientele.  Check out Zorfs on Yelp and add your comments.  The owner, Kenny is in the establishment much of the time.  He welcomes your comments and suggestions personally.
