4	This airport location was relatively quick. I had the slit pea/barley soup which was very tasty while I waited for my Thai chicken pizza to be prepared. They are very busy there, but should be fine if you're just doing takeout.
1	this was by far the worst pizza I have had in a long time. It was basically a frozen cheese pizza that they added extra toppings on to as you ordered.  It was stale, only kinda warm and well pretty much sucked.  I know it's an airport, but I have had wolfgang pucks pizza at the chicago airport and its decent.  the thing that i like about chains is i usally know what im getting, but this was horrible.  Ill go back to cpk probbaly just not in an airport.
4	Good fast friendly service ,food was better than most airport food and a bar with top shelf liquor not the normal overpriced rail drinks and much better than a sports bar nobody needs buffalo wings before getting on a plane!
3	Yes, I am reviewing a chain restaurant and the world did not stop spinning.  To my credit though, it was in an airport which is the only reason I am reviewing it.If you travel a lot or a little, one thing is for sure... airport food typically sucks and the service is even worse.  And the last thing you want before you go on a long flight is bad food.  So, I figure I will help out my fellow Yelpers hung over from Vegas.We were heading out on a morning flight, and wanted to sit down and have a quick breakfast.  Looking around at the options, I figured I would roll the dice once more while out here and grab something at CPK.  Well damn... it was actually decent!  First off, the service was great.  I know it is all about the waiter you get, but ours was great.  And trust me, in an airport that is few and far between!  For the food, I had a breakfast type pizza and it was actually good.  Holy crap!  Was I hung over and not caring?  Maybe so... but I expect 95% of the others looking for breakfast to be the same.  Good eggs, good crust and the coffee was decent too.That is all... an unusual chain restaurant review from me.  But hell, giving that I just rated a $100 per person place with 2 stars and this with 3 has to mean something!
3	Located inside the airport in Las Vegas.This place was okay... people just sitting and having drinks, Dave's mom and dad got some beer and wine and we chatted.The place wasn't super busy, and I didn't notice any servers. Considering this is inside the airport it is a tad pricey.
1	Avoid it if you can!
3	Being from the East Coast and living in NYC I've never been curious about CPK. But stuck in an airport for a few hours and hungry, I decided to give it a try.Comfortable seating area with a bar and the hostess saw me holding my laptop and automatically seated me near an outlet. Very nice. The service was really mixed though. I was asked to pay my bill while I was still eating (I wasn't eating slowly or anything). It was a pain because my hands were kind of greasy and pizza-covered.The pizza is decent. The crust tastes like really high-quality frozen pizza though. I'd be very surprised if it was anything but just that. The toppings and combination were great and I scarfed the whole personal size pie down. Overall reminds me a bit of a higher-end Papa John's pizza. It can't really compare to a NYC slice -- chain pizzerias just get their own category and based on that, CPK is alright.
2	This place is NOT nearly as good as the other California Pizza Kitchens we've been to, such as the one in Monterey, CA.At this joint, one personal pizza and two beers cost $31, including the tip. A bit much, I'd say, even for an airport.The pizza was okay, it had 4 slices - but the crust was soggy.There must be better alternatives at this airport...
3	I needed to kill a couple of hours waiting for my flight, so I had lunch and read a couple of magazines at CPK.  Service was better than I anticipated for an airport location.  Pizza was a little underdone, but otherwise, my visit was adequate.  My server refilled my drink and didn't bother me unnecessarily.
1	I've been through many airports and always wondered if this was a good place. One day, I gave up and ate at an airport. I would have preferred starving another few hours... this expensive pizza tastes like a 4$ pizza at best.
1	I was foolish to be hungry for something here!My water had some pinkish creature or whatever it may be that happened to be swimming around. Disgusting!Forks are definitely not spotless. Thank goodness I had a sandwich so I just used my hands.
1	My food hasn't come yet but service and water sucks ass. My water has pink shit in it and our forks look dirty. I don't care how good the food is, it cannot bump up the rating due to bad service.Update: The food came before I got to post this and it was bad. The bread for our sandwich was old and the pizza was dry, plain and hard-ish. I originally wrote this 4 days ago but forgot to post this. oops. Still one star. Oh yeah, did we mention that we received plastic cups instead of glass cups like everyone else? Are you afraid that 2 wild youngin's are going to break your beautiful 50 cent glass cups? (we're 21 but we do look damn young!) The water was so nasty that I ordered sprite, where my first one had sea monkeys in it! They gave me a 2nd sprite without me asking, and it didn't have sea monkeys in it so I was like WOW cool.
2	I'm never a fan of this chain really. For the prices they charge you can get so much better somewhere else. But I was in an airport. And really hungry. So I went here, plus the airport had WiFi so it wasnt so bad. But yeah the food is all meh and the price is crap. Go to cheesecake factory if you are looking for the same prices but better food.
2	I think I'm only giving it 2 stars because it was the only sit down restaurant I could find in the airport.  Other than that, the menu was small and didn't contain my favorite CPK dishes and the food I actually got was pretty blah.  I think for quality I would have been better off with one of those prepackaged salads you find at the kiosks than the disgusting pasta I had.  Luckily the hummus and pita appetizer was pretty good and the glass of wine I ordered ended up being over two glasses worth. So I wasn't starving and the buzz allowed me to still smile at the waitress.
1	Terribly disorganized!!  I have never seen an airport restaurant so poorly run.  Waiters don't know who's covering which table and they are all overwhelmed.  Food?  Who cares, it's a nightmare trying to get an order placed and food to your table.
2	Ugh, mediocre food, OVERWHELMED waitstaff. It's an airport. Not going to find much else than this if you want a sit-down.
2	Pretty fast, pre-frozen and perfectly forgettable.With bar seating, sit down seating and a to-go line, this is one of the most hoppin' restaurants in the D Concourse. There's not much better in this part of the airport, though, so best of luck!FYI: They offer half-priced shots at the bar with the purchase of a beer, so don't think your liver is going to get a break until you step on the plane.
2	Not bad for an airport location; but it's very rushed and the menu and food aren't what you'd expect from a typical CPK location.
3	This was the start off to my vacation to NY. I was going to meet my man's parents for the first time and I needed a cocktail (at 8:30am...no less). We roll up to the bar and were immediately greeted by the friendly bartender. We order breakfast cocktails...down them and pay ($23 for two cocktails...about what it costs on the strip). It was good but nothing major to write home about. It was a lovely way to begin our trip.
2	Although this is airport food, it was Not that great.  The menu is super generic and pizza is way too much crust and very basic ingredients.  Would expect more from a place that specializes in pizza.
2	Quality shouldn't be sacrificed because this is an airport location.  CPK can generally be relied on for tasty food, but this location just sucks. What you'll find here is a limited menu and an unorganized waitstaff running around with its hair on fire for no real reason. You can find better food at the airport, don't let the reliability associated with the brand name fool you.
2	Overpriced food in an airport terminal?  I can live with that.Crappy pizza with horrible toppings?  Example: Buffalo chicken pizza covered in onions and "buffalo sauce".  Give me Pizza Hut Express over this anyday.  This pizza is terrible.
1	Worst service in Vegas. Avoid it, food took way to long, when it did came out it was exceptionally lame. just go somewhere else.
1	Wow, never met a staff that would snap at you as much as this breakfast crew. Got sassed at by the host, snipped at by our waitress, and overheard a bit of a tiff with another. Not a great way to start the day.Seeing as I don't eat eggs, it was also a very limited breakfast menu for me. Got a muffin & coffee. Should've just gone to Starbucks.
3	Our last meal in Las Vegas (waaaaaaaaaaah!) was here, the airport location of CPK, which we also did lunch at. We stayed at the Mirage, and there is a location within the casino. This location is a bit different. The pizzas are smaller, and much less attention is given to detail.Our server, Denise, was very friendly and cheerful, and you've gotta love a server that deals with people from all over the world, from every time zone, no matter what time it is!Our table for two (round, and way too small) was clean and ready when we were seated. It's a great view - floor-to-ceiling windows with a view of the tarmac. Awesome to watch all the planes arriving, moving around, etc.They warned us that we need 40 minutes to get in & out, which was helpful. They were bang on (35 minutes) and we appreciated the gesture. We were thankful for the spent time - we needed to waste it!We paid $50.22 for our lunch (before tip):- 1 cosmopolitan ($10.99)- 1 double crown royal & diet ($12.49)- 1 chicken Caesar focaccia sandwich with potato chips ($10.99)- 1 Margarita pizza ($11.99)I think that's pretty good value (the food was good, not great...) for a sit-down meal at an airport. The pub we ate at in the Detroit airport was disgusting!So: I don't think this location is very representative of the CPK brand - I think it's a scaled-down, single-serving kind of version of a better chain than it seems. That said, it's one of the better options at McCarran.
3	Breakfast at CPK! Not many options as I fly back from Vegas....pretty good Florentine omelet. Coffee in a glass cup. Bran muffin (my choice). Potato fries (while tasty I wish there were other breakfast side choices).
4	Overall Satisfied with our dinner @ the airport CPK !!! We only waited 8 mins for the food to arrive!!! Chinese Chicken Salad was fresh and crispy ... the dressing was pretty delicious !!! The Thai Chicken Salad was warm and tasty !!! And the server was an older lady, she was nice and considerate !!! I guess less expectations, less disappointments really worked over here !!!
1	We opted for breakfast when we should have opted out.The waitress was not friendly or personable at all.Florentine omelet was gross. to the point that it was oozing raw egg and overflowing with garlic. The bfast burrito was ok, but tasted similar to something from the dollar menu.Not that there are many options at the airport, but come on! You would think that a chain like this would want to be the stand out place...sadly they were overshadowed by any and all other places.
4	pretty good airport food. the thia pizza is super taste.
2	My waitress was fine but pizza seemed like something out of the frozen food section at Walmart. I ordered the Thai Chicken Pizza, which i've had before at a regular (non-airport) CPK and the toppings looked a bit wilty and it just didn't taste like much. Not a bad experience overall but not near as good as a regular CPK.
5	Flew back to Burbank on a Tuesday night a few weeks ago, and was craving a beer before my flight. Popped into CPK and was bowled over by the impressive customer service I received from my bartender Lu. She was attentive and personable, and truly cared about doing a great job. It's really nice to be served by someone who takes pride in what they do and cares to get to know their customer. I will be back next time!
2	I'd love for someone from CPK's corporate office to stop in here for a meal. I think they'd either revoke the franchise license or, if they own this location, fire all of the employees.Alexa G. and I came here for lunch while waiting on our flights back to Atlanta (her suggestion, not mine, by the way). We saw a hostess stand, but no hostess.  There were free tables and we assumed they had open seating. After about 5 minutes a server saw us and told us we needed to get up and wait for someone at the front to seat us. No big deal. Before we were given a table she told us that we couldn't dine there if our departure time was within 45 minutes. Initially I felt like that was thoughtful to make sure we didn't miss our flight.  I later realized that was just permission for their staff not to be efficient.Our server was friendly and kept making corny jokes.  We both ordered Coke and he brought them out and said it was Bacardi and Coke. Do you laugh at that? I think I smiled and then rolled my eyes.The food was the same, basic CPK stuff you get anywhere.  I have no idea what took so long for them to prepare a barbecue pizza and a bowl of soup. It was at least 30 minutes before it all came out.Towards the end of our meal it seemed like our server quit.  I tried standing up to get his attention, but that didn't work. Finally I told another employee we needed our check.  I saw our guy fumbling at one of their touch screen registers.  It probably wouldn't have been so confusing for him if there hadn't been a pile of dirty dishes blocking the screen.
1	The worst service. We saw our wait person a total of 3 times.  Once to take for our drink order.  Took 20min to get a glass of water. Once to take our meal order and once to bring our selections.  42min to get our food, I know, because I started timeing after 30. The food was only ok. and we had to ask for our check from the manager.  I would never go out of my way to go back to a CPK.
1	Sigh.CPK. I've probably had every item on the menu here (don't look at me funny - it was one of two dining options at my old job). So even though I haven't been to a ton of CPK's, I feel like I know the place pretty well. And this one is probably one of the the worst ones.As the other reviewers have said, service here is crazy slow - not necessarily the service staff's fault - this is a busy CPK, for sure. But my was it bad. I ordered the BBQ chicken salad, dressing on the side. My friends got their food, finished it, and yet my salad still never arrived. I tried to flag down the waitress (took a while), and asked her about my salad. Next time she appeared, it was 10 or 15 minutes later, with the salad. Though the lettuce was drowning in dressing (not exactly dressing on the side, eh). The service was so bad and so slow, I didn't want to send it back because I'd probably miss my flight by the time my food made its way back to me. Sad face.
2	The prices are the same, but the pizza is totally different.  I ordered the Mushroom Pepperoni Sausage Pizza which I usually order when I go to CPK.  The pizza taste like it was from my high school cafeteria.  The cheese was rubbery, the pepperoni was burnt, and the sausage tasted 5 days old.  Don't eat here expecting normal CPK quality food.
1	Worst experience ever. Veggie pizza was so-so, staff worked like the non-funny version of The Three Stooges (insert your favorite stooge sound effect here). Waited 30 min for the check, after asking three times. Manager kept pulling her cell out of her cleavage and checking it. Wait staff cursing. They couldn't handle the flow so they closed up (as in closed the security gate) with patrons inside. It was cray...
4	So I am not a fan of CPK normally and would not go there for a meal however in this instance I was in the airport and they were one of the only places serving a sit-down breakfast.  I am glad I went there.  I was very impressed with the selection of menu items for breakfast and the quality of the food.  I saw some pretty harsh reviews from the past so someone must have read them and either hired a new chef or something because everything I had was great.  And the kicker....it was reasonably priced!  I know in an airport!
1	Service was terrible, took forever for the server to take are order.   Then when he did  it took him 15 minutes o bring are drinks.  Just terrible.
1	For the love of God would they please close this disaster of a restaurant and open up something like a Chick fil -A or even a McDonalds. A Waffle House would be an upgrade! Yeah, it's that bad. Most airport food options suck, but this place is at the top of my airport suck list!Service that is as slow as a tree sloth. Really, don't bother unless you have at least an hour to kill before boarding time. The other week when I was waiting for my flight and had 45 minutes it still was not enough time to eat here, and I had taken a seat at the bar thinking it would be quicker. Um, nope! Even at the bar the service was slow, and I had to end up getting the bbq chicken salad I ordered to go so I could catch my flight. Good thing I looked in the bag because they gave me the wrong meal on top of that. I had to wave someone down to quickly give me the right meal and I ran to my gate barely making the plane. Ate on the plane and the salad was barely passable.As far as a California Pizza Kitchen goes there is not that much healthy here to eat, and a salad is the closet thing on the menu. Seems pricey too. Along with the super slow service this is one to avoid!
3	Not a bad place to get a drink before a flight.
1	DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY! SAVE YOURSEL THE HASSL. So disappointed, I am a regular customer at CPK and was excited that there was one in our airport... But that turned around very fast. They really shouldn't even be called cpk, there are so many restrictions on their menu and drink list, the customer service sucks and if I hadn't sat down I would have walked right out. The food is awful and tastes like its microwaved. All of their food is pre packaged and reheated on site.
2	The food was fine, I enjoyed the breakfast pizza. Service was awful, not that I expect airport restaurant service to be great, but at least bring the one or two things I ask for besides my meal. When I have to walk up to the bar for water and drink refills, you, server, are not doing your job. Also, Vegas food service in general is atrocious unless you are at a high end restaurant. Maybe it's not fair to compare an airport to the real world, but on this particular trip, all around bad.
1	Terrible.  I was hoping this place would be a beacon of light in a very average airport. However it does the opposite. The coffee was undrinkable, the prep of the pizza was  poor at best, and the food came out cold.  I was going to send the pizza back but I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for it. I'm glad had a lot of time before my flight or I would have missed it with the slow service. I will go somewhere else next time.
2	Service was slow, server not attentive, grumpy angry face delivered dinner and literally threw it in front of me and turned away immediately.  Really?  Food ok, don't expect good service, however did notice at other tables server was pleasant, so it could happen.
5	Wow this place in Las Vegas' McCarran International Airport is in need of a good review. Here goes. In the summer of 2011 I was looking for breakfast before my flight back to RDU. Maybe they should do breakfast instead of pizza because my Denver omelet (minus the onions) hit the spot for sure. The extra side of sausage didn't hurt a bit either! This was 10 in the morning so not the busiest time of the day for a pizza joint but Luis was very sure I was satisfied. I made sure his manager knew it.
1	Why did I come here? Maybe I was hungry. Maybe I made a hasty decision based on the lack of other attractive food choices at the Las Vegas airport,  but I completely regretted my overpriced, forgettable experience here. Terrible food AND service. Cobb Salad was smaller than other locations and was missing eggs and cheese even though the description on the menu included the ingredients. We were going to say something, but the waitress didn't come back for another 10 minutes so we just said "forget it" and ate it. The only thing good about the salad was the interesting, asymmetric bowl it came in. Pizzas were amateur and just whatever. We got the Hawaiian and Sicilian pizzas. Nothing special. I'm paying $13 for a small pizza that fits on a normal sized plate, with basically 1 piece of a bacon and 1 piece of pineapple per slice? You've got to be kidding me. You'd think service would be faster considering people have places to go, but no. We sat around for another 10 minutes waiting to pay the bill after they brought us the check and we finally just got up and brought it to them because we hit our boarding time. I would normally recommend another restaurant nearby, but there really aren't any decent options around. If you do eat here, just don't have high expectations.
4	If say not too bad. Especially for airport food. Had a few goose island IPAs and made my flight much more enjoyable. Bartenders were pretty friendly and I'm pretty sure that one of them plays Andre on "the league" http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Scheer
2	Wow. Stella on tap cost ten bucks!!!
1	Oh this was dreadful .  Eaten in so many CPKs and I don't know how they let this one bear the name.   This review is about the service and poor attitude because we left after 20 mins without any acknowledgement from our waiter.  I did get up twice to ask 2 other waitresses who were gossiping by a service area if we could order but were told it wasn't their table and our waiter " must be busy".  Meanwhile only half the tables were occupied - the rest being piled high with dirty dishes - this was 10am and breakfast time by the way.  We left and got decent food and a good attitude from  Starbucks to go.
5	First time eating here and It was amazing! Fast and friendly service. No wait for our food. As soon as we ordered the food was brought to our table. Great portions as well. That's what I call good service!
3	What do you expect for Airport food? The service was very good though.
1	Worst Cpk experience ever! And I would know, I used to work at one so I know the drill. Ordered my food and drink, that was fine. Food... Just ehh. But whatever that's what I expected, I was just killing time before my flight. The service is what really got me. Server did not ask how my meal was, and I had to flag her down to order another drink because she didn't notice me sitting there for 20 minutes with an empty one. Next time I'm going to Cinnabon!
3	after landing and waiting for a friend to land we decided on this place just because we've never had it before. it was okay? LOL. seated right away and ordered, talked with our waiter about our trip and what he suggested on doing. we didnt take any of them lol. he was nice i suppose.i had the pasta, it has a star next to it, it didnt need a star LOL.my friend had the chicken salad sandwich, it looked way better than my pasta, and it prob tasted better. and it had no stars next to its name on the menu. sooooo maybe they need to re prioritize that.
1	Worst service ever had i got there two hours before my flight and didn't even get to order!! The saddest part is I was seated right next to where they put in the orders and other staff didn't even ask if I was ready to order and to top it off they tried to seat me at a dirty table to start off .. The waitress didn't have a name tag that I could read so I can't name drop but this is truly the worst experience i ever had with California pizza which is sad because they actually have really good pizza.
2	I know, I know. I stopped at a place doing breakfast only because its in the airport. Ordered the Mediterranean omelette, tried to get Monterey Jack instead of mozzarella was told it would be ok, but didn't happen. It was kind of like getting pizza toppings in an omelette, which could be good. But it was only "eh". Coffee was also terrible. Sadly this still seems like the best non-Cinnabon option for breakfast in terminal d.
1	Place looked good from a distance, but waiter Izzy  had not been trained to address  women, and  called us "girls" even though my daughter  is a lawyer and I am a professor  and we look professional. Even if we had been  anybody off the street, it was unacceptable behavior . When  I reported this lack of professionalism to the m.o.d., Laura, she was dense and unable to understand that  "girls" is a form of address that went out with the fifties and is not to be used by men to address women, especially in a service  context. Laura  is clueless  about  rules of professional  customer service and she and the waiter should get some customer service training  since they  lack the sense of iwhat constitutes professional behavior and what  does not.
2	The service could have been better, they messed up at least two out of four orders when I ate there. We got conflicting answers from the service staff. The atmosphere appeared hectic. The waitstaff could have been better trained.Yes, it's an airport with the prices, so I didn't feel bad to ask for things that were forgotten the first time around.
2	I'd like to give this CPK location 3 stars, but the service was just so awful I have to down grade to 2.   I arrived early for a morning flight and had time to kill. There weren't a lot of food options so I settled on CPK.   After being seated, in a half empty restaurant, I probably waited 10-15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge my presence and take my order.  Thankfully, the hostess gave me a menu or I really would have been annoyed.  I ordered the breakfast pizza - it was decent and the size was pretty decent.  Overall I was happy with the food and pricing considering it was any airport, but that service was horrendous!
3	Had 60 min to kill in terminal D, so to CPK it was! The place has a bunch of bar seats and has a gigantic window facing the runway, so no windowless, lonely, eating in the dark for you, Champ! The menu isn't a full CPK menu and everything feels a bit lazy (I'm not sure if they have a full kitchen), but it's better than eating Johnny Rockets before you pack yourself on a 500MPH flying tube. Picked up a pesto chicken 'wich which was passable and a Stella that wasn't from a skunk tap. Can you really ask for more in an airport? Oh, yea, I guess you can, but this isn't so bad either.
1	I love CPK, but this was the worst CPK experience I have ever had.  They must use different recipes or something because the BBQ chicken pizza (which I get every time I go here) was disgusting.  The chicken seemed undercooked or something - I actually had to spit a few pieces out.  We also split a chopped salad which looked as though it had been sitting out for a week.  There were dirty dishes sitting at several tables the entire time we were there.  No one bothered to clean anything up... and they weren't even all that busy. Save your money and get a sandwich at Port of Sub or somewhere instead... there is one very close to this CPK in the airport.
1	If you like dirty tables and used dishes at your table when you arrive, then this is the place for you !!! Especially great if you are not in a hurry and can wait 10-15 minutes to meet your server. Dirty rags are used for a quick wipe down upon request but I'll caution you, the servers are not happy about patrons asking about clean tables. The fragrant odors coming from the floor, the tables and the airport make it an elegant location for dining. Wow!!! This place is horribly wrong and should be evaluated by the FDA. Enjoy your pizza!!! What a dump
1	Bad service- rude hostess when we asked for a bigger table. Slow service- waited 20 mins before my water came out. Bad food- dip came out cold, and my pasta was bland...
1	So I love the CPK in Palm Springs, CA which was why I decided to have lunch at the CPK at the Las Vegas airport.  The service was TERRIBLE.  The wait staff went to tables around me several times until I finally flagged down the hostess to ask if she could send a server over.  Also had to ask for my check and no one came by after dropping off my meal to refill water or ice tea or ask how the food was until I was leaving.  Basically I get is was a service 101 fail.
1	Everything about this place seems to be a lesser version of a normal CPK: the menu is abbreviated, the pizza seems small, and the taste is missing. Prices however remain to be the same or higher than other franchise locations. Avoid this place if you can.
1	I just got to the airport and was looking for some breakfast. CPK sounded like a good idea... But wasn't. The hostess was on a terrible mood, she was writing down the names so people can get a table. Took more than 10minutes so she start calling names... The detail was: the restaurant was totally empty!!!!!The food: don't understand me wrong. I had no high expectations... I just wanted some eggs and a OJ. Eggs greasy and OJ is OJ open the box and put on a cup.
3	Ill give it three stars for warm, edible food and a place to sit down.  The pizzas are highly forgettable but mostly edible and not overly expensive.  The service is lousy and everything is a bit dated, but its better than Pizza Hut or Sbarros!
4	We were hungry and so quick bites of pizzas satisfied us before our flight. We got the pepperoni and margherita pizzas and both were yummy. It was the busiest place at this airport but we were seated quickly. The lady server was kind and fast, offered water frequently. We have enjoyed our short time while watching the Clippers game.
4	I was worried because I only had 30 min before I boarded.my flight...I ordered a Denver omelet to go and it was out in 10minutes!!! I guess I got lucky :) The D gates doesnt have many good choices for breakfast so ill definitely be returning on my next trip!
3	Friendly bartender... If you choose to eat at an airport you are pretty much at the mercy of the pricing Gods, putting that aside here's my thoughts. I sat at the bar where Don came over introduced himself as her poured me my first beer. I ordered my usual BBQ Chicken Pizza which arrived in no time at all. I ordered another beer as I finished off my pizza. The pizza was as tasty as if I had ordered it in a storefront restaurant...... OK, back to the first sentence and the topic of the "Pricing Gods"......A BBQ Pizza and 2 beers $32.00, ouch.
2	I've been living on the East coast for the last 4 years, and probably hadn't been to a CPK since I was in college....ooof, that's a long time ago!  But I do remember always loving CPK! So since I had some hours to kill while awaiting my flight at McCarran, I thought I'd revisit my roots!  Boy, was I disappointed!  The service, while friendly, was SUPER SLOW (okay, I understand that there were like 5 tables and only 1 server, but still....the restaurant was pretty emptyyy).  But worse than that, the food was UBER BLAND!!! I ordered the Tequila Chicken Pasta, and it promised lime/jalepeno cream...ugh, it just tasted like nothing. Seriously, like nothing.At least the view is nice (floor to ceiling windows overlooking the tarmac).  And there are power outlets along the wall.
1	SERIOUSLY DO NOT GO HERE!! Food sucks, it didn't even look clean and fresh. Service is the worst you can ever imagine, I would give them a negative star and negative tips if I could! I totally don't understand why there are some people leave more than a star here? It is just impossible to have a positive feeling dinning at this pizza store. If you are looking for an irritating server who ruins your mode and some almost poison food, this is the place you wanna go!
1	Asked for a table for 2, girl at the podium said it would be 15 minutes. There were plenty of open tables. We turned to go somewhere else when another hostess said she could seat us now, the first hostess rolled her eyes. Strike 1We sat down and saw other tables, menu in hand, waiting to order. We overheard two waitresses arguing over being too busy and who would have to take our table. Strike 2 Food took forever to come out. It was hardly warm and tasted bland. We had to hunt our nice but stressed out waitress down to pay our check. Strike 3I've been a waitress before I get what it's like to be understaffed. It's the restaurants fault for not having more people on staff because otherwise the quality goes way down. Plus the food sucked
4	We almost didn't eat here because of the bad Yelp rating...fortunately all of the other airport restaurants had similar reviews so we took a chance.We were greeted politely and seated quickly by the host. It was noon and the restaurant was maybe 70% full. Our very friendly server immediately took our drink orders. She got those to us  quickly then took our food orders. I went with the Sicilian pizza, my wife had penne. The wait for food felt "normal" but we had 3 hours to kill (don't go to a full service restaurant if your flight boards in 30 mins).The food was good. It wasn't a culinary experience to die for, but it was fresh, looked appealing, and exceeded our Yelp-influenced low expectations.Based on our experience, this place is better than it's Yelp rating indicates.
2	The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because the manager was very nice and my friend's hummus was good. I ordered their chicken BBQ pizza and it took 45 minutes to get it to the table. Once I received the pizza it was not correct. I had an hour before my flight started boarding and thought that I'd have at least 30 minutes to get to the gate and look around. That didn't happen. By the time I got the second pizza, I had to rush to the gate and ate it on the plane. Our waitress didn't seem to care that we had a flight and that other tables (not in her area) had received their food before us, even though we had been there 30 minutes before them. Not good service. Don't recommend for those who have flights to catch...which is pretty much everyone in an airport.
1	Don't come here if you're in a hurry! Slow service, and food takes forever. The pizza itself wasn't horrible.
1	I have never tried California Pizza Kitchen before, and after this experience, I will not try again. I ordered a turkey club with garden salad, and it's pretty terrible. I can make better turkey club sandwich than this place.  They don't have enough servers as my server was running all over the place ordering food, picking up dirty dishes.
5	Always a great place to stop in for preflight cocktails, food and great service. One of my favorite things about flying Delta and the long haul to the D-Gates. Sitting at the bar or islands, you can charge you phone and indulge in my favorite ice tea... FYI - it's from Long Island. Price aren't jacked up from the normal California Pizza Kitchen prices & a great place to Turn Up!
4	The food was good, but the service was great! I had the bbq chicken salad and didnt know what to expect... But i did have fear that it would be too sweet or too bbq. Guess what i was wrong, so thumbs up. Oh yeah it was also super fast.
1	CPK is usually safe bet.  Not this one.  I don't know if the staff is just having a bad day or what, but I've witnessed 3 altercations/arguments between customers and servers or bartenders.  People are pissed.I sat for 15 minutes in the bar without being spoken to by a soul.  When I finally went to the bar to order a drink, a cocktail waitress showed up.  When I waited another half hour (I'm waiting on a flight and can at least futz with the laptop) with nobody around, the bartender was rude.  I am holding a freaking glass.  Ya think I have a tab open maybe?I'll avoid this place forever.
1	Save your money and go to Rubys.  The omelette was terrible. The breakfast potatoes were soaked in grease and soggy. They did not serve water and the service was slow and the manager needs to be replaced. Rude!
3	I used to dine at CPK a lot many years ago due to my love for pizza and pasta.  However, with my healthier diet, I've stayed away from this chain for quite some time.  Since I had arrived at the McCarran International Airport early and was hungry for some food, I decided to have lunch at CPK.  Usually this place is packed but being Sunday, the weekend right before Thanksgiving, it was pretty empty, which was great for me.  I was seated immediately, but it took some time for the waitress to come take my drink/lunch order.  The menu is definitely smaller compared to their non-airport locations.  I ordered the cranberry spring mix salad with chicken, and it was pretty good especially when I compare it to the other restaurant options that were available to me (cold, prepackaged sandwiches and salads).  In terms of service, I was disappointed that it took so long to get my drink order (just a glass of water) and prepare a cold salad when the restaurant was pretty empty.  Luckily, I wasn't in a rush...However, I must say that service at their non-airport locations are way better so don't let this location deter you from going to the others.
4	What a pleasant surprise to see CPK at the airport and serving breakfast.   I had an early morning flight back to the east coastand time for breakfast so stopped in for an omelette.  The omelette and potatoes were delicious.  Totally hit the spot to get me through the long flight.  The waitress was really nice as well.  The downside ... totally unexpected.  They have these newish Salt & Pepper shaker that is a combined salt shaker/pepper grinder.  My coworker totally drowned her egges with salt by accident.  So be careful with those especially if you are on a low sodium diet!I can't speak for lunch or dinner service.  We had great service but it was early and not too busy.  Our server got us our checks early so we could head out when we were finished and she kept my water glass full.   I'd go here again for breakfast in a heartbeat.
2	Went for a quick breakfast before my flight home. Food took quite a while and the waitress was not very attentive.  Did not come back to check on us, did not see if we needed anything else and did not even say thank you.  She brought our food and brought our check.The food was actually pretty good but because it took so long, I had to pack it to go.  I think for an airport eatery, service should be a little more efficient as people are looking for a quick bite before their flight.  I actually loved the breakfast pizza and potatoes (later), but unfortunately could not recommend the service.  :(
1	Terrible, terrible service. Waiter was rude and inattentive. We had to ask him multiple times for water and he gave preferential treatment to other customers who showed up much later than we did. I do a lot of traveling and I can guarantee I won't be visiting this location again.
1	These guys suck! Horrible people, horrible service. Do waste your time or money! Did not enjoy the experience period! Try a vending truck for better luck!
