5	All Vegas friends near southern highlands, you need to go to Eco Wash on Rainbow for your car.The manager personally washes my car and takes care of her like she's his. Curtis is an absolute ace and loves cars and it shows!  I really can not speak highly enough about this place.The workers are all thorough and do impeccable work!  They do special requests (ie: pressure wash my engine bay, resurface headlights) and make sure every ounce of the car is spotless when it leaves.  With such great attention to service I will only be bringing my car to them.I highly recommend others do the same!
5	Great service, prices, and a killer waiting lounge makes this place #1 in Vegas for me.  They have wonderful staff who look out for you.  I had nicks in my windshield and they repaired for me on the spot.  Their cleaning services are excellent, as they care how they clean and where they clean.  They are also trustworthy with anything in the car.  The bonus are the massage chairs in waiting area.  LOVE IT!
5	Great customer service here!  Everyone here is really friendly and they do a really detailed job on your car. It's worth the trip down.
2	I came in on a Saturday afternoon roughly around 430, and I wanted to get the diamond wash (which is $40). I was instructed by the help that it would take apx 45-60 minutes to accomplish my wash. I was summoned about 30 minutes later stating that the car was complete.Upon tipping the kid and driving off i noticed that none of the windows had been wiped off, the trash that I instructed the kid to get out was still in my car, and the trunk was not vacuumed as promised.The manager was happy to resolve my issue and he gave me a 2 dollar off coupon and was attempting to send me on my way except the fact that he misplaced my keys. 5 minutes later I'm able to finally leave.If you're going to spend 40 bucks on a detail it should be right and not halfway done. Be careful with this business!!
3	I wish I had the names of the guys who worked on my car so that I can give them props! I am giving them 3 stars because the first time I took my car to them, they did a crappy job and didn't even bother vacuuming my car properly. I forgot to mention that they even left a new scratch on my car. Well that was before...The second time I took my car to them, they worked on my car for about 30 minutes or so and they had my black beauty looking like a showroom car. They took their time and made sure that they cleaned the door jams. The guys that cleaned it where very nice and pleasant. The waiting room is comfortable. There is a little play area for the young ones and two massage chairs that cost a dollar to use. I think you only get 5 minutes. There is a TV, but its more for advertising what they have to offer. Overall, its at a convenient location and the price is decent. I actually went cause I had a Groupon. Would I go again? Maybe...
5	I came here with a living social coupon. Great experience from the beginning. I was confused and drove in the wrong entrance. The attendant politely directed me the right way. After I went through the wash, (you sit in your car which is always fun for me anyway) I drove up to the point where the attendants hand clean your car. I had yellow paint and a small damage on the front of my car.  The attendant took his time out to get off the yellow and showed me how I can fix the damage with a pair of tools. I was so grateful because I was going to have it fixed at the mechanic for $125! Turns out that attendant was the owner. He was so sincere in his desire to run a good business and supply an exceptional product. There is free wi-fi and refreshments in the lounge as well as comfortable couches. Juat as I'm writing this the owner interrupts me and says "I can't tell if your windows are perfectly clean, can I pull it into the sunlight to check?" AMAZING!
5	I am not the most diligent person when it comes to washing my car, so when the Groupon became available for this place near me, I took this as a sign from the car gods, that it was time.I came here yesterday afternoon and the place was popping. There were lots of cars getting washing, but they were still quite efficient with taking my vehicle, processing the Groupon and sending me to the waiting room while I waited. Everyone who works here was incredibly friendly and attentive. Everyone I came across was extremely nice. I loved the service. When my car was ready, they came and got me, walked me to my vehicle and went over every inch to make sure it was cleaned to my liking. Now, that's service. I'll definitely be back.
5	Talk about amazing service! I came here because of a LivingSocial deal, so I can't speak for the actual pricing.The place is easy to access and when I drove up to the exterior car wash rails I was greeted by Phil who took down the LivingSocial voucher info, and who ran me through their process. I had some questions about water stains to upholstery and he had a detailer swing over and talk to me about it while he took care of the exterior. I decided to forego the upholstery detail but definitely appreciated the initiative and the information.After the exterior wash, I head over to get the interior done.As I step out of my car, I am approached by Rafael who speaks to me about some chips in my windshield and how repairs can be done onsite while the interior cleaning is done. I'm familiar with chips turning into cracks (chip, heat, expansion, crack, expensive, sadness), so I readily accepted the repair.  It was done with no out-of-pocket because it was done as a glass-only claim under my comprehensive and collision coverage on my insurance policy. Rafael handled it all very smoothly.I waited inside while the interior cleaning was done and I was really impressed by it. What car wash waiting room has massage chairs? Nice! I bought a granola bar and bottled tea and the girl behind the counter was very pleasant.I go outside and my car is done and it is immaculate. Water and dust stains (recent rains in the desert) are gone, nasty wheels and tires are clean, and the dog's nose-art is gone from the windows. Great job!I would very much recommend this place for a car wash.
5	My car looks great! And they go in touch with my insurance and fixed to rock chips in my windshield:) My car looks brand new. FAST! I go with the 22$ Gold package and add on the 3$ bug treatment. They share tips.
4	These dudes did an awesome job. They took over the previous guys who did average.
2	Went in for the Silver Car Wash on 8/16 @ 11am. Polite staff. Below mediocre job. I got the Silver Car Wash for the vacuuming and extra car on my windows. I was informed the windows would still look bad because of the hard water marks. That is ok. I just needed to fix that on my own. The vacuuming of my interior was abysmal. I looked like they dragged a hose around the interior of my car for less than one minute. This place is not worth the money. Either go someplace that will do a proper job or not pretend to offer those services. Only reason they got 2 stars is because of their friendly demeanor.
5	I normally trudge down to Walmart for my oil changes but after being burned by their lack of customer service, I've been trying out various places around the valley. I pass by often and have always been skeptical of a car wash/lube joint. I had a fussy baby and no patience to wait at any of the other places I have previously been, so I pulled right on in to Ecowash. I am so use to the usual run down customer areas of most car places. You know the ones I am talking about- old, worn chairs stuffed inside a room the size of a child's closet with a vending machine and a TV set to Maury. I was so shocked to see that this place was actually nice. They had gorgeous floors made to look like wood. Soft leather sectionals, bar type tables with stools, massage chairs, gift shop like area, food, and free wi-fi. As if the deal couldn't get sweeter, they actually had a dedicated children's area with some small chairs at a lowered table. The table had books, coloring book, crayons, and even some toys for the toddler age range. I knew after spending thirty minutes there with no tears from my teething son that this place must have descended from oil and lube heaven. The service was quick, even though they seemed busy. Best part was I got a free car wash- something I was dreading doing myself later this week. My visit was topped off when I checked out and....no one gave me a novel's worth of things I need to "fix" on my van. Yes, that's right, these guys aren't out to make money by trying to pretend like I need a whole new this or that!After wandering the deserts of Vegas for the past 6 months looking for the "right" oil and lube service, I think I have finally found it.
2	Very friendly but the wash service was definitely lacking. I got the "Gold" package and there were lots of missed areas, bugs and kind of a half-assed approach to the cleaning details inside and out.I'll give them one more shot after so many other positive reviews but the first go around wasn't very impressive. 2 stars it is for "Meh, I've experienced better." because I have, lots better.PLEASE READ! The CEO, Tim Bolton, responded to my review with a very apologetic letter and is in the process of making it right. I am highly impressed by his customer service and will definitely be giving them another shot along with updating my review after my next visit.
4	I usually go to the car wash on Charleston & Ft. Apache because its about five minutes from my house.  However, that Fabulous Freddy's sucks.  They consistently miss cleaning windows, parts of the car, etc. and it's always insanely busy.My husband found this place and for $40 you get a wash, detail & hand wax.I am very pleased with how nice everyone was.  They told me about 45 minutes since I purchased the "diamond" package; it was only about 30 minutes total from in & out.The quality was great. I'll be driving 12 minutes on I-215 to this place for my car washes from now on.
3	I am normally a foodie that focuses on all the great places to wine and dine, however all businesses share the same factor....customer service.  Ecowash Auto Spa recently opened on Rainbow and Warm Springs, taking over from a former car wash chain.  I am very picky about where I take the Caddy to get her cleaned and this place has not disappointed me yet.Great attention to detail, timely return of the car, and great smiling people all through the process.  Did I fail to mention their prices are somewhat lower than most other similar Auto Washes?Give 'em a try!
2	As far as car wash quality - it was just ok. Felt it was a bit too expensive for what you get - maybe I'm just use to the better quality of car washes in LA for the amount being charged. I'll keep looking for another car wash whenever I'm back visiting.
2	Ecowash I wanted to love you, I really did.  For the past 5 years I have been a Ted Weinz gal, solely because frequently they would come door to door selling the $20 card that had 3 free oil changes. The downside to that was an oil change was an all day event which I couldn't take anymore.  After reading all the reviews I decided that Ecowash sounded right up my alley.  Quick oil change + a car wash & they are open until 7 on a Saturday! I was SOLD!  Now here was my experience...Went in tonight @ 5pm. Walked inside to the semi-welcoming lobby (huge upgrade from what you are normally used to at these type of places) and I was the only one there.  And when I mean only one I mean no employees either.  After standing there for a good 5-7 minutes (hey I was in desperate need of the services) finally a girl appeared to assist.  Now I would like to say she was very nice and you could tell she was trying, but it was very obvious she was new.  As a 1st time customer she started to take down my info, but I was asking all of the questions.  I got the standard oil change ($34) and was told that it comes with a complimentary wash, but I could upgrade for $7.  Sounds like a deal! Went with the "silver" wash which includes the interior cleaned as well.  I asked how long will everything be - 15-20 she states which didn't sound right but hey who knows!  Now its 5:45 - clearly longer than the 15-20 and I start looking around the little waiting area.  Find out they have a rewards card (would have been nice to know that from the go) she did help me with the sign up after she noticed what I was looking at.  Finally 6pm and my car is ready.  I ask about my tire pressure because I knew they were low, and she stated since I didn't ask for that up front they didn't do it.  Hmmm what?? Every oil change I have ever had that has ALWAYS been looked at.  Another woman comes out to help her with checking me out so I kindly asked just for future reference what does the oil change entail? One of the first thing she said was tire pressure is checked and adjusted accordingly, so I said oh.. I was told it was upon request so I just wanted to make sure.  She immediately states who told you that? making the entire thing extremely awkward seeing as the girl is standing right next to her. Upon ringing me out my total was $37 (which couldn't be right) so I reminded her that I had my car washed too... changed to $48 (which I think she was confused because I was originally told it was only $7 more when its actually $7 off).  Car wash was decent - not the best a few spots were missed.  But upon walking out I did hear a employee speaking with another customer and he gave GREAT service which is the only reason why I MIGHT give this place another shot.  Sorry for the long winded review! Until a possible next time Ecowash, but until then 2 stars is all I can give.Oh & no sticker telling you when you are due back for another oil change  :(
5	I found this place on Yelp looking for car detailing. The reviews were respectable so I figured I'd check it out. My car was gross inside and out, in desperate need of a wash, vacuum, wipe down, etc. i rolled up and discussed what I was looking for with the attendant, he rang me up for $37 (which I thought was a really good price) for car wash, pet hair vaccuum, and interior wipe down. Pulled through the car wash and was met with another guy that went over my expectations. I waited 30-45 minutes which I thought was reasonable considering how much dog hair and nasty was in the interior and I came out to take a look and they did an amazing job! I was really impressed with this place, great service, fast, and everyone was really pleasant. I have never frequented these type of places, but I'm definitely coming back here before my car gets as bad as it was.
3	Car washes are good. BUT I wouldn't get my car services here.  My wife did and they put the wrong oil filter in which made her car leak and the whole thing took way longer than they quoted.
5	I just got back from San Diego and I swear I hit what seemed like every single bug on the road! I also brought my dogs so I REALLY needed my car washed and vacuumed. I will never go anywhere else besides here ever again! I LOVE THIS PLACE. Service was quick, spot on, and the people were very pleasant. I spent $22 for the wash, rim and tire clean, and insides done. After the wash the attendant asked me if there was anything in particular to focus on? I just asked for my back window since I had just had the windows tinted and finger prints were all over. My expectations a high and boy did they exceed them! After they are done they ask you to inspect your car to see if they missed anything. I even tipped them $5 because they did such an amazing job! Which by the way the tip box is attached to the middle pillar in the front, I had to ask and felt like a tard.
1	I really wanted to have a good experience here, but it just didn't happen. My car was super dirty, like dog hair caked EVERYWHERE and desperately needed an oil change. When first coming in I liked the interior enough, its comfortable, and the female at the front was about as average in customer service as you could get, but it sufficed. I got the high mileage synthetic blend oil change and a silver wash. I asked the cashier how long the total process would take about 45 minutes. Cool. I popped a squat in the waiting room and noticed my car sitting in front still, the cashier said two cars just pulled into the service station before mine, so add about 10 minutes to the original time estimate. Fair enough. About 30 minutes later my car was STILL sitting there. Interesting. Finally it vanishes to where I could only assume was the service station. About an hour later I'm craning my neck to see if my car is in the final washing stages of this god-forsaken process. It's not. So I go up to the cashier and immediately upon seeing my semi-disgruntled face she whips out a walky-talky and asked for an ETA on my car. She said that it was STILL  in the service station, but is just about to head to the car wash stage. I'm not very confrontational, probably from years of being yelled at myself from behind a counter on The Strip, but I simply asked "Soooo, were there a lot of cars ahead of mine? Is that why there's been about an hour delay?", the cashier says yes and some mumbo-jumbo about there being 3 lifts and parts from O'Reilly that were delayed...yadda yadda...I also get the same "shop speak" from the mechanic while I'm getting rung up and a somewhat sincere apology which I somewhat accept. So finally, now two hours after I've arrived my car is being vacuumed, wiped and all that other jazz. While I'm impatiently staring at my car, a manager walks in and proceeds to shame me about my extensive dog hair in the car. He understands that I've been there long enough to have written a novel but he wants to know since my filthy animals have certainly left a trace of themselves in the car if I can wait ANOTHER 15 minutes. Okay, so I'm going to end up being there close to 2 1/2 hours. Unbelievable. He says "Yeah, that hair....it's bad, so we can do a quick job and not get it all up, or you can give us an extra 15 minutes and we'll do our best.". I was pretty pissed at this point, but being the passive person in bad customer service situations, I didn't explode on him. I kinda understood to a certain degree where he was coming from cause, hey, my car was filthy, but he definitely did not have the best delivery for someone who has been there an extra hour and a half at no-fault of their own. Low and behold, they did a good job, the car runs smooth and after mentioning my horrendous dog hair about 15 times they did a good job on the wash too. But the wait...dear god...and the mediocre/below-average customer service definitely did not out-weigh the cons. I guess if I really flipped out and told them "what's-what" I probably could've gotten something discounted or a coupon or something. But that's just not who I am and honestly they knew their mistake and I should not have to make a scene in order to receive something for my inconvenience. That's just good customer service.Also, as a side note, there were not hoards of people in there either waiting for eons. Everyone seemed to breeze in and out with no problem. Yet another mystery gone unsolved.
4	Very friendly staff and the service was quick and great. My car was pretty dirty before coming here and it looks great now. I will be back to get it detailed again!
5	I wrote this review on Google, but I am so pleased with this place I wanted to share it here as well! We recently went to Ecowash to have our truck washed. Might I add this truck is used to haul our horse trailer around town several times a week, to haul hay, and across town daily to and from work. Needless to say it was filthy by the time we got it into Ecowash. The staff not only greeted us friendly, but walked us through the process since it was our first time to Ecowash. They went above and beyond to make our truck sparkle like the original black truck it should be! And that is just the outside! They literally scrubbed the inside of the truck to look like new! Our beloved dogs had left hair all over the backseat; there was dust, dirt and filth all over the inside. We left in what seemed to be a brand new pick-up truck! We have already recommended to our family to try this place out and plan taking our other vehicle in this week!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! After I had smog issues I went somewhere eles to get it fixed. I gave them 4 tries with no results. But when I came here they fixed it in 1 try!!!!! Passed  my smog FINALLY!! I will never service my car anywhere eles! This place is by far the BEST in town!!! Car washes  the staff and work is  top of the line !!!! If you need car work done trust me this is your place! You will be 100% satisfied!!!!!
5	Been here a few times now and I'm pretty impressed. With the exception of the cashier inside everyone of the detailers out on the line have been great. They are efficient and seem do a great job. I only take one of my cars here because its NOT a hand wash. I have a black SUV and am scared of swirls in the paint. Pricing is fair and they always do a great job wiping down the inside and I love how the car isn't greasy inside after they are done. Will be back!
5	Trust me when I tell you, this place is great. I have a brand new 300 and was paranoid about the machine. They told me it was the right kind of fiber so gentle on car. They also did a hand wax and complete interior for $40.....You cannot beat it with a stick. I forget the managers name, but he waiting for me and walked me to my car to make sure I was happy with the detail. It looked like a $200 detail. I am the V.P. of Marketing down the street and will send all my employees here. Thanks guys!  Regards, Ian p.s. their convenient store is like a 5 start hotel. Super clean and nice.
5	This is the only place I have my car washed and I drive all the way from silverado ranch. I first found this place with a groupon and I've been coming here since. My car looks brand new every single time. It's the typical car wash that you run your car trough, but they have different packages. I opt for the Gold package which includes the wash, tire shine, interior shine and vaccuum. The guys that do the detailing are thorough and always do a good job. They have you inspect the car once it's ready. It always amazes me how they get all the crumbs that are stuck in between the seams of my leather seats. And if a bird happens to poop on your car within 24 hours after the wash, they'll wash it again for free:) nice touch!! The waiting rooms are very inviting and comfortable. There are snacks and magazines to keep you occupied while you wait. Final tip: the guy that does the windshield chips is a bit pushy but now all the small chips in my windshield have been filled in for free (with auto insurance of course)
5	Having lived in Las Vegas for the past 5 1/2 years, I have visited my share of car washes for my cars while living here. Here is what impressed me so much about Ecowash that I felt absolutely compelled to leave a review... First, every time I come here, I know I will always receive great service and make sure my car leaves spotless. The managers, the workers, they all know that if the car is not washed and shimmied to your perfection, they will fix it. I have brought my messy, bug laddened SUV in and left looking like it just got out of the showroom. Second thing, they are equal opportunity employers. I ran into my old colleague who is deaf and to find him working there, smiling and having a great time was more than enough validation for me that this place was more than a car wash facility. Third, the owner Tim Bolton, is super nice and always available to speak to if you want to say hello. Not many business owners are willing to make time for you. All in all, I AM IN LOVE WITH ECOWASH and I know you will be too!
5	This car wash is by far the nicest in town! Their customer service is amazing, they always strive to make sure their customers are happy with everything before they leave. Their lounge area is so comfy, clean and cool in the Vegas heat!! I love that they offer a variety of merchandise in the store including refreshing drinks and snacks while you wait for your car which is awesome! The manger, I believe his name is Curtis, he will take care if anything you need or want and always with a positive attitude! 5 stars for them!!
3	I drive a Nissan Sentra that was desperately in need of a wash and vacuum. I came here the other day with a friend who got her Jetta washed and it looked great so I decided to try this place instead of the regular Fabulous Freddy's or something, which is where I usually go. I got the "Gold" option. My car did look good when it was done. The only thing that I was really disappointed in was the vacuum job. I have a dog who sheds, but I don't expect every single piece of hair to be gone. However, I feel like I vacuum my car out better when I do it at home. The front seat was okay but there was still a TON in the back seat. And not just dog hair, random debris too. Who wants to go home and vacuum out their car after you just paid someone else to do it?The people were really nice. The waiting area really clean. Nice couches. The car wash just wasn't as great as I was hoping. Maybe if you're getting a full detail on your BMW this is worth the drive and the price. But for someone like me, just looking for a nice vacuum, wash, and wipe down, might as well stick to Fabulous Freddy's.
4	I like this place.  Been here a dozen times or so and they are very consistent and do a good job.  The place is clean and there appears to be a manager or supervisor always out working on drying and cleaning cars which ensures that wash is the same each time.  I take my wife's car there and it usually looks like a bomb went off inside and they always do a great job of cleaning her car.My only complaint is the dude who tries to sell me on fixing a stone chip in my windshield  You can barely see it let alone feel it and he is a little pushy.  Would be better if they did not have the windshield repair person.  I'll be back, you get what you pay for and they do a nice job.
1	So Friday night and my car needs a bath. My normal spot is closed already so I went to Ecowash to give it a try. On their website they show all these people hand washing your car and since I have an expensive new convertible this is exactly what I'm looking for.  Unfortunately that is not what I get. They sent it through their tunnel and had someone go around it with a spray washer like you see in the self serve car washes. Needless to say when they pulled it around it was still covered in all kinds of dirt because they never used any kind of brush on it. I spent $35 on a wash that would have cost me $3 in quarters. They did a good job on the vacuuming and leather ($10 extra) but the windows looked like crap with lots of lent and missed spots.  When I mentioned to the manager how what I expected and what I received were two different things, I got a pat answer about how the brushes didn't touch my car. He didn't seem to care at all that my car didn't get cleaned well and never offered any discount or apologies. He did, however, go outside and yell at the guy who took my car in like it was his fault.. great management style-   :rolling eyes:  I still tipped $5 but just because I always tip, they really didn't deserve it. After spending $50 I'm about to go outside and finish the job myself.   Steer clear (pun intended), there are much better places to give your car a bath.
5	Visited Ecowash for the first time today.  I usually got to Fabulous Freddy's but I saw the Yelp deal and figured I would try it out.  I really like this place.  Every one was so courteous and did a great job cleaning my car.  One of the managers even pointed out that I had hard water stains on my car and let me know how much it would cost to get them out.  I'm very impressed with the inside of the facility as well.  Very relaxing to hang out.  I will definitely go back.  My only suggestion would be to have the initial guy running the exterior car wash is to take off the radio antenna.  I forgot about it until it was too late.  But other than that, I am a fan.
1	Never come here, the service is terrible and they don't care about you. I will never come back and I will tell my friends
5	Thank you Ecowash, I fall in love w/ my car all over again every time you guys are done with it!! I usually get the Gold Package, because it's all I really need... Tim, Curtis, and Brian are the Best!!
5	Been coming here for over a yr now and love it. I always have my cars exterior done and only had detailing on the interior a few times. They're always very fast and very organized. They have so many cars there constantly but always make you feel as if they really appreciate your business and always run on time. I have what I think is a decent car and like it to be taken car of, and they always do a great job. I'm not too sure what the guys name is that does all the financial transactions, but he's tall and has a a ponytail. Anyways, he's so friendly and is exactly the kind of person who should always be greeting customers.
5	Just moved into town and was looking for a good car wash spot. I got the 2nd of the 3 car wash packages offered which was $11 and basically included a full wash and dry minus the fancy stuff (waxing, etc.) After choosing a package the attendant does a pre-wash and scrub by hand and then you go through the car wash machine. Afterwards you pull up to a lane where a couple guys hand-dry your car. My car came out very clean, rims and all! Great service for a good deal.
5	I find myself coming back to EcoWash for every car wash. I have a prerunner so whenever I come in, the truck is usually filthy. The employees are always super friendly and have helped me out multiple times. I believe their prices to be very fair, I always leave with the truck looking brand new. I usually go for their gold package and have yet to be disappointed. Thanks guys!
5	Awesome Job!  They were thorough, and my car looks amazing!!
2	After coming here several times over the past year and getting good service, something has changed.  My last two visits (one on a Saturday the other at 10:30 am on a Tuesday) have been excruciatingly slow.  Both recent visits have taken over an hour and a half for wash and oil change.  Seems excessive to me.
5	Drove an hour for the best car wash in the state of Nevada! Because it's that amazing!
4	Great service on a timely manner. Thanks eco wash!!
5	Great service. Clean facilities. My SUV looked the best that it has in a long time. Attention to detail was also great.I'll be back
5	Good location, great service - love that you get a free car wash with your oil change.
5	Just wanted to know how much it would be for a full detail service on a truck would be and i get placed on hold for 5 min then they hang up.. Cool!
4	All in all I had a positive experience here at Ecowash.  Their service standards were great and I left a satisfied customer.  I was most happy with the attention to detail inside and out. The job was prompt and professional, the staff addressed me respectfully and did a great job meeting my needs.  Only critique would be the staff need to exercise more discretion, when addressing crew on internal issues,  in the presence of customers. I will gladly return, next time I'm in the area.
5	Used the yelp coupon and they did a great job! Much better then the others (terribles, Freddy's & charleston wash) no water spots no missed bird poop drops, inside looked new, outside was nice & shiny. Good deal for $17 plus tip. Cheaper then other places too. Waiting area was also nice & clean, lots of comfy chairs & couches and even a little play area for toddlers. It's a little far from where I live but I'll make the drive for a worthy carwash!
3	I take two cars here every other weekend. Pretty loyal customer. One is my wife's minivan. I was pretty surprised today when there was a piece of chocolate on the seat from my daughter. Supervisor sort of guy told me cleaning that is not included in be silver package. Are you kidding me!  He finally gave in after I reminded him I tipped five bucks.  Took the dude two wipes of a towel and it was gone. He said the boss sits in the office overlooking the cleaning lanes and he does not like them to give cleaning away. You really want to up charge me for a five second clean off?  What's the point of going to a car wash to clean your car if you don't come out with a clean car?Generally I really like this place but I have a bad taste in my mouth after this. Be warned you will get up charged for cleaning anything that does not come off with he included "dusting"
5	I took my Highlander to get washed and shampooed today. They did an amazing job inside and out! I couldn't be happier. They even brought me out to the car to inspect it when it was done. I dealt with Curtis, who was very kind and helpful. Thanks. I will definitely be back and refer others.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic! Curtis is very kind and attentive when it comes to the little details that make the world of difference. Very cool guy, and they always do a fantastic job! The car looks brand new!
4	Great deal on their Diamond package. For $40 you get a wash, shampoo, rim detail, and more. They have a nice waiting area with coffee & massage chairs. Staff was friendly. They did a pretty good job on cleaning my car. I just had to point out some mud stains in front but they were able to fix if. But interior was very clean. Happy car owner.
5	This place does a great job. Nothing is ever missed. I have been here for Oil Changes and such an it's very reasonably priced!
2	Alright, I have never wrote a review on yelp, but I had to today because what happened in the end just pissed me off. I've been to this place about 3 times total since they opened up and I live less than 5 minutes from it. I came here today to get a scratch buffed out from my trunk lid. I went in at 10am in the morning since I had scheduled the appointment the night before. The customer service was nice and seemed like they knew what they were doing. It didn't cost too much and took only about 30 minutes. They definitely did a great job with it, I'll tell you that. After they finished, they washed the car with no extra charge which was nice, but didn't completely dry the exterior. The car was mostly dry except for the rear bumper near the trunk. They were showing me the spot where they buffed out the scratches and you can clearly see water just dripping down the bumper with water marks all over. But neither of them decided to wipe it, instead one of them just kind of pushed the water off with his finger... After showing me the results, they started to try and convince me to fix this and that. Now, keep in mind, this is a brand new car that I purchased about 4 days ago.. They have the "windshield guy" speak to me about how I 'supposedly' have very minor cracks on my windshield that you can't see. He tells me that it's from rock chips from driving on the road and that 1 in 3 cars have it.. Says he usually charges $60-$70 but will only do it for $30 today. I kindly told him, maybe I'll come back some other time because it IS a new car.. So, after that the other guy was telling me how there were, once again, minor scratches all over the car and that he can give me a full detail and buff for 'x' amount of money. I told him that I wasn't interested and don't really have the money for something like that right now. Then, I believe the manager at the time, was trying to convince me that they have the best detailer here and I should probably schedule an appointment to get it done, blah blah blah. Now, I assume that they were trying to get me to do this and that because I'm only 20. It looks like I don't know anything and maybe, just maybe I will spend all my money on detailing this supposedly new car. That part didn't really make me mad, until this happened. I drove to a nearby empty parking lot so that I can get my 2 own bright yellow colored microfiber towels out of the trunk to wipe down the wet spots. To my surprise, they weren't there in the trunk.. Now, before assuming I thought maybe I left them at home, but it should only be one at home since I rarely use the other one which I keep far back in the trunk. I get home and check, but see nothing. So I decided to call them and told them that I was missing the two towels. It immediately clicks when I told the manager (the one speaking to me earlier) about it and he said he will call me right back because the detailer was looking at him with a weird face. They called me like 2 minutes after and told me that they had it and apologized for it. When I got there, not even the manager would come up to apologize, it was just the cashier. Now then, why would you take something out of someone's car that is clearly not yours? That's just shady. This place seemed very professional and whatnot to me. From what I saw, all of their towels are mainly dark green and some black. Both of mine were bright yellow.. The towels aren't expensive and I live close by so I didn't mind going back for them, but really? I don't have many belongings in my car, so yes I know what's missing. So anyways, just wanted to say they have good customer service and will get the job done, but beware of your belongings cause who knows if they'll disappear without you knowing.
4	Great Carwash. My car looked very nice when they were finished. The staff was nice and helpful. Loved the free air freshener for checking in and a great yelp deal on top of that. They seem very thorough on the cleaning on the interior and the outside of my car was shining and bright when they finished. I definitely recommend this carwash and will be back in the future.
1	Brought my truck in for a wash and their machine ripped my spoiler off. I was there for 2 hrs while they repaired it, and still needed to come back the next day so they could finish. Horrible service.
5	Might be the fanciest car wash I have ever been to!! Everyone was super friendly, they did a great job cleaning my car, and they were quick! Would totally recommend this place to anyone!
1	I rate this zero stars. I read all of the good reviews and finally I decided to go for a car wash. My car looks nothing like they say it will be, when it's done.The guy cleaning my car doesn't even know English. I asked for a rag politely so I can clean my car myself but he had no clue what I was saying... I wish I was a happy customer to this business but I'm not. I wouldn't recommend this business what so ever. The picture below shows it's not cleaned. I still had dirt and dried water marks all over my car..
5	Great customer service, good communication, and fair prices.I dropped my car off for an oil change, and shortly after they began work on my car, they came to me with an issue. My water pump was leaking and they suggested I replace it immediately. They gave me their price for the work, and when I ran it by a friend who owns a repair shop from my hometown, he said it was a good price for the parts + labor.Once I authorized them to do the work, they offered to drive me to/from my place of business while they did the worked on my car. The employee who drove me (Brian) was a very nice guy, and he and the mechanic (Mike) came off as trustworthy and honest. My experience was above and beyond what I expected, and I will continue to gladly give them my business, and recommend them to my friends and coworkers.
5	I hate writing, so I'll keep this short and sweet.  My car was very dirty and my dog had urinated on the leather passenger seat about a week earlier.  I used vinegar and enzymes for the smell, but had no idea the amount of damage I had done to the leather, until it started to show.  They cleaned the seat repeatedly and treated it.  They got the leather nice again- unfortunately the urine smell is still a bit in the foam.  Not their fault.  They spent a lot of time trying to get that smell out and they did a very nice job on the leather damage.  Tim, the owner offered to run a special machine that gets smells out any day of the week that's good for me (in addition to all the time they spent already-  I was there about an hour while they worked on my car.)  I've read I need to use a needle/syringe and inject the vinegar and enzymes through the stitching holes into the foam.  That's what I should have done to begin with, not pour vinegar and water-based enzymes over the whole seat, damaging the leather.  I'll take him up on the smell removal machine if the needle thing doesn't work.  It's nice to know that's included if I need it.  Ecowash went out of their way for me and did the best job possible with the seat.  They closed and stayed late to work on it.  The rest of my car is like it was detailed.  Perfect.  They honestly cared about me being happy with the results.  The owner Tim came in two or three times to ask if I was ok and apologize for it taking so long.  I appreciate when a business goes out of their way to do the best job possible and  ensure that I am happy.  Thank you Tim and Ecowash :)
5	Great service! Great work. Got my windshield fixed for free! Now a loyal customer!
5	Curtis was the best ever. He completely hooked me up and got my car sparkling! Super nice. I haven't  been this impressed with a car was in a long time. Best car wash service I ever had! He did everything I asked and didn't leave a spot! And he did it in half the time! Amazing! Only car wash I'm going to from now on in Vegas!
3	I'll give this a three star only because the owner replied to my comment and gave out his hand to try out his business again. Will be coming back and editing my review.
2	I have come here at least 1-2 times a month to get the $22 gold car wash for the last year. Every time is a different experience and I guess it's also partly my fault because I always try to give them the benefit of the doubt. Today was definitely the worst I've ever had.It was a simple wash and clean and the front had some bug residue from a road trip to california last weekend. the employee informed me that he "scrubbed very hard" and was not able to remove the bug residue no matter how hard he tried. He informed me to go to walmart and pick up some bug spray and let it sit for a while before attempting to remove it. I was a little upset because I believed him and went straight to walmart to buy some cleaning supplies for my car. I wiped it right off as soon as I sprayed it. Which proves to me that he just didn't wanna do it. I'm even more angry at myself because I gave him an undeserved tip!!!! Also... After looking at the inside of my car some more they definitely did not wipe it down! Definitely not worth the money if you have to clean your own car AFTER a car wash. I would not recommend this place after being a loyal customer the last twelve months. I can get a better service with a $6 car wash at sams club and 99 cent vacuum time!
5	I had my car cleaned here and they had done an amazing job and finished in a timely manor. Everyone was super nice and kept asking if I needed anything. The owner or manager Tim and one of the other employees were extremely nice and spent a great deal if time fixing my spoiler that was coming loose at no charge!! They were awesome!
5	Excellent car wash! I drove 25 minutes to check this place out and it was totally worth it! My car looked amazing inside it out! Definitely check out the yelp deal to save a few dollars! I'm also a promoter for XS so I got to hand out my business cards to a few clients in there lol
5	This place does an amazing job. They spend so much time  on your car it practically looks like you got it detailed once they are finished. It's definitely a little bit pricier than your average car wash but it's worth the extra few dollars TRUST ME! They pay so much attention to detail when they are vacuuming etc. I was very impressed when I went to get my car in the front. Plus the inside waiting area is very new and very nice. They have large leather couches, massage chairs, coffee and food options and very clean restrooms. Very impressed with this car wash. Despite the fact that it is about a 15 minute drive from where I live I will definitely be back again.
1	I have been here 3 times now and all 3 times have been terrible car washes. I buy a diamond wash which is $40 every time and every time there are still spots on my car. Also, for $40 dollars I shouldn't have to pay extra for the bugs to get cleaned off the front of my car either. It's not like I don't tip well either I usually give $5 to $10 to the detailers. Never coming back here again!!!!!
1	Do NOT get your windows tinted here. After about 8 to 9 months at least one window will start getting scratches in the tint. And despite the paperwork saying you have a lifetime warranty, they will blame it on you and refuse to fix it. I know I didn't cause when I baby my truck and it only gets hand washed! Plus only the tint guy knows what's going on here. Don't bother to talk to anyone else; you'll only be more confused.
5	These guys were amazing! I got a full detail for my boyfriends car. They were VERY fair on their price and the customer service was superb. They also have a great waiting area and snack bar. I won't go anywhere else from now on.
1	Place is a joke. Pulled up to a sign that read "attendant on duty" after waiting there for a few minutes and deciding on a wash package I had to go hunt down a employe who told me to pull up to the entrance of the washing area. Then after waiting for several more minutes I was told the machine that rolls cars through the wash was broken and that it "happens all the time". Ok....... So I just left and went 3 miles away to their competitor who did a great HANDWASH job.  Next car wash I need, I'll just keep driving past ecowash.
5	I've brought my white Lexus here about 6 times and they always do a superior job. Very classy and unique place. I highly recommend.
1	I just got back home from washing my friend's car...and there's only one word that can describe my mood: pissed. The guys did a good job making the outside of the car look good but the inside was a disaster. I paid $22 to give my friend a surprise because her car was always super dirty and messy and she never had time to clean it. I drove 5 miles to this place and this is what I get? I could've chosen other car wash places but I chose this one because I trusted it. I went inside the car and saw cookie crumbles, GUM, trash. You name it. I'm pretty sure this place is good at cleaning cars but the guy who cleaned mine today was HORRIBLE. I tipped him $10 and when I was on my way back, I noticed he closed all the openings in the car that were the most dirtiest! I opened them and there was all that trash and gum. He didn't even touch it or make an effort to clean it!!!! I literally just cleaned all that trash and gum out. I'm so upset and disappointed. I AM NEVER GOINg BACK AGAIN or recommending it to a friend. If you want your car cleaned, go somewhere else. This $22 is not worth all this.
5	I took my truck to be washed and it wasn't up to their normal standards. When I notified Tim and Curtis they went above and beyond great customer service.  They made my car look amazing.  It is refreshing to see people take pride in their business and respond to customer issues. With service like this I will definitely trust them to wash my baby... Lol. Thank you Tim and Curtis.
5	$40 detail ... Can't beat that. Even though I hate the whole car wash experience - the sit and wait, the hanging air fresheners - it was quick and the service guy was polite.
5	Best wash in town. Amazing service! Amazing wash! Amazing prices. Thank you Curtis my car looks amazing!!!!
5	First timer here! Definitely be back! And I don't even live on this side of town. Staff was very friendly. Car looked great inside and out! Worth the money. Trust my car was diiir-tay when I brought in.
5	Curtis Welling is the only reason I come back to this car wash.  I pay for the diamond package every time hoping my car is spotless. And 90% of the time I have to go back over certain spots when I get home.  When Curtis is there, I never have to go back over my car myself. He has stayed after closing, cleaning my car himself making sure it looks good. He always goes above and beyond for me!
5	The two young girls that work there are cute.
4	I love this place! My car had nothing but bugs from a recent trip out of town. They were extremely thorough paid attention to detail. The staff is friendly the wait time was average.  To pass time I was in the lounge watching tv and in the massage chair. Every other week for me looks like. I recommend this place if your on this side of time!
4	Ecowash's prices are in line with other car wash and service businesses, yet I find they provide a more quality experience. They do a superb job on their car washes and oil changes and they have great customer service and a comfortable waiting area.
5	I come here once a month to get a detail in my car. The prices can be a little scary at first but they do an amazing job and all their staff are very friendly and willing to answer any questions you have.
1	Worst service ever!   These guys have no clue what they are doing and are completely unorganized!   Simple window tint job.....I had to come back 3 times!!!   First they didn't schedule my appointment!  Then on the 2nd visit, they messed up the tint job!   Miss quoted me right from the beginning.   3rd time back and a 5 hour wait time later......they are still trying to charge me more than the original quote!   And they have the nerve to say...."sorry, we can't work for free".    REALLY!?!?!?!!    Get the shit right the first time and we don't have to go through this!!    Don't go here for ANYTHING!   EVER!!!     worst organization and service that I have experienced in Vegas!!!
1	Just got my car washed today. Didn't notice till i got home what a horrible job it was! And to think i had given $5 extra for tip. I felt like  my car got in the rain and dried up. TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. I dont think ill come back to this one ever again. Very bad service. POOR QUALITY JOB DONE.
5	Very impressed.  Purchased Diamond package for interior clean including shampooing of mats and my nearly 10-year-old car has never looked better.  Gentleman directing cars to the canopy had excellent energy and humor.  Team was very thorough with the car inside and out (including the notoriously-overlooked under-the-door carriage).  Floor mats had never been shampooed professionally (just hosed down by me) and they got them as clean as possible.  They took their time and it was worth the wait (waiting area is lush and I had my Kindle and used their free wi-fi to watch some Netflix).  Yelp deal is a nice $5/off enhancement and even though the cashier didn't know how to process it, she didn't make the customer wait for a manager (she did this thing called "math" whereby she took the package total, subtracted the pre-paid coupon, and charged me the rest -- truly mesmerizing).  Will definitely go back.  Great detail, environmentally friendly, and affordable for the time and attention received.
5	We love Ecowash! We turned our car in for an oil change, which was really well priced, fast, and the service was excellent.  We came back for some intake work and we paid far less than their competitors, and they guys did a fantastic job.  We plan to go here for all oil changes and services they can do, including tinting our vehicles.
1	Boyfriend has been a customer here for 3 years & we've brought all our cars here. Had a incident happen here yesterday (7/2/14) around 6:25 PM.  We had been taking pictures earlier that day at Mt. Charleston so the car was filthy with bugs, & dust. No other way around it but it had to be cleaned.BRIAN our cashier listed on the receipt, was directing us STRAIGHT. I was there in the passenger seat when we heard a bang inside the car, the rim hit the railing.  We came to a stop & put the car window down to ask Brian how bad was it.  He said to us, "You're good bro,  you didn't even touch it".   Which was a LIE to our faces. We finished the wash & they wiped the car down. We drove to Arroyo plaza to see we CLEARLY hit it. Brian wasn't truthful with us.We rushed back before they were closed. We drove back & spoke with Eric.  He says, "Come here BRO", & showed us the railing which, has a SHARP edge where the metals meet. THAT'S what caused the damage, NOT us.The car is 3 weeks old, late model 2013 Genesis coupe with 1,000 miles on it. We figured we'd bring it here because we've gotten our cars tinted & liked the customer service.   Such a shame you rather lose a long term customer over something simple.  I don't understand how you wouldn't care enough about somebody as loyal to keep coming back for 3 YEARS.  Not to mention my boyfriend has referred customers their way before.STILL we had faith they would do the right thing & refinish the wheel. NOTHING.  How about an APOLOGY from Brain himself?  What's going to be done about him LYING to customers about damage?Eventually after Tim the CEO called my boyfriend at work he was told Curtis would get back to him & he was not forgotten.  My boyfriend became concerned after 6 PM he had not heard from him, so he called and asked for Curtis, to which he replies to my boyfriend, "I thought TIM & spoke to you about this". Curtis won't return his calls. He gives off the "nice guy" vibe in face to face tells us as we walked out to the car this morning, "there's Nothing I can do about aftermarket wheels". We told him the car was a month old, & they were factory wheels. To which he replies, "Oh $#it they are factory wheels.... I'm sorry I shouldn't of assumed".  He seemed like a nice guy when he apologized for the assumption.HERE'S what pissed us off! Curtis was telling both of us this morning (8:30 AM), he had a guy come in with wide wheels & stretched tires. He offered to pay HALF, yet he won't offer us the same.. Shrugged off when this is the first time we've ever complained. We've never caused any problems. Curtis mentioned he's had some irate customers in the past.  We're good people, we wanted this resolved..  We like bringing our business to family owned places as much as possible.Curtis seemed nice face to face when he told us he treats his customer complaints as serious as if it was his own mother. Where is that outstandingly nice guy? The copy he sent us of the recording of the video, it was very poor quality & he's was using his camera phone.  Showing the two cameras at the entrance of the car wash. I wish I could upload the video on yelp, i will describe it as best I can. You can't see anything as far as hand gestures from Brian, he's a shadowy figure. You see the car pulling in with the wheel straight, then as it's approaching the rail to the entrance,  it's turned to the right & stops.  As I'm watching this is disbelief, I can hear Curtis say, "Tells him to turn, tells him to turn.. and THAT'S what causes the damage".  The way he lied on his copy of the recording made things even worse. I thinking to myself you can completely see what happening despite the phone shaking as he's recording.  He even backed it up (as if it wasn't clear enough). Still the same thing,  wheel is straight car is pulling in forward motion & very last minute turns right & we stop when we hit the rail. There's no mistaking that. Regardless it happened on their lot due to their employee directing us in. I feel like they should be held at fault for having that sharp side of the rail sticking out! That's failure to maintain the railing.We've tried being reasonable & calm but apparently that doesn't work. We've been respectful & that got us no where.  It takes class to try to resolve things appropriately..   I waited to hear back from my boyfriend hoping I wouldn't have to write a negative review.. Which I always try to avoid & give the benefit of the doubt, especially if someone has had a long day.UPDATED:Steer clear of here. The railings here have no rubber to prevent damage & there is a sharp edge we caught with our factory rim. They could care less. They hire liars & thieves. An ex firefighter had his truck detailed here. The guy detailing his truck stole his ipod & ended up getting arrested. Can't make that up. Alamo Hand Car Wash (Russell & Rainbow) inside the Arco Gas station. It's the same price $7.99 for an express wash. Yelp check-ins get 50% too! You're welcome.
5	I recently had a car repaired here, and to my surprise the owner Tim was actually present at the store. He greeted me when I arrived and personally asked what the problems were that I was having.Mike the technician, is the one who actually did the repair work on my car. He kept me informed and up-to-date on the entire process. I will admit that the price was a little more that what I wanted, but not being haggled and up sold on product that I really didn't need was worth the couple of extra dollars. Oh, and the cashier Pattie was a doll. She was extreme nice, and her customer service skills were amazing.Definitely will be returning here. Hopefully for a detail only, and not another repair.
1	Surprise surprise. Ignorant people hire ignorant liers. This is straight to Tim.  Very careless and unprofessional. I've been a loyal customer since 2011 with getting my tint done. I always highly referred your shop for tint. I'm not some punk kid in daddies bmw. I work my back side off for what I own. The damage done to my genesis was not my fault. I'll stand by that 100%. Your lucky yelp won't let me up load the video Curtis sent me. Garbage quality and he talks the entire time. Not once did my wheels turn left. You'd rather lie just like the rest of your employees. I've gotten quotes from 5 different places to get my wheel fixed. It's sad you can't admit fault keep a customer happy and spend the hundred bucks it is to fix my car. I find it ignorant that you would say that I would purposely damage a brand new car. That's pathetic! So you've lost a highly loyal customer and all my referals. Don't bother responding. Since you don't return phone calls either.  Technically your liable either way since you dont have anything staing your not liable for damage, and Curtis told me a customer came in with stretched tiers and wide wheels. His car was damaged due to his fault and you still offered to pay half? But yet I get told to go pound sand.  Classy. Don't use this place a bunch of liers and ignorant disrespectful individuals from owner down to the last guy wiping down cars.
1	First of all I gave them 1 star because there is no 0 star!!! I just went there for oil change and car wash. They made me wait for 2 hours and 10 minutes. Should I say something else?? Also I'll make sure that no one goes there!!!!
5	My absolute favorite car wash!!! This place has amazing customer service and my car always looks immaculate when it's done. I have friends that drive from across town just to go to this car wash. 5 stars all around!!
3	This is my go-to place for repair and maintenance.  I am always satisfied with the results. The process, however, could be improved.  I would be a LOT less annoyed if they gave themselves a 30 minute buffer (or realistic timeline) on how long a service would take.  They tell you how long the service would take, but not take into account the queue ahead of your vehicle, amount of staff or supplies in stock.
5	I recently has a fender bender in a parking lot. I went to get my car washed to see how bad the damage was. After they cleaned my car the BEST it ever has looked, they completely buffed out the damage and my car looks practically new. Curtis was absolutely AMAZING and I am so grateful I came across this car was and these fabulous people!!!! Thank you for taking such immaculate care of my car!!!!!!!!!!!! Sincerely, Amy;)
5	Idk if they had seen a dirtier car than the one I just dropped off for a full detail. Curtis and Kevin teamed up and did an outstanding job couldn't b happier! Great customer service thanks again guys
5	My son found ecowash auto spa, when searching for a place to tint windows. I went there and they tinted my 2011 Honda Accord, same day! I was so impressed with their service, they do everything. You can get oil changed all kinds of auto work done. I was also impressed with how nice and helpful everyone that worked there was. When I left I was worried my windows were too dark, so I called the next day and spoke to Curtis the manager. He said to come right down and I did and they fixed it right away! This will definitely be my new maintenance and repair place for my car! I have already referred a few people there!Oh and I forgot to say that they had to strip old tint off my car and tint all my windows and they told me 2 hrs and it actually only took 2 hrs! Also the waiting area is so comfortable and patty was so pleasant! I have had several other cars tinted at other places in town and felt really uncomfortable waiting in there waiting room, but I love this place!
2	This is the first time going to this place for oil change. I usually go to Terrible Herbs in flamingo. But since this place is a block away from my house I give em a try. I got to this place around 8:20am today to do the oil change. Cashier took the key and we waited 1 hour and 45 mins to do the oil change and the quick car wash that they didn't even whipped it down good coz all door panels are still wet. I know the car wash is free but same thing in Terrible's. Upon check out I ask the cashier about the $5 discount on their own website and she said that I can only use one coupon which I purchase here at yelp or the $5 discount out of their site. So since I already got the one from yelp that's what I use. I told her that there's no such as rule on their own site that I can only use one but she said that under yelp is. So I let that go and pay using yelp. Another thing I notice is they do 24 multi point service inspection same as where I go but no one talk to me about anything. So I'm guessing that my suzuki Verona is in wonderful condition and I got 24 out of 24 thumbs up?? I mean Terrible's will tell you oh I fill up your windshield water coz almost empty and same thing on your break and power steering is low. Nothing on the paper work that state any of that either. So how can you say they really did what they said they did if you didn't even see it. I'm sorry but if your like me with trust issue you will always get that hanging question marks in your head. The waiting area is good coz I have my son with me and they do have small table for kids. The good thing that they have that to entertain my son coz waiting for that long on oil change kids get easily board. Bottom line is if you have the time to wait for 1 hour and 45 mins for oil change and don't really care what they really do to your car then this is the best place for you. I don't think the place is for me. I rather drive far that I know I'm getting what I paid for and I know for a fact they did my oil change correctly coz I'm watching them how they do it. I give them 2 star coz I like the waiting area. And zero star for the waiting time and not explaining what they do to your car.
5	I have been going to Ecowash since it opened.  They always make sure your happy with their work and they do it good.  I recently had Kevin do a complete interior detail and oder removal after a storm soaked the inside of my car.  I was beyond  impressed with the job he did and the attention to detail on the whole inside.  Plus the Ozone machine they use for the oder removal made my 06 Jeep Commander smell like a brand new car.  I highly recommend them its one stop shopping wash, maitenence and lube all in one spot.  Thanks again guys
5	I absolutely love this car wash, they take great care of my car and the customer service is amazing!! Thank you Ecowash!
5	LOVE this place. Honest people with great prices. Dealership was trying to charge me over $1k for work I supposedly "needed" and this company told me I didn't even need it done. Saved me so much money...hard to find an honest place! Couldn't rave enough about them.
2	I went on August 21 with my son. It would be better if one of your employee will let your customer know what's going on with there vehicle rather than just giving a paper.
5	One stop shop! My whip came out looking like a shiny brand new penny! Very friendly staff.. Very accommodating, didn't have to wait long. (20 minutes for the gold package).. Also if you save your receipt and it rains within 48 hours of your car wash, you can come back for a free wash again! I know that hardly ever happens here in Vegas.. But kinda cool I thought! Thanks guys I will be back!!
2	They did not even get the car clean. The windows still had stains and the lowers panels weren't even touched! The back seats were still covered in dust and stains. Never going back!
1	Been there couple of times and both times I was extremely disappointed with how my car came out..  they left bugs on the car and left streaks on the windows. .. I won't be back!!!!!!
2	We went in August 21st at 0820hours. And I got out of there almost 10:30hours already. I'm driving a 2005 suzuki Verona.
5	Nice guys.  They always do a good job cleaning inside and outside of a vehicle.  Speedy and convenient.  Nice waiting area with massage chairs and a Starbucks across the street while you wait.
5	Overall the system was a good flow. Friendly customer service reps. I paid $40 for a wash and detail. My kids had made a mess with their shoes and they managed to get rid of most of it. Other than that area the car looked like brand new which is more than I was hoping for. It took about 45 mins from start to finish which I was happy about because when something is done right it will not be done any sooner. There is plenty of seating area while you wait. I will definitely be back!
5	Used this place many many times for all of my detailing.. their tint specialist is great and offers full warranty on everything.
5	Man this is place is amazing! I got the Diamond wash and it was worth every penny! The guy that finished cleaning my car had a broken finger and he scrubbed this weird grime that was chillin on the inside of my car door that another car wash place quoted me $200 to clean and he did it for FREE! He said he wanted to make a good first impression. He had a freakin broken finger! What an amazing dude. Really, he did not have to do that but I appreciate that he did. Also, I have a son, he's 2 and very restless right now so their waiting area is perfect! Cause I got to sit in their comfy couch eating yummy snacks while my son plays in their kiddy area. I definitely will be back! Super family friendly and the guys there are awesome.
1	THIS IS A COMPLETELY HONEST REVIEW:My girlfriend and I came to this place for the very first time yesterday. Upon leaving, we were satisfied with the car wash itself, it looked great. UNTIL...we woke up to a flat tire. The mechanism used to guide the car through is completely faulty and has no protection to prevent damage to your tire. I immediately contacted them and expressed my concern. I was told I would be contacted within an hour and even with me giving them a follow up call, I didn't hear back from them until 5 hours later. The owner TIM left a voicemail stating how their machines can't damage your tires and gave his best effort to place the blame on us, the customer. So I came to yelp, where I've seen many reviews stating damage and the lack of care given to customers who aren't happy. He made no effort to repair the relationship at all and basically in not so many words told me to "f" myself. I would never recommend spending money at a place that doesn't value their customers and cannot take ownership of their faults. If I could give zero stars or negative stars I definitely would. DO NOT SPEND A DIME HERE!! When you tire is sliced you will have paid 100 plus dollars for a simple car wash (that includes your new tire you will have to purchase because TIM will not care). All in all, save yourself the stress. That hassle. And the risk of damage.
5	Got to give to the boys over at Eco. Hands down best car wash/detail shop in town. They hooked my truck up fat. Full detail/wash, seats shampoo and a full wrap of limo tint for $120. Can't beat it. Go see my boy Curtis and the rest of the crew over there. They will take care of you
1	Don't waste your time! I just tried to go here for the 3rd time and there is always a ridiculous wait. They either need to hire a lot more people or allow people to make reservations. This car wash is 25 minutes from me and I will never bother trying to go again. Go to Windy City Car Wash. Great service and you can call ahead to schedule an appointment.
5	Since moving to Las Vegas I have only used Ecowash. They do such a nice job on all of our vehicles, they are courteous, polite, and professional. Today I learned about a service they offer that removes all the little scratches  that happen in our everyday driving. Tony took the time to buff ( by hand) the scratches and they are barely visible! He explained that with his machine he could make them completely disappear! I'm so excited to set up my appt and have my car's beauty brought back to life. Thank you Tony for showing me what can be done with a little extra time! I love Ecowash Auto Spa!! Thank you Tony you Rock!!!!
5	Love this place! My car looks brand new every time I leave and I'm always in and out so quickly. Staff is friendly and waiting area is comfortable
2	I use to really love this place. But a little over a week ago I got my car washed there. I came home and later that night noticed my antenna on my car was missing. I tore my car apart figuring that they had just left it in a seat. But it was no where to be found. The next morning I called and was told to come down and they would look for it. Well they couldn't find it in my car either. The lady behind the counter who was really nice said that the manager would call. Well I never heard from him so two days later I called back. He was too busy to talk and she said he would call. I still haven't heard anything and have called again looking for him. I'm really disappointed because I know an antenna doesn't just go missing. And the manager won't handle the problem. Needless to say I will find a new car wash.
4	The only problem I ever have with this place is that when they dry off my windows they use towels that aren't totally dry. I get water streaking every time I go here, which kind of defeats the purpose of the wash to a certain extent.Otherwise they are great. Interiors are clean and the car looks great afterward (minus the streaking on the glass, which is more visible to the passengers than it is to passers by).
3	This is not a true hand car wash as I prefer back at home.  When you are an out of towner on business this definitely get the jobs done.  Now how quick depends on how many people are on staff.  The first part was painless. Pay from your car, car gets pushed through with a track and brushes peel the paint. Again not a hand wash. Since my car is black, you could see the swirl marks on finish. Then you drive your car over and then they tell you how long it will take. Since they only had 5 on staff to finish the rest of the job, I was quoted an hour wait to have the car cleaned on the inside.  Keep in mind this was Monday afternoon at 4:00pm. They did do an amazing job on the interior of the car and I have zero complaints about that. If you are particular about having a hand car wash as I am, don't come here. If you want your car clean this will more than suffice. The minus 2 stars are for not being a true hand car wash and the excessive wait time.
5	Got my car washed inside and out here for the first time and they did such a great job! I will definitely be coming back here. Thanks for making my car white again!! Oh and thanks for the free air freshener for checking in!!
5	My first car wash since I moved here to Las Vegas in the beginning of summer, so my car was buried in that Vegas sand, and I am glad I picked this place! The price for their Gold Package was affordable and worth it, since my car came out looking brand new. I am also glad that they didn't turn me away because of my rims since the vehicle goes through the automated system. The last place I tried to go to back in San Diego turned me away because of my rims. But anyways, for the price, car wash time, not turning me away because of my rims and how my car turned out in the end, I will make EcoWash my go to place!
1	Always busy and rude staff. This was my first time and I was sitting in my car on Monday night when I over heard one staff member tell the cashier to let the customers know it would be a 20-25 minute wait. When I asked for a "basic" package he tried to convince me that their basic is their gold package when in fact it is the silver package. He also told me it would be a 45 minute wait and tried to convince me not to get my car washed. I have no idea why he would do that because they didn't close for 3 more hours. Mostly likely will not recommend this place to my friends based on this experience.
5	This place is a hidden gem! The guys do an amazing job and truly take pride in their work. The value is also great. $20 and your car is basically detailed from bumper to bumper. Ask for Eric and Chris if you want the best.
4	Best car wash in town for its price. $40 plus tip gets you the cleanest car you will get without getting it waxed. Staff is friendly and quick for the amount of detail they put in. Budget at least 40 mins of time.
5	Always a good experience! Last time I went the man who brought me back to my car after it was finished (I think his name was...Keith? Kyle? I hate that I forgot he was really awesome) asked if I would like him to remove some scratches from the driver side door.  He managed to erase scrapes in a matter of minutes, and did it expecting no extra payment.  These dudes rock.
4	These guys really take care. We have washed all of our cars here to changing oil, smog check, window chip repair, and even did oxidation service on or second hand car we recently bought.You should always get a smog check here, they compliment it with a wash.  How many businesses offer that?When I changed my oil they had a rebate for me for my next oil change, along with a free car wash.  You can upgrade for a few dollars more if you wanted to for a better car wash.  They have a 48 hour rain policy.  Which means if rains within that time, you can bring your car back in.  I did get a wash here when it was close to dark, they took awhile because most of the workers went home, so when they were done, they apologized for the delay and said if it wasn't to my satisfaction in the light to bring it back the next day.  What was most impressive on our most recent visit was how they cleaned our second hand car, they were very detailed and seriously got in the itty bitty spots you wouldn't think to clean.  The service we purchased was oxidation to get rid of the foul smoker odor from the previous owner...worked awesome, plus they touched up the vehicles exterior.I could go on about all the great things here, but you should try it for yourself..
2	Review for Gold Package Car Wash on the day before Thanksgiving: Here is what happens when you get a car wash here: -You drive up and go to the line for car washes-The guy asks you what service you want-You drive through the car wash-Car is washed-You drive to the drying area where guys help dry off your car and clean as needed per the package you buy-You go to the lounge and wait-A guy calls your car when ready-You go get your carPayment is either when the guy asks you what kind of your service you want or when you head to the lounge to wait. Currently, there is a Yelp Deal $17 for $22 (saves you $5, which you can use for tip)So you wonder, the afternoon before Thanksgiving, how busy could it be? Well, the answer is busy.From the time I checked in to the time I picked up my car, it was over 1 hour. Apparently, there were 3-4 SUVs or Trucks in front of my car which made my service longer. Not only that, because the guys were spending so much time on these other vehicles in front of me, my car was not wiped down properly and spots dried all over the exterior of my car when they pulled it up for me. I had to ask the guy to wipe down the car, and at some point I asked for a towel and he said he couldn't give me a towel (I suppose it is against policy for a customer to wipe down their own car). I felt bad for this guy because I don't think he was the one who started on my car in the first place; he just drive it up and found himself cleaning up someone else's work. I also asked him if it usually took 1 hour and he said no, it usually is about 30 minutes but my car was behind the trucks. I appreciated his time and honesty, tipped him, and took off to run the rest of my errands for the day. I would try them again, just to give them a benefit of the doubt as I do believe it is normally faster than what I experienced. Until then, 2 stars it is.
1	Came here for a simple smog check. The gal behind the counter was just straight up rude and seemed like we were bothering her and keeping her from updating her Instagram selfies. As I started to give her information she said it would 15 mins before she could get to it. But there was not a customer in the place? With her bad attitude I took that as I'll get to it when I want to. Guess she had to get that last perfect selfie in. I didn't want to waste any time so I took my car down the street to Sinclair and was done in less than 10 mins. And it was $8 cheaper. My advice is to go there if you need a smog or car wash.
2	New to the area and have used the car wash 3 times. Unfortunately each experience has gotten progressively worse; wait times are quoted then doubled. The staff though friendly are generally nonattentive to detail and unwilling to correct problems. This is close to my home but I will be seeking another car wash for the future.
5	Came in for a car wash. My car is totally clean & spotless. Chris hand dried my car off & he was great. I highly recommend this spot. They also have really nice waiting area with plush leather chairs. They also have great deals on their car wash/detail packages, & offer additional services too. Very quick service too.
5	I love this place!! Every time I come here my car comes out looking amazing! Everyone is so nice and professional, and it's a plus that the waiting area is comfortable and clean! They have a great little shopping area with beautiful jewelry and home decorations. I highly recommend this car wash and mobile 1 express!
1	So I decided to stop by this car wash at around 1:30 on a Saturday and that was my first mistake. After waiting in a line the attendant told me if I wanted any part of my interior done it would be over an hour before they even touched my car. I shrugged it off, it's understandable it's the middle of a busy day. After deciding to just get the exterior done I went through their wash and parked so they could hand dry my car. Thankfully that only took around twenty minutes and I had nothing bad to say at that point, just a little frustrated by the wait. After leaving I stopped to get gas and inspected my car, there was still so much dirt. It was clear they skipped several spots and were just rushing to get me through. The gas station I stopped at was outside choice and as I saw a beautifully washed car drive out I knew I'd made the wrong choice for a car wash. Stay away from this place, they don't care about your business.
5	Amazing beyond exceptional customer service!!!! They opened and offered to put my air fresher in my car for me, the staff is beyond polite and they ran out of coffee so the kind lady working offered me tea out of her own private stash... If that was not mind blowing enough she have me one for the road because it was so good!!! I would drive across the city for this place any day
