4	The good is that they were able to do the job I needed done, right away. I took in my son's new scout shirts and needed about 12 little patches sewn on for that evening's meeting. They were able to do it, and I was glad to pay the $20 to get it done quickly which gave me a little bit more of my life back. The only bad was that a couple of the award patches were not put on exactly as I had showed the lady, but heck, I don't think she'd ever seen a cub scout shirt before and I didn't pin those last pieces where they were suppsoed to go so she had to go by her memory of where I showed her they went. I will use them again when I gather enough awards to be sewn on to the shirt again, and at that point, I'll just nicely ask her if she can move those couple items over where they belong. No big deal.
4	I was referred here when I was looking for a tailor that could alter my suit in less than a week. I dropped off my suit, which needed some basic alterations, on a Sunday afternoon. The employee who helped me was friendly and got my garment marked up quickly. I mentioned that I needed to pick my suit in a couple of days and they said that it would be a little extra, but that they could have it done in time.Since this place is in the mall, it has very flexible hours for people with 9 to 5 jobs like myself. I was able to pickup my suit on a Wednesday night at around 7:00PM.The alterations were great and the employee on staff, a different one this time, was also quite friendly. I tried everything on while there and paid a fair price for the alterations and the "rush" service.I would recommend Altered States to a friend and would go there again myself.
1	Rude, rude, rude. I will *never* go back to this place. I don't normally carry cash and when I went to pick up my son's pants for his recital that night, I was in a little bit of a jam (they only take cash or checks). When I suggested they might put this on the claim ticket, or at least mention it when people drop off their clothes, the owner pointed to an itty bitty sign and told me "we have signs everywhere." The owner was hostile and argumentative and just didn't care about what I had to say. Then he hovered over me while my son tried his pants on, like I was going to steal something (the place is TINY). I went to an ATM and pulled out cash, it wasn't that big of a deal, but this place has no customer service skills whatsoever. I won't ever go there again. Steer clear.
1	I have gone back to them over the years because they do a good job with hemming. However, they are so rude!!!! The entire family is rude there.They act like you are putting them out and they are doing you a favor. I am engaged and just brought in a party dress for them to hem recently. Floor length gown. The woman told me the dress was meant for a younger girl. I think this stems from the fact they are very conservative. I guess she didn't like the fact that it was a little revealing on the top, but still very appropriate. At any rate, I am not certain, but wow super rude!!!! You don't say that to your customers even if you think that way. I was shocked. My friend went in there to have her designer jeans hemmed and they were really rude to her too. They also do not take credit cards. I will not be back ever.....Rude! Rude! Rude!
