4	The Waterfront at Homestead is insane, and saves me the trip of driving all the way to Ross Park Mall. Anyway, the Giant Eagle here is enormous, as you'd imagine. It's still a standard Giant Eagle, aka the best grocery store ever.
5	This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here's why:1. They sell beer!2. Huuuuuge produce selection3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish5. Functioning bakery with fresh, appetizing breads and desserts (I am still loyal to Allegro Hearth though)The store is huge and I haven't been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flowers, balloons, home/seasonal section, DVD rentals and a photo center as well as a drive-through pharmacy. It seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.
5	Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
3	Nice Giant Eagle, not as nice as their new Market Districts, but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi, good cheese selection, awesome bakery.
3	Wahhhhh!!!! They're remodeling this one and it's frustrating! I swear I don't mind change. I really don't~  I should have seen this coming.  There were telltale signs of this happening. First, they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct Iggle video was. That's A-ok with me, I didn't use the pharmacy anyway. But THEN, THEN they moved the whole toiletries section over there. They put my spaghetti and "ethnic food" section (by the way, I love that ethnic food includes spaghetti) to where my Tylenol was. My kitty food is now where my spaghetti once was. Can you tell how exasperated I'm getting?? Did I mention I don't mind change? But here's the thing, I really hate grocery shopping. It's kinda sorta my own fault because I must read every label to make sure I'm not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 5000 calories (even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.) So going to this Giant Eagle frequently was nice because I KNEW WERE EVERYTHING WAS. Now I don't....wahhh! Ok, I'll stop crying. I know I'll eventually be back. I'm sure (??) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they're done. But I can't take it for right now. I'll be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former #1 store is all shiny and new again.
4	I like this Giant Eagle.They have the organic section and they're currently(Feb 2011) in the process of remodeling too, which is both annoying (now) and exciting (for the future).PROS:Always seems to be decent parking available;They have those cute little double-tier carts;Organics section;Wine Vending Machine (that's freaking awesome--Yay, Pennsylvania!);Lots of Self-Check-Out lanes;CONS:Sometimes the staff is a bit cranky (but that can occur anywhere, i guess);
4	As far as GE's go, this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is well organized. You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores. They also offer a wine kiosk, hot bar, salad bar, and bulk olives. I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
4	Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie! There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
4	You're getting an extra star for two solid reasons.  One is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again (and a bit fancier).  Two, and thee most important part, this iggle has the best quality and well made sushi out of any Iggle's out there!  Believe me, I've eaten many a rainbow roll from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared.  Dare I say, it's as close as you get to going to a good sushi restaurant.  Bold statement, right? I  just love me some sushi and want it often, quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  Need a quick sushi fix?  This place is it!
5	This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.
3	This place has amazing selection when it comes to some things and zero selection when it comes to others.  We popped in here a couple times over the weekend I spent in PIT and both times they didn't really have what we were looking for.  Visit #1: Liquid smoke.  Visit #2: Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not @G-Eagle.  They did however have crazy selection when it came to things like....corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it.  My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available.  Too bad that wasn't what I was there for.
4	oddly enough, of all the giant eagles i have visited in pittsburgh, this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment, as many of the items that i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time, i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here, although they may not carry all the groceries that i'd like.
4	This is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section, but I was rather impressed by how clean it was.  It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.  The Starbucks inside was closed, probably due to the fact it was a Sunday night, but that is another plus!
4	I'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you, Waterfront Giant Eagle, are not bad and pretty close to where I live.
3	I drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute, so I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty, and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic, so I really can't complain! They also have a very nice health and beauty section. Overall, they usually have the products that I need.My only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes, but generally only 5-8 open at a time. I always dread checking out, and whenever I see that checkout lines look relatively clear, I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that I plan to buy.
4	I found everything I needed and I liked the expansion, the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy. Great store.
1	This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
3	I've stopped by here a few times (most recently tonight) to pick up random groceries.  This store is located next to one of the bike trails that I frequent, hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.On the positive side, I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products.  In terms of size, it's larger than the Shadyside Market District (my normal grocery store, hence my standard of comparison), and I'd say the product selection is very similar.  Unlike the MD, when I've visited, the aisles have seemed fairly empty of customers, which may be due to the times of my visits (usually between 7-8pm), as well as the size of the store.  Because it's not a Market District, the prices are a bit less expensive, which is nice.On the negative side, the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees, despite that I've only purchased a couple of items at a time.  The "express" lanes move at the speed of molasses, and the self-checkouts are even worse.  Speaking of which, this store has *way* too many self-checkout lanes (about a third of the lanes), and the non-express ones with the belts are unintuitive.Prior to tonight, I would have awarded this store a rating of 4 or perhaps even 4.5.  However, checkout tonight was even more of a PITA than it usually is.  None of the normal express checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers, despite that I saw at least one employee loafing around talking to another.  So, I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes.  Normally, I don't mind this, esp. when I'm only purchasing a couple of items, but the empty self-checkout lane that I spotted was one with a conveyor belt, and I couldn't figure out how to use it (not that it mattered, since I had only one item, but the self-checkout lanes must be operated using a very specific procedure--see below).  So, I moved over to one of the express self checkout lanes (similar to those in the Shadyside MD), which I knew how to operate.  However, I still managed to bungle the process since I forgot to scan my one item *before* I put it on the scale that doubles as a bagging station, so I had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employees to come over and key in an authorization code so I could pay.I'm not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry, since I've never used them anywhere else, but I *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process.  In order to use the self-checkout stations, each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale, and if the weight isn't correct for any reason (including using your own bag), an employee is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting, but (1) it's a major PITA for both customers and employees; (2) most of the employees (including the one I dealt with tonight) don't care, and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned; and (3) I doubt most shoplifters pay for any of the items they're pilfering--they most likely just stuff them into their purse, clothes, etc. and walk out!  /rant3.5 stars.
4	Just about every you need.With great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that),  a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front. I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying. That said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
3	I don't know why, but I just can't like this location very much.  I lived in the area for a little over three years and would always go to another GE before this one.  Maybe it's the way it's set up or maybe it's the way that the lighting seems so very dim.The selection is typical for any GE, broad and expansive.  Some prices are a bit steep.  This location, like many others, has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.  Which is nice, it saves an extra trip to a drug store.
