2	Beautiful apartment homes. The worst management I've ever seen or experienced. Originally for sale, the apartment homes then began to be leased over 1 year ago. The apartments caters to the HOA and their unending rules. The elevators are constantly in service mode and out of use (we live on the 4th floor which makes a load of groceries unbearable) and when elevators are in use they are covered in ugly brown pads. We rented places for less money with 1. more community events (there has been 1 in over a year, when we moved in they promised a yoga class in the yoga room, none yet). 2. More organization- scheduling and rescheduling of maintenance requiring tenants to be at home, elevators out of use 3. Friendlier management and 4. safer places (even though it is guard gated in the front there are no cameras surrounding the premises where the 2nd car or guest parking is, resulting in several car thefts). The only reason this complex get 2 stars, instead of 1, is because the apartment home itself is very nice looking: bamboo floors, sandstone tile, modern layout. There are many defects in the building though (cracks in drywall, corners of stairs exposed instead of covered, unsealed grout resulting in stains).
3	Been living here now for about 7 months, I was going to review it sooner but I wanted to give it a fair review. I will start with my actual unit. I LOVE my loft. The Wolf appliances and design of the unit is great. We furnished our own washer and dryer as if you get the one management provides it's a cheap connected stackable that washes 2 pairs of jeans if your lucky - not too happy about that especially when paying $1350 a month for an apartment. When moving into the unit be prepared to clean your unit. Whoever they have preparing the units doesn't do the best job i.e. floors will need mopped possibly steamed cleaned, will need to wipe down doors and windows cabinets etc. I consider these little things but when commanding the rental rates they do you would think it would be done right. Maintenance here has been the biggest issue for us and seems to be the common problem when talking to my neighbors. We submitted a work order for our blinds and no one bothered to come even a week later. We eventually fixed it ourselves. The people working in the office are great and are available for questions. Overall it has been a great experience and we will be renewing our lease. Would have given a higher star rating but I think the maintenance issue needs to be addressed.
3	This place is all bout blessing and curses. I like lots of things about it...then again, the very same things I like are also the things I don't like. Does that make sense?!1. It's openness. LIKES - it has that open feeling which you can decorate clean and modern. Super minimalistic.DISLIKES - there are no doors! I get the whole loft thing but, I always tell my friend that "if someone breaks in, you'd be screwed...no where to hide!"2. Security.LIKES - the area in general is kinda shady so, security at the gate is always a plus!DISLIKES - uhmm... how do I say this? THE SECURITY IS WEIRD! Like normal/social ppl, I made small talk with the guard while he rang my friend; and I swear to you, the guard showed me pics on his phone, told me (almost) his whole life story, AND let 3 cars in ahead of me. I wanted to dieeee; how do you cut someone off in mid-(whole life)-conversation to tell them, "haaay, I don't know you nor do I care about your life; just-let-me-in!"3. GYM.LIKES - open 24/7 with weights, pool, jacuzzi, steam room, usual gym equipment.DISLIKES - lots of equipment but, small.
1	First off let me say that I should of TRUSTED past reviews.A few different negatives. Leasing agent was polite and not pushy but did not inform of many vital things that pertain to living at Loft 5 and the move in / approval process.HOA rules and regulations were not fully listed and detailed until after lease was signed. Move in due to these rules did not go smoothly at all resulting in 2 attempts at furniture delivery. Appliances are great when they work but they often do NOT! I have been greatly disappointed by the kitchen.  Total service calls in a month 1x for stove 1x microwave 1x washer / dryer 3x dishwasherThe cabinet trim is poorly constructed and often falls off!Elevators are slow and doors are outdated keyed design which makes entering building more tiring than need be.Garage floor is squeaky as cars drive over there is a harsh and loud screech which can be heard from my 5th floor unitPool is kept semi clean but is very shallow and is only good to splash around in when  in direct sun. BIGGEST COMPLAINT is that every rule is slighted to make the HOA money NOT actually correct an issue. Many people have dogs and there is often barking and noise disturbances. Take your money elsewhere and spend less!
2	The security at the front gate is a joke. Most of them will pretty much let anybody in and rarely do I get a phone call about a guest at the front gate. Then at night they only have one security guard so a lot of times my friends will have to wait at the gate for a while before they come back from their rounds. Recently they also decided to pulled out all the real grass and put in AstroTurf. It has made the complex look even cheaper. The gym and pool is open 24/7 so that is really nice but besides that I can't think of anything else that is nice.
1	BEWARE.....  Over the 12 months that I lived there I witnessed two different occasions when the SWAT team came and busted down the doors of two different apartments.  The place is loaded with drug dealers and pimps, and management will lease these to anyone, and I mean anyone.  They don't enforce any of the HOA rules, people pretty much do what they want.  Pets pee on the carpeting throughout the buildings and people pile their trash near the trash chutes but are too lazy to put it in the trash. Constant hassles over parking, people just park where ever they want even though residents have designated spaces, and there's hardly any guest parking.  The worst was, two nights before I moved out a guy threw his girlfriend off the 5th floor balcony and she landed near the guard gate instantly killing her.  Interesting that none of these stories seem to be reported on the local news, but all of us residents know exactly what happens.  Such a shame because the units are absolutely awesome!  But just because there's security cameras doesn't mean you're safe.
5	Just moved out of loft 5 due to relocation and I have no complaints! All the staff we're always very friendly and extremely helpful. If I needed something fixed in my place they always fixed it in a timely manner. I never had problems hearing any of the neighbors and the place is well insulated so electricity bill was never to high. Also it only took a week and a half for them to refund me my deposit. No hassles trying to get my deposit money :)
5	I have a friend who lives in a top floor loft here and they are amazing! Absolutely beautiful apartments- sound systems, courtyards, and WOLF Professional Appliances.
5	Karen and the entire Loft 5 staff are amazing and very hospitable.  They are always checking to see if wee are doing ok and extending a helping hand.  The crew here is always here for our needs!
5	What a great experience living in law five apartments. You can't get a better apartment in town for the price. With gorgeous high ceilings and amazing kitchen and seconds away to the freeway I would recommend to anyone looking for in a luxury apartment. I also have to mention the amazing staff and the people to keep it really clean and maintenance.
3	Can anyone tell me how much it is a month for the 3 bedroom 3.5 bathroom penthouse here???
4	Love where I live and the management team does a great job to ensure your satisfied with your place. very convenient area located on South Las Vegas blvd. I moved in over a year ago and I plan on staying for a long time!
4	Loved here for over a year and I enjoy it. I absolutely despise apartments and prefer to live in a house until I checked this place out. The rent about as high as a house but you gain a lot. 1) open space! Plenty of room to hang my huge art collection. I love the wooden floors and the modern feel of the loft. It's great to host dinners with friends and family. I will say I've had a few issues with my modern appliances but they office repairs them immediately which is great. 2) I hardly see my neighbors. One of the things I hated about apartments is being bunched in with other people in buildings. Here I hardly run into people and when I do everyone is very polite. 3) I love the pool, BBQ, and fire pit area it's awesome to walk the dog light the fire and have a glass of wine. The bad thing is sometimes people don't pick up after their pets and there's poop laying around. Which that's annoying and rude. Plus sometimes you can smell the urine from the dogs in the grass area as well and the building. The office does clean it but sometimes it stinks. 4) Security is nice to have but I feel like these guys let who ever in without any real monitoring. I think they are there just to have. Overall I enjoy it here and don't have any complaints. I signed another lease and couldn't be happier about it. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a luxury apartment/loft.
5	I loved living at Loft 5! I was there 3 1/2 years and don't have any complaints.  The outside property and inside is constantly maintained. Maintenance was wonderful, if I ever needed help with anything they were always there the same day.   I LOVED the staff, the women in the office are so sweet and helpful.  Having a great staff like they do makes all the difference when living in an apartment.   I've always lived in large homes and my apartment was designed so well it didn't feel like living in an apartment. I loved the open feeling of the place and the quality of the appliances, marble countertops ect.  Once I saw the size of the bathroom and bathtub and that it had two balconies I was sold.   I really liked how sound proof the walls are. A neighbor knocked on my door to apologize, her baby had been crying a lot and she thought I could hear it, But I never heard a sound from their apartment. I didn't see tenants too often but the few I did see were always very nice.   The place being pet friendly was my main reason for moving there.  They have multiple waste stations with doggy bags. I never heard dogs barking and the hallways are regularly steam cleaned, it never had the smell of a pet friendly building.   It's a quick drive to the outdoor mall and the strip and all the grocery stores and shopping.  I highly recommend Loft 5!
