4	Ah, happy hour with the same people I spend more time with than my own family. What a treat! We're always on the lookout for a centrally located bar/restaurant to meeting with our various coworkers, who are spread out from the Biltmore, Midtown, Downtown and Gateway (and some times Mesa). Zipp's Indian School fit into our rotation this month. This location has been open only a couple of weeks, from what I heard, and they seemed to have pretty much everything down. The service was good, the beers were awesome (the tap beers didn't have their own menu, which I'd prefer. But I had a dark ale and for the life of me cannot remember what it was because two large beers later and I was toast...1557 or something like that). It's loud inside, so this wouldn't be a location to consider if you're planning an important business transaction...unless, of course, that business transaction had something to do with cement boots and Tempe Town Lake. Since I had a late lunch, I wasn't hungry but my fellow coworkers enjoyed their onion rings and chicken strips. Nothing too impressive about the bathrooms. The stalls have very low doors so you can't see if anyone's in there, and if you happen to be like me and try a door that isn't locked you'll walk in on a lightweight hurling. Blech! And the single urinal seems like a lack of consideration, considering this place is a sports bar and beer flows freely. But, I guess that's what male bonding is all about. Right? IDK. Parking is at a premium during happy hour, so plan accordingly. I lucked out and landed rock star parking because I made a few laps around the lot. We'll likely return here for a future happy hour. Until then, good luck in the parking lot, drink well, and don't tap the keg until you're good and ready.
4	I am so happy this place just opened! Chances are if you're a fan of great sports bars you've been to one of their other locations, but this new location on Indian School is one to go out of the way for.After entering, I first noticed that they did some great remodeling, knocking down all the walls and really opening the place up to show off the almost infinite amount of flat panel hi-def tv's. The hosts were comically over-inviting, and I'm pretty sure I heard 5 or 6 enthusiastic "HELLO!"'s, but that's the least of my worries when I enter an establishment. After being led to the booth (yes they were PACKED, but there's booths lining every wall) It must've taken 30 minutes to read through all the specials, and I believe there's only ONE HOUR THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE DAY WHEN THERE ARE NO SPECIALS! We ended up ordering better than average chips and fresh guac and the best wings (golden) I'd had in a while, and that's when I saw it... Four massive flat panel hi-def tv's set on TRANSFORMING ROBOTIC ARMS THAT PERIODICALLY SHIFT THEM FROM ONE MASSIVE TV STRUCTURE (showing one channel) TO FOUR SEPARATE TV's (with four different channels)!! I don't know who thought of that, or if it was an original idea, but it was a really cool touch. Our servers were so nice and attentive, the food was fresh and generously portioned, and the overall experience was perfect. It was great to get the same great things I had expected from Zipps...
4	This place has only been open for about 3 weeks and I've already been here 4 times.  I've lived down the street from Hazelwoods for over a year and have also been there about 4 times. As you can see, I've decided on my walking-distance sports bar of choice.They have a great, cheap happy hour that lasts until SEVEN. Which means I will never again risk death on the I-17 as I race home from work praying that I get to the Vig before 5:55 so I have enough time to order a drink and some hummus before prices go back up at 6:00. Instead, I will leisurely cruise on down to Zipps. Maybe I'll even stop at home first to change, something I would never even DREAM of when Vig was involved.  Zipp's freed me from the hell that is 4-6 Mon-Fri happy hour.The $3 margaritas taste very much like the $6 Z Tejas 6th Street Margaritas. There's a limit of 3. I'm not sure if that's for cost control or safety liability, but 3 is enough to knock me on my ass, so I won't complain. The Golden Hot wings are amazing, and surprisingly hot. I would start with Golden Medium and then get a side of Hot if you think you can handle at. FYI: It makes people perspire.I've yet to have an actual meal here, just apps and drinks, but the menu items look tasty (I'm especially looking forward to trying the Sweet Jalapeno Burger) and if the execution is on par with the mouthgasm that is the wings, I'm sure I'll be satisfied.
5	Pierre, perhaps you should find a bar more...ahem...suitable to your taste.  Sometimes when you open a new bar, you're going to have glitches.  And being rude to the server will not earn you any respect in the service industry...my guess is that you have never been there.This Zipps is fluid, well run, inviting, and the servers were ALL friendly to my friends and I during happy hour.  The drinks are delicious and the food is well prepared.  For a sports bar...fantastic.  For dinner, fantastic.  For lunch when I only have 30 minutes and I ask the bartender if she wouldn't mind asking for a rush....amazing.Thanks, Zipps...for continuing the tradition.  Let's leave the annoying ones at home, where they can properly shower without company in whatever temperature they choose.
4	Liked the place, nice cozy little sports bar.  Food was great and overwhelming.  Barmaid was nice to chat with.  Place is well run.  Prices were cheap and reasonable.  May be good place for dinner too (went during lunch time.)  Easy to find, was in a shopping center.
3	Oh how excited I was to have a Zipps in the neighborhood! However, it wasn't exactly as wonderful as I thought it would be, just 3 starts and just a-ok. Nothing really bad, just didn't wow me, not enough to entirely pull me away from Hazelwood's or the Vig or Shadys. The food is average, the wings aren't as good as the Vig, drink prices are decent. They have very specific nights with some good specials, but if you aren't there during HH or special time, it falls a bit short. They do have good margaritas though, I am not much of a tequila girl, so I do not partake, but I have heard good things, so I will pass that on. They do have some great televisions, some of them even move I hear. I haven't witnessed the movement myself, but heard about it. Pretty cool. Over all Zipps is the same ol' Zipps, I will be back, not sure when, but I'm sure I will be.
2	Friends, Coworkers, and acquaintances have been hyping up Zipps to me for years. The wings, the burgers, the shuffleboard, the tv's, and well just about everything about the place has been hyped to the point that I was dying to go there when I found out they opened one across the street from my favorite sports bar, Hazelwoods. The beginning of our visit didn't start out so well, when we asked for sound on the Suns game and heard the response "we only do sound for big games or if people request it." Firstly, it's a big game anytime the home team is playing. Maybe you're new to Phoenix, Mr. Manager of a Sports Bar, but you need to figure out that Phoenix has always been a basketball city. Also, the sound has been requested, we are requesting it, and I was told when I called at 4:30 PM  that sound on the game would be no problem. I told the manager about my previous phone call and he didn't seem to care. 15 minutes later he came by and said "ok, some people requested sound so we are going to turn it on." damn, was it that hard?Food came, and I ordered the golden medium wings I'd heard so much about. Hmm, these wings were neither meaty, crispy, or quality. They sure were tasty, but the quality was not there. I had the Wednesday special of four chicken tacos, and they were also of low quality. I know this is a sports bar and I don't expect tremendous cuisine, but c'mon, don't insult me with this garbage. I'd have been better suited eating chicken mcnuggets from McDonald's. I was in for $40 having three beers, tacos, and wings. I couldn't have been more unimpressed. I've spent half the money at Hazelwoods and Native New Yorker and been twice as happy.Now this was a kicker that may not be big to anyone but I thought it was pathetic. Their shuffleboard table has bars on it that prohibit anyone from playing unless you put money in it. I've NEVER seen a bar which doesn't allow you to play complimentary or even just hold your keys like Pomeroy's or 16th Street Sports Bar. Ridiculous. Lame. Awful. Also, their TV setup was not what I expected. I don't think there was anything bigger than about 50" and with how high on the walls they were, they were kind of difficult to see from certain places.No sir, I don't like it.
1	I ordered a Chicken Focaccia and got a Chicken Wrap with a side of attitude.Glad to see another sports bar by work so my coworkers and I headed there for lunch. The place was busy, as it was the lunch hour and it looked like the TV section at Best Buy. I asked our server if she wouldn't mind having our orders on separate checks. Her response:"I'm not obligated to do it so if I have time, I'll do it."What I wanted to say to her:"Bitch, please!"I ordered a Chicken Focaccia and when I got my order, it was a wrap. Since all my coworkers started eating and she was no where in sight, I just ate it. When she came around, I asked her if this was supposed to be a sandwich:Her response:Well, this is our version of focaccia. The wrap is like a thin pita bread quesadilla thing. Its not focaccia. Its our version. I thought you knew because you come here all the time. Well... do you like it?Firstly, this was my first time but I must look like I eat here all the time.What I wanted to say to her:"Bitch, please!"The wrap was basically chicken chunks, mayonnaise and a pita bread quesadilla thing. Whatever that means. It was gross. If I wasn't there with a bunch of other people, I probably would have sent it back but we were all on our lunch break together. For my first visit, you get one star for poor service and not knowing what focaccia is.
5	Great spot.  Zipps is pretty good all over.  I'm glad they came to the neighborhood.  Hazelwood's has probably the worst service I've encountered in a sports bar.  Zipps always has great service and good drink specials.  Good place to be even when it was 110 degrees in there for the ASU-Georgia game earlier this year.  Food is always good with a great selection.  Go here, try to avoid the place across the street.Addendum for Fred M:Phoenix is not a basketball city.  Phoenix has never been a basketball city.  Phoenix is not a sports city.  Phoenix sports fans have never been fans of anything.  Finally, paid shuffleboard is an ugly reality now.  It is more and more difficult to find bars without the paid shuffleboard.  Unfortunately, it seems that many places want to fleece us for some more money on top of the cold ones we paid for during play.  I love shuffleboard and I think that everyone should have a table in their home.
3	So busy tonight there was standing room only! And the NFL game wasn't even AZ .  Place seemed fun. Staff looked busy but calm.I'll try ya again but arrive earlier, i don't care to stand.
4	excellent, fast service even when its totally packed!we always know we will be treated right here.addendum: love the onion rings and food in general -- but vegetable pizza toppings (like onions and green peppers) are typically not fresh and are sprinkled over reheated cheese pizza slices. dont order that unless u were aiming for frozen pizza taste.
4	I eat at Zipps on a regular basis and it's a good place to take kids because it's loud and no one can hear the kids if they get loud or out of control. The wings at Zipps in my opinion are the best in town. If anyone thinks different send me a message and let me know because i am always looking for great chicken wings.Overall the food is good, great kids menu, and great happy hour. Service is what you would expect at a sports bar, not bad but not great. A definite must try.
4	I recently discovered Zipp's and it's now my favorite place to watch a game while lesson planning. The burgers are pretty good, but the wings are outstanding. Great specials most of the evening.
4	Zipps is basically my home away from home and I wouldn't have it any other way. I've only been to the locations in Scottsdale but decided to try the new one on Indian School after work for the Suns game. It was packed for the game and luckily we got a table on the patio. We had decent service probably would have been better if the Suns weren't in the playoffs. They had a good happy hour with cheap beer and apps. I had the chicken quisadillas they were spicy and delicious. The only thing that would have made it better was if the suns had won.
2	I was there with a group of 20 people for hour happy, it was packed at 5pm when I arrived. I sat with my group. It took over 10 mins before I could get our server's attention. After that, every time I needed a refill or anything I need to wait to get her attention. It was a great place to hang out with friends, but not impressed by the service.
4	After all of Condor's world travel, you would know that I have a working knowledge of the World Cup. So while looking for the perfect spot to watch Brazil v. Ivory Coast, I stumbled into Zipps on Indian School. First, a little disclosure. I own 3 gold mines in Ivory Coast, so I am biased. Second, I am glad I am not at the game, because from the consistent buzzing noise, there must be a swarm of locust hovering around the stadium. Bottom Line: Best Burgers in town, hottest athletic looking waitresses, cold beer and knowledgeable sports fans watching dozens of High Def TVs. Only drawback, not a lot of sympathetic Ivory Coast Fans.
3	I came in with two friends to watch the Brazil and Ivory Coast game and was happy that they had the audio on for that match as well.  I got my usual hot wings which are really hot but very flavorful.  The match was good there were fans for both nations there which was nice it would've been a bit better if Ivory would've made it more competitive but whatever that's why it's a game.
4	So.... I have to update, as I have been back to Zipps countless times and love it. Either I or the bar were having a bad day the first time I was in, cuz I am sure a fan now. It might also have to do with the fact Hazelwood's sucks to me now... lolTheir wings are great! And $3 for a 32 oz. mug of beer on certain nights, psh! How can that be wrong? They have tons of TV, and their patio is great. The staff is really cool too. Even tho it is a corporate chain.... it feels like your neighborhood bar, awesome!
4	I have to say I think Zipp's has got it dialed in.  I have never made Zipp's a destination place but now with more of them through out the Valley I find that there is one in my daily path more often than ever.  I usually find myself at the Indian School one where the bartenders are always fantastic and they know what type of experience I need at the time.  I have never had a bad meal, with my favorite being the addictive Manaco Foccacia Sandwich.  Zipp's is emerging or has emerged as the most solid and consistent sports bar and grill in town.
2	I've been a fan of Zipp's for years. I appreciate it for what it is. Good pub food, cold beer and games on the tube. Not bad.I've enjoyed most of the focaccias I've tried but typically get the chicken with an extra side of the garlic mayo. Burgers are good. Wings are good. Fries and onion rings are great. And love the cookie skillet.So I was quite surprised yesterday when we found ourselves with some time to kill nearby and our Zipp's Arcadia experience was completely underwhelming.Beer was still cold but the chicken focaccia was flavorless, as seemed even the garlic mayo??? And the fries and onion rings were limp lukewarm. It even seemed that the beer batter was way off with a chalky touch. While I don't have high expectations for Zipp's, nothing crazy, I was still completely let down. Though I expect to spend a great deal of time this coming year right next door, I will take the extra time to choose and travel to a better nearby spot. I'm sure I'll give this location another chance in the future but not for a good while. Disappointed.
3	Wings, Beers, Burgers, Football - Sunday Funday never tasted or sounded so good!  Zipps knows it - Zipps as a restaurant/bar knows how to appeal to its customers.Unfortunately I was unimpressed by this particular location.  Nestled in a strip mall across from another sports bar, Hazelwoods, I just didn't get a good vibe from this place.  Although relatively new, everything seemed old.  The lighting was dim, and the atmosphere was dark.  It felt like it needed a remodel. I am a big fan of both North Scottsdale Zipps locations so maybe I'm just spoiled, but I don't think I will be returning to Arcadia.  It does keep to the standard Zipps format - Flat screen TV's all around, drink and food specials throughout the day.  But like all of the locations - it gets crowded and sometimes the layout isn't the best - especially when you're trying to watch a particular team.  The food here was good - but it's always good.  Standard sports bar food - wings, burgers, fries, with hearty portions.  Beer selection is nothing special - mainly domestics and no IPA's (which in actuality is probably better on Sunday football days so you last through all of the games!)  I do enjoy their bloody mary's.  Service is as prompt as it can be with as crowded as it gets.All in all, everything you want and expect a Zipps to be - just in a subpar location.
3	Nice place but it's just typical bar food...nothing to write home about.   They have a ton of TVs and the place looks good inside
4	Plenty of TVs and a great burger deal on the weekends, which, coincidentally works REALLY well when you're looking for cheap eats while game watching! Know that you'll be getting 2 patties on the specialty burgers which are the ones on sale.
5	Zipp's is my spot! I love their happy hour, it's till 7:00 PM! I have not tried much of their food, because I always go because I am craving the wings! Even better, while you are eating and or drinking there are plenty of TV's so you can watch your favorite team! So if you want a reasonable priced meal, and some entertainment, head on over to Zipp's!  I recently sat outside on the patio in the evening with the fare pit going...it was great! So head on out tonight to Zipp's tonight, I might be there!!
5	I cannot speak to the food at Zipp's as I have never been there, but I can tell you that they went out of their way to help me do something special for my Bestie on his birthday.  I live out of town and was not able to be there for his party, so I thought perhaps I'd have cupcakes sent.  They let me know that they don't usually let in outside food and drink, but that they were happy to make an exception.  In fact, they called me several times to follow up and make sure that they had all of the details down so that the treats got to the right birthday boy.  Mark and Chris were awesome and totally went above and beyond.  From what I hear the food is pretty fabulous there, too.  And I can assure you you'll get awesome service from their wonderful staff.
5	When you get the right server, this place is the perfect trifecta...  Service, food, and atmosphere.  Food is better than typical bar food, but not fancy.  They have enough tv's in the place that you can watch every game without being taken over by them.  Golden wings are great.  Monaco Foccacia is my personal favorite. Kids always enjoy their dinner with mom and dad, maybe because of the chocolate chip cookie skillet with ice cream.  Good food, great service, perfect prices.
5	Zipps is my favorite sports bar and grill in town.  Food, drinks and service are great!  Happy hour specials offer reduced prices on some menu items.  Ambience of this location is warm and inviting.  I especially love their medium golden wings and cookie skillets.  It is a great place to meet friends and watch games on many large TV monitors.
3	I headed over to Zipps yesterday to watch the Heritage Classic with some fellow hockey loving Canucks. The bar was extremely accommodating and put the game on the large central tvs with the sound on. Considering that there were only six of us, this was extremely generous. I suppose that it helped that the manager was an ex-hockey player from Boston.The happy hour specials were great and their wings are indeed tasty.  Don't believe the hype though, they're not "way hotter than anyone else's, honey".
5	Excellent bar food.  The burgers are so totally greasy and flavorful!  The beer battered onion rings are worth waiting for.  The service rocks at this location and we are happy with both food and service every single time we go.  Can get very loud on the weekends, but HEY, it's a sports bar!Nice flatscreen televisions located throughout.  Bathroom is always clean.  Yup, I'll be back!
4	I love Zipps! It is my favorite neighborhood bar/hang out. Zipparitas are amazing, and dangerous! You are only allowed 3, and 3 is all you will need. They have a great happy hour. In fact, there is only 1 hour per night they do NOT have happy hour (7 -8 pm). The specials change every day, but they often have $5 wings (Golden Medium are the best in town), $3 zipparitas, and $4 32oz beers. The service is always friendly and casual. Finally, it is a great place to watch sports, and everyone knows it. If you go on a Sunday or during a big playoff game (college, NBA, MLB, etc) it will be packed! Get there early for a decent table.
3	Good place to watch sports and have a beer and a burger.  Nothing extremely special about this place, but good nonetheless.
4	What can I say? I love Zipp's! Stumbled upon this place one night, and right when we walked in it just had a nice comfortable feel to it. It was a monday night, so the wings were on special as well as 32oz domestic drafts, which was music to my ears bc i'm a huge fan of wings! Not domestics though... My fiance ordered a burger which looked really good... but I'm here to talk about the wings! I ordered the Extra Hot because I think I'm a badass with an iron stomach. The waitress warned me that they were stupid hot, so I opted with just Hot... they were also stupid hot... I can handle my hot sauce but this was straight habanero! Good flavor though! Now any time I go I just order the Medium with the hot sauce on the side for LIGHT dipping.Like I said before, this bar is just very cozy. The patio especially! The armchairs surrounding the fire pit are comfortable enough to fall asleep in. There are flatscreens everywhere (this is a sports bar after all)! The bartenders and servers are all SUPER friendly, and I'm pretty sure the one who warned me against the Extra Hot wings probably saved my life by changing my mind! Thanks Zipps!!
5	I recommend the golden medium wings, saucy, & extra crispy. They may take a hot minute to come out, but that's because they are made fresh and not pre cooked, they are definitely worth the wait! Cheers!
4	This a good solid bar...they have a wonderful priced happy hour and food!  The scene is fine...they have all major games and sporting events on the big screens...they have good bar food!  The patio is huge and its nice because you do not feel like you are on top of people...the bar gets a little crowded but I would not expect anything less of a sports bar...the staff is fine...I was not displeased but I wasnt overly impressed...they were solid...It is in a great location and have plenty of parking...I will be back!
4	This is still my favourite Zipps even though the new one on Bethany is closer. Walk into this Zipps any time and you instantly feel welcomed and comfortable, is it me or is the one on Bethany sort of douchebaggy? Anyway, they have awesome specials during their Happy Hour- especially love that the specials are different every night of the week. Must try the Zipparitas! I'm glad they only serve you 3, trust me, its plenty! Also can't go wrong with the buffalo wings or skewers, or the $1.50 slices of pizza. Oh, Zipps, you complete me! I choo-choo-choose you.
2	I hate to even write a bad review,  but in this case I feel I must.  The experience was bad.  My boyfriend and I met met some friends at Zipps for lunch, and some drinks on Sat.  The restuarant was not super busy.  Our server was not attentive at all. During our dining we had to continuously remove all of our own glassware, and dirty plates. Literally 6 empty glasses at a time.  Then she forgot our second drink order. When she finally got around to bringing it, I asked her for a pickle. She rudley smirked and said, "we do not have pickles."  I know this was not even true since probably 98% of all sportsbars in America have pickles. I was a little upset about the service.  I have worked in the hospitality industry for years, and the places I have worked have high standards. You learn to keep tables clear of all dirty items, and you try to accomodate your guests with the things they ask for.  When she brought the bill it was $70. We still left her a $10. tip. My boyfriend wrote her a little note just explaining why it was only $10.  We eat out all the time. We are usually very generous tippers. If the service was up to standard, and attentive as it should have been, her tip would have been double. I am sorry Zipps. Im not super eager to return.
2	Zipp's is a slightly more upscale version of another sports bar across the street, Hazelwood's.  Blah food, overpriced drinks, happy hour specials that aren't all that special and hit-or-miss service.  If you go, limit your expectations and you should be fine.
4	You know those douchebags that yell and scream at the television and chest bump after every play on Sundays? You can find them here. This is one of the reasons I like this place, because I can be one of those douchebags.On Sundays it gets PACKED here. My friends snagged a spot early today so I just pulled up a chair to their table. You can hardly walk around the place. Normally this would anger me, but if I can see my football team play I could care less.They have all the televisions labeled with the games of the day so you can make sure you have a good view of your team's game. From what I've been told, the owner seems to be a Patriots fan, because almost every Sunday that is the game that has the sound streaming. Totally fine by me.If you are going to watch the Cardinals game, GET THERE EARLY. Or else you will be standing at the entrance squinting at the televisions, waiting for your table to be ready.Food is typical bar food. They have specials on Sundays on drinks and food so you don't spend a lot of money getting trashed and trash talking the Dallas (or whatever team you despise) fan next to you.If you like to enjoy a football game without people looking at you like you are crazy, this is the place to go.
4	Zipps is my favorite sports bar because it has an upscale atmosphere and great food & drink specials. Happy hour  is from 4pm-7pm and reverse happy hour is 8pm-close. On Saturday and Sunday you can take advantage of their hangover specials from 11am-4pm. See why I love this bar?The food here is hit or miss. If you stick with the appetizers, wings, and burgers you'll be okay. I just tried the big zip burger with tartar sauce and it was amazing! I know tartar sauce on a burger sounds weird but it was really good and not as weird as it sounds. The bar serves beer, wine, liquor. I highly recommend trying a margarita. They taste just like Z TEJAS and they only let you have 3. Skip the bloody marys they smell like garbage.This is a good place to watch Sunday football. You can yell as loud as you want and people don't look at you like you're crazy. Sometimes I yell for the fun of it. Sunday's are busy make sure you get here early so you can get a good table.
4	Went here last night for some food after work with a work friend. We had a really good time! Lots of big, flat screen TV's with all the games on, great drink specials and good food so far! I had a grilled chicken sandwich with fresh cut fries and homemade ranch...YUM. Friend had fish tacos and she raved about them. Will definitely go back! Great find!
4	On vacation from Northern California, our San Jose Sharks happen to be in town to play the Phoenix Coyotes. Where better to get some dinner and watch the game but Zipps, One of the wait staff changed one of the big screen TV's for me to watch the game. Other screens were on for March Madness, pro basketball, and baseball. My wife and I ordered nacho appetizers - chips, salsa, guac, and sour cream (very good) and a Cobb salad to share. The waitress brought the salad divided into 2 bowls with our different dressings on the side. Our soft drinks were always kept full by the same attentive waitress. Good food, great service, Would definitely visit again when in town again.
2	UGH. That pretty much sums my latest zipps experience. Which stinks because we used to frequent the one in north scottsdale NIGHTLY years ago before the kiddos came :)We were looking for a quick bite to eat at the start of a date night, and my husband suggested zipps so he could watch a game. Hot wings? Don't have to ask me twice.It was rockin, but we got seated pretty quickly. Our server was nice, but horrible. I used to be a server, so I have much higher patience than my husband. (Who started to resemble Wolverine when the server didn't show up before happy hour ended so we could order more beers) Our food took forever to come out. Again, I'm not nitpicky.We ordered onion rings (they were actually cold, and tasted stale. How can something fried go so horribly wrong?) and wings ( THANKFULLY those were as awesome as i remember). I was still hungry, so I got a basic burger. EEW. It tasted like JackintheCrack. you know the spongy tasteless meat? that's what I got. and without the toppings I ordered it with. Nothing makes me more grumpy than bad food that doesn't even have the mustard/mayo you ordered on it!Only good thing here was the wings. Don't go here for food. Drinks/t.v.s ONLY
3	Not a bad for a bar in a strip mall. Tons of tvs and plenty of seating. Typical bar food. Service was attentive. Overall a good spot to kick back and have a cocktail and take in a game. Will be back for football!
4	How cool that it's 'no problem' to go off the menu!!  I ordered a quesadilla and asked if they could put steak tenderloin on there- yum!!
4	GOLDEN WINGS! That's all I have to say about that......ZIPPARITAS! That's all I have to say about that too....My only gripe is that from time to time you get an unattentive waitress who you will end up having to call back over. I mean, come on! Who's tippin' who here???Besides THAT, I loves ya Zipp's.The end.
4	Best wings in Phoenix. My fave are the golden wings, medium; prepared like hot wings but a bit sweeter. Order wings hot and the server will warn you and you can't send them back.
4	I love Zipps! I have been going to Zipps for years mainly to watch sports on one of the many televisions they have playing or for their amazing wings and Happy Hour. The wings are better grilled too so try them that way!
5	I'm a fan of the Zipps on Greenway so, naturally, I'm a fan of this location automatically. The golden wings are so bomb dot com that we visited Zipps 3 times in one weekend when our friends were in town. They loved them just as much as we do. Plus, it's a great place to hang out and grab some drinks. Throw some shuffleboard in there and you're good to go. The night we went to this particular location we had great service and she was pleasant throughout despite our table growing in size with each new friend that arrived. Sorry sweetie...but thanks for keeping up! Great place for a casual dinner and grabbing drinks. Don't forget their awesome late night happy hour!
4	We went to Zipps to watch college football. The Kansas State alumni club was taking up much of the restaurant with the KSU/OU game on the tv's. The service was very good as the waitresses kept up with everone. The food is conventional bar food with a limited beer selection. Prices weren't cheap but given than we camped at the table for three hours, it was fine. Probably a 3 star sports bar experience.So I rate my Zipps experience 4 stars because of the entertainment value provided by the table next to us. It had about six of the most annoying teenage boys I've seen since my daughter's 8th grade advancement ceremony. Now, granted, I came from a generation where you bent the bill of your baseball cap and hid your smile if you were 15 and rocking braces but I'm no square. I get that teenager boys are constantly trying to figure out the society around them so I cut them slack for dressing like retards, growing too slow, and being annoying - in fact, I even pump up my Zipps Yelp review because no one responded when, for example, the table of virgins cheered when OU scored in an attempt to rile up the KSU alums. And to watch them putting away ranch like it's nobody's business while commenting on who should ask out the waitress (she was probably too hot for me, but why wouldn't Angus have a shot at this 32 year old POA? What with his off-color Red Sox cap and sweatshirt from the Jesse Pinkman season one collection, who could say no?). From watching them systematically remove any traces of vegetables from their Cheapest-Thing-On-The-Menu-Burgers to discussing the merits and shortcomings of the domestic swills (Ham claimed a liking for dark microbrews -- but then failed to make a "just like I like my women" joke) to stumbling through dividing the check with proper tip, the fact that Zipps leaves these wieners alone and treats them like a regular group of awkward grown men will assure their (and my) repeat business as a new generation of ASU-educated 49ers fans are bred right before my eyes.
5	they get the wings right everytime and the food is always fresh!!!! def my favorite wing place
4	Entered this bar at about 7:40pm, which is the dead zone for specials. Happy Hours end at 7pm, but start back up at 8pm through midnight with different deals on different days. Clearly, Zipps is trying to save its customers money which is great. I had a $3 Blue Moon and date had $3 stoli choice. The only food specials at this time were wings and the $6 Focaccia (normally $8 or $9). The menu said, we do our focaccia's different and they were right because there was nothing about this sandwich that even included that form of bread. All it was in reality was a straight-up wrap, that's it. Not sure why they bother to call about 13 menu items a focaccia sandwich - somebody is clearly missing the boat here. That said, the wrap was very good with high quality steak and onions and sweet peppers. A good choice was to sub the garic honey mayo for the normal stuff. Finally, the sides were greasy, but tasty also. First time having sweet potato chips and also the onion rings had an unusual batter that was quite good. Good service also in the bar area.
4	I actually had no idea this place was here.We met a friend here to watch the Pats game last Sun. We were seated promptly, kinda surprised it wasnt busier.Our waitress was great, very attentive and nice.My husband and I both had burgers, which we enjoyed, though I wish I had opted for a single stack instead of the double that came w/ mine. He had fries, I had onion rings. I was unimpressed with those. Overall, a good place to watch a game. Decent food, and some great specials during the week.
3	I like to take ownership of the bar I go to. I like to feel as though when I walk in, I am at home with a bunch of friends. Rarely do I feel out of place after a couple visits somewhere.........I unfortunately feel that way at Zipps from time to time. I will cover that in a bit..~Fud/Drink~The food is OK. I expect a bar these days to have better food if you are paying the prices they put on the menu. As much as people knocked my old bar that closed, Antars, the food there was amazing, and there are many other spots with better food options than just burgers. Here, its generic bar food. The salads are all iceberg lettuce with some generic romaine thrown in. I can go to a bowling alley and eat the same quality of food. The sandwiches taste good but aren't made with quality add-ins. Prices are still high, and I have to be careful or I'll be spending too much. There aren't many high incentive deals for me on Sundays for specials, most of them are during the week. Oh well.  ~Atmosphere/Service~Jumping to the level of service, let me give you an example of what I recently ran into: I had to go outside during that recent cold spell we had in early January 2013.  It was close to 25 out, I had my Jersey on expecting to sit somewhere inside but, due to their expected large rush of customers and the bar being filled, they awkwardly advised me they couldn't let me sit at a table normally for two...Even after I insisted I could wait until a seat opens up at the bar. Instead they had to have me go outside. I didn't bring my coat in, because I was expecting to show off the jersey...that's why you bought it in the first place, lol... Now, given this scenario, I will point out the heaters were on, but its just too damn cold. Personally I think that's just poor service. I was still pretty cold, and the chairs outside are not as comfortable when its 25 out once again.~Extras/Rating~Everything said, this place is a popular spot and I had to see it for myself. It may be a good spot to hang out with the guys, given some beer specials for parties of two or more. I usually fly solo on football Sundays. Not many Ravens fans out in the valley ... that'll do it too. I do not knock this place, 3 stars for being a round-about average bar with average food and service. Its a bit generic, but will fill the need for a sports bar if you are in the general area. I would recommend it to others looking to go out for a generic bar atmosphere in the area. I have to mention that Arcadia Tavern, which is right down the street, is in my eyes a much bigger improvement over this Zipps.
3	We came here while visiting town for the Fiesta Bowl and heard it was the Kansas State alumni hangout. It was mostly empty when we came in, but I imagine it's a fairly lively place during sporting events. They have a decent selection of beer here, including some microbrews. The tables are mostly sort of temporary foldout tables and stuff, and the whole place feels sort of dank, which is okay for the type of place it is. The menu is nothing special; normal sports bar burgers and things. The loaded nachos were very good though, which I took as a good sign and bumped this place from 2 stars to 3.
2	So so, bar food.
3	There lack of consistency bothers me... when everything is done correctly I love it but over half the time my foccacia is different. Either no meat in the end pieces, chewy chicken (sometimes tastes microwaved) or bad service. The appetizer should be served before the entree! When they're on they are one of my favorite spots but I now second guess going more often than not because I never know which Zipps is gonna show up.
5	ASU basketball fans finally spotted at this sports grill. Extra bonus to this chain for carrying the Pac-12 network which is virtually impossible to find in most bars that only have Direct TV. Very few lunch specials (soup and 1/2 sandwich is it), but the prices are very low, so it's a push. Most salads and other stuff are below $8.00. I tried the Cobb salad with no ham and they do not use eggs in this version. They do use nice, crunchy bacon and crispy iceberg and the thing was loaded with fresh roasted turkey and shredded cheese on top. Dressing was put on the salad, but they didn't overdo it and i never needed more dressing. Bartender was very nice, but in the end ASU blew a huge lead and we all left kinda pissed off.
3	I don't know what it is, but I have NEVER been a huge fan of Zipps. Everyone chats up the food, but I feel it's very basic.  The only reason why I continue to go back is because the wait staff are typically really nice and wonderful, as well as attentive.  Customer service goes VERY far with me.  If their staff wasn't as good, they'd get a one and I'd never go back. I wish I understood why people loved the food (I've had burgers, wings, etc) but I will come back for the service alone.
4	Great food, TVs everywhere, service is alright. Overall a good place to watch a game and eat some bar grub.
5	EAT onion rings!!!!!OK there are other things that make this a great bar but they have all been said. Friendly staff great food and cold beer. But seriously ONION  RINGS!!
5	Great place for big beers and good times!
5	Zipps! One of the Valley's best happy hour if you're looking for a laid-back atmosphere, I really enjoy the layout of this location.A 32-ouncer and Golden Medium wings are a must! But don't underestimate the strong margaritas. Yummy Burgers, and AMAZING foccacias. A great sports bar to watch the bigger games. NFL, NBA, MLB, and college. Although, my boyfriend and I feel that there are too many U of A fans. (GO DEVILS!)
3	KInda petty, but so is Zipps in charging me 50 cents for an extra small cup of dressing. The salad is pretty big to begin with and you only get a small cup of dressing. I ran out halfway through and big dude with beard gives me the extra cup, but doesn't mention it will cost me extra. Yeah, I know it's 50 cents, but its salad dressing and it's principle. Stop the nickle and diming Zipps - don't worry your cost of the dressing got deducted from the tip. We always have a way to get revenge baby!
5	The wings were cooked perfectly! Very crispy skin but juicy and lots of meat on the inside. I had the Hot which were delicious. I honestly thought they were not hot enough but the flavor was probably the best Ive ever had and I eat hot wings every where I go. The atmosphere was great, lots of big TVs playing sports. Once all the live sports were over they had a very good choice of classic rock playing with espn, espn news etc on the TVs. I didnt have the pizza or burgers but those next to me did and it looked really good too! I would deffinately recommend this place for some great good, cold drinks, friendly service, and great atmosphere!
3	Lots a huge TVs are always welcomed.
1	Oh dear, how awful! 13 dollars for a wrap type of Pannini sandwich, cold fries and not very good Sweet potato chips that they swear are homemade. Hmmmmmm!  I came home to food poisoning and I have a flight to catch tomorrow. I did like the Jalapeno dipping sauce but what's the point if there is no good food to dip in it? The servers were very nice, and the televisions with sports were a plenty if that's your thing but the food was terrible.
2	It'd be nice if these cheap bastards would provide WiFi. Is it really that taxing upon you? How hard is it to set a guest network that doesn't kick you off after 2 hours while you spend $80-$100 with your girl here??? Add .05 to your beer price and make up for it if its hurting you that bad. Go to Hazelwoods across the street instead.
4	Lots of fellow ASU fans in the house and some delightful chicken wraps.. awesome place to meet up w/ friends..
5	My favorite sports bar in Phoenix. Nice outdoor seating, lots of indoor too. Big TVs everywhere. Nice servers.Now to the food.******Get the Medium Buffalo Wings.****** I am in sweet, sweet love with these wings. I never want to get wings anywhere else. They're just a bit spicy but don't burn your face off. I don't like to share with my husband... These wings might cause family strife. They're that good.
3	Great place to go watch a game. They have a huge fireplace on the patio surrounded by big comfy chairs. The food is pretty good. I wouldn't say great, but I've never left disappointed. Typical sports bar menu. Pizza, wings, sandwiches. Try a zipparita....not sure which flavor it is but it's the one that has the pink on top.
4	I am addicted to their golden wings. Nothing compares. I have finally found the one and am blissfully in love. Game over. P.S. Never leave me, I will find you.
1	Wow, I heard the food was great here. Don't bother. The fries were cold & soggy, the onion rings were greasy and burnt, the fish was soggy and the tartar sauce was gritty and warm. All that after 45 minutes waiting. I will never go back.
1	St. Patty's day and totally dead in here which is why we stopped by. Figured it would be easy to grab a quick bite and a green beer. We were so totally wrong! The waitress in the bar area looked at us at least three times and never came over, yet she had time to put on lip gloss and check herself out in the mirror. 10 min go by and I finally just walk up to the bar to order beers. Quick and easy to get from the bartender. We sit and sip our beers and another ten minutes later the waitress stops by to see if we want any food. We say yes we are ready to order and she goes to drop off some dishes and makes no rush to return. We finally order some simple chicken skewers and wait, and wait, and wait... 38 min exactly and after watching several other food orders come out and the cooks visibly not making anything in the kitchen, we finally walk out. Never coming here again. Service is appalling!!!
1	I used to love this Zipps and when it grand opened next to my house I was so excited to finally have a Zipps so close by me! I have gone there so many time over the past few year and other Zipps in the valley. The waitress know me by first name and they have always been great until recently. They have changed management and most recent manager doesn't know how to maintain cliental. This is the reason I rather drive and go to other Zipps where they appreciate a regular! I recommend going to angrier Zipps in the valley! I love Zipps and their food, but other Zippa treat you well and actually attend to your table!
3	Good place for lunch in AZ. We went on a Friday afternoon and our server was quick with the iced-tea refills and brought out our food right away. We shared  the nachos, a basket of fries and the chicken breast sandwich and they were all good. Sit out on the patio and enjoy a cold beer.
1	Came here to enjoy drinks and food... Nope ! Shit came out fucked up mayonnaise was so nasty it had to be at least 2 months expired!! So gross. Server was super nice and apologetic, manager had no nerve to talk w us.. Won't be back.
4	My boyfriend is a former NHL Hockey player from the late 70's, early 80's.  Needless to say, he 'needs' his hockey!  With pucks and sticks, he likes yummy wings, and the facaccia  ( yes, I know it is spelled wrong ) buffalo wrap with extra chicken for only $2 plus a side of wing sauce.  He loves the fries which always come HOT and OILY, and I love the salad with their yummy blue cheese dressing with extra chunks of cheese on top.The service is good and they remember us there.  We like the ZIPPS in Tempe outside seating for a change of pace.  ENJOY !
4	I was surprised how impressed I was with Zipps.  We came just as Happy Hour had finished (note: if you actually make it for Happy Hour, there are some AWESOME deals on food and drinks), and the place was packed out for the game.  Despite this, Zipps quickly cleared us a place at a booth and we were greeted promptly and with a smile.  Our waitress even made an attempt to continue the Happy Hour prices for us ("if Happy Hour is still going on, we actually have those drinks for $3") but I was an idiot and corrected her so we paid full price.  Dang honesty.Anyway, the menu is standard sports fare, but instead of marking up the price to make the place seem for fancy, Zipps has kept reasonable prices for what they're selling.  One of the menus stated that Zipps doesn't believe in $12 burgers.  I don't either, so we're totally on the same page there.I had an order of the medium wings, which were similar to those at Hooters in meat-to-sauce ratio and just as tasty.  I also tried a Zipparita, which is a delicious white frozen drink that is super cheap during Happy Hour and still surprisingly cheap during normal hours.Very pleased by the food and service at Zipps, especially for the cost.
3	i'm giving them the benefit of the doubt with 3 stars because our experience was really one 1 star worthy. but i will say the food itself was good and the waitress that ended up taking care of us later did all she could to make up for it. here's what happened...myself and a group of about 7 or 8 friends called ahead to see if we could save a table for the usa vs portugal soccer game. 4 of us arrived early to save two high-tops in the bar. they wouldn't let us pull them together until everyone had arrived, which i didn't really understand, considering it didn't take up any more room and we had to sit 2 and 2 to save them until everyone else joined us. the restaurant and bar was already filling up, but mind you, this is a sports bar, and not the first usa game, so one would imagine they would be fully staffed for an event like this.the four of us ordered food and a couple beer pitchers. the first pitcher came out quickly, but after that it all went downhill. 3 of us got our meals, the 4th never got hers the entire night, and it did end up on the bill. now, like i said, the food was good. we split nachos and i got a bbq chicken chopped salad. i feel like on a dead night, the food would be enough to make this a good review.as the rest of our group arrived, the bar continued to fall deeper into the weeds. there was only one bartender behind the bar, which of course made drink service even slower, causing the waitresses to fall behind. this, i don't blame our waitress for at all. but when something is causing your customers to be unhappy, it is your job as the waitress to make it right, even if it's not your fault. we saw our waitress a total of about 4 times all night. another waitress stepped up and ended up taking care of us pretty much the entire time. our drink orders continued to be messed up or missing throughout the night. several of us at the table were or had been servers, so i think we were probably even more understanding than most costumers. we still felt compelled to at least point out to them that at one point, we were only waiting for 2 pitchers of beer, and had been waiting, with all empty cups on the table, for 40 minutes.finally, we asked for the check. about 5 or 6 items showed up that we had either been cancelled because one of our friends had to leave early and never got her order, or we never got. again, like i said, the waitress that ended up taking care of us was super understanding, took everything we told her that we never got off of our bills, and did apologize.i would go back here if i knew it wasn't going to be busy, hoping not to get our original waitress. i would never go back during a big sporting event though, as i don't feel they prepared for it or did anything to try to make up for it (ie. manager coming to apologize, offering to comp something for us).
2	Great drink specials is the only reason I come here. The service isnt good at all. Server constantly forgot one of our friends drink, kept our IDs for more than 30 minutes, drinks didnt reach us within 15 min.. Had to remind her for water more than once. They close their kitchen early so say goodbye to bar food. Server also kept one of our credit cards because she thought we would leave early. Overall, zipps was a bad vibe and I wouldnt come here unless someone forced me to.
2	I have been to other  Zipps,  and even this one, before and the food and service have been great, which would be why we went there again today. BIG change!The restaurant might have had 8 tables busy at the lunch hour.  The waiters was very nice but service from the kitchen was really slow.We ordered the burger with a chili and pepper jack cheese, a basket of fries and sweet potato chips, and a BLT. We both ordered Ice tea.We sent the ice tea back because it tasted as it if it had been filtered through a mold screen. I commented that the ice tea  container might not have been cleaned recently. I got water and my friend ordered a Coke. I got my water but the Coke arrived as a sprite. That is a waitress issue.My burger tasted as it was not fully cooked but on checking it seemed to be properly cooked. I kept eating it but kept thinking this might be a bad idea. My friend sent the french fries back because they were just barely cooked. I tried one and sure enough, almost raw potato. The sweet potato chips on the other had were cooked to death.It is now 30 minutes late and I am pretty sure that burger is coming back up shortly. When I sensed that "just a little off" taste I  should have refused to eat it.The waiters took the fries basket and the tea off the bill so she was trying. Mixing  up Coke with Sprite and then ignoring us was a mistake that got noticed in the tip.
1	Today was the worst experience ive ever had at this zipps. The service is great during the night and absolutely horrid during the day. My dad and I sat down as usual. It took 10 minutes for the young blonde server to come over and ask for drinks. We did not get our coffee for another 10 minutes when the regular coffee was already made as she said. Then the creamer my server gave me was lumpy and had gone bad. I empties the creamer into my coffee only to see lumps and flakes of white float to the top of my coffee.As this happens, I look over and see the servers standing around at the kitchen Window laughing, my server included. The management was back laughing with the team members as well and you could mistake him for another server thats lazy on a slow day.Just because its slow does not mean the team can be slow. Im a regular customer and I will not come back during the day.
1	By far the worst place near me. Unless you enjoy eating carelessly prepared food, being lied to, being overcharged for things that are supposed to be on happy hour or have items added on your bill (in the hope you won't notice), don't go here. Since this place opened up,  I have been probably a dozen times.  Each time I have been it is one ridiculous thing after the other.  One time I ordered a buffalo focaccia and it came with no sauce! It was plain chicken wrapped in  damn bread...so of course the server told me they served the sauce on the side now...my husband ordered the same thing on the next visit and it came with the sauce in the wrap! And figuring out their happy hour makes you just want to grab a 6 pack and head home and even if you understand between what hours to order what you have to correct them because it is NEVER right. This weekend was the last time I will ever step foot in this piece of sh* place.  My husband asked the server if Alaskan Amber was on special,  she said yes and when the bill arrived SURPRISE! We were charged full price.  She then gave us some BS about it being super premium which wasn't on special.  The manager offered to buy him a beer NEXT time...no voucher to prove he offered it...because of course he can be trusted! So no, I do not recommend this place. Yelp should allow you to give negative stars...
3	Not my usual place but me and my college buddies went here last Sat. Place is nice and the food here is good. The atmosphere was nice too. We all enjoyed our time here. Though I'm not sure I would be back here again but if I do, I hope that its better one than before.
1	Whatever happened to customer service?! Hello Hi How are you doing? Allegedly Liz is unsure of those simple greetings. It took about 15 minutes to have our order even taken when it was empty to begin with. We ordered wings fries and side salads. Which by the way is DELISH and I could honestly take shots of wing sauce and ranch for funzies. I order the same thing every time! however when my order came no fries were delivered I told the person that brought it we ordered fries so she went and approached Liz -- right away Liz came over and told us we didn't order fries I said yes we did but don't worry about it and she walked away. I was telling my friend we did order fries and from across the room Liz yelled you did not order fries. I quickly ate a chicken wing so I didn't tell her how I really felt. To say the least who screams across the restaurant?! I know what I ordered! RUDE and never again will I be back to that location. Liz take some customer service courses you might get a few more 20%tips. PS because I don't want to focus on Liz I do want to mention that Ashley that brought us our bill was extremely friendly and wish I had gotten her from the jump. Another amazing food place.. bad customer service!
3	Ok so I loooovveee zipps wings and zipperitas oh and the burgers but the service ...two thumbs down.  I'm not sure how this happened but the past 3x we have gotten the same waiter and she's just not nice. My friend ordered something that she did not like and they made an issue about us returning the item.  The manager was even unfriendly when he came to check as to why we didn't like the food, he seemed annoyed and was unapologetic.  Going to try the Bethany locations of forward.  Good bye indian school.
2	TERRIBLE SERVICE. Every. Single. Time. I know that sounds like an exaggeration but it's totally true. Every time I'm here the service is painfully slow (and daft). Food is always cold as they let it sit in the window. They always put tabs together even when there are clearly 5 or 6 different parties. What?! Why would you do that?! Computers exist to make your lives easier - use them!
2	Staff is excellent but something happened to the wings.  I ordered my usual - hot and x-tra crispy and the wings were pretty nasty this time around.  They were the type of jumbo wings that I have never had before at zipps and they were anything but xtra crispy - skin was rubbery and well, blech.  I was totally disappointed and I don't know if I will be able to order them again.  I have had them numerous times before and they were really good, not today though.
2	I was there about a year ago watching football with my girlfriend. It was so loud in there we could not even hear our conversation. The place was short staffed and took a long time to get our order. When it came out it was cold so we had to send it back to be reheated. Our waitress did try her best but was overwhelmed. Its fine when it is not busy there but when it is crowded I do not recommend it.
2	Fish tacos wrapped in flour tortilla and sauce were terrible.   The volume on the TV was obnoxiously too loud.  There were 8 of us and you could only hear the person next to you.  Price for a pitcher of beer was reasonable.
1	After another attempt to enjoy warm beer mugs and gooey half cooked wings, I'm out...can't do it. Food is terrible, service is worse. It's funny, but you would think that with food that bad, they would at least be nice about it. Felt like I was at the DMV.
4	Staff was friendly and there were a few locals make room for me at the bar at an ASU game.
2	Let's cover what's good...Believe it or not, their food is very good for a sports bar. You wouldn't think it would be but it is. In addition, lots of TVs so every seat and table has a good view of several different games playing.But as everyone knows, it's how they run the restaurant that makes it or breaks it.  This is where they fall down. I came in for Monday Night Football and they ran the Suns game through the central speakers instead if the game.  Asked the manager how come... His answer, "because that was what was first requested".  So I asked, "whoever comes in first, sits down gets to decide what gets pumped through the speakers"? He said yes.Unbelievable! I sure hope nobody comes in early on Sunday and requests figure skating.90% of everyone at Zipps was there for Monday Night Football but, instead, we listened to the Suns game.  Management needs to be changed!I'm heading across the street to Hazzelwoods next week... I bet they'll know what to play on Monday Night!
5	I'd have to say that Zipps lived up to my expectations, as I was greeted promptly and was seated to a comfy booth. It seems that every seat in the place has a view of at least a dozen screens, and whoever has the biggest party gets the BIG screen and sound...but really now, are you there to listen?I ordered the Golden Wings, as they seemed to be one of the specialties, as are the burgers, but I was here for the wings! The lovely Miss Chelsea cautioned against going with the scorcher and suggested I get the mild sauce, but get the hot on the side. Nice move, but learned that for this gringo anyway, I survived. No problamo! Note: the side cost me $0.50.Are you kidding me?!I'll do it again tho, for the extra sauce was needed for these very meaty little wings that could pass for quail legs!! Got the cheese sticks for a cool down, which reminded me of eggrolls; nice change from the typical battered numbers. Wrapping up, the lovely Miss Chelsea asked if I wanted desert. WHAT?! I couldn't resist the Brownie, but also couldn't finish it...so good! I'll be back.
2	For the good: beer is cold, great TV's and the food is not bad BUT for the service OMG every single time it gets worse and worse. It is TERRIBLE and every time we go there are new servers. I have been told many times the turnover of employees is because the management is awful and they treat their employees BAD!!!!!  Time to STOP supporting This place especially because there are SO many great sports bars with great staff!!!!!
3	Sat at the bar service was prompt food was alright the fries are no good the chicken tenders have a lot of breading kinda weird but the chicken skewers Were tasty.
3	Why is every Zipps different in the way they make their food? I get it, you want to be unique but you're a chain! New fries. Please. Pretty please. And all locations need to carry the sourdough bread. Again please. The service is the only thing that excels across the board with all locations. Kudos to that.
1	everytime we have been there (4).. either the food was bad or the beer is flat!this last time (11/29/2014).. we ordered a pitcher of premium beer (dos seces) it was flat and tasted bad, our server outside said sorry and thats all?so much for customer service ..cya
4	I love the turkey chili that they have here! It is by far the most tasty, meaty and flavorful turkey chili i have ever had- hands down- AMAZING! Now, nothing else on their menue is good, from my expereince, but the chili is enough to keep me coming back for more!
4	I go to Zipps restaurants all over the valley. This Zipps is by far my favorite. The staff is great. The portions are large. The beer is cold. It's my go to spot.
1	Worst place ever to watch a game. Audio up audio down audio up audio down the entire game. Who ever complains the loudest gets their way with game sound. Until the next person complains. Food average.
