2	I'm very firm with my belief that food can only do so much for a restaurant. Shitty service means a shitty review, in my opinion. I agree with both reviews prior to mine, but they should have received way below 4 for it. There are plenty of wonderful French places (Coup des Tartes, Sophie's Bistro) and much better cheese and wine places (Cheuvront), so why waste your time dealing with these asses? Serious. The food is fine, but the service leaves an awful taste.
3	A weekend in PHX. I love to stay at the Biltmore, which is still full of really nice employees, despite reviews I've read on different boards.I went to the fashion park before Jack could join me the next day. I looked at the menus of Sam's, Christopher's, and Steamers, and decided on Steamers  for lunch. I was very happy but wanted some wine and cheese post lunch.So Christopher's was perfect. Now why only 3 stars? Well, maybe I should give 4. But: first, the ambiance/lighting was very off. It was an overcast day in PHX. But in Steamers it was still great. At Christopher's it was dingy with poor lighting. Secondly, whereas the bartender was very nice when present, she was seemingly too busy with other customers even at outside tables. And the place was NOT busy. The wine selection is excellent. The cheese selection is also excellent though I would have liked a little better recommendations.
3	There are certain things that I am particularly sensitive to and the first is lead by my nose. I have one hell of a sniffer and as I have admitted in prior discussions in this open forum, my nose can be a nuisance. Today as we were out celebrating the holiday at the Biltmore Fashion Park and looking for a light bite, maybe even a glass of wine or bubbles, we decided to stop upstairs to Christopher's. It has been several months since my last visit and recently - in one of last week's discussions - I strongly encouraged a fellow SF yelp-er to visit Christopher's. I thought it would be wise to revisit a place I have genuinely enjoyed. Now, before I continue, I agree, Christopher's can have, what I refer to as, disconnected service. And, when I am on the receiving end and being disconnected, I force a connection - especially if I want to engage conversation and have questions answered from the service team. That being said, we walked in, asked to sit at the bar and for menus and a wine list.They were going to disconnect us. Yeah, not going to happen. We were in a chatty mood and we wanted, very badly to have one glass of champagne and to be full of cheer. I ordered two glasses of Tattinger Rose Special Cuvee and as I sat for my friend to return from the restroom, I couldn't get past the smell. I know that smell. I used to work at an older Tempe bar and I know the smell of well - I know the smell. And, I also know the lovely perfume that should be enjoyed with this champagne, that wasn't happening either because I was distracted. As my friend returned and sat down, she said "Does it smell funky in here." Thank goodness, she smells it too. Its not just my obnoxious sniffer. I opted that we move outside.At this point, I let the bartender know why we were moving. I am of the thought that you should responsibly let the service team or management know when something really displeases you or distracts you from a moment. Restaurants, lounges and bars are in the business not of just food and wine, but of making memories. And a memory shouldn't stink.So, I casually said something to the bartender know and we moved outside. And, although we disconnect ourselves with the odor, our service stayed connected. We enjoyed our glass of champagne and moved on and through our shopping extravaganza. I hope that our fellow SF Yelper didn't receive any funky odor and that it was a stale rarity. And for now, I'll give Christopher three stars.
2	This is not a gourmet restaurant, but it has a gourmet menu.  The cuts were tough and just weren't prepared well.  The steak was very inconsistent, as if it were not tenderized properly.  The pasta's were just boring.  The more I think about the place, the more upset I get because it was such a let down.  I thought going in, this would be Phoenix's salvation.  It did not rise above the rest, but slipped into mediocrity along with the rest of the Valley's overpriced fare.
2	I have a long love-hate, divorced, remarried, divorced relationship with Christopher's. Perhaps it is my overall disgust with the French offerings of late and their seeming laziness of effort in technique, but Christopher's just doesn't cut it anymore.Paola was always too aggressive on her wine list. Impressive to look at, but a disappointment to order from... sorry, don't have that... sorry, don't have that either. It was always something you just had to get used to, mildly expressing your disappointment and frustration with your server; they'll never get it.Recently, they've been able to get a super discount on salt. They use it liberally on everything. My last two visits have been such. I have such respect for Christopher and his team, the first time I just grinned and bore it. But this last time, I did send my main course back. What happened to the godly veal reduction? It tastes manufactured... does Shamrock even do a veal stock? I shudder to think. (I flee any building with marks of Shamrock foods.)My favorites have been the pastry of snails (escargot), the filet of beef, the mushroom soup, the onion soup, the sautee d'fois gras, the pear salad, and of course the cheese plate. Oh, I almost forgot, the decadent osso bucco and accompanying pile of pasta.I miss the days when Christopher served a set of 10 tables on the other side of 24th street. Sure, the CD of Chopin Nocturnes played the same track over and over, but the fois gras was to die for and the Bordeaux I had my heart set on was immediately available.What is happening to fine dining in this town? Where else can I go? Please. PLEASE! Tell me.
3	Christopher's is one of those places that would get 4-5 stars outta me except for the spotty service! I typically order from the specials menu b/c for some reason it always seems more appealing and creative than the regular menu. Here's a funny...the bread they serve is prepped on a massive wood carving counter centered near dining tables. The last time i was there, my server takes our order, walks to to the counter to get our bread, then fusses with and smooths her ponytail at the carving table. She then starts cutting our bread!!! The only reason I noticed every move is b/c we were seated very near the bread table and I wondered if she was gonna wash her hands btwn her ponytail and the bread. Not! Even if this incident never occurred, I'd still say the service is spotty. Sad but true. Bon Appetite!
5	Thank God Christopher's has moved to a new location at The Biltmore shopping mall between Saks and Macy's. WOW, what a beautiful space! I felt like I was in New York City! There is an attached lounge called Crush that is relaxing but also a nice place for a pre/post dinner drink. I found the staff to be very attentive and the food to be fantastic. Try the roasted bell pepper soup and the hanger steak. The french fries are to die for! We were able to watch the kitchen staff working in the open kitchen which was also fun.
5	Christopher's Fermier Brasserie & Paola's Wine Bar are closed (early summer of '08). For Chris' new operation click: http://www.yelp.com/biz/christophers-restaurant-crush-lounge-phoenix#hrid:Ky2zEWU60r5NptvvY6GDWw
