4	So this store is mostly sunglasses, but there are a lot of other products here as well.  I really never knew that Oakley made boots, jackets, and button up shirts.  I liked the style too, and the prices were pretty close to wholesale.  They carry all of the new styles of sunglasses here, but they are still pretty expensive.  This is actually the one place in this mall where I was actually greeted by a storeclerk and she asked if I needed any help.  The store is a little small; I would prefer a little more walking space.  I want to grab some of the button up shirts they are pretty fly.
4	I had never stepped into the place at CM, but after a lot of researching... finally got to experience the Oakley Vault the other day.  Normally I am a $5 sunglasses-kinda-guy, but since I run and cycle now, I was looking for more performance gear to add to my growing gear addiction.  Eye wear was next on my list.  Armed with a 25% off friends and family coupon, I went in with the intention of getting some RadarLock eyewear...After about 30 minutes of the guy pulling out all the custom frame colors, lenses, and options I walked out with my official first pair of Oakleys.  Very impressed with Ted's knowledge of the product, the various specific use of the lenses (low-light, etc)... In the end, my head was swimming with choices, but I feel like I made the right one.I didn't really look at the other products in the store, but I will have to agree that most of the $$ in the store are on the high side.  I am hoping these will last me a long long time and I don't scratch them or get them stolen.  I pretty much came into the store with a purpose to buy these glasses that I had been ogling since the London Olympics, but the other staff members were super friendly and greeted me right when I walked in.  Ted was actually the guy that approached me and asked me if I needed help.Would I ever spend another $300 on a pair of sunglasses?  Probably not... I will be wearing these things at my funeral.
5	THIS STORE IS AWESOME! After walking around the mall and going in an out of a few stores with very little to zero customer service, it was very refreshing to walk into the Oakley Vault at Concord Mills. As soon as I walked in I was instantly greeted by just about everyone who works there. I came to the store to buy a pair of sunglasses for my husband for his birthday, the problem was I didn't really know which ones would be the perfect ones for him. Thankfully, one of the sales associates there was more than willing to help me out and walked me through about twenty different styles. She brought out just about every frame and lens color you could possibly imagine and knew the answer to every question I had about each one. She was so friendly and knowledgable about Oakley and all of their products. She even found a pair that was perfect for me (AND IT WAS ON SALE!) I eventually picked a pair for my husband and he absolutely loved them! My experience at that store has made me an Oakley customer for life. I will be going back to the Oakley Vault at Concord Mills anytime I need any eyewear. Everyone should really go check them out. I promise you won't be disappointed!
