3	This will probably be one of the only shops I could give 5 stars to-and they deserve it.I've been to countless tattoo shops, and Spike's is on a pedestal. The staff is easy going and professional, and above all, absolutely amazing and gifted artists. They truly work with you, put in the time and effort, and have a passion for their jobs.I've gotten most of my tattoos here, and even had them cover up past tattoos. (Not because they were necessarily bad, but because the guys at Spike's just do so much better.)My tattoo work has been displayed on several different websites and I'm constantly receiving compliments-I turn everyone over to Spikomatic.The shop is newer. Give it a few years and I have no doubts it will take over as Madison's prominent tattoo shop.UPDATE: I've been disappointed in my last few runs there. They're losing most of their artists, and the fun atmosphere has gone way down, as has the work.
5	I just got my first tattoo done yesterday by Travis. He was absolutely awesome, did a great job of making my first tattoo experience a good one. I got a small black tattoo on my hip, and it was $70, which I thought was a fair price, considering I also didn't have to deal with any creepiness with having my pants halfway down in order to do the tattoo. Travis was very professional and made me feel comfortable.I got there a bit early, and watched him clean everything very thoroughly which made me feel extra safe. I was amazed when he was done of how good the work was, because I definitely wriggled a bit in my state of "HOLY SHIT THAT HURTS," so kudos to you, Travis, for having a steady hand!I'd highly recommend going here!
4	Travis Browning is currently working on a half sleeve for me and Spike is doing a full sleeve for my husband. Both of them are great guys to work with and both of them are VERY talented artists! I love how friendly the shop staff are and I feel proud to have this beautiful creation on my body. Spike O Magic rules!
5	This place was great ! Clean facility , private rooms and my excellent artist ( billy!) even adjusted the temp for me as I was a little chilly . Billy drew up a lovely , custom tattoo for me with beautiful detail . He worked very quickly and efficiently and I experienced minimal pain for the entire 3 hour session . I spoke with him about future tattoos and will definitely be back to see him next time. Highly recommended !
5	This shop is great - bright and very clean, with private rooms.  All of the artists are incredibly professional and talented.  I have been working with Spike for 12 years on a fully body piece, and there are few other artists I would trust with my skin. Definitely my top choice for tattoo work.
