5	This organic feast is enough to tempt the senses.  Eugenia serves up some tasty treats good for the mind, body and soul.  The wonderful atmosphere along with the great location are a plus.  I would definitely recommend her homemade soups and the Greek platter.  Her spanakopita is some of the best I have ever had.  It is a not cheap, but very very worth it.  If you are looking for quality this is your place!  Also check out her freshly baked pastries and sweets.  They are out of this world.  Great place for a healthy business lunch or a first date!
5	WOW this place is good!  SO good!  And not just yummy good, but intrinsically good.  Check out their amazing list of environmentally responsible business practices - http://essencebakery.com/essence_bakery_environmentally_friendly.shtml !  That, and it's cute.  And it tastes Yummy!  And they are SO nice!  SOOO nice!  And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking good.  I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50.  Bite sized so not too bad, but if I bought them today they'd be gone before I got home. I got their grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, basil and tomato on grilled buttery brioche bread with a light and tasty green salad on the side.  It will be hard to not come here every week.  I love that all the drinks are refillable - and it's up to you to refill them.  Coffee, tea or soda, just walk on up and fill your glass.  And I love that it's all so fresh and local!  Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your food.  If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.  That threw me.  I'd been in the place less than 2 minutes - how do I know if it's worth the tip - or how much of a tip it's worth??  Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question accordingly.
5	It was thanks to the Yelp reviews here that I realized Essence was not just a coffeehouse and bakery, but an interesting restaurant. The decor is pretty non-existent, but the food was something else.I ordered the Greek platter, and instead of finding myself in front of a huge plate, Essence's version was slighter in size but more provocative in taste. The Spanakopita and grape leaves were excellent, the bread was that perfect mix between crunchy and soft, and I don't think I've ever had better humus. I mean, this humus had complex flavor notes! I ended my meal nicely full.I chatted with the server and the chef--who apparently studied cooking in France--for a bit; real nice people, and Essence deserves extra points for their philosophy of using environmentally-friendly and local ingredients down to their menus. I agree with Kristin that it's odd to not only tip up front, but be asked about it too. That aside, kudos all around. I was told they are having a bit of problem building a dinner crowd, so give 'em a try. It's not uber-cheap, but you're paying for quality, guys.
4	This place was pretty crowded on Saturday at breakfast.  I like that they had local foods, but thought that it fell short on the "bakery" component of the name.  I had the Croque Madame and it was FILLING and really good.  I finished mine at 10:30 and didn't eat again until 8pm.... and I'm a pretty hearty eater.Update:  So, after I saw their cookie on the cover of Phoenix Magazine, I had to try it.  I dragged my friend Ryan, who is taking 16 credit hours and working nights there for lunch.  Sadly, I did not think that the cookie lived up to the amazingness its magazine covered implied.  I'd rather have an ooey gooey cupcake any day of the week.  Or my friend Angela's ridiculous chocolate cake.
4	More cafe than bakery, the short and sweet lunch offerings at Essence is spot on.For the inner carnivore, there's a Warm Open Face Steak Sandwich made with grass fed beef...and a small side of organic greens, just enough to make you feel like you did your bit for a balanced diet.If you're dining with a vegetarian...there's the Organic Greens, Blue Cheese & Pears...a mini sandwich of Maytag blue on the sideGreat ingredients, tasty food, and easy on the wallet to boot.  I'd definitely be coming back for more.
5	"HOLY MOTHER OF GOD! That's the BEST cookie I've ever had in my entire life..."I'll bet they're used to hearing things like that at Essence, the macaroons are that good. Sinfully perfect really. A sugary crispness followed by delicious chewiness and the most amazingly light flavored cream fillings. Hands down one of the best bakery items I've had in The Valley. (Kudos to Phoenix Magazine for putting them on their September cover.)Their Croque Monsieur gets my vote as one of the best sandwiches in town, too. Exactly the way it should be done - light egg wash on top-side of the bread, just the right amount of thinly sliced ham, and ooey-gooey gruyere holding it all together. And then Essence "kicks it up a notch" by adding fresh slices of jalapeno - genius.Part of me wishes Essence was located in Central Phoenix, but my conscience knows better. The daring draw of those macaroons would turn me into Augustus Glump in no time. Sometimes a little distance is a good thing...
5	I awake, wild eyed in a cold sweat, visions of caramel creme macaroons soliciting me like high class tricks in a whorehouse, Croque Monsieurs their swanky pimps, demanding payment for service. Essence strikes again. The only way to vanquish these dreams is to lunch here on a regular basis. I've been here twice in the past week alone and I think I'm addicted. The atmosphere, product, service, and baked goods have seduced me with their simple elegance. The only gripe I possibly have about this place is the fact that the parking lot is the size of a matchbox, and with Sacks, Cafe Lalibella and Starbucks all occupying the same plaza, finding a place to park during the busy lunch rush is like simultaneously playing Tetris and Frogger.The atmosphere at Essence is understated in its sophistication. Windows line the majority of the dining room, creating an inviting, open air feeling and the attached patio is charming. Strong earth toned colors and cute little origami flower bouquets grace the tables. Despite the small size of the establishment there are a variety of seating options for single patrons or small groups, and I've never seen people waiting for a table, even during their busiest Friday lunch rush.A broad array of patrons frequent Essence including hipsters, young professionals, older adults in their power suits, and even a few elders. I haven't seen very many college kids, which may because the food isn't cheap and it's probably "weirder" than options on Mill's strip. But I dig the "weird" French inspired cuisine. It's decadent and I feel naughty eating it.Everything I've eaten during lunch has been exceptional. The croque moniseur is far and away the best thing I've tried so far. A grilled sandwich with an egg washed top layer, thin sliced ham, creamy gruyere cheese and jalapenos. It's heavenly crunchy, just as the name suggests. The open face steak sandwich is tender delicious and smothered in buttery sauteed mushrooms with a sprinkle of bleu cheese crumbles as a savory accent. The layers of phyllo dough used in the spanakopita demonstrates some serious painstaking dedication to producing a good product, and the chopped Greek salad was phenomenal. Crispy cucumbers, bell peppers, kalmata olives, feta cheese and tomatoes that tasted like, well, actual tomatoes, for once. Something that you don't often find and an indication that Essence uses amazingly fresh organic product whenever possible. Even the side of potato salad with whole grain mustard was exceptional.The offerings at their bakery are just as phenomenal as their lunch entrees. The caramel creme macaroon is seriously the most amazing sandwich cookie I've ever tasted, a perfect harmony between savory creme filling and sweet chewy wafers. The strawberry shortcake is amazingly fresh and light, if not a little hard to eat. And their white chocolate raspberry layer cake is the classiest Little Debbie-esque snack cake I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. One day I vow to pick up a box of "Tasty little treats" just so I can sample a cupcake and about three cookies without having to choose among all the desserts on display!I highly recommend this place. Just don't be surprised if you develop an insatiable desire to consume Essence on a daily basis.
5	This is easily my favorite cafe in all of Tempe - and perhaps the Valley - for lunch and baked goods.  The atmosphere is charming and understated from the way you order to the friendly service you wouldn't expect from a counter service kind of place.I'm always torn on whether to order the croque monseiur or the warm open faced steak sandwich.  Both of the sandwiches are superbly prepared and presented.  You can't go wrong with either.  I always opt for the dijon potato side salad garnished with mustard seed.The warm open faced steak sandwich is tastefully done with tender grilled ribeye with a cabernet butter and sauteed mushrooms and bleu cheese.  Rich, sinful and bad but in a good way, kind of like sex with an old ex.  Similarly the croque monseiur has me hooked, but their use of de-seeded jalapenos adds a distinctive Arizona touch that I just love.While waiting for my lunch I can never resist their outstanding macarons (I prefer the chocolate, but both are delicious), cakes and cookies (go for the chocolate truffle) displayed so innocently behind the glass case where you order.Since I am friends with someone who works here, she doesn't serve us (company policy), so service is usually by the manager, and once we even got the chef, which was a nice surprise because I was able to ask her details on the sandwiches.And finally, because they use organic and locally grown ingredients you can leave feeling like not-so much of an asshat.
4	What a great alternative to campus eateries. Essence Cafe reminds me of the type of little lunch cafe I would go to in Boston.  It has a small dining room as well as a small patio that would be very nice on a warm day.  I met a few Yelpers here for lunch and I enjoyed myself.  (I mean how do you not enjoy yourself when with fellow Yelpers?) I ordered the Mediterranean Platter...the stuffed grape leaves were great, although I wish there were more of them.  The chopped Greek village side salad that is served with the plates is fantastic and makes a great palate cleanser.  The hummus was good, nothing that was mind blowing.  The desserts are really where its at.  Each of us ordered one and sampled them all.  Get the strawberry shortcake.  Thank me later.They serve breakfast and they serve it to go....I have a feeling I'll be stopping in often during the summer semester!
5	WOW! What else can I say....everyone has pretty much covered it!I stopped in for a snack the other day, got the soup of the day , the quiche and a luscious lemon cake(see pics)They won me over with freshness and Delicious flavors.I had already made plans to come back in my head.So I find myself here again, this time just to try some more of the desserts to go. The only picture I could have taken was of the crumbs on my shirt...sorry the goodies barely made it to the parking lot and I went back in for more!caramel creme macaroons, cinnamon butter muffins MY GOD!!Pure HEAVEN!!Cute Counter service cafe, with distinctive French/Mediterranean fare, serving breakfast lunch, dessert and daily specials
4	i have to thank Sarah G for telling me about this place...the desserts alone are worth going in there.  They have this white macadamia nut cookie that is to die for (and I hate nuts!)The breakfast was ok, nothing to write home about.  Lunch is great, though they have a thing for red  onions.  The grape leaves aren't typical greek style grape leaves, but they are still good. The grilled cheese I had one day was awesome...but I kept on asking myself....how did I spend $18 just on myself?  While the food is great...the prices for the quantity of food you are getting is the only hold back I can think of.
5	This establishment is a great substitute for the restaurant that occupied the space before.  I've tried everything vegetarian on the menu, and I love it all!  I've also sampled several of the fine baked goods available, and I can't say I've ever been let down there either.  At Valentine's Day last year, they offered chocolate cake with real gold flakes on it, which was delicious!  Once, when my order took longer than expected, I was given my choice of one free cookie.  The service is very nice.  I recommend the ice tea; it's quite good.  The grilled cheese is my favorite regular menu item, with the salad greens.  I've also subscribed to a mailing list to get their weekly specials by email, which is very convenient.  Ethically, this place is environmentally conscious too, so that makes it even better!  Definitely a progressive dining experience for Tempe.  This place is very San Francisco.  The only downsides are the limited hours and limited seating.
4	I have been twice for breakfast and the meals for both my friends and I were great!  The service was very prompt and friendly.  I have also gotten caramel iced coffee and the little box of treats to go, also very good.  It is great to have a local little place that outshines the Starbucks across the parking lot.
5	I recently moved to the neighborhood, and I am so excited to live down the road from this place. I've had two breakfasts there already, and both were delicious. And the organic/local ingredients make it all even better. The iced coffee is quite good, too--a welcome alternative to the Starbucks down the block Addendum: Went back for lunch yesterday, and I can heartily recommend both the chicken salad sandwich and the macarons. The latter were incredible!
5	Oh my! Thank you fellow Yelpers! I love this place! I eat lunch here several times a week now and it is the preferred bakery of my family. I adore the Mini-treat box as I can try several little goodies throughout the day. The vanilla caramel cake is divine. The macaroons are where they really shine though. They are the traditional Parisian style (not the icky coconut ones Americans think of) and are perfect. Honestly as good if not better than some I had in Paris. My only suggestion would be to add more flavors. Just don't get rid of the caramel & chocolate though!9/1- UPDATE- Went for breakfast this time and it couldn't be much more delicious. My dining partner had the french scrambled eggs. Not only the best eggs I ever had but the table next to us ordered it also and she said the same thing! However, the french toast w/banana caramel sauce- wow! So decadent. I almost felt dirty eating it in public! It felt more like something I should drizzle over my body and have my lover lick off! OK, maybe TMI but you get the picture!
4	Ok- don't flag me! When I say I used to work here I am talking about the location, not Essence! I worked here when it was Sabuddy, the Israeli place that has since moved up to Scottsdale. Tasty.Essence was taking over a location with a strong following of veggie/ vegans and meat-lovers alike and had a lot to prove. I finally made it in there last week and I have to say that I was impressed. I ordered the organic spinach and cranberry salad. It was the first thing I saw on the menu that I wanted... it is the second listing.I took a gander at the pastries while waiting for my salad. They looked tasty, but I was not going straight home after lunch, so I passed on them. I would definitely take a pastry- lover back there to indulge.My salad arrived. The only negative thing I can think of is that they went a little heavy on the dressing. The salad was big. Filling. Tasty.The restaurant was clean and welcoming. The staff was friendly.Its a serve-yourself kind of place concerning silverware, napkins, and drinks. I ordered the iced tea, which was in smaller glass pitchers. I thought that was a nice touch. It looked much nicer than those large plastic containers, dyed from the tea over time and looking a little dingy. Glass pitchers kicked it up a notch.I would go back for the pastry and to try breakfast. I would most definitely try the brioche toast slice with almond paste and almond slivers cozying up to blueberries. Maybe tomorrow.
4	Essence, you are lovely. If House of Tricks and the Farm at South Mountain had a baby and sent it to the Cordon Blue Cooking school, it would be you. You are empty at 11am on a Tuesday, so I had you all to myself. Delightful. The staff was displaying the desserts, to their utmost...a little like window dressing at Macys. I ordered something safe. I ordered quiche lorraine and it was perfect. Just the right pastry with a perfect custard. Nice bit of spinach and ham.  Not heavy, not runny, not gooey, perfect does describe it. It came with a salad that was relatively pedestrian, didn't underwhelm, didn't overwhelm. Fresh greens, baby spinach in a light vinaigrette. Topped everything off with an iced tea and sat in relative silence with a bit of African drums groovin' in the background. I stopped by to check out the dessert display and could not pass up the macaroons. You know this, I don't need to tell you. They are divine. You are lovely and thank you for such a lovely meal.
5	MY FAVORITE LUNCH PLACE!!!!Funny enough my dad introduced me to the beauty that is Essence.I could eat there every day of the week. The Greek Caesar salad is SO good. Sometimes I get it with Chicken. One Friday, we got there early enough for breakfast before work. I had the breakfast sandwich  and potato cake. The brioche bread is heavenly. MY sister had the french toast. Also heavenly. The banana-caramel sauce...mmm mmm mmm.There is nothing that I Have tried here that is NOT good.I am very picky about my spanakopita and tzatziki sauce. Essence def ranks among my favorites. I scour their weekly specials and make my lunch plans for the week depending on if Essence has a meal with tzatziki!If you work in Tempe- this is a MUST for lunch!
5	I have been here twice and both times have been in awe of the food and the place in general.  I came here specifically to try the open face steak sandwich mentioned by Stevey P, but both my sister and I were so bummed when we arrived because they said they were out...I perused the menu for an althernative and the server recommended the special which was the grass-fed hamburger. It did not sound appealing and I try to avoid eating red meat in general... but I was amazed at the freshness of the hamburger, the toppings, the sauce and everything is so fresh, you don't that icky feeling at all after eating here...also the portions are not too large...perfect size for me.   I will definitely be a regular here..
5	For those of you who have not experienced the Orgasm that is an Essence Caramel Creme' Macaroon WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR??? They now have added a Pumpkin Creme, Raspberry Creme' and Espresso Creme' to their already Fabulous Caramel Creme' and Chocolate Creme' selections!
4	Still a fan...But the 5 stars was for what  the server told me was the special every Friday --  the grass fed hamburger - This was incredible and everything else i have had here so far as been good, but not the perfection that the hamburger was ( I know, I should wait a few times before reviewing a place)
5	Update: Okay, so I guess you can't update twice, but I thought I had to share this with you. Have you ever been so hungry that when you finally shoved a piece of food in your mouth you actually bit your finger?  No, you haven't?  Well, I just did that very thing.  Does this mean I have a problem?  I need AA for Essence Bakery.  I go there twice a week and now I'm biting fingers because I can't get the food in my mouth fast enough.  I obviously have a problem.  Please help me.  Someone needs to get rid of those damn Macarons before I'm forced to buy new jeans because mine are getting tight.  Yep, I've gotta do an Essence fast.  If you see me there ordering a Macaron, for the love of God stop me.  Previous Update: I'm updating this baby!  I went to Paris a few weeks ago and had a Croque-Monsieur at this little bakery- DIDN'T HOLD A CANDLE TO ESSENCE!  I thought to myself, this crap sucks, I want Essence Bakery's version.  Whaaa.  Then I got over it.  I also can't stop myself from getting one of those treat boxes every time I  go.  I'm really in trouble here, good thing I started taking some new and exciting classes at the gym to counteract the damage.
4	I work within walking distance of Essence and could not be happier. I could go on and on about how incredible the grilled cheese is on that tantalizing brioche bread. But instead I am going to highlight Essence as a place to get an incredible, taste-bud tickling breakfast without the side of grease. The scrambled eggs are quite possibly the best I have ever had. The combination of spices combines with fluffy organic eggs for a zesty yet light flavor. The french flair on the menu is really what sets this little place apart. The other killer item for me (vegetarian so I haven't tried the meat items) is the Croque-Madame. It looks very filling with the heavy slab of Gruyere cheese on the sandwich, but it still manages to be the perfect portion.If they were open on Sundays and served mimosas and bloody marys this place would be a dream come true.
4	Essence is a great addition to Tempe.  The food is bistro style, the chef Eugenia does amazing things with savory and sweet alike.  The ambience is nice, very simple and under done, it is funny how you have to get your own coffee, water and silverware, but that is bistro style and also keeps help costs down.I go here for breakfast every other weekend, though it is not open on Sunday :(  The food is amazing, the only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is the portions are too small and could be bigger without any effort.  I would say it is a bit over priced, but Arizona breakfasts all are, so for this you get quality for your $12.The mascarones are some of the best cookies I've ever had, get the caramel.  I had the burger the other week and it was good, with a garlicy whole grain mustard and brioche bun, but it didn't hold up through the whole meal.  The potato salad was way too mustardy.I am thankful for Essence and everyone that works there, they are the envy of all other restaurants in the valley.
4	I am looking forward to trying this place again to see what else I would enjoy.  I had the Croque madame sandwich   with jalapenos which for me  was too hot. If I had it again I would ask for no jalapenos. then I think it would have been heavenly.  The accompanying potato salad was quite tasty and not at all like deli potato salad. My mom had the chicken salad sandwich which she really enjoyed,   not too mayonaisy.And of course I had  a macaroon... a delicious unusual treat ...lovely. The service was a little off today but manageable.
5	Five stars. If there were more stars at my disposal, I'd give them all to Essence.Here's what you need to know:Awesome for breakfast and lunch. As many ingredients as possible are organic and local. And if "local" and "organic" is not your thing, come here anyway. Do it. Do it just because the food is outstanding and the people are nice.But know that they close at 3pm. I went through a period in my life during which I was mad at Essence because they weren't open later. But my therapist now has me believing this is a good thing; otherwise I'd be eating here three times a day and would NEVER go home.  If you're vegetarian, plenty of goods for you here. I'm carnivorous myself, and favor the Roasted Chicken Club. How can chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo taste so abundant? It makes no sense. And the potato salad?! Dude ... I don't even like potato salad (a bad picnic experience from my youth turned me off the stuff for the better part of two decades), but this is the goods! Perhaps it's the mustard. Perhaps this is what food from the earth is SUPPOSED to taste like (another shameless plug for organic).And don't even get me started on their sweets. Chocolate truffle cookies: check. White chocolate macadamia nut cookies: check. Macarons: okay, hold up. The macarons are to die for! I went through another period of time where I harbored resentment for Essence because their macarons taste so good. I'm still kinda' in that space. (My therapist and I are working on it as I write). My contention is that Essence is going to become so popular - on the basis of their macarons alone - that Chef Eugenia ends up closing shop and having her own show on the Food Network. Go there. Have one. You'll understand.But go soon, my friends. Because once Eugenia makes her first appearance on Oprah ... it's all over but the crying.
2	I hate to do this, but after today's experience, I am at a loss...I don't even know where to start.  I love going here, but something has to change.  I always look forward to Essence...but today I just shake my head.I went to the counter to order my Hamburger with Cheese (and extra .85 cents)  which is a new item on the menu which I have had before.  I loved it the first time.  I was not in the mood for a salad and I asked what I could do for a substitute and they said I could add potato chips for an extra dollar.  I let that one slide and then I asked for an Iced Tea and if it could be in a to go cup and they said that they would have to charge me an extra .50 cents.  I asked why and the girl at the counter said it has to do with refills.  "But I get refills in my Glass, correct?" "Yes, but that is the way the owner has it."Now I am a little annoyed, but I try to get over it.  My lovely luncheon date, the wonderful Sarah G thought I was in a bad mood, and then I explained my issues with the counter.  I get my food...put my mayonaise all over it and then I cut into the meat...completely raw.  (Please remember that I did not put the top part of the bun and lettuce on my sandwich yet)  I cut into it in the middle just to make sure...and yep!  Red raw meat....I went to the counter and explained my finding and she said that she will put it back on to cook a little longer.  I explained to her that I cut into it and I had put the mayonaise on it...but she said she will take care of it.So I get it back...with the bun on top of my hamburger.  I look underneath, and there is my cut up hamburger.  I take the bun off and noticed that the bottom half of the bunch is extremely soggy.  I also bite into it and it scorched my mouth.  I don't know that they did, but it was completely unacceptable.  On top of it, which didn't surprise me, the hamburger was COMPLETELY DRY.  Sarah and I both noticed that the staff did not come by at all to ask how our food turned out.  I went back up to the counter and told her that I couldn't even it my lunch.  The girl said that the cook ASSURED her that it wouldn't get dry....and I told her that she was assured incorrectly. They did end up refunding my money...after the fact I noticed that I didn't get reimbursed for my cheese.  (LOL)My Parfait was awesome...that was a plus...their desserts are always so yummy.Please Please Please Essence...I want to be able to come back next time and give you back at least 2 extra starts....And by the way....I am still hungry
5	This place is amazing! Everything is organic, the whole place is done up "green" and the food is just good.My favorite is the greek caesar! It's like a mountain of salad! And the hummus with crusty bread is always consistently good.I've tried a few of their pastries, they're pretty good, and really cute.I definitely recommend this place as a good lunch spot.
4	Essence is SO my type of place. The coffee is great, (particularly their iced coffee) and in my experience the food has been consistently delicious. Essence is a perfect place for breakfast/brunch/lunch (but nothing later! They close early at 3 pm.) I would certainly say Essence is one of the best bakeries in Tempe. But it's absolutely a destination for their food, as well. For example, their Quiche Lorraine is pretty much perfection. Getting a good consistency with quiche can be tricky. But here, they're not gloopy or runny, yet not too firm or overcooked. Although I wish it were a little bigger. (And not just because it's so good--it's a bit on the dainty side.) And let's please not forget about their baked goods. Yes, the macaroons (the real kind) are heavenly. Paired with a latte or cup of iced coffee, they are divine. Ultimately, Essence is good because their ingredients are always fresh and of high quality. This is apparent in the first bite of anything you taste.
5	I love everything about Essence!  The decor was beautiful, the hostess was really nice, and the food was absolutely delicious. I had the Croque Madame sandwich and fresh-squeezed orange juice for breakfast the other day, and it's been hard to keep myself from going back every day since.  Not only was the food great, but I felt good eating it because all the food is farmed locally.The price is a little steeper than you might be used to if you're the typical Tempe resident -- for example, my sandwich and orange juice were $11 -- but if you like to treat yourself, this is the place to do it.
3	I came here for lunch with my gf after reading all the raves on yelp. The atmosphere was alright, good for a quick lunch to catch up with friends. The place is small so it got a little crammed around lunch time. Had it not been so windy, we would have got a table out in the patio. It looked cute, and definitely not as stuffy.We both got Quiche (came with a side of salad). The food in general was good, but I didn't think it was over the top. Afterward we tried a chocolate macaron and a small glass of chocolate/espresso mousse. We did not care much for the macaron (sorry) but the mousse was delicious! It was just sweet enough to make you want more.We also got 2 to-go boxes of 4 mini macarons, wedding cookie, etc. Well, my bf ate them all in 15 minutes so I can't yelp anything about those.
4	This is definitely a place to pay a visit to and talk about. They are environmentally conscious about everything from the fixtures; where and who they purchase their products from; and their menu selection. My first visit was with coworkers for lunch. Everyone got something different so I had a chance to try a variety of dishes. Everything from the broccoli soup to the hummus was delicious. I had a perfectly cooked medium-rare grass fed hamburger that was served on a nicely toasted roll with peppery rocket dressed with slightly sweet balsamic; a juicy tomato; and nutty cheddar cheese. I can still remember the aroma that was seeping from the kitchen from the grass fed beef cooking.  I'm looking forward to going back. They email a weekly menu every Monday. I think its Monday. Anyway, I'll be back for sure.
5	I don't even know how I found this place, but damn it's good. Their sandwiches are phenomenal, once I had the special of the day which was a mashed potato cake with creme fraiche and smoked salmon and that was great and whenever we come for breakfast I always get the French Scrambled Eggs with Toast. They're so creamy and flavorful you'll want to slowly savor them bite by bite. All of the lunch entrees seem to come with a nice side salad so it was enough food for my husband and I to split so we could leave some room for desert. I noticed on their website that they're now selling their macaroons on-line. A word to the wise, their macaroons are fabulous and terribly addicting so if you can't control yourself (like I sometimes can't), just stay away. The caramel is by far the best flavor and that little tidbit is coming from a hard core chocolate addict. Skip the chocolate and the pumpkin, but the raspberry is very nice also. My husband had a slice of their vanilla bean cake once and enjoyed it. I'm not much of a cake eater (unless it's deep, dark chocolate with no butter cream in sight) so I didn't try it but from the way they fly out the doors, I'd say they must be good.
5	Friendly staff. Great sandwiches. And macaroons that are beyond belief. I'm not a macaroon fan but these are incredible. Go just for them but know the rest of the food is awesome.
5	Essence is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town!  It is just amazing that you can now buy some of the best french macarons in the world right here in little ole Tempe!  Essence's owners and gracious hosts Eugenia and Gilles make me feel so welcome every time I stop by.  The place is very simple and comfortable.  It has a few really cute touches, such as origami flowers in bud vases on the tables, but these things are largely unnecessary because once you get a bite of the delectable fare you are going to be transported clear outta there and into a world of flavors and textures that will obscure your other senses post haste!The mediterranean platter is my favorite of their offerings and it is a perfectly balanced plate.  It comes with a serving of hummus, some toasted baguette slices, stuffed grape leaves and a salad of halved cherry tomatoes, olives, and red onions in a vinaigrette.  The hummus is the best in town and believe me I have been on a quest to find it for the 19 years I've been a Zonie.  It has just the right garlicky, lemony, pasty consistency and taste.  The grape leaves were a revelation to me because I have eaten them many places and have loved them but always experienced them as fairly dense and somewhat bland.  The stuffed grape leaves at Essence are delicious!  They are dense yet moist - they are so flavorful and the ingredients are diced in such a way as to allow the palate to separate the flavors of each finely diced little morsel.  The macarons...ahhhhhhhhh.  What can I say?  The words fail me now.  Just go.  Eat them.  Take some home.  Try not to dream about them!  I haven't had any as good since I first tasted them in Paris at Laduree off of the Boulevard Saint Germain du Pres.  Incroyable!
4	My friends and I saw this place after dinner at the Ethiopian place, but it wasn't open. So we went the next morning, and I'm definitely glad we did. The menu was enticing, as were the pastries, but I opted for the Croque Monsieur, one of my all time favorites. It had jalapenos on it that gave it just the right uniqueness. The iced teas were great, so refreshing on a hot AZ day. The salad dressing was just light enough to not overpower the greens. All in all, a great place.
5	I'm forced to admit that I'm a regular at Essence.  That says something, since I don't like to be considered a regular ANYWHERE ... there are just too many great places out there I haven't been to yet!  But Essence keeps drawing me back.  Their menu isn't enormous, and mostly features sandwiches and salads:  typical bistro fare, with French/Greek influences.  But the quality you'll find there is unsurpassed.  They use very few ingredients that aren't organic and local.  Their beef is free range, and tastes like it.  The skill of the chefs shows in everything, right down to the side salads, which are barely misted with homemade vinaigrette dressing to enhance, but not hide, the flavor of the organic greens.  And the desserts ... don't even get me started on the desserts.  I've ordered all of them more than once.  The macaroons are light, fresh, smooth, and sweet, and are so tasty they might make you black out for a minute.Somehow, despite the quality, the place is affordable; nothing on the menu is over $10.  A warning:  if you go for lunch during the week, go early.  The place fills up fast, and their daily specials (which are all phenomenal) are often sold out before noon.
2	I have to admit that after all the good reviews I've seen of this place I was a little surprised by how average it was.  I had the oatmeal and fruit dish for breakfast with an iced tea and it ran me nearly TEN DOLLARS and I was still hungry!  Sorry, but for that kind of money I can go to LGO and get so much food I'm stuffed before I can finish it. To top it all off the chef/owner (who's name I didn't catch) charged me fifty cents to take my iced tea to go.  I frequent many a restaurant in the Tempe area and I have NEVER been charged to take my drink to go.  When I mentioned this the chef got a funny look on her face, half-mad half-incredulous, and proceeded to tell me how HER cups were made from biodegradable plastics.  Get over yourself.  Probably won't be returning.
3	In Short: Great quality ingredients and they stay true to their products but pretty much everything is overpriced.I like their food, good quality ingredients prepared in a way that brings out the best of them.  Not much frills but the flavours are decent but not amazing.  I can really taste the quality and freshness of pretty much all their food.  They tend to be on the slow side on service, but probably because they make everything pretty fresh.  I'd go here more often if it wasn't for the price and if it were open for normal human hours.  Lunch runs about 15$ for a sandwich and the portions are just average.  I understand that they are catering for a niche market that expect to pay that much for this kind of product.  I like to eat healthy too but it's just too much of a reach in my opinion.
3	Lunched here today..  I cannot recall what the place used to be called, but it was something else last time I was here..  Anyways, I digress..The decor of the place fits right along with what you'd expect based on the size and menu.  Friendly and open, just keep the party small, this place is crowded!Food was OK..  They pride themselves on all of the farm fresh veggies, but they overwhelmed the salad with dressing.  People usually want a salad to be healthy, not loaded with an abundance of dressing.  You could taste the fresh apples and cranberries, but the spinach and celery were totally wiped out..I did get a soup to go, and I will have it shortly, but it is unlikely to change my rating.
3	Lets begin, for the $ you can do better, but the first thing that surprised me is when we walked in approx 2:45 not realizing they closed @ 3:00 my bad, The girl at the counter was not happy to see us as we looked at the menu she told us "better hurry because were closing" might I add there was a table of people still eating. I wonder if they were told to eat faster. I know I should of just walked. I would of been much happier if they simply did not take our order.  Or even if her approach to closing soon was a bit more friendly. I really felt we had created a huge problem for them. The food was typical for a little frou frou cafe, nothing was a WOW, but maybe it because they were closing and no extra effort was made. They bakery stuff was good. We spent 48 bones to realize we were still hungry. go figure
5	Oh, Essence. How I adore thee.This is my favorite spot to go for breakfast when I want to feel like an adult. You absolutely must try the French Scrambled Eggs. Sure, you can have scrambled eggs for breakfast, but they're going to be classy!Here's the thing. I don't even like eggs! I'm a texture person, and I have a hard time enjoying the usually weird, slightly spongy texture of eggs. But there was not one spongy morsel to be found here! These incredibly silky scrambled eggs are slow cooked with dijon mustard, cream, parmesan cheese, and chives. I recommend you splurge and go for the fresh squeezed orange juice. It's a nice reminder of what OJ is supposed to taste like. And after all, it's part of a complete breakfast, right?My brother (the designated foodie in my family... culinary school graduate and all that jazz...) explained that this exquisite texture is developed by gently stirring the eggs while they cook over a low heat. Has something to do with the proteins...?For lunch, you must try the Grilled Cheese with Mozzarella, Tomato, and Basil. If you love anything caprese as much as I do, this is the sandwich for you. It's a lighter and more elegant lunch option than anything you'll find at the drive through.The owner/chef Eugenia seems kind and genuine- two traits which seem increasingly difficult to come by. She was more than happy to stand at my table a few minutes and discuss the food which she is so proud of.This place is a gem. You've gotta check it out. Do me one favor though- PLEASE don't get on Yelp the moment you finish your meal to bitch about the prices. Yes, it's more expensive. Yes, you're enjoying wholesome, local food which is both more delicious and better for you. Yes, it's worth it.
4	I stopped here once before, a long long time ago after it had just opened... only to find it was closed during it's normal business hours.  Probably just a fluke; a new business blunder.  I meet with a "green" moms group from time to time and today we had a lunch date set up for Essence.  I wasn't expecting more than the usual "bakery" lunch food: chicken or tuna salad on croissants, simple deli style sandwiches.  But oh! was I pleasantly surprised to find that their food was seriously high quality and locally grown and raised, to boot!  Their burgers are made from grass fed beef (that's what I'm trying next time), their produce comes from a local farm.  I had the grilled cheese (mozzerella, tomato, basil) and it practically melted in my mouth.  It took a lot of restraint to save half for my husband.  I also had the soup of the day- bean soup with herbs, and it too was delicious.  I shared that with my baby.  The only thing I was able to consume by myself was the salad.  Now, I was in such a hurry because I had to eat, chat and leave within 30 minutes of ordering because we had an appointment with our realtor.  I remember thinking "damn, this salad is delicious" but I can't remember what it was that made it so good.  But take my word for it:  the mixed greens salad is good.  As I said, I met with a moms group, and we ran into a bit of a problem in that the restaurant only has one high chair.  The bigger kids did fine in regular chairs, but I think they may have opted for a high chair had my daughter not been using the only one.  We arrived around 11, and were there for about 45 minutes.  The place started to get packed around 11:30 and by the time I was wrapping up my meal, it was crowded and noisy, and the other moms and I were talking very loudly in order to hear one another.  I was told good things about their breakfast.... that'll be my next trip!
2	7/31 Late lunch was a Quiche Lorraine, which came with a side salad.  Looked absolutely delicious, but did not provide the mouth-feel I craved.  I was still reeling from the blissful onion tarte I had at Coup des Tartes and was hoping to reclaim that gastronomical "hit" with the cake-y quiche (it was a bit dry).  Greens were also a tad under-dressed.    I wouldn't order the quiche again, but I will go back and try other items.  In the meantime, I'll just admire the photos I took at Essence...
5	Have you ever bought something and thought "I want to send one of these to everyone I know"?Well, that is what it feels like when you have one of the amazing parisian macarons at Essence. The chef trained in Paris and it shows. The parisian macaron isn't the stack of coconut you remember from passover. It is more like a giant fluffy cookie sandwich with an amazing creamy filling.Essence makes a plethora of macaron varieties including mint, french chocolate, raspberry, and my favorites, espresso and caramel. The flavors are perfectly balanced, and the cookies are perfect--slightly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.Now I just need to figure out how to ship a dozen to my mom.
4	My husband and I had breakfast here over the weekend.  We shared the "Big Breakfast" and Eugenia's Organic Hot Breakfast Cereal.  The big breakfast was great- the schreiner's sausage is AWESOME.  We practically fought over it.  The eggs were fluffy and delicious, but the garlic mashed potato cake was a bit of a let down.  It's about the size of a hockey puck, and it does taste good... there was just not much too it.  Slightly crunchy on the outside, but then it's just mashed potatoes on the inside.  I'm much more a fan of homefries with my breakfast.  But maybe that's just me.  The hot cereal was DELICIOUS.  We mostly got this for our daughter, and although she's only 10 months old, she let us know that she loved it (banging on the table, leaning toward it, reaching for it, and lots of "mmmmmmmmm"s).  It really was delicious- not too thick, not too runny,   very cinnamon-y, the yogurt added a nice touch of tangy-ness, and the pecans on top gave it a great crunch to round out the texture of each bite.  I will absolutely be eating this again next time we go.  And I think I can say the same for my daughter!
3	Very good food but a little overpriced for the amount of food you get so the price is the only reason I am giving it a 3 star instead of a 4 star.  Cost about $11.50 for a small sandwich side salad and an ice tea.  All the food seems to be of the organic nature so definitely taste is higher quality.I have been there 3 times and each time left still hungry; however, did feel that I had a healthier lunch than other options in the area.If you are in the mood for a high quality / healthy light lunch and okay with paying $10-12 per person definitely give Essence Bakery a shot.
4	Slightly pretentious, definitely pricey, but worth a trip for the macarons. They're not MACAROONS, people, those are the little cookie mountains of shredded coconut. Macarons are a French confection of two moist, flourless cookies flanking a filling or ganache. Essence's are just delicious - as are most of their baked goods, admittedly. Perfectly chewy with a crisp edge and just enough filling, all with a not-overly-sweet, almondy taste. I could easily consume one of each flavor over coffee and a book. And maybe I will. So there.
4	Met several friends for a lunch date and no one was disappointed.  I had a salad that came with a mini grilled cheese and added chicken.  It was a little pricey at $13.00 with a iced tea.You get what you pay for these days, everything we had was top notch,  from the bread to the greens.  Would I go back? Sure if someone else is buying......
5	My husband and I go here every Saturday morning and it is the highlight of our week - like a mini-date every seven days. The food is excellent, and the owner and staff are friendly. It's a tad pricey, but the food is top-quality - always fresh and much is locally grown.
5	Just go here.  Don't read any more.  Just go and order anything because it's all fabulous.Ok, so for those of you who are stubborn and haven't left to go to Essence yet...All of the food is delicious.  The menu isn't very big, but it doesn't need to be.  I've been here for breakfast and lunch and it's always fantastic.  The cranberry/spinach/feta salad is gargantuan and super tasty.  Everything seems to be homemade, fresh, and often either local or organic.It can be really busy during lunch time, so make sure to get their early to get a spot.  It's not the best place for groups larger than 4 since you'd have to move tables together if you could even find enough empty ones (think Acacia Cafe).Everyone raves about their French macarons (which are traditional macarons, not the American macaroon coconut cookies you see at the grocery store).  I didn't think they were anything spectacular the first time I tried them.  I guess that will give me a reason to go back there again soon.So now will you just go to Essence already??
3	I had the the "Big Breakfast," and hubby had the French scrambled eggs. Both were very good, but the servings were too small compared to other good cafes. We will go back and give it another try because the service was great and we like to support locally owned restaurants.
5	Essence Bakery and Cafe is amazing! Eugenia, you are a food goddess, and your staff is friendly and very professional. You have created my idealized bakery and cafe. To start, Essence is one of the greenest local businesses in the Valley. They remodeled with green materials - recycled glass, bamboo, VOC-free paint. They use primarily re-usable dishware, the menu and carry-away boxes are recyclable and biodegradable, and they recycle. Best of all, and one of my favorite reasons for constantly suggesting Essence Bakery for lunch, is that they serve sustainable and organic products. From local veggies to grass-fed chicken and beef - fresh, local, and seasonal ingredients are packed into their excellent breakfast and lunch menus. Eugenia sends out an email with the weekly specials that makes my mouth water. I love specials - I feel like I am eating something unique and limited that won't be around for very long. Specials also provide great insight into the creativity and skill of the chef, and I think demonstrate what is truly excellent about a restaurant. Today I had the brunch special - Belgian Waffles Served with Roasted Organic Apples and Sundried Cherries in Vanilla Syrup and Whipped Creme Chantilly - sweet heaven. Lastly, I must mention the macaroons. Essence consistently wins the award for best macaroons. They are perfect, fluffy, and beautiful. Eugenia serves several flavors, including staples like chocolate, caramel, and raspberry, as well as seasonal flavors like pumpkin. They are melt in your mouth, make you go back for seconds good. If you want to taste excellence, treat yourself to an Essence macaroon.
4	I am a big fan of this little place! Delicious food - my favorite is the roasted vegetable sandwich  - YUMMM. I frequent Essence on lunch appointments; everyone I take there is very impressed and leaves happily full. The downfalls are: small and crowded - tables are small especially if you have more than 2 people in your party. Also, I don't like being charged for a to-go cup for ice-water. Otherwise 4 stars out of 5.
4	Very nice little chef-run cafe.  Pastries are marvelous.  I had the Big Breakfast, was fairly tasty.  The sausage wasn't "all that" if you ask me - it seemed a little blander than I expected.  The potato cake did need some seasoning, maybe like rosemary or thyme.  Eggs were perfect, and mushrooms were awesome.Very nice decor and feeling.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I'll go back.  For breakfast, Matt's and Over Easy are both better food.  But the "essence" of this cafe is the pastries.  Can't go wrong with any of them.P.S.  This review was modified to 4 stars from the initial 3 after a couple of additional visits.  They get BIG PROPS for the freshness of the food.  The inside is TINY though, and the waits can be fairly long-ish if the place is filled up.
5	I really liked this place. The staff was very friendly. The food was amazing. The relaxing atmosphere on the patio was sublime.  The prices were slightly more than I'm used to but given the quality of food and the memorable experience it was well worth it.
4	I heard about EBC on NPR and thought I would give it a try for breakfast. I was really impressed with the service, incredible tasting and healthy food, and nice, casual atmosphere. My friend said EBC made the best scrambled eggs that he has ever had.
5	I've been here twice for breakfast and once to buy a pastry to go with the Starbuck's I got across the parking lot. I ordered the Big Breakfast each time, which is spectacular. Everything on the plate was fantastic. I had fried eggs once and then scrambled. Both were cooked perfectly. The mushrooms are otherworldly, and I'm not a big mushroom fan. The pastry I tried was a chocolate croissant. It was like eating butter flavored air infused with chocolate. OMFG!
4	You gotta love a restaurant that cares about quality of food, taste, and presentation. The pastries here are the best I've had in AZ, so pick up a chocolate croissant, an almond croissant, and a sugar brioche while you're here. Soooooo good! Hubby and I had lunch here twice. The first time was better than the 2nd for us. We ordered the beef sirloin sandwich...yummy. The 2nd time, the ham & cheese sandwich had too much cheese for us, though the first few bites were great. We're just not that into cheesy, heavy food dishes. Just doesn't sit well. Either way, we'll be back because the breakfast menu looks great. I can't wait to try their crepes.
4	Great breakfast here yesterday.  Have been many times for lunch but a first timer for bfast.  Good service, great coffee and a perfectly poached egg on top on my croque Madame.  Great way to start the day!!
5	I stumbled upon this place on a recent trip to Tempe. It's in a strip mall, but don't let that fool you. The food and pastries are top notch. The ingredients were fresh and the food was amazing. I ordered the almond croissant and a potato cake. The only down side is that they have an espresso machine that looks like it's for home use so if you order a latte, it will take 10 minutes to get it. Just go for the coffee or a water and stop at Starbucks next door for your latte or espresso fix.
4	Dear Essence Bakery and Cafe~Darn you. Darn you to heck. I used to lightly brush the earth at a waif-like 120lbs, but thanks to your macarons I now crush cities in my wake at 300+.  It seems so wrong, so unjust that something that I think tastes like...well, I can only describe them as "caramel-orgasm-foam," - which sounds like something that should only come from the 1980s version of outer space or the wrong type of Tokyo vending machine - should be able to have such deleterious effects on my waistline.Still, I can't justify staying away. Your organic, local, thoughtful cuisine draws me in by heart, mind and stomach. Perfect seasoning. Fresh ingredients. If it wasn't for the fact that you are closed on Sundays, I would eat there everyday.(BTW, that is the only reason I subtracted one star. Actually, that AND the prices, which are slightly too high. Still, a place that does amazing breakfast but is closed on Sunday? A tragedy...)Oh, Essence, how I wish I could quit you.Sincerely,Jake P.
5	I'm basing my review entirely on macarons, though if you've had these macarons you'd know that they merit the full 5 stars and then some. Or maybe you wouldn't, but I definitely think they do. There are no words to describe when I first took a bite into the heavenly Meyer Lemon cookie and all things previously mysterious and unknown were known to me and a "Holy sh*t" issued from my lips. It seems crazy, but it's true. And then the caramel cream? Lord almighty-- chewy and complex and cunning (I needed another "C" adjective) but true nonetheless. They seem a bit expensive but it's worth it. Didn't sample any of the food that time, but may shortly.
3	My friend and I went for breakfast.I got a bran muffin, potato cake and a little box of treats to go.The muffin was fabulous. Normally, I would feel ripped off for what I spent on it, but they use local eggs and honey and I like supporting that. The texture was good, not dry the way bran muffins are and it had just the right amount of dried fruit tidbits.The potato cake was eh.. For the price ($6 if i remember but definately around five bucks) it was tiny, about the size of a deck of cards. In a potato pancake, i want a crispy outside and fluffy innards, but this had neither. Big disapointment.I don't remember what my friend ordered but she felt it was overpriced. I gave the take home box of treats to my sweetie after stealing the chocolate cookie. The cookie was good, but not chocolatey enough for the name they pinned on it. My boy said that none of the cookies were as good as anything his mom makes and i have to agree. For a place with bakery in the title, they need some decent baked goods.
5	As long as I've lived in or around Tempe, I can't believe it has taken me until today to try this place out! They are definitely my new favorite spot for breakfast, and I can't wait to have lunch there sometime. The food is all local, which is really important to me, and doesn't receive enough attention. It is a big deal to invest in our community, and this place does it. They also recycle and compost!!! Awesome! The food was delicious and unique in flavor. My only complaint would be that their coffee wasn't exactly up to par. Although, I am a bit of a snob when it comes to coffee. And do note that this place is wildly popular, so if you go on a weekend morning, be prepared to wait a little. Sit outside and enjoy yourself on their cute little patio!
4	Essence is adorable. Sadly, it's next to a strip mall, but the restaurant itself has outdoor seating (which we had to stalk... it's a bit small) and a nice atmosphere. The staff are friendly and you just order and find a table; since our order took a bit longish, they gave us a few free croissants which was wonderful! It didn't stop us from buying as much in pastries as we had in what most term "real" food, but it was a nice gesture. I rarely eat red meat, but because of the local/grass-fed advertisement, I had to try their bleu cheese burger... and everyone else at the table was mega jeals. ;) Juicy, flavorful, and with a balsamic mayo that gave it just a hint of bitter. The salad with it was fresh and also yummy. Portions aren't huge... my friend had the grilled cheese and that was a bit tiny and not overwhelmingly cheesey. But I digress... the pastries. Ah yes. We had a caramel macaroon which tasted like a crack-based sugar cookie, an almond croissant which was a bit lemony, cinnamon butter roll-ball things (essentially donut holes), and a chocolate cookie (which was hardish but somehow still addictively delicious). Overall, while pricey, I would tell you to get the exact same things I got and you will be happy. :) The teas are refreshing and the food is deeeeelicious. Enjoy!
5	One of my friends kept on talking to me about this place. Finally I had lunch there. I tried their quiche and it was delicious! not too heavy and a good combination of flavors. Service is friendly and they take good care of all. I tried one macaron and it was again a good mix of mint, chocolate and still not too sweet. Definitely I have to go a couple of times more.
5	Love this place! The food is so fresh tasting and everything they use is locally grown. I've been here just for lunch a couple times, and each time is great. Today I had the Roasted Chicken Club (without the mayo), that comes with fresh greens on the side too. The grain bread they use is amazingly good and the entire sandwich is just fresh!Also, Essence is known for their macaroons, which simply are amazing. I've had the mint and raspberry with rose filling and both are so tasty.The patio (although small) is a great place to sit and relax outside when the weather is nice.My only gripe is the single shot latte's - they only fill the cup half  full for $2.95. If you want a full cup, remember to order the double shot latte!
5	Simply the best! Always something new and delicious. And you can't pass up a macaron. Grapefruit is the best.
4	VERY tasty.  I don't know what they do to scrambled eggs, but I think I could have eaten 400 of them. Exactly.  400.The set-up took me aback a bit:  it's not a restaurant, per se.  You go to the counter, order and pay for your food.  They then give you a table-tent with a number and tell you to sit anywhere, they'll find you.  If you've ordered a coffee, tea or juice, they'll direct you to a bar to fix your own beverage.  Grab your silverware, too.  I forgot mine and they were gracious enough to run back and grab it for me.  Normally, I hate the term "cute", but it's completely appropriate in this case.
4	This place is fantastic - very tasty and a nice surprise for the Tempe area.   Tempe seems to be full of places meant for those in college (makes sense because it is, in fact, a college town) - but for those of us who work in the are this is a nice break from the regular places.  I will be adding this to my list of lunch options. It is really nice when you are looking for a light salad or even quiche.  I would recommend this.
4	I'm a huge fan of French macaroons and was so excited when I found Essence Bakery!  I was craving the lemon macaroons I normally get when I lived in L.A. and had despaired of finding a bakery in Phoenix that offers these treats.  I've only tried Essence's macaroons and eclairs, so can't attest to their other menu items.  However, their macaroons are TO-DIE-FOR!  (see pics)Although a bit pricey at $3.25 each (large), I feel the price is worth it as the baking process is a bit complex.  I've tried all the flavors (French chocolate, caramel cream, espresso, raspberry, pumpkin spice, and lemon) and must say my favorites are the the espresso and caramel cream.  The fillings are a bit on the too sweet side, so I usually scrape a bit off.The macaroons are made up rich and creamy filling sandwiched between dense and chewy almond paste cookies.  Don't mistake these for the coconut-flake based macaroons...not the same thing!  The place is small and seating each time I went was full, but I normally just order to go anyway.  It sucks that Essence Bakery is only open until 3pm Mon-Sat, but maybe it's a blessing in disguise as too much of a good thing will ruin my womanly figure.  ;-PIf you're craving French macaroons and Essence happens to be closed, Trader Joes have mini-macaroons in their frozen food aisle...theirs is also good!If you want a coffee fix, Starbucks is in the same lot...and there's a drive-thru!
4	Really good food and their bakery amazing. Bit pricey and their times are too short. They need to open on Sundays. LOVe their macaroons
4	We got out of bed bright and early to go try this place today (bright and early = 12 o'clock...yeah, we're lazy assholes). Driving down University it'd be easy to mistake this place for just another bland eatery; let's be honest... Tempe has got plenty of 'em. The second I sat down and tried a bite of one of their Macaroons I knew this place was the real deal. We met my brother and his girlfriend, so the good thing is that between the four of us, we were able to try quite a bit of different menu items. Our favorite was probably their Croque Madame...excellent bread, fresh cheese, local vegetables, and a nicely cooked egg on top; it has some sort of sauce in it too; although I'm not sure exactly what...but it was melt in your mouth juicy. Also the breakfast quesadilla was superb as was the side of peppered bacon. We also got a couple of lunch items, the steak sandwich and the burger...yikes; tasty, tasty, tasty. It was all very fresh tasting, and knowing that everything is locally grown added a nice touch. Oh yeah...MACAROONS...pretty flippin tasty. We tried the caramel, vanilla, then chocolate mint one...they were all unique and worth trying. We loved this place...our fingers are officially crossed that they open one up a little closer by in the northern Scottsdale area...good shit! 4.25/5.
5	Shivers. I got the fa-reaking shivers eating here, it was so good.   Clean, delicious, original, simple - Fucking awesome.   Whats a Macaron? It's an edible version of Megan Fox, that's what it is. Shut it, buy one and trust me.
4	Today was my first trip to Essence. I've had their famous macaroons at Old Town Farmer's Market, and while I think calling them macaroons is misleading to a gal who's used to a sticky stack of coconut, they are like crack.There was a line out the door.  Luckily, a few of the patrons waiting in line mentioned they were waiting solely to pick up also famous croissants that were well publicized last weekend.  So after a few false starts (I walked in and asked if I had to wait in line to order, and was told yes) another employee handing out something that looked like donut-holes (I didn't get one) told me I could go to the second register and place my order for breakfast. So after 15 or so confusing minutes, we had our order placed very quickly and were seated - all eight of us - in their pretty small space.Our food took quite awhile to come out, but it was hot, and servers were very pleasant (and nice to our kids).  Although I had had no expectations, I was quite happy with my single latte.  Breakfast sandwiches were good quality, good ingredients, Dubliner, peppered bacon, Tim's ham, but not inspiring. Two people in our party ordered the french toast and a few gave them rave reviews.  Another didn't care for the banana peanut syrup.  (I agreed that I'd rather try it on chicken.)  My vegan, allergic to lots of stuff niece, loved hot her breakfast cereal with organic soy milk, pecans and fresh fruit.  Mom had the eggs and sausage, and gave it a solid thumbs up.  They use great ingredients here, and it shows.  I wouldn't say there was anything mind blowing that we had on the breakfast menu.  We didn't experience anything for breakfast that measures up to the crack-like, cult status of the macaroon and croissant, but I'll definitely be back.  I think for lunch next time.Also, you  might avoid this place for the next week or so until the croissant hype dies off a bit.  We told two different parties that were about to leave, that they didn't have to stand in line for breakfast.  We also couldn't order croissants since we were sitting and eating, and not standing in line. That was a bummer.
4	Macaron fans in the Valley don't have many options, but all you really need is one great place, and fortunately we have Essence Bakery. I can't say they make the perfect macaron--a little too heavy on the filling and not as thick and pillowy on the meringue part, for my liking--but they're a knockout nonetheless. They're reasonably priced for their size and come in a variety of flavors...the caramel is especially fantastic!
2	I arrived here with recommendation from a clOse friend who has very high standards...but apparently mine are higher, haha who knew! the menu here is so limited for vegetarians...and if ur vegan, forget about it! your looking at a salad, if that! I was hoping for at least some fresh fruit...or maybe the tomatoe soup would be vegetable based, right..? not even. tomato soup made with chicken broth...wtf? another disappointment, wawa! the counter service was completely unaware as well...and tried to sell me toast with jam when I asked if they had fruit. seriously, people...this is more of a laugh than a complaint, p.s.
5	I decided to visit this place after reading about the owner in an article in the Arizona Republic. In my old job a coworker who sat next to me always brought in chocolate croissants for breakfast to share with me (from Albertson's bakery). This is how I got hooked on them. Then after several trips to Paris and enjoying the chocolate croissants there it was hard to go back to Albertson's chocolate croissants (last time I checked, however, Albertson's no longer makes chocolate croissants anymore). Anyway, my worries are now over as this is the best croissant I have ever had. Right here in the valley. My husband and I stopped by the other day and got the chocolate croissants while they were still warm. As we were driving away we decided we had to have more and turned around and went back for more. On our second stop we also purchased the Raspberry/Rose macaroon and, this too, was the best I've ever had. I haven't had any of their sandwiches or salads as of yet, but I will be going back for more croissants and macaroons for sure.
4	Croissant my love, how I adore you.Croissants are my favorite breakfast staple.  I've had them everywhere but none as great as the ones at Essence.  I live for these, I dream about them, and since I discovered Essence I have to have them on a weekly basis.  From what I've heard, the chef (God bless her) has this special fatty butter shipped from France to make these criossants.  I don't know if that's true or some story my mind has concocted to find reasons to buy more.  Either way, I'm hooked.  The perfectly crisp crust on the outside an the airy inside make it the superb balace of yin and yang that all other croissanteers have failed to grasp.
5	Campus Flowers loves, loves, loves the chocolate croissants!! Bought 2 while out delivering flowers and had them both eaten in a matter of minutes.... been there once for lunch and had a great sandwich too.  Only drawback is that it gets so busy during lunch that the line is usually to the door (and then they run out of those awesome choc. croissants)!!
5	Yes, the macaroons are to die for. And yes, we love that it's locally grown and super-fresh - always. And, of course, the people there are welcoming and really nice to us and give great service. And it's even terribly convenient to get to.BUT HAVE YOU TRIED THAT BURGER??For us happy carnivores, a small slice of heaven.
5	The food and interactions at Essence are always a treat!  Rarely do I find local organic foods, clean ingredients, no antibiotics and hormone free meats at local lunch places in AZ.  There's always a variety of specials for the week.  The bakery is outstanding.  Had the milk chocolate  and mocha mousse cup drizzled with caramel sauce and couldn't believe the textures and tastes. And that's how it always is at Essence.  The space can be a bit crowded and noisy.  Wish the space could be a bit more relaxing.  Service has been on the slow side at times, but not do to lack of effort and they are always trying something new to make service flow faster and easier.  The owner's effort, dedication, daily involvement makes this a place you shouldn't pass up!
5	I have a crush and I'm not afraid to admit it -- so here it goes. Dear Essence Bakery, I think you and I make a great team and we should never be apart. Please check yes or no if you feel the same way. As you can tell, I have a soft spot for Essence Bakery and it stems back to a random drive-by encounter during my days of working in that area and searching for a local delicious dining experience. I tried their lunch menu, I fell in love and I've been stalking them ever since. Just today, I had the perfect excuse to visit Essence for breakfast. While I've enjoyed their lunch items many times, I'd never tried breakfast and man, I had no idea what I was missing. I started my eating binge with an Iced Mocha. Do you like chocolate? I do. And I liked this iced coffee. It was like a chocolate milkshake meets a quick hit of caffeine to my brain all while overflowing with coffee awesomeness. Then, it was time to order breakfast. After asking our the wonderful staffer, John, what to order...he said the croissants were heaven in your mouth and comparable to the Parisian delicacy itself, so I obviously had to see if it lived up to the hype. I ordered the egg sandwich on a croissant (ps my waistline hates me after this meal). Verdict? I don't even have words to describe the deliciousness. The croissant melted in my mouth and after I finished, I wish I could start all over again. So just when you think my calorie binge is over, I was told I had to leave with a box of the macaroon sample pack. Have you ever had a macaroon? If not, let me explain...it's two cookies with a creme like mixture in the middle. It is soft and chewy and yummy. These were some of the best macaroons I had which is bad news because now I want them every day. They have macaroons of every shape and size...aka mini and big. I suggest the big macaroon because it's just that good! So when you can't find me, look for me at Essence Bakery because I'll be that girl waiting by the door begging them to open early or stay late.
1	I will NEVER come here again. A friend and I decided to try out this place after all the hype and positive reviews and I was even more excited since I love French pastries but our experience was an awful one.I ordered the Big Breakfast, which by the way is NOT big at all, the scrambled eggs were cold, the sausage was hard and didnt taste like sausage but the potato cake was good. The girl at the counter sure made me feel and look like an idiot when I ordered an iced mocha with soy milk (their sign says soy milk is extra) and she told me that they couldnt put the soy milk in the coffee because of some story about how the coffee was already made blah blah, then WHY do you offer soy milk as an option for your drinks?When my friend ordered her breakfast and coffee she was charged 3.25 for a CUP of soy milk, that was enough for us to decide that this had turned into a sour and awfully expensive breakfast outing. My food came out without toast but with the side of jelly, we then waited and waited and waited until we told a waitress that I was missing my toast and that my friend never got her breakfast, next thing you know the food came out and the poor waitress kept apologizing but it had been someone else's fault not hers, she asked if we wanted to speak to the manager and we said no. The owner did come out to check up on tables but not ours so I asked her why the hell is soy milk offered if they cant make an iced mocha with it and she gave me the same lame story about the coffee being made and wasn't apologetic at all for the fact that my friend was charged 3.25 for the cup of soy milk and I felt like she wrote me off and walked away, the same way I walked away from this place and I WILL never go back.
5	This place had one of the best chocolate croissants I've ever tasted outside of Paris!! Their chocolate is not too sweet and it has just the perfect amount of chocolate instead of one "toothpaste" squeezed shaped roll you usually find in a chocolate croissants here! You have to come early cuz it is really hard to find a place to sit! We were very lucky to find a large table for 6 ppl.  As everyone has been telling us to try their macaroons, they are worth coming for! The texture of the cookie is chewy instead of flaky and crumbly.  I also like the croque Madame!! It's so great they don't put the ham on it..Thank goodness for that!
4	essence /sns/ Show Spelled[es-uhns] -noun1. the basic, real, and invariable nature of a thing or its significant individual feature or features: Freedom is the very essence of our democracy.There are actually five additional dictionary results, but the above is exactly what the word 'essence' in Essence Bakery & Cafe means to me... After hearing about Essence Bakery & Cafe for years, I finally made it in for breakfast a few weeks ago.  And I broke the diet completely by going with the Egg Sandwich on a croissant.  No egg whites here, folks!  I went for the real deal!I devoured my sandwich which included a fried egg with melted Dubliner cheese and tomato.   I washed it down with their Vanilla Iced Coffee.  And I topped it off (a few hours later) with a just sweet enough, delicious pumpkin macaroon!Friendly staff, laid back casual environment, moderate prices, environmental responsibility, and fabulous food; this place is the essence of a local bakery and cafe.  (Did I use 'essence' correctly in that sentence? I hope so!)
4	Everything said before me is true.The good the bad and the ...not so bad.God i would be so more than willing to bump this up to 5 stars,IFthey opened their doors on Sun!C'MON!everytime I awake on a sunday, I salivate at the thought of essence, and then thrash in my bed and beat my pillows as my dog stares confused because he has no idea Essence is closed on SundayThis place is so awesome just pleaseconsider those of us who arent forced to attend church services on sunday, and open your doors so we can have goddamned breakfast!
4	When i first stumbled upon this bakery it was during my lunch hour and i was getting bored with my usual selections at Sack's next door, so, i decided to give it a try after reading a review of Essence on the Chowbella blog. Anywho, I was saddened that they no longer had any croissants and only a few macarons left, so, I ordered a Quiche Lorraine along with a side order of the Spanakopita. I guess I was in true hunger mode, and the smells wafting through the air of the baked goodies along with the lingering scent of the already gone croissants were making my tummy rumble far more than usual. So, maybe I had an expectation that the price I paid for a Quiche Lorraine at $7.95 would be satisfying to match my hungriness. Sadly this was not the case instead the Quiche turned out quite petit and somehow the portions were really meant for a light lunch. My first visit was marred by my expectations of the food and although quite good in itself with taste and quality ingredients it took awhile for me to come in for another visit until this morning. When Phoenix New Times, yelpers, and other food enthusiasts have simply raved about the croissants (both plain and chocolate), you know... you just have to try it at least once. And I will tell you... yes... these croissants are close to perfect. so light, flaky, buttered goodness! I am not a croissant connosieur at all not even close simply due to the fact that I am more of a pastry fan and would rather have cake, or some stuffed cheese pastry moreso than a croissant but sometimes the hankering gets me that I need a cafe au lait with a croissant. Any maybe I have a bias with my other croissant love at P. Croissant in South Tempe but believe you me... these croissants are heavenly. They are so scrumptious and buttery, that every bite seems to have a layer of lightly buttered deliciousness, and it messes with your senses of how good this is. So, if you have time before work, stop by for a croissant and a cafe au lait, or enjoy saturday brunch at this wholesome bakery. it's worth it, and Essence, thank you for your perfect croissants. i'm in love.
5	The rating is for their macarons.  Finally made it to the bakery when they were open.  Bought the package of mini macarons so that I could try a selection of flavors.  Oh, they are little pieces of heaven...  You must eat them slowly and enjoy the experience.  The raspberry with the filing that is flavored with rose petal essence are my favorite.
5	Of course, they are no La Madeliene, but if you are looking for some good croissants, this is the place to be. I love, love, love their croissants. But which bakery's croissants do I not love? hmm... But I do love theirs. I have had the almond croissant, the almond and chocolate croissant and finally today when we went there, I had the chocolate croissant. It was just freaking amazing. That's all I can say. (They run out of the chocolate almond croissants pretty quickly so go early if you want some)I have also had lunch here before, some Mediterranean sandwich stuff. The portion is very small compared to the price. Their macaroons look crazy and funky. Have not tried them yet but plan on doing so next time. I almost gave them 4 stars because their hours they are open are very weird. But its okay, I will compromise Essence Bakery. They only use butter imported from Normandy in their Croissants. Wow.
4	Stopped here for a quick bite while doing errands, and I have to say the treats were way tasty.  I shared a butter croissant, Rose & Raspberry Macaroon and Organic Orange Macaroon with my husband and son.  My favorite was the Rose & Raspberry.  The flavors were paired perfectly... the delicate rose with the tarty raspberry was truly beautiful.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is that the coffee drink I had ( I think it was called a Vanilla Bean Latte?) was WAY too sweet.  I mean, I have a sweet tooth and I did not even want to drink this thing.  It was gross.
3	Nice, cozy cafe.  The Panini sandwch I had was pretty good, but nothing terribly special.  I should go back and get some pastries because they looked mighty tasty.
5	All I can say is try the food.  It is worth the wait.  If you are in a time crunch, call ahead for pick up delivery.  The food is healthy, mostly organic, etc.  The owner is committed to local whenever possible.  You can see her running out of the back kitchen every so often always with a smile.  She seems to love what she does and it shows in her food.  I truly love supporting this restaurant.  They do all the right things for all the right reasons.  The best part is, the food is FABULOUS!  You won't be disappointed!
4	I'm sure I'll be reported to the Yelp police for saying this, but the macaroons don't do it for me here. They are playfully beautiful, but far too sweet for my tastes.  The croissants are really where this place shines. In my opinion the croissants are unmatched! Well, Scratch's chocolate croissant is definitely a contender. They provide Cartel's croissants, which has some of the very best coffee in town!Their variety box of mini-treats are a great value, and make for a wonderful gift for a client or friend.
4	one bright and cheery day I took the world's longest walk from ASU's campus to Essence Bakery I almost gave up and was totally cursing myself for forgetting my bus card... but before I threw in the towl, turned around and ate at the Boston's i finally made it to my destination! The small and easy to overlook Essence Bakery & Cafe is the fresh wholefood mecca of Tempe. Their food is organic, fresh, made purely from scratch and the love taken to make each dish shows! From the start, there is a bakery case that hosts scrumptious macaroons, the green and yellow are my favorite but the pink rose flavored macaroons taste like purfume. Not pleasant at all! I ordered the ham, cheese and jalapeno. on a crisp toasted bread came a creamy, salty classic sandwich that comes with a nice spicy kick. The perfect update to this sometimes ho-hum sammy. I totally dug the new spin but I would add some hot sauce on the bread! I also had iced tea and was surprised by all  the sweeteners, every tea sweetener imaginable was on this small table with ice and water. They had stevia, the blue stuff, the pink stuff, the yellow stuff, the refined stuff, the granulated stuff, the stuff in the raw and my favorite: agave nectar!I sat down on the only available table and I realized that there was NO room in this small little place! The tables were all shoved against the walls, the chairs were uncomfortable and NOT fat girl friendly! Not cool! I squished and squirmed to fit in a chair and I didn't really enjoy eaiting inside. I think next time i'll avoid the pink macaroons that taste like perfume and I will also try the patio seat!!
4	Learned about this place from AZ Republic a few weeks ago. Finally went there to try the Chocolate Croissants and Almond Croissants with my wife. Fabulous, flaky and flavorful! Definitely will go back and try some breakfast and lunch there.
4	Essence has the best macarons I've ever had! The caramel cream is to die for! Well worth a trip to college town Tempe. The only draw back is the price range..though it won't burn too large a hole in your wallet!
3	I'm all about local food and gourmet ingredients and unique dishes, but I really feel like the atmosphere should be on the same par with the food.  I felt like this place was mismatched from the Front of the House to the Back of the House.  For the price and the bio of the chef, I assumed this place would have table service at least.My food was fine, but I enjoy the whole "experience" when I go out.  I just don't feel like Essence is quite there yet.  Awesome macaroons though, definitely give them a try...just expect VERY sweet.
4	-Parking was semi-convenient (lot was almost full during peak lunch hour).-Outside and inside seating. -Inside seating was LOUD from all the various conversations within the small restaurant.-Place your order at the counter, they give you a number table tent, and bring your food to you.-Sandwich was REALLY good! Side salad of mixed greens was the BEST I have ever had! Justified the price ($8.25).-Order took maybe 20 minutes to receive (not good if you have a certain amount of time for lunch).-Chocolate Macaron was delicious! I would had ordered more to-go, but at $2.95 each, this could get expensive. -Clean restroom.-I would eat here again!
4	In my opinion, there is nothing better than a delicious salad chock-full of a combination of fruit, nut and cheese.  The Organic Spinach and Cranberry salad with chicken is pretty much the stuff dreams are made of (well, delicious salad dreams at least).  The salad is so flavorful that you hardly even need to use the dressing.  I could eat this salad every day, but, alas, its quite pricey at nearly $12.00
4	LOOOOVE the macaroons.  Kinda pricy though, but do appreciate the local produce fused with european fare
4	Having been here a few times, I'm definitely between "Yay! I'm a fan." and "A-OK".Dessert: Really good.Croissants: Fairly good.Coffee: Needs help.I've enjoyed every dessert I've had here.The croissants are usually good, but a few times the dough has tasted decidedly pasta-like and not so fluffy.The coffee really lets down the noms. I prefer to get my coffee over at Cartel down the street and bring it with me or vice-versa.
5	Love this place!  The chocolate croissants are to die for!  I've eaten there for breakfast twice and had the croque madam and the crepes.  Both were delicious.  It can get super busy inside and there are only so many places to sit so beware for that.  The service can be slow at times, but it's definitely worth it.  Will be back.
4	One of the things I miss most about Europe is the patisserie.  A place you can go when you have that insatiable craving for sweets - pastries, cakes, cookies, and more.Essence bakery is one of those places.  Although the main staple here is the macaroon, you can find chocolate croissants, baked apples stuffed with brown sugar and cinnamon, creamy cakes, and decadent cookies such as the chocolate fudge truffle.  Disappointing is the abscence of fresh baked loaves of bread, as can be typically found in a bakery.But it isn't just a patisserie.  An indulgent and fresh breakfast and lunch menu make this a wonderful spot for meeting friends and chatting over a croque-monsieur.   With locally grown ingredients, the breakfast menu has everything the discerning palate could want.  The french crepes ($6.95) with ham and gruyere will have you feeling like Julia Child.  Finish that with an epicurean almond croissant, and you will be saying "mon dieu!"For lunch, expect the not so typical salads and sandwhiches, as you will also have a choice of Quiche Lorraine, Spanakopita, and hot sandwhiches such as the Ham and Cheese with Jalapeno Croque. Essence also does a delectable spin on the grilled cheese with brioche, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and organic basil (hot and delicious for $7.25)Overall, a delightful little spot - but I am disappointed with the small selection of pastries, as well as the lack of fresh baked bread for sale.
4	Everyone raves about the macarons.  Which are delicious (if a little sweet) but I rave about the croissants.  In particular the almond croissants.  No matter what the time of day, if you can pop into this very charming cafe and grab something from the counter you definately should.  The macarons are great with a good coffee otherwise check out any number of their other baked goods.
4	This place is great. The sandwiches, salads and soups are all yummy, but it's the macarons that keep me coming back for more. I've tried just about all the macaron flavors, and caramel is by far the best. It's so rich and indulgent; the cream filling is buttery, savory and sweet at the same time.They can get very crowded, especially at lunchtime. You may have to wait for a table, and don't expect to have a quiet, intimate conversation.
1	Place got great reviews on Yelp, so we stopped in on our way to work one morning.  Service was slow.  The food took so long to make (over 30 minutes) we had to have then pack our sandwiches to go!  They were sandwiches and salads!!  Why the hell did it take 30+Finally upon eating, I was still confused, why is this place so good?  I would rater get a Panera Bread sandwich, or go somewhere else than stop back in here.  Sorry, friendly service can't help cover up a slow prep/delivery time and mediocre food.
4	Where the heck was this when I was in college?? All I got was some lame Ethiopian joint in this building...dumb.Anyway, went in here after lunch today with a sweet tooth. I'm not exactly a decision person, so I went with the little box of sampler goodness. Cookies were good, not excellent, but good. macarons are amazing. I tried lemon and coffee/mocha/espresso--delish!Coffee, very good quality dark roast. Plus for the recycled containers and sweet service.I will try actual lunch on the next visit. It looked good from all of the plates I passed on my way out the door. Ma'am, I'm sorry I got so close, I like food, I'm not a creeper.
3	I really dig this place, they have a great hummus plate, super tasty egg sammich and the coffee is always hot and good and ready to go. I like the atmosphere the most, it's clean yet cozy, intimate yet always buzzing with people coming and going, I love sitting out on the patio and watching people and cars go by. For the critiques, I'd definitely say they could fill out their menu some more, there aren't very many things to try (meal wise) and what they do have is kind of basic and redundant. The prices kick me in the head every time I go in, and I really do expect more for how much I'm paying here. If they had more variety I suppose it wouldn't bother me as much but the selection is pretty sparse and if it wasn't as convenient and the atmosphere wasn't as great I don't think I would go here as often. That being said, I'm sure I'll be back again so I'm giving them 3 stars.
2	Only stopped in to try a macaron. No reason to go back. Waste of money, even if the people are super nice.I love macarons; Laduree and Maidon du Chocolat have some of my favorite flavors. I have been fortunate enough to eat them in France regularly since i was very young.  Ever since I moved to Arizona, I have been craving one again. I heard this place was good. The macaron was not good. Not even for cake or cookie standards. It was too dense, not crispy enough on the outside, and thick instead of fluffy on the inside. The ganache was like fondant, it was so thick! In fact, I couldn't help but make a face through the first few bites, and had to throw it out. I tried the chocolate, mint chocolate, vanilla, and lemon: similar results. If I am in the mood for a dense cake, I will buy a cake for cheaper. In addition, drink menu advertises soy milk for an extra $0.60 but when I asked only one drink could actually be made with soy milk. Extra star because the staff was amazingly nice and I almost felt bad for how disappointing the food was.
3	Went here with a friend for lunch today to escape the confines of gray cubicle city. We both got the special - ham and brie with peach(I think) marmalade on herb focaccia. It was pretty tasty! It came with a small cup of wild rice and mushroom soup that was pretty bland. Even salt and pepper couldn't save it for me. I got a caramel macaron, it was good but SO rich. I don't have a lot of experience with macarons but judging from Essence, I enjoy nibbling on one :]The staff was fine - not super friendly but they did their job! I give Essence a solid 3 stars. I like that it uses local and organic ingredients, and they make a decent sandwich!
4	Hmmmm.... I wanted to give them a 3 stars after trying the much-raved-about and so-called best macarons in Phoenix; however I had an affair to remember with a different pastry of theirs - - their Almond Croissant. I know that so many of you love their macarons by reading your reviews, but for me I was let down. First of all they only had two sizes - - ginormous for $3.00 or itsy-bitsy-teeny weeny ones which appear to be only part of a 1/2 dozen or dozen. So obviously I bought the larger one. :) I totally have a sweet tooth, and of course any cookie is better than no cookie - - but I found their macarons to be incredibly, overwhelmingly sweet. Nearly too sweet for me. Maybe i got the wrong kind? But at $3.00 a pop, dang - it's not like I'm gonna buy a bunch. In France the macarons are more in between the two sizes here. And that was nice, because then you can try different flavors. The issue here with a larger cookie - -you're really committed to that flavor. So my search for the best macaron in Phoenix continues....And I actually came back again to this bakery, cause I wanted to try the Almond Croissant. Oh. my. god! Now this..... this is why they get 4 stars!! The almond croissant was amazing. Expensive at $2.95/ea.... but for an occasional treat, it's amazing. Delicate, savory croissant...sprinkled with powdered sugar and almonds on top.... and absolutely wonderful, heavenly almond paste inside. Yummm.... now I want one!The restaurant is closed on Sundays... and was rather loud and busy during lunch time. Fortunately I was able to grab a croissant and go. :)
3	I'll probably ruffle a few feathers amongst the Yelp community but I've been enough time to offer an opinion.  I applaud the mission and idea of Essence.  We need more of these places.  But every dish that I've gotten has been just slightly above average.  Granted there is still more menu to explore but the higher prices don't justify the risk.  I hate the feeling of coming to this place, looking at my dish, looking at my wallet, looking across the street at the dreaded Starbucks and thinking, "I would have saved a few bucks and gotten a better breakfast over there."
3	I went here with a friend a few weeks ago (when AZ was in it's cold snap), they don't have a very big interior, a lot of people were crammed inside since it was so cold outside. We were forced to sit outside and we wished they had vinyl flaps to block the wind and an outside heater in the patio area. It was nice but really, really, really cold... The staff is friendly though, and they're helpful. The pricing on things are too high for me, with the food that we received it wasn't worth the $$ we paid (it was the, "I could make this at home and make it ten times more better looking and filling." quote).Trying to avoid the college town lunch traffic is really hard, even if they're about to close an hour before it does, seats get taken quickly so watch out for that. They also chase off bums if they come up to panhandle their costumers which was nice... and a bit unnerving I have to admit lol.Their macaroons are good, so if you're going to Essence, I say just order the macaroons and leave, it was actually the only worth while bakery good that I thought the price did it justice!Last bit of advice: Don't bring your children. Please don't. There's not enough space for them to run around going crazy and the place is more suited to adults than someone under the age of 16.
4	Went to empty bowls today in Tempe and then had lunch with a good friend at Essence Bakery.  I have lunched here several times and really enjoy.  Today it was the tomato and mozzarella and my friend had the spinach  but were excellent and the portion was just right.  this place is tiny and a little chaotic as a result, but the food makes up for it and then of course there are the macaroons--all colors and flavors--and if you can't decide which one you want--you can get a sampler set.
4	Just the smell of the bakery when you walk in makes your mouth water and aim for the counters.   I have passed by too many times and finally had stopped in after the Tempe Heart Walk.  The restaurant was packed with lunch-goers.  I am glad that they actually have a to-go line.  The menu offers breakfast, lunch, and pastries, but it's the pastries I'm after today.  I went straight for their famous macarons.   The vanilla bean macaron was so delightful.  The texture was light and creamy. The macaron wasn't enough so I had ordered the Small Box of Treats (mini macaron, strawberry tart, key lime tart, and a cookie), almond croissant, and a brioche roll.  After opening the boxes and bags, I completely forgot to take any photos.  Who can blame me?  I will need to return to try their crepes and other desserts.
3	I am a little disappointed,  I drove all the way to Essence to try the Macarons.  I have been to France several times, and being a pastry and sweets lover, I would stop by several Patisseries and stock up with goodies for my train ride.  The macarons at Essence seem a little too chewy, maybe because they have so much sugar.  A macaron is basically eggs whites, ground almonds and sugar.  If there is too much sugar, it is not going to be as crispy and flaky.  They also seem to have too much cream in the middle.  I had the caramel and the vanilla.  My husband had the chocolate and the mocha.  From the 4 choices, vanilla was by far the best.  The chocolate was go sticky and chewy, even my husband couldn't finish it, and he doesn't usually leave a dessert.  Maybe this is good for my waist line.
4	The food here is fantastic and a refreshing change from the standard AZ fare.  Interesting, healthy salads, sandwiches and soups, plus delicious baked goods.  The owners and staff are friendly and helpful.
1	I have just left Cafe Essence from one of the worst experiences at a restaurant.  After waiting nearly an hour in the crowded, noisy and small dining area where people mill about like vultures for your table.  My food arrived.  As a vegetarian a giant lump of sausage was not appetizing.  My husband spoke to the manager who handed him the plate of food that was correct.  At that point I requested a simple bowl of granola as the previous plate was highly unappetizing.  The manager refused and kept pushing the plate at my husband.  She was incredibly rude asserting that I should just take the plate and that I had no right to change my order to something $3 cheaper just because *gasp* it was meat!  I don't wantto get into a philosophical debate as it's not a persons place to judge my choices, especially someone I am paying to make my food.  But she had no right to make those assumptions.  So thank you Cafe Essence for judging me, refusing to make it right and still providing horrific service despite this mess.  This review would have still been poor despite your lack of caring for your customer.  I have been able to send food back at Denny's with no questions asked.  But Cafe Essence is so high on it's horse that even with their own mistakes they'll still argue that YOU are in the wrong.  Their food is not good enough to be put down and degraded in front of other customers.  Take your business elsewhere.
4	Delicious place for a casual breakfast.  The French crepes are amazing and they have a nice selection of organic tea!  Definitely check out this place if you are in this part of town!
4	This review is based solely on their entry into Caramelpalooza last Friday. The made the most delectable caramel macaron. So tasty! I had a hard time not gobbling the whole thing in one bite! I'm a fan. :c)
5	Superb French pastries. Excellent croissants. Get the Almond or Almond/Raisin Croissants. Good macarons....Not Macaroons....lol...there is a difference...look it up....Rustic fruit tarts are superb. This place could stand alone anywhere...NY, Chicago, etc. We are very lucky to have this in the Phoenix area.
4	Raspberry Rose Macaroon, How I love thee!!!Never disappointed.  Attempt to try something new everytime that I visit.  Croque Madame, soups, mashed potato cake, sandwiches, baked goods all fabulous.
5	Great food, great macaroons. The wait can be nuts at lunch, this isn't a in-and-out place. There is a Burger King down the road if you can't handle the wait, but you would be missing out. The turkey club is my favorite sandwich here. Try all the macaroons, the minis are good to take back to work.
5	This place rocks, plain and simple. These people know what they're doing. They have a special that I love -  a croissant stuffed with rosemary lemon chicken with some sauce and OMG, it is delicious. It came with a spring mix side salad with feta and a yummy housemade vinaigrette. I wish it was a regular dish because I've been thinking about it for the past two months. The macaroons are 3 bucks a piece, but they are worth it. I've tried almost all of them and the best ones are raspberry rose and caramel - buttery and oh so good.
3	I really wanted to like this place.  A restaurant that emphasizes quality and is an independent business gets props from me.I was introduced to this place by some friends who loved their macaroons and brought some to a party.  I tried them out, and wasn't impressed.  Granted, it was the first time I've ever had them, but that didn't change the fact that I didn't care for them.  I wanted to give them another try, so the next time, I went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The place as pretty busy but at least parking wasn't a problem.  I had a sandwich w/a side salad and was again unimpressed.  The food tasted quite mediocre but the price was high.  A few months later, I decided to drop by for breakfast.  The almond croissant was a bit pricey, but it was very good and worth it.  I now only go there for the stuffed almond croissants.  Service on all occasions was satisfactory.
5	Environmentally responsible french eatery. Slo-food (regionally sourced ingredients), and the pastries are great also. Relaxing vibe, patio seating if you bring your dog. Always a treat to eat here. I regularly order the Croc Monseur, but had the special today which was equally delicious. This place is about high quality and sustainability, not size, if you are looking for flavorless monstrous portions this is not that place. I dont always fit the pastries and macaroons into my diet, but when I do they never let me down!
4	Have been here for both breakfast on lunch.  Breakfast on the occasional day when I am telecommuting and lunch with collegues when I have meetings in Tempe.  The food at both breakfast and lunch, to me, is excellent.  The slow-food, fresh, local, organic, environmental considerations are all mindful and Essence does it well.  Breakfast is usually quiet and calm, peacful, lovely.  Their coffee is the bomb!  Lunch is always busy and so can be somewhat cramped and loud.  Loud/busyness isn't always the end of the world, but FYI as needed.  I believe you can call ahead and get it to-go.I find the macaroons to be delicious.  They sell both full size and mini's, the mini's I have given as thank you gifts.  The macaroons are available for shipping.  I hope to send some out around the holidays.  I've added this to my "Visiting Phoenix" list because I think it's a nice local place that visitors may not otherwise know about.
4	This place is really good.  The owner was recently named pastry chef extraordinaire and inducted into the Arizona Culinary Hall of Fame.  My friend and I decided to drive down and check them out.I had the quiche Lorraine which came with a side of fruit.  The eggy, center part of the quiche was delicious and the crust was perfect.I also couldn't pass up trying the chocolate croissant.  Definitely a delicious, light and flaky work of art.Yummy, I wish I lived closer!
4	I've really only tried to chicken lemon basil sandwich....its delish!  Fresh, light but filling. The macaron's are absolutely delightful!  Salted caramel is by far my fav!  But the other flavors are worth trying as well, pumpkin would come in second......Don't go during lunch on the weekdays....crazy crowded!
4	The food is above par and the coffee is great, but the hours suck. Overall, I really enjoy Essence; but I would enjoy it more if prices were a little lower, and they were open (much) later.
4	What a great place to have breakfast or lunch!  Locally owned and operated. They utilize fresh local ingredients. The chicken sandwich on whole grain bread with lettuce and bacon was seriously good!Great location & it draws a lot of business.  We'll be going back to try the breakfast next.
5	Still five stars, but just wanted to add a little update.  I recently found out that I have some gluten sensitivities.  So, I have been trying to eat gluten-free, which is easier these days (I think), but there are still some things that I miss, e.g., yummy, chewy, soft, french bread.  :(However, I would like to happily report that the delicious macaroons at Essence are all gluten free!  And, for those who had said the macaroons were a bit too sweet (I admit I was one of them), I recommend you give them another try.  Either my taste buds have changed or they have modified their recipe.  Don't get me wrong, the macaroons are still sweet.  But, I no longer think they are too sweet.  They were just sweet enough.  Now, if only Essence would be willing to offer at least one gluten-free bread alternative so I can enjoy their burgers and sandwiches again.  It is so difficult to find yummy gluten free bread...that is neither greasy when you toast it nor thick and cardboard-y  (although Chompie's gluten free rolls comes somewhat close).
5	WooHoo is right!!! This place features locally sourced items on the menu and you can taste the difference in the food. I went in for breakfast. You order at the counter then, good luck finding a seat... I had the Quiche Loraine with fresh fruit. AMAZING! I absolutely loved it. It was the perfect amount of food without weighing you down for the rest of the day. I had the chance to taste their Hollandaise sauce from the eggs Benedict special and it was the best I have ever had pass my lips (sorry mom). If you need a big greasy hangover breakfast (we all do sometimes) this is not the place to go. If you are looking for a healthy lighter breakfast option this is the spot!
4	I've been in Essence many times for lunch but never before had I tried the playfully colorful macaroons. I think it's the screamingly artificial colors that have put me off in the past. Since I was there for a friend's birthday, we had to try one. I'm pretty sure there is one word to describe that caramel macaroon...GLORIOUS. Everything from the texture to the sweet, cream flavor was perfect. I highly recommend trying one of these if you haven't yet. I also had the open faced steak sandwich with blue cheese. It had a lot of great flavors going on but the meat was too well cooked for my taste and the blue cheese did overpower the meat a bit. It was delicious nonetheless.
4	Was here once before when I visited the area. The food is healthy and organic. It's a great lunch place and it gets really crowded. It's quick, fresh, and delicious. I have had the chicken salad sandwich with a side salad. It's so satisfying without feeling guilty. The chicken salad is creamy and sweet. The salad is a simple spring green and nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. The owners here are so friendly. There is a patio and just a place that makes you feel good.
4	Yum! We went here for breakfast, and it was delicious. I think I liked the fact that it was somewhat European style, in that the focus was mainly on pastries/breads and cheese. Again I say it: yum. It was a little hard to find a table at the time we went, but it wasn't too big of a deal. I only wish there was a place like this in Tucson!
3	There's a lot to like about Essence:The food here is really good.  Sometimes the portions are a bit small, but the taste is always there.  Same thing goes for their coffee, too, always fantastic and a great way to wake up... a little caffeine buzz balanced out with a breakfast bagel.  MMMM!  Their macaroons are really fucking good, too.  I like the tiny ones.  I like miniature things, I dunno.  I like tiny chickens.  I like itty-bitty little cars.  If I could get away with it, I would shrink myself to be about 8 inches tall... but I read a Bukoswki story that made me change my mind.I don't come here as much as I'd like to because the place is always so over-crowded it's a pain in the ass.  That means they're doing well and I'm glad that they are, but sometimes I like to eat in peace.  Essence is always humming with thirty different conversations going on and clanking plates and clinking dishes.  It's not a very comfy place if you've been out drinking the night before.As I said before, depending on what you order, the portions can be a bit small.  I'm fine with that, I think Americans, as a general rule, eat way more than they should and we've been spoiled by such large portions.  So I agree with the portion-sizes here, absolutely, but sometimes it can be a bit expensive if you want a breakfast sandwich.  It's a bit silly to spend close to $10 and get like this small-sized little guy with a single strip of ham.  The food always tastes really good, but it's still overpriced.There's a lot to like and I'm glad that they're around and functioning and doing very well for themselves.  I have a few gripes, I guess.  I desperately want a fantastic breakfast place in Tempe but Essence is overpriced and too goddamn loud, Harlow's gives me diarrhea and... what's left?  IHOP?  Denny's?
2	Apparently, they've instituted a policy of requiring that if you order a drink and sit down to enjoy it, you HAVE to order one of their fat-laden, high calorie pastry as well.  Otherwise, they won't sell you the drink.  Disappointed.
4	I had heard from a friend that the almond chocolate croissants were absolutely delicious, but ran out fast. Luckily, I made it just in time to get the last one, and I was both happy and sad to be eating it. I was happy because the croissant was amazing in every way, but was sad because I was almost done with it. Essence is very quaint and fairly priced. It also smells wonderful, and I loved both the croissant and the chicken sandwich that I ate. The staff was also very friendly and very attentive.
4	The espresso macaroons are DELICIOUS! Probably the best I've had! Love the idea of the place, wish there would be a little more seating because at lunch time it gets pretty cramped. But overall the food is great, fresh and very tasty.
4	Food is top notch and within a good price range for a weekend breakfast.  I dropped a star because it's always so crowded there's usually a line to order your food.  That and they're closed on Sundays.  It's a perfect weekend breakfast, how can you be closed on Sundays?!  But I eat here all the time.
5	Essence, I adore you.  I would not expect you to look the way you do from looking at you on the outside.  But, on the inside?  Precious.I had the Mediterranean Roasted Vegetable sandwich and it was amazing!  Fresh! SUPER filling, and very quick. I will reunite with you again soon.  Promise!
5	AMAZING, AMAZING chocolate croissant.  Got the vanilla bean iced coffee too..I love seeing specks of real vanilla bean floating around.  You must go early for warm chocolate croissants...they go fast.  I am so happy about this place, I need to try it for lunch.
4	Essence is good. REALLY good. REALLY REALLY good. High quality ingredients, and unique dishes that leave you quite satisfied. I usually get their big breakfast, with a potato mash and eggs and bacon and this lovely mushroom mix. It's tasty and light and yummy. The scrambled  eggs are perfectly done with a dollop of dijon mustard and taste nearly perfect. The toast is great, and the preserves go perfectly.I also had the good fortune of trying the quiche for the first time the other day. It was absolutely brilliant. A perfect, buttery, flaky crust. Delicious egg & spinach & baconness. It was everything a quiche should be. The salad that went with was nice, too.Finally, the macaroons are ridiculous. They're a bit pricey, but they're absolutely fantastic and a real treat. Perfectly done, perfectly flavored, delicious.My biggest criticism of Essence is that I always feel like I spent a couple bucks more than I should have. The portions are usually just right, but they can run on the small side, and it's easy to spend $11-$15 on lunch, when all is said and done. The lemonade is great but it's homemade and so doesn't include refills. It's such high quality that I don't mind dropping a few dollars over the $10 range I try to stay in for lunch, and generally it really is just enough food, done perfectly, with great quality ingredients.
4	Almond Croissant!
3	Well, I'd like to rate the place as good the menu looks delish and I bet when my food finally gets here it will be...somebody has to do something about the poor waitresses horrible uniform!! Denim mom jeans with long sleeve white button ups? 1990 NO!!
5	I heart Essence.  Oh the food just speaks for itself.  If you're looking for a casual yet delectable breakfast experience, I would definitely recommend this place.  I've been looking for a good restaurant with French influence and the food really brings me back to Paris.  I'm in love with the pastries here, especially the pecan cookies (is that browned butter I taste?) and the croissants.  This place is a gem!
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!  Eugenia is a genius!  Macarons = amazing.  Croissants = soft, buttery, flaky, delicious goodness.  Iced mocha is one of the best I have ever had.  My only complaint is that this place is not closer to my house or work, but that's probably a good thing because I would weigh 1000 lbs if it was.
5	My favorite breakfast & lunch place, hands down! All the baked goods are fresh, everything is natural and much of it is local. Eugenia, the owner, is there often. She's always pleasant and remembers her regulars. Try her croissants or cake or brioche bread or macaroons or, really, anything in her baked goods case. It's all breathtaking. Her menu items are equally amazing. Portion sizes might seem small, but I never leave wanting. The inside is small, but she's loyal to her location. Go on a day off, order a cup of incredible coffee, buy something sweet while you're waiting for your dish brought to you, and enjoy the variety of people who come and go: elderly with walkers, joggers still in their shorts, small families, college students with laptops, people and their dogs, etc. It's a great place to just hang out and breathe in the sweet fumes of amazing pastry.
5	If I could do anything in life as well as Essence does croissants, I would die a happy woman.  Perfection.
4	Note: this review is only for the macaroonsSo I love macaroons and when I heard that this place had a great selection, I had to go. The main problem is the hours of operation which are very limited in my opinion. And as for the dessert of concern, I tried the mini versions and they were very creamy and delicious without being too sweet. I suggest trying a variety of the minis before purchasing the larger ones. There were many that I choose that were a wonderful surprise compared to the others. Like the strawberry cream one, which I am not a big fan of fruit flavored desserts, but this was surprisingly good.
4	Just fantastic. Small menu, but I have faith that everything is as simple, fresh and stellar as our choices today. We had the Mediterranean Vegetarian Sandwich (maybe too much balsamic dressing, but other than that, really great and interesting) and the Ham/Cheese/Jalapeno sandwich.Also!  The caramel and hazelnut macaroons.  "I don't like sweets, but this is the best pastry I've ever had."I will unquestionably be going back.
3	I completely agree with fellow Yelper Stephanie S. I also went to Essence for a sweet tooth fix and was completely disappointed in the dessert/pastry selection. It seemed like the only items were the macaroons. (Yep, I use the English spelling as opposed to the French spelling.)I decided to go with the tiny sampler box for some variety, but at $6.00 I feel as if I was cheated. Most of the cookies and pastries were "meh, I've experienced better." The macaroon (just one) was by far the best item, but still not worth the price tag. I also got a lemonade and ginger ale to go. The lemonade was good. Not the best lemonade I have ever had, but it did taste better than a lemonade powder mix. The ginger ale is from the Grown Up Soda line... so it's a little weak, ginger-flavor-wise. I do have to say that I like the eco-friendliness of Essence. I really, really want to support any business that uses eco-friendly products and local produse, recycles, and composts waste. However, I think charging extra for an eco-friendly to go cup is lame. Since the biodegradable cup is an extra 50 cents, do I get a 50 cent discount if I bring my own reusable cup?I understand the economics of charging customers for more expensive (biodegradable) products, but a ton of restaurants and shops use those same products with no significant markup to the consumer. Whole Foods uses biodegradable products, recycles, and composts and they offer a discount to their customers for using reusable grocery bags. This business model works. Check out most places in Austin, TX. (Sorry, I will get off my soapbox now)Anyway, Essences looks really cute, so I will go back to try those great looking salads and eat more macaroons.
4	My first experience at Essence was wonderful. Found a spot out on the patio which was great despite the view of the busy street. The people working there were super friendly and the atmosphere was light and fun. Lots of random people chit chatting and enjoying their brunch. A good indicator for sure. Browsing their menu I was excited and ready to try everything. I went with two other people and we ordered their waffle with strawberries special, the egg sandwich and the organic hot breakfast cereal. The hot cereal was out of this world! Don't get me wrong, the egg sandwich and strawberry waffles were fantastic as well but this hot cereal had me begging for more. Fresh fruit strawberries and blueberries, wheat bran, flax meal, wheat germ, raw sugar and soy milk topped off with yogurt and roasted pecans. Yeah, that's right.I know you are on your way to go grab some. Let me know what you think.
4	After reading all the great reviews thought I should try it too!  Nobody said this was a pricey place, although I did look at the menu prior to going but I guess I didn't understand the money sign until I had to pay for my items!!First trip I only bought the croissants.  $2plain and $2.75for chocolate filled.  I was hoping there would be drizzled cholate on the outside too, but no.  They were indeed great, buttery, flaky, tasty....so yum just like everyone gagas about them. (second in line would be Paradise, which acutally has bigger ones.)Second Trip, because I loved the croissants, bought more and then also tried the vanilla iced coffee.  The drink seems to be premade and they served it from a gallon -similar to like water gallon.  It tasted watered down and although there were what seems to be ground vanilla beans, the drink had no hint of vanilla.  The sweetness was actually just right although I have a tendency to add more sugar than normal.  It also lacked ice, which in this case was okay otherwise it would be extremely watered down but it was 112F outside so a cold drink was needed!The menu items looked yummy but when I looked at the prices and the food everyone was eating I decided to get my sandwich from the nearby shop instead, which saved me $3-4 for lunch.I'm giving it a high rating simply for the Croissants and the staff was nice!!
5	Some of the best breakfast food I have ever had. They have a terrific selection to chose from for breakfast AND lunch, as well as a great selection of gourmet cold and hot drinks. The service is ALWAYS consistently friendly and on-point and they even have some vegan breakfast options if you can believe it! In the last 15 months I have traveled to Europe thrice and must admit that Essence's "French Chocolate Croissant" is the best American attempt at the classic French chocolatine I've managed to find outside of France!Keep singing,-Jerron
5	Outstanding!!!The croissants are better than the ones I had in Paris.Enough said!
4	Small cute cafe with delicious food selections. I ordered a sandwich and it was just perfect. The portions are just right, as in you don't feel like you are about to check the box for obesity and have your health insurance sky rocket. The cranberry macadamia (I vaguely remember) was delicious (too distracted by this factor to remember the type of cookie). Great place to stop by on the way to the airport too!
4	Had the breakfast special on 9-17-11:  sausage and biscuit with mushroom gravy and sausage, and two fried eggs.  YUMMY.  With the economy where it is, the dish reflected the smaller portions you would expect for such tasty food at $8.95.  I ate the plate of food, wanted to lick the remaining juices off the plate (managed to restrain myself) and complimented them on the way out, with a Chocolate croissant in my hand.Still really great food, but if you have a huge appetite you might want to order a side dish also, as the portion is fairly small.Just as a reminder to other reviewers, because I'm a friendly guy who likes people to  understand things which I understand:Essence sells M-A-C-A-R-O-N-S.The do not sell MacarOOns.  Only one "O" at the end.
2	Avoid on the weekends!!! Loud and poor service!  We have been to Essence many times and mostly go for the coffee and macaroons, which are amazing. Today was a little different. Went for Saturday brunch at 11:30 and it was packed. I mean standing room only, very uncomfortable packed. Service was poor, cashier noticeably rude. Took 20 minutes to bring an egg sandwich. They have way too many tables crammed into that small space, couldn't even walk through to see if the patio tables were taken. Do we really need that many tables?  I think we will avoid that place during the lunch rush.
4	It is about damn time I stopped in here!!  Any thing you get here will be sinfully delicious.  I decided to go with a box of mini treats ( so I could try a little of several items) 2 macaroons (vanilla and chocolate) and a sticky bun.    The first to be devoured was the sticky bun.  Holy smokes it was a rich delectible brioch swirled with butter caramel, golden raisins and toasted pecans.  It reminded me of a desert my grandmother would make and brought back some wonderful memories.Later that day I tried the chocolate macaroon, this was better than ANY brownie I have ever tasted moist, fudgy, perfectly sweet and delicious.  Excited to try my full size vanilla macaroon, I opted instead to follow it up with the mini macaroon in my mini treat box ( which now had a mini fruit tart, a mexican wedding cookie, a chocolate chocolate chip and a white chocolate macadamia nut mini).  The little tart and both little cookies were lovely but the mexican wedding cookie was the best, most melt in your mouth cookie of this type I have ever experienced, and I have sampled my fair share of these.  So much so that I was looking for an excuse to get married just to order tons of these cookies.  But then I came back to reality and realized I don't have to get married to experience this treat. [WHew thank goodness...!]I was also thrilled to find out that the Oakville Grocery Downtown carries many of their pasteries....*DANGEROUS* as I work across the street.
4	The caramel macaroons here are to die for! That being said, this is a very cute restaurant, though the venue is a tad small! Be prepared to wait for a table if you get there at lunch time but the food is worth it. It's very fresh and mostly local or organic.
4	I went here this past saturday morning and it *almost* lived up to expectations. The BF and I ordered double lattes, which were very tasty, but tiny considering they cost 4$. He got a french almond croissant, which was not as light, flaky, and delicious as I expected from reviews... but it was good. I got a caramel macaron which was delicious... the caramel filling melted in my mouth and was super tasty. The real problem was that I ordered an egg sandwich and we waited a good 30 minutes for it... for real? it is a fried egg on toast with a slice of cheese..... That was pretty crappy, however, the sandwich itself was delicious! Not quite worth the wait.... but enough to make me not incredimad about waiting so long. I would come back, but I would definitely consider the ridiculous wait time before I ordered another hot meal.
4	Friendly staff. Small atmosphere. Nothing to write home about :) They brew their own "house" iced tea. I got the Black. It was very good!Ordered the Grilled Cheese w/tomato, mozzarella (pasturized), and basil. It comes with homemade potato salad or a green salad with vinegarette.. I got the green salad.The sandwich was filling, warm, and "comforting"..but bland. No real zing to any of the ingredients. The salad was very tasty with a potent, tart vinegarette. Sat on the patio next to two very loud, crude, ASU sorority girls, which isn't the bakery's fault ;) All in all a nice lunch.
5	Sometimes I have dreams about their chocolate croissants. So crispy and the chocolate is melty and they are a little salty but perfectly balanced. Ahhhh.
5	Essence Bakery has a cozy atmosphere, friendly and attentive staff, and some of the best macaroons you will ever taste. Their award winning chef never disappoints. My favorite meal is the open faced steak sandwich with blue cheese. It's so tasty! While the inside can be a little loud with so many conversations going on, it is definitely a busy atmosphere and a nice place to go to lose yourself in your meal.
2	Yes, their pastries are amazing. I love their vanilla bean iced coffee, which is a major diet splurge.The egg sandwich is good (though way overpriced). But their other food is hit and miss. Granted, I've only had their veggie options so I'm a bit biased. Overall, the portions are tiny and way overpriced, and  the service is often slow and rude. The owner is nice, as are a couple of the employees, but there are several cashiers who don't even have the manners to say "please" or "thank you"!! Usually I call ahead and pick it up, and when i get there they scramble to put everything together. Today I dropped in without calling, which I will never do again. I ordered, and the cashier said, "$9.75." No "please." No "thank you" for payment. So rude! I sat down and I watched about 5 people who ordered after me get served their meals.When I asked the cashier after 20 minutes, then again after 35 minutes for her to check on my order, she coldly said, "we're backed up," without even checking, without a single apology! Finally I flagged down a polite cook to check on my food, who brought it right out to me at room temperature. Yes, they were slammed, and I can empathize. But why on earth didn't they give me a heads-up when I ordered, or give me an update after 15 minutes, or at the very least, APOLOGIZE? It's extremely upsetting to spend so much time and money at their establishment and be treated like this. Today I got the $9 veg special and they gave me a small salad, a yummy round croissant thing, and a soup the size of a cappuccino. The 3 spoonfuls were delicious, but come ON!! Would it kill them to be a tad more generous?Also, they don't have decent vegetarian options, which is insane considering how proud they are of their organic food. Now they have Vegetarian Tuesdays, which is the only day I eat here because I've tried every veg option and nothing is satisfying:Their meal salads are ok, but lack protein (adding nuts, beans, tofu, or even cheese would make it a meal). The side salad is a joke: a few leaves of lettuce and vinaigrette-- that's it-- no tomato, no onion, no crouton, no cheese, no dressing options -- just lettuce with oil and vinegar. The grilled veggie sandwich is slimy. The Mediterranean platter is greasy. And their grilled cheese sucks-- the mozzarella is like melted plastic (see below). Their hummus plate is served with ample crusty oil-drenched bread but only 2 tablespoons of hummus!  I have a small appetite and eat healthily and I still feel gypped and/or grease-sodden every time. What bothers me more than anything is their holier-than-thou elitist attitude. A few times I've made suggestions and they clearly have zero interest in making improvements. My helpful attitude is always met with an insolent dismissal. Among them: have cheese options for the grilled cheese (they refused), and sell the mini macarons as singles, for those of us who don't like to blow our entire meal calorie count on dessert (they claimed that's too labor intensive... yet, if they sold 3 of them an hour it would pay the hourly wage for an additional employee).  That they're closed evenings and on Sundays, and sometimes for a week or more at a time, is a major negative too. As is their too tiny location and horrific parking situation.I only eat here because there are no other options for organic, locally-farmed food options in the area. If they were in a larger city, or even if they were in a hipper part of this city, they may not survive.
5	I've had lunch here several times and this place has never disappointed me. Do expect a crowd during lunch hours and get there early if you want to eat the daily special. ALWAYS buy a Macaroon to top off your meal, trust me you will enjoy it! The staff is very friendly and they use mostly all local products. This place is truly a jewel in Tempe!
5	Yum! Loved the mediterranean platter - so many great flavors all on one plate. Grab a double chocolate cookie on your way out.
5	We've been coming to Essence since just after they opened, and it is one of those rare gems that has managed to remain true to their vision even as they have become popular.  Weekday mornings, they are busy; Saturday morning, you can barely get through the door at 8:00am...and they still deliver awesome food and service to every customer.  I have NEVER...not ONCE...gotten an incorrect order.  Or a cold plate.  Or something overcooked.  I have never encountered a staff member, usually taking care of ten people simultaneously, who was anything less than charming, friendly, and attentive.  I usually have mixed feelings about tipping at places where you order at the counter; these folks get 20-30% every time, and probably deserve more.The best part of Essence is the food, though...locally sourced and organic ingredients, prepared with a French slant on a variety of cuisines.  How many places can offer you THE BEST BURGER IN TEMPE and follow that with an authentic French macaron (which is better, by an order of magnitude, than the shop that won Best of Paris 2009!)?  The food selection is wide, with a short menu each day full of incredible selections.  Always check the bakery case for the day's specials (bottom shelf), and chances are any of them will blow your mind.  Regulars also know that if you get there early enough, you can snag a French chocolate almond croissant.  Think you know croissants?  Think again.
4	Four stars for their macaroons!  I wish I would have tried it before I left as I would have bought more!  I got one of their seasonal pumpkin ones to-go and it was absolutely amazing.I was however, a little disappointed in the club sandwich and potato salad.  Nothing was terrible about either, but nothing about it stood out as tasty.  Hopefully their other menu items are better.Also, the atmosphere was not what I expected.  I've been reading about this place for a long time and everyone seems to love it.  But the inside and outside wasn't someplace I would choose to sit and catch up with friends.I'm sure I will be back to try other flavors of their macaroons though!
3	Found this place on yelp for a solid 4 star review on everything including macarons. So I figured that this place would suit my needs, so I got a box.Got a box of 12 for $16.50. That's very cheap for what I'm used to, so if you do a cost basis analysis, you get a macaron for a $1.38 each. Came with expresso, lemon, sugar, chocolate mint, vanilla bean, strawberry, salted caramel and a few more. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UBQRhqRMW4Sk7kSZvZ1iAQ?select=42GCmoq88EjQRZvLeRTiVgThey bake the macarons on a daily basis and you can tell from the freshness on each bite of the macarons.Who would of thought that Phoenix of all places would make some decent macarons?!?
5	we've been "trying" to catch this place for a while. if we go out for breakfast, it's usually on a sunday, and by the time we realized that essence bakery isn't open on sundays, we are forced to head back to one of our old standbys. well today, i got a bug up butt and drove over to check out the place. it was open! yay! (saturday, of course). the line was out the door for table service, but luckily, they have a "to-go" counter for pastries and i waited a staggering 1 minute. there was less to choose from the bakery display than i had expected, however.....after tasting, i can see why. holy moly, the croissant....i could have eaten a dozen. it flaked and melted in my mouth with it's cruncy, sweet/salty, buttery softness. then on to the huckleberry tart with creme fraiche (i think) which was equally mouth boggling, but my favorite was the chocolate almond croissant. i don't use this phrase often but OMG! so, so, so good. a quick zap in the microwave and the chocolate was all melty and gooey and just, just, just.....well, you get it. again, they aren't open on sundays, and only to 3pm the other days. so get your plans in order before heading over.
5	First time going here was over the weekend and I can't believe I've never been before. I've had the macarons at the local farmers market and heard the review and it's all amazing. Actually, this place is better than the hype and blew my mind. Went for breakfast and will definitely go back for lunch some time. Mind you, hours are only till 3 pm and they serve breakfast and lunch only. If you find some other pastries you want (and you will), you can order them ahead. My only complaint was the wait staff did not clear tables or keep the dining area tidy. I know it was busy and the place is small, but that kind of makes it worse. Food was spectacular enough for me to overlook this minor issue and still give it a 5. What does that tell you?
5	Essence Bakery has the BEST macarons in town! Yummy~The establishment itself is pretty cozy and the servers are always friendly.  Their menu is stocked full of feel-goof cuisine that leaves you content.  If you're starving, I wouldn't recommend this place only because the portions are modest.  The food is always tasty and I love their potato salad!But really, I recommend this place for their macarons alone.
4	My husband came home with buttery croissants, a chocolate almond croissant, and a huckelberry tart with creme fraiche. What is it about pastries that just make you happy? Minus the guilt later of course for eating that as opposed to some broccoli? Either way, all three items were amazing. If you're going to splurge do it with something worthwhile!!!
5	AMAZING.  On my first visit here, I tried one of the macaroons.  After all, that's what they're known for!  The vanilla bean is THE best.  Well, I've only tried three flavors, but if there's one flavor that you can't get sick of, it's the simple vanilla flavor.  Pumpkin is not bad, but not as flavorful as I was expecting.  Just last weekend, I tried the vanilla w/ dark rum macaroon...LOVE IT.  Any dessert with rum incorporated is awesome.As for the food menu, I'm currently addicted to their brunch special--Roasted Organic Butternut Squash, Smokey Bacon & Quinoa Hash served w/ Two Fried Eggs & Warm Guyere Cheese Croissant!  Eating this dish feels so healthy (minus the croissant part) yet so delicious & full of flavor!The place is somewhat small, but there are tables on the patio as well.  I've only gone there on Saturdays for breakfast or brunch & it's always packed.  The food usually takes awhile too, so expect to wait at least 20 minutes for your food.  You might as well order a macaroon or French Almond Croissant to snack on while you wait!  The French Almond Croissant is not too sweet, and the almond flavor is not too overpowering.   I've also heard good things about their breakfast crepes.  I'll have to try that next time!
3	I've been here a few times, I usually order the Medditeranean plate, it comes with hummus, baggett toasts, stuffed grape leaves and a grape tomato salad. I like it; I don't like, crave it, but it does come out quick, usually, when I order it.The other day I ordered something new, The roasted veggie sandwich on fococcia bread. The served it with sweet potato instead of eggplant. It was, again, ok, nothing I would rave about. Service was crazy slow that day. We were there precisely one hour... we ordered at 1:20, and received our food at about 12:00. I was hoping for a quick lunch, but my hopes and dreams were soon shattered....Now, I have never tried their macaroons, though I'm sure they are amazing because that's what everyone raves about. And I haven't had their breakfast......So, this review is based on the few experiences I've had thus far. They just haven't blown me away enough for a 4 or 5 star rating. Hopefully soon, I can update my review after a few more goes....but, we'll see......
5	Every had a croissant just melt in your mouth? With that just right combination of flaky and, yet somehow moist and buttery, all at the same time? If not, try the croissants at Essence Bakery. You'll never go back to those pretenders again. Close my eyes and, as I slip that little bite onto my tongue, I can almost hear the street sounds and smell the flowers of Paris again. Paris is in my head; croissants and latte swirled together in my mouth. Ah . . . heaven.Essence . . . the essence of life.
4	I would like to thank IHOP for making my love of this place possible. IHOP you say? Yes, IHOP. I had driven by here on numerous occasions and was intrigued because bakeries not located in grocery stores are few and far between 'round these parts. Luckily I had just the opportunity to try it out when my out-of-state relatives wanted to get together for breakfast at...IHOP. Gag me with a spoon. I talked some sense into them and redirected our gathering to Essence. Of course the pressure was on because I had suggested a place completely foreign to me to a bunch of hungry people. And hungry people = easily irritable people. Thank my lucky stars this place was amazing. The waitstaff was very accommodating to our relatively large party of 8 + 2 babies (the inside is cozy and more meant for parties of 2 or 4) and our server couldn't have been nicer. And the food was drool-worthy. I had the French Crepes and was so sad when I reached the bottom of the dish. Had no one been watching, I would have licked the plate clean. And yes, the macaroons are divine. I actually had no idea they were known for them until I saw those little pieces of heaven in the bakery display case. I ordered a couple to take home along with a box of assorted mini treats...all very tasty. I am now a repeat customer. The only downside is when it's busy it can get a bit chaotic. There are two cash registers, but the line to order food/baked goodies can still get backed up and block the door (and create that whole awkward "strangers hovering by your table" experience), and the coffee/beverage prep area is in a cramped corner so when several people are trying to get straws, napkins, creamer all at the same time the area can turn into human bumper cars.
5	Sugar crusted brioche buns were DELICIOUS and they have macaroons in large and mini sizes. This was my first time eating a macaroon. I selected the caramel flavored one after being told it was the ''original'' -- so I was easily convinced.  It was yummy but I'm not a fan of creme or frosting inside. I definitely want to try their croissants. They had other pastries items that looked divine. It looks like a nice brunch/lunch spot with tables and waittresses, but I just bought my goodies to-go. They have lattes and other beverage options. I ordered an iced coffee that was just okay. The place was packed and busy even at 11am with limited parking. That's a sure sign, this is the place to be!
5	The Strawberries & Cream macaroon is to die for!  Love the soft, smooth texture, and it just melts in your mouth.  My favorite part of it is the dab of jam in the middle!Last Saturday, we got there around noon & they were sold out of the harvest hash special!  They said it was gone by 10AM!  I tried something else that was on their regular breakfast menu, and it just wasn't as satisfying.  Got the French omelette w/ grain toast & jam.  LOVE their toast & jam, but the omelette was a little too creamy for my taste.My sister got the French crepes.  Now that's a good weekend breakfast dish!  It's smothered in cheesy goodness.  The crepes are stuffed with delicious vegetables.  You can get it with bacon or vegetarian style.
5	Big fabulous tasting french macaroons. Very addictive.  \ ^o^ /
1	Let me begin by stating that I have been to Essence countless times before this one.  And out of all of those visits, I have adored the freshly baked goodies and lunch items.  Therefore, I purposely schedule all of my business lunches at this place.  One may ask, why a bakery?  The setting is rather intimate, great food and typically quiet.  Best take on a macaroon (not traditional by any means, more like a gourmet version of a hostess-type treat, but impressive).  Unfortunately, my past experiences did not make up for today's train wreck.Although I was told that there was a wait for food due to an unexpected rush, after 45 minutes, I noticed tables receiving their items before us.  Once I asked to speak with the manager, she insisted that our food was coming immediately.  Five minutes later, no food.  I approached the counter again to learn that my order had been lost.  Rather than apologize and attempt to make amends by simply stating something as trite as, I will make sure it comes out within 5 minutes, the manager proceeded to say, Not sure what happened...  That is right, folks!  No, I'm sorry; no, What can I do.  After I said, Well, I am here on a business lunch with a local executive, and you are telling me we won't eat lunch?  It dawns on the manager to reimburse me--please note, offering food was not an option apparently.  She does so, but subtracts the two macaroons that were, thankfully given and would then serve as our "nutritious" meal.  I questioned why the reimbursement did not reflect the original ticket and am told, Well, you got the macaroons, didn't you?  I really need not say more about this experience because the facts speak for themselves.  Any business that does not have the common sense  1. To admit when they are wrong 2. To attempt to resolve the issue with any sort of platitudes before the customer makes suggestions, and 3. Believes they should charge customers for their incompetence, deserves far less attention than I have provided above.  I have worked in the restaurant business and this conduct by the manager would not and should not be tolerated.  Good pastries or not, I will NEVER return!
5	This is just an update on a new flavor of macaroon that I tried this weekend, so regardless of its taste, I'm still giving this place 5 stars overall for its fresh ingredients, great food, and its heavenly pastries.You can never go wrong with a vanilla bean macaroon from Essence, so my family always order a large one to share.  This time, I saw a raspberry macaroon with jam in the middle.  I'm a huge fan of raspberry & blue raspberry flavors, so how can I pass up the opportunity to try something raspberry flavored?  The cashier told me the jam is a raspberry & ROSE flavored jam.  WHAT?  That made me even more intrigued!  The raspberry macaroon, itself, was very sweet & packed full of flavor.  Loved that part.  As for the center, I must say it could use less rose flavor, or exclude it entirely.  I've decided that I would rather smell a rose than taste it, like the roses my boyfriend gave me for Valentine's Day..  I've actually had a rose flavored cocktail before, and that's what the macaroon reminded me of.My advice is if you want a fruity flavored macaroon, opt for the Strawberries & Cream, but I believe it's only around for a limited time.
4	Brunch is busy like crazy but fantastic. Egg sandwich is tasty but small. So go for a crossant while you're there. Plain, chocolate and almond were all fantastic. And I usually don't even like almond. The macaroons are fantastic as well. Go with a group of people, order a ton. And try a little bit of everything!
5	Always new ideas happening at Essence!  I've gone here for years now, it's one of my weekly regulars.  My preference is organic/local/pesticide free/seasonal food.  I find Essence excels at an attempt to serve just that.  I've never had a less than fresh ingredient at Essence.  The staff works hard.  The chef gives 100% when it comes to creativity and seasonal food.   Today I had a white chocolate rasberry cake and it was outstanding - whipped cream frosting, moist cake, fresh rasberries, sitting on crunchy white chocolate.  The tastes and textures were perfect!  Tomorrow's a vegetable pot pie!  Eugenia's pastry is out of this world.  Her soups are fantastic.  I buy organic for my home.  I know the cost you pay for quality food and find portions and cost reasonable at Essence, and always tasty.  If you're in a hurry, calling in your order and picking it up works like a charm.
2	Essence does have an amazing menu but the last two times I've tried to enjoy myself there it just hasn't happened. Twice in the last two weeks I've had experiences where I now will never go there again unless a group of friends decide that's absolutely the only place they want to go to brunch. 1st experience: About two weeks ago today. I had a busy day ahead of me but I had enough time to grab a coffee and some food somewhere before going about my day. I was craving their hot breakfast cereal with fruit and knowing how busy they can get I thought I should probably just call in a to-go order and even if I have to wait a little while when I get there, that's fine because I can take it with me. The first time I called a girl answered the phone and instantly asked me if I could hold without even asking how she could help me, I said "of course". I stayed on hold for 15 minutes. I walked into my coffee shop, stood in line, ordered my coffee and when my coffee was done, I decided to hang up and redial Essence. I call again and sure enough "can you hold please?". I'm thinking "really?" but I say "of course" again. I'm on hold for about 5 minutes (which is a long time when you're already a little frustrated waiting for 15 min the first time). I decide to hang up when I pull into their parking lot and no one has picked up the phone. I walk inside and to my surprise it wasn't as busy as I thought it might be which would justify the ignorance on the phone. I walked up to the counter and stated "I need to place a to-go order". The look on the girls face was like "crap, this might be the girl from the phone". Still, I am a patient person and I thought "its OK, I'm here now and I can just order". As I was ordering one of the gals who works there was showing a girl how to use the register. It ALL made sense! This girl was new and they were trying to train her which was causing everything to be a little more backed up than usual. OK, now I'm not as mad.After placing my order I told the girls I would wait out on the patio. The girl retorted with a condescending tone saying "Just place your number on the edge of the table and we'll find you". Although, I've been to Essence MANY times and knew how their process worked, with their already awesome lack of service I felt I needed to verbally state where I was going to be. OK, sitting on the patio waiting for my food for how long now? I realize that there are other people who may have ordered  before myself but waiting 25ish minutes for hot oatmeal is just ridiculous. It gets better, after I the whole "I'll be on the patio" fiasco. I see a girl pacing the shop inside holding a to-go box looking desperately for whomever it could possibly belong to. At this point I'm thinking to myself "you've got to be kidding me". I just sat there and watched her walk around for a good five minutes if not longer. She finally went back to the counter and did an "I don't know" gesture. I decided to finally mosey on inside. The girl training her saw me frustrated, standing up and walking in so she grabbed the box and some silverware and handed it to me as i was approaching her. I was kind despite my annoyance and thanked her but come on meow. REALLY?A week and a half or so goes by and I think to myself, ya know what? I'm going to give Essence another shot. With their ridiculous hours I wasn't sure when they stopped serving breakfast so I tried to get their as soon as possible. I arrived at  10:45am and they stop serving breakfast at 10:30am (which I will never understand from a business stand point especially given their awesome location. They are totally limiting themselves.) I wasn't annoyed or bothered or frustrated because I could have easily looked up their menu hours and chosen somewhere else to go knowing I would miss the breakfast menu. (Same two gals working by the way) I was pleasant and ordered an iced coffee and a simple SIDE SALAD. Somehow my total came to around $9 after a tip. I'm thinking "that's fine because I know they use fresh/organic ingredients and I'm happy with that". And then I also waited forever for my salad and once it got there the sad pile of green on my plate was enough to erk the evil Steph monster out of me. I was pissed. I downed my salad in maybe five minutes because I HAD to get out of there. I ate my salad so fast I didn't finish my iced coffee. I walked up to the counter to ask for a to-go cup so I could take my remaining coffee with me. She told me I had to pay extra if I wanted to take it to-go!! ARE YOU SERIOUS????? "For a refill its more" me: "but I don't want a refill. I simply want to take the coffee which I've already paid for with me". "Its still more if you want to take it to-go". She knew I was upset. I sat my iced coffee on the counter and left. I promise, I waited a LONG time and thought about all of this over in my head a few times before writing this review. I'll miss their breakfast but OH WELL.
4	Packed.The 1st time I came here I had their grilled cheese. The sandwich as a whole was meh, but the bread was awesome.And I highly recommend getting a macaroon to go. Their raspberry w/ rose filling is one of my top 10 fave things to eat in Tempe.
2	Please understand that I offer this review up as constructive criticism. I desperately want this establishment go from being good to excellent because it has that potential. A few things mar its promise and need to be recognized and reconsidered. Firstly, for a place that serve such wonderful breakfasts, the breakfast HOURS are painfully short. Please do ALL of us a favor and EXTEND YOUR BREAKFAST HOURS TILL 11am at least! I think this place cuts off a lot of potential business by not offering breakfast for longer. Second, just because you stop serving breakfast doesn't mean people won't still want to buy coffee! You have great coffee here (its a Cafe after all) and I'm sure I'm not the only person who feels irked by this conspicuous absence. Third, I know you don't have a lot of room to work with, but I think the judicious re-arrangement of tables may afford a much better flow throughout the space. As it is right now its far too cramped and not in a cozy way. Look your food is great, your concept is wonderful, it just all desperately needs some fine tuning. So this is a plea to the Essence gods, please consider these humble requests. I want to see your Cafe to succeed as much as you do, so please take this constructive feedback and consider these simple changes that could yield greater success and greater customer satisfaction. Thanks.
5	I LOVE this place.  Are the hours too short?  Yes.  Would I prefer a larger, more central location? Of course.  But, unless the prices are jacked to the sky, I will keep going there for the food and the philosophy.  The croissants are, bar-none, the best in the valley.  No joke.  They are buttery, flakey, flavorful (my mouth is watering as I write this) and worth twice what I pay for them.  The chocolate croissants are heaven on a plate.  I will say that I was slightly disappointed in the almond croissant, not because it wasn't good, but because it was too sweet compared to the plan or chocolate ones.  I love my mochas, as well, and they have a great one here.  I highly recommend it with one caveat: the mocha is perfectly sweetened UNLESS you eat a sweet item before it.  Therefore, when buying both a chocolate croissant and a mocha (which I often do,) either drink the mocha first, or eat the croissant and wait before tasting the mocha.  Trust me, they are both delicious if eaten correctly :)The macaroons are amazing!  I prefer the creamy ones (hazelnut, vanilla, caramel, dulce de leche, pumpkin) but some people prefer the fruity ones with jam in them.  The chocolate has a fudgy, not creamy filling.  It's still good, but it's not what I was expecting.As I said, their philosophy is awesome.  They buy local and organic, compost, use sustainable resources and recycle.  What can I say?  It's everything I want in a restaurant!Try to avoid this place at lunch because it is CRAZY busy.  But tasty, tasty, tasty.
5	This review is coming from the point of view of having used Essence as a GIFT DELIVERY for a friend of mine.   I do not live in Arizona, but wanted to send my auntie something I knew she'd love - a little bit of Paris in a box.   She has notoriously discerning taste, but I also wanted to send her something made locally - not flown in from NYC.   Still, I had no experience with this bakery so I was concerned as they were being shipped up to Prescott. Well she called me this morning absolutely squealing with delight!  The macarons arrived on time, in adorable packaging, packed in dry ice for freshness - and she said they were GORGEOUS and DELICIOUS. She is hard to impress - so I was very happy that she liked them so much. While I haven't ever tasted the food at Essence - as a gift delivery it was top notch.  Unique, fresh, beautiful, prompt and professional.  You can't ask for more than that.
3	To start, I'm actually a pastry chef so I may be more critical of their baked goods. Macarons in Arizona that isn't from my kitchen? Of course I had to check it out! I've been to Essence numerous times and well, I don't think I'll be going back unless its on Saturday to buy a loaf of brioche. The place is small so if you go on the weekend, you might have to wait a bit for a table to open up.Their food is good. They boast organic ingredients carefully selected and it was indeed tasty. There are a few things on the menu that is different and I love that they have a different special every day, every week. But there isn't anything on there I couldn't make at home, especially for the price on some of them. The brioche is excellent. I can buy a loaf and eat it for all 3 meals. Very tasty. Croissant left a lot to be desired though. It wasn't a soft, flaky croissant but rather dry and bland. If I buy a croissant, I want it to flake and make a mess and I want to be able to taste the buttery pastry. Not at Essence.The macarons - People, it's MACARON, not macaroon. Huge difference. The flavors are not anything special or unique, just standard flavors you'll see at any French pastry shop. The espresso macaron tastes exactly like tiramisu, vanilla is very good, all the citrus ones are great but chocolate is lacking that chocolatey punch. Their filling can be too warm and runny at times, which is bad for buttercream. There have been times I can tell by looking at it that it's been over baked but I give them the benefit of the doubt and take it home anyway. Big mistake. If it has been over baked for a minute, it won't make a big difference on the texture but unfortunately for me, I've been sold ones so over baked it ended up being a brick on the edges and overly chewy on the inside. Once I was lucky enough to return it but other times, I had to toss it. I have a suspicion that they also sell batches that has been out for more than a day or two judging by the texture and taste.Is it good? Yes. Can you get your macaron fix if you can't make it yourself? Sure. Would I go back? Most likely not.
3	It is refreshing to find a "mom & pop" shop among the Mecca of chains, especially in Tempe.  My first visit was amazing. I love how they incorporate local farms in the menu. The food is fresh and clean. I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. I was anxious to bring my friend so she can experience what I had my first visit. But when I went back for the second time, my first impression had started to fade. After ordering, we were waiting around for a table. Once we sat, the wait for the food was a little too long, especially for sandwiches. I am sure other patrons felt the same way, as I stared into the crowded little area of the lost, hungry faces. Maybe they were short-handed in the back, as there was a "help wanted" sign on the counter. Another thing that irked me was the lack of service by the service staff. We sat down at a table with dirty plates (after hawking a table). These plates stayed on the table until the server brought our food. As she walked away, we asked her to take the dishes - as if we were inconveniencing her. We finally got our food. I had the burger and my friend had the open-face steak sandwich. My burger was ok, but not worth $10 (after adding cheese and tax). It was rather plain and tasteless. I was starving at this point so I just ate it. Her steak sandwich was good.  Still a little hungry, we got some desserts. I can honestly say I have never had a macaron, so I thought I would live a little. It was very yummy! I would definitely come back for the desserts and maybe try another menu item, but lesson learned, it will be after the lunch hour.
4	Your Vanilla Bean Iced Coffee is heaven in my mouth. I will be here every Saturday to enjoy one along with a caramel cream macaron. They have a separate line for bakery items so I can get my coffee and macaron and be on my way.
3	This is a cute little cafe right in the same shopping center as Lalibela Cafe. When we went in, there were a bunch of families having a cute little brunch. I just got a strawberries and cream macaroon, a vanilla bean and rum macaroon, and two coffees. They were decently good. I especially liked the strawberries and cream macaroon which had some strawberry jam in the middle. mmmmm! In the vanilla bean and rum macaroon, you could definitely taste that hint of rum which was yummy!I'll have to come back and try the food. It looked yummy!
5	Food is excellent. I am strangely obsessed with the macaroons, especially strawberry and expresso. Everytime I go to Phoenix I always stop by and get macaroons and always pick some up for everyone back home. Just awesome
1	Way to go Essence. After a few awful experiences here you'd think we would learn right? Remember how I said I would never go back to eat here ever again? Well this morning I did. And I regret it.Long story short. We stood in line, ordered, paid $30 for two breakfast items and two iced soy lattes, found a table, and waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. As soon as I noticed a table of four who had come in significantly later than us being delivered food and enjoying their meal I was furious. Our drinks were gone and we had been sitting there for almost 40 minutes. My boyfriend went to the counter to ask them what was going on. They didn't have our order. Surprised? I shouldn't have been. Essence and I just weren't meant to be. IT GETS BETTER!  We asked for the food to go since we live 2 minutes away and we were sick of sitting there. They brought out the food super fast which was a little concerning since our food hadn't been made yet, right? They were kind enough to load us up with some goodies but it didn't even matter because after our super short drive home we immediately opened our food from being super hungry and its was COLD. Holy shit. Give me a break.
5	I've been lucky lately because everything I've picked to eat has been delicious. Usually I always want what the person next to me is eating when it comes out, but  not this time. I had the ham, cheese, jalapeno croque-monsieur. It came out perfect, melted cheese, salty taste from the ham, a slight kick from the jalapeno and crispy bread. They have great potato side salad (wish I could make a potato salad like that). Their caramel macaroon is to die for, wished I got more!
4	I had brought another chocolate croissant from Wildflower Bakery just to compare. This place was awesome but super busy on a Saturday morning. The chocolate croissant tasted so much better than Wildflowers's croissant.Great customer service with a manager who actually cared about her customers. Would definitely recommend it.
3	I have never had lunch here, only the delicious macarons, so I was driving by on my way home from a meeting around noon and decided to stop in. Bad timing. The parking lot was packed and I had to circle around a couple times before I could find a place.....a 15 minute parking spot. So I decided I would just pick up lunch and head home. The place was packed (which is a good thing!) and I waited about 5 minutes in line to order. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which I figured would be easy and quick. I guess not. I had to wait for another 15 minutes before they brought it out. I dashed out to get to my car and the 15 minutes parking issue....and when I got home I see a very small hamburger style bun with some chicken salad and a ice cream sized scoop of potato salad. The chicken salad was tasty, but nothing to rave about. Wow, disappointed. Three stars are really for the great macarons!!!
4	When it comes to fresh, local and wonderfully crafted ingredients, Essence hits the mark! The cafe is very tiny, and daily specials sell out quickly, so if you plan on ordering their lunch special of the day, get there early and plan on waiting in line! The baked goods, especially the macaroons are out of this world! If you aren't looking for bar food or the typical chain restaurant and want a light, healthy meal, this is it! It is more pricey (average meals range from $8-11) but that's the price you pay for local, organic, natural food. If you are looking for cheap, go to Subway. Closed on Sundays, which is a shame, because this is always when I want to do brunch!
5	Absolutely unbelievable!!! This is so worth the drive from Scottsdale to Tempe! But get there early as they close early and run out of food! It's so delicious my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I love French pastries, crepes and desserts! The macaroons melt in your mouth. I will be returning soon!
4	Being the complete fatty that I am, I decided to stop by and pick up a box of Macarons to go on my way to meet up with friends for lunch. I figure since we had all never tried them before they would make a great dessert.I got there at 2:15pm on a Saturday so pretty much closing time and all they had left was Hazelnut, Mint Chocolate, and Caramel. I got 2 of each of the large ones which came out to be $20 so they definitely aren't cheap desserts.Before we tried them we had to argue over whether these are called Macarons or Macaroons. I still don't know who is right. But what I think we figured was macarons = macaroons but not all macaroons = macarons. By this point I didn't really care anymore and just wanted to try them. The Caramel was absolutely scrumptious! By far my favorite out of the three. The mint chocolate definitely tasted like real mints but I thought it was delish as well. Hazelnut wasn't my favorite but it wasn't because of any  real reason. I just liked caramel that much better.I can't wait to come back to try all of the other flavors! or just a box of Caramel MacarOns.The reason why I rated it 4 stars was just because of how hard it is to make it out to this place if you have a normal 8-5 job since it closes at 3pm and they are closed on Sundays on the weekends. I guess I'm going to have to use my "sick" time to be able to make it out here more!
3	Stopped in for some macaroons and coffee, the food and coffee were decent. The place itself was kinda dirty, stains on the floor, saw a couple of flies, and sat in an uneven chair.
5	I love the freshness and taste of the food at Essence, along with the fact that so many ingredients are organic and local.  You can taste that difference.  Eugenia's baked goods are excellent, all made on location using pure ingredients.  I'm there just about every Tuesday for her vegetarian specials.  She's always offering something different.I've read many of the reviews on Yelp for this restaurant and agree 100% with all the 5 star reviews.  Anything lower than 5 stars I find I'm disappointed in that so much of AZ  doesn't demand healthy alternatives or understand that healthy alternatives cost more and may take more time to deliver.  If you're in a hurry, review the menu on line and call ahead.  The staff is very accommodating to customers calling in.  There's always a special and soup of the day that the staff can tell you about.  Thank you, Essence, owners and staff, for providing food I love.
5	A past client used to come in for meetings carrying treats like chocolate filled croissants from Essence Bakery. They were amazing!...and fast forward quite a few months, I finally decided to stop in on my to work.  When I walked in, the only thing I thought was "I smell butter. This is awesome." And it was. Great menu featuring local ingredients, nice little patio, and the quiche I had was delicious.  I know I'll be back for more breakfast, lunch, and baked goods like that chocolate croissant.
2	I really want to love this place, especially after seeing all the reviews.  I rate it two stars purely because the food has been very flavorful.  If the food was bad, I'd rate it one star and say never go there.  I'm am a quality over quantity type of person and appreciate the fact that I can got there for lunch and leave satisfied but not over full.  I also don't mind paying for good food.  I have been there 3 times, and each time found the experience to be rather disappointing.   The air of pretentiousness at Essence bakery makes me think of Sinefeld's soup nazi.  They are not accommodating at all, no matter what.  If the atmosphere was there, and the customer service was there I'd rate this place 4 stars.  Examples:  For lunch the other day I wanted hummus with my sandwich.  The meal came with a side salad or potato salad (I don't really care for either).  On the sides menu the hummus is $0.25 more than the side salad.  I asked if I could substitute for an up charge.  Two separate people told me my only option was to pay $4.25 for the hummus and they'd leave the salad off my plate if I prefer.  This morning I paid $7.50 for an egg croissant sandwich, and was not allowed to eat in the restaurant because I had my own coffee. "No outside food or beverage" I was told.  They should have said "No Soup for You!"  Of course I could have thrown my coffee away and stayed, but it wasn't worth all that.
3	So they responded to my inquiry about the hummus situation - it's reasonable and I can understand (see below).  Therefore, I upped their review to 3 stars from 2  - good food, and maybe not as pretentious as I thought....Will try them again and re-post.From essence:  "Thanks for taking the time to send us an email....In the past, we have allowed substitutions, but we realized that it made plating up slower.  In other words,the big part part of our clients who were not substituting saw their orders delayed by "special orders".  The other difficulty resides in the difference of portions between side orders and what comes with an entrees, something that you guessed, and that difference makes costing difficult to establish for multiple combinations, which are the direct results of allowing substitutions.So it just seemed to make more sense to us to go with the system that you were told.  I know it is not ideal, but it is what enables us to serve in the fastest way the number of people that will order in the most likely way.It is true that in many establishments they allow substitutions, but in most of them, the price point and margin are higher, and that enables to swallow more easily costs, that is especially true about places that sell beer like Cornisharound the corner.  But our margins are pretty tight, so we have to control things in other ways.Next time you are in, we will offer you a side of hummus, to thank you for trying to make the place better.  Ask for Jessie, she will be happy to help you.Have a nice day.  "
5	Where else can you find wild Alaskan salmon for lunch in Arizona?  Not many places, guaranteed.  Had a spectacular wild Alaskan salmon sandwhich with whole wheat pasta today.  Was delicious!  Treated myself to an organic lemon macaroon!  Hadn't tried lemon yet.  Had an extremely smooth, creamy, tasty lemon filling. Very refreshing on an Arizona summer day.  Delicious food daily!  Thank you, Eugenia!
4	Delicious macaroons! Get the mini ones with diff flavors....all of them are good...especially caramel. Nit good for big parties as this place is tiny. Good for dates ;-)
4	After a long workout, I was ready to EAT and craving a place that could offer up a tasty lunch and some special sweet treats to bring home with me (my favorite kind of place, I must admit).I agree with some of the other reviewers that the atmosphere is nothing to speak of and the wait time is long--I went at 10:45am on a Wednesday; short line, mostly empty dining room/patio but I still waited 24 minutes for my meal. Inconceivable. If I was on my lunch hour, I would've made a stink with management. But because I was not in a rush and it was a rather mild day, I let it go. And for, that I was rewarded with a nice cup of Tomato Basil Soup with croutons (not quite enough basil) and a good (but certainly not great) Tuna Melt on whole grain and wonderful side salad with couscous and carrots on a bed of spinach (my favorite part of the meal). I left fairly happy...But what really put a spring in my step was the Caramel Macaron that came in my little "Box of Treats". The rest of the items in said box (4 mini cookies and a mini brownie) were "meh" but the Macaron was to die for. I WILL BE GOING BACK--very soon, in fact--for some more of those. They had many different ones to choose from. I'll also try the breakfast next time as well. Hopefully, it won't take so long to be served!
2	haven't had the food at Essence in awhile because it is just too slow, too crowded and too hot. But, I do LOVE the macarons. However, it's such a pain to get them, I may need to find my fix elsewhere. Last Friday, my gluten intolerant buddy flew into town for a visit. i stopped by Essence at 12 p.m. to pick up three caramel macarons for a treat. parking lot was overcrowded, complete with double-parked cars, I illegally parked with friend in car to "run" inside to pick up two.line to order food was 4 deed and the two gals at the registers didn't seem too in a hurry to get us all processed. by the time I got to the counter, they only had 2 left, and i was told they had no more. i took my two, paid for them and left.buddy loved them. so much that she wanted to take 4 home to share with her family. i called essence this a.m. to order (and pay for) over the phone, so we could swing by at 1230 on the way to the airport and pick them up. well, essence will only take phone orders of macarons for a dozen or more...well, at $3 a pop, that was out of the question. the gal on the phone said, oh, at 1230 we'll have plenty. really? i said. i was there on friday at noon and you only had 2 left.so, we took our chances today...i dropped her at the front door and i circled the parking lot over and over (of course there is no parking). friend waited in line for 10 minutes just to be told they only had two left and that the ones in back wouldn't be cool and available for at least 1/2 hour. friend, frustrated, bought the two and left. essence has great food and great baked goods. but the space, parking, and service cannot keep up with their recent success.
5	Ok, I'm not sure I ever had this pastry combination, but it was clearly a great item. It was the Chocolate almond croissant. Usually those two varieties of crossaints are separate, but some genuis stuffed these almond, powdeered sugared topped croissants with rich chocolate and it works very well. Coffee was decent, total price almost 6 bucks, but the croissant was definet;ly worth the 3 bucks. Soo tasty. Didn't even know the place was famous for macaroons, but try those next time.
4	My only gripe about Essence is that it isn't open on Sundays, which somehow is always the only day I'm available to go. The croissants are incredible. They are perfect. The macarons are expensive but delicious enough that you'll almost always convince yourself you need one. Everything else is fairly well priced, and reasonably portioned. It tends to get awfully crowded in the mornings, though, and during the summers is fairly warm inside.
5	Excellent macaroons!  Great owners very conversant with their costumers.
5	After my trip from Paris, I was dying for some macarons. Of course, where in the heck could you get them in the middle of Arizona?! Did some googling and found Essence :) It is a small quaint restaurant and with limited opening hours. I decided to stop by for lunch and was very impressed. There were many vegetarian options, soups, salads, sandwiches, and their desserts are to die for. Of course, you can't compare a French macaron to an American one, but this one sure tops the list as yummy and flavorful. The filling is light and the outside doesn't crack easily. My favorite one is the pumpkin flavored one. I also had their mozarella grilled cheese sandwich and their berry iced tea.  Very tasty, light, and my whole meal (including dessert) was under $12.00, Needless to say, I love this place.
3	Essence was an impulse stop for me as I was driving on University. I decided  to stop in after reading "bakery and cafe" from their sign. As I pulled in, I noticed the line through the window of the tiny restaurant. I walked in and had to squish my way to the back of the line through people sitting at tables and people already in line. The restaurant is tiny but they do have a  patio for additional seating. Line moved pretty quickly but noticed their bakery display was pretty limited. This made me sad because I was excited to see all the goodies that a bakery would have offered. I went to order and asked the cashier her recommendations since this was my first time visiting. She recommended the salad (only a few to choose from) and the grilled cheese with tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich. I went with the sandwich and was given the choice of mixed greens or potato salad. I chose mixed greens. I also decided to order a vanilla bean macaroon because I wanted to try a bakery item. Total (without drink) was over $11, so not super cheap. Drinks were expensive, even a can of soda was $1.25. I took the order to go and waited about 10 minutes for my food. When I got home, I was disappointed to see the mixed greens were literally big pieces of lettuce with a vinagrette rather than an actual salad with veggies. The sandwich was OK, the bread was really good. The macaroon was good, soft outside and gooey buttercream frosting inside. I didn't eat it all at once because I found the texture somewhat unappealing and a little too rich. I think I would come back for breakfast (I hear it's better) rather than during the busy lunch rush.
5	This place is INCREDIBLE. I'm not a fan of macaroons, but from what I understand, theirs are great. However, everything else here I've ever tried I've loved - from the quiche lorraine to the cookies to the amazing little cinnamon dough balls they sell at the front counter. My FAVORITE thing here though, is the granola. Granola in soy milk with fruit - dates, apple, berries - just the best kind of breakfast or meal. I just wish their hours were later! If you're in Tempe, a MUST TRY.
5	I have never had anything I didn't like and I dream about their bakery items often. Just talking about it makes me drool. Mmmmmmm....
5	The manager told me immediately that she was from Syracuse, NY and asked me if that was a problem?  Does this person know who she is talking to?  In spite of this handicap, this little bakery exceeded my standards.  It is the best breakfast place in the state of Arizona that I have visited, since the death of my great uncle Albert in Flagstaff, AZ.  The croissants, breakfast sandwiches, macarons, and assorted pastries are world-class.  Is it SF's Tartines?  Perhaps not, but it has given me hope that bread in the USA, especially Washington, DC will some day improve.  The coffee is also outstanding which makes it a 5 star bakery.  Also, the manager also told me aside from being from Syracuse, she did not care at all about Syracuse basketball.  My unspoken message to her was that Hoyas were not born yesterday!  In all seriousness, this place is a must visit when in the Phoenix Metro area.
2	The food here at Essence is really good.  It really is.  BUT, they're not only not open on Sundays (they serve breakfast for the love of god!) but the service is consistently just the worst goddamn thing in the world.Each time I go there, I say it's my last time and this time I think it really is.  I don't know.  Fuckin' place always draws me back in because Tempe only has like three places to get breakfast, it's silly.  Anyway, I got the "big" breakfast, which cost as much as any normal thing called a big breakfast would, but the portions given to the namesake were a total joke.  Lil' potato cake thing, lil' pieces o' bread, lil' thingy of mushrooms.  It's cute.  It wants so badly to be big.  Anyway, I didn't get the vegetarian version and I noticed that it was missing sausage.  I brought it up and the food server was like oh man, sorry about that, it'll be right out.I ended up eating my entire breakfast while waiting for my sausage.  I waited and waited before I finally went inside to inquire and before I even said one word, before my dumb mouth even opened to speak, everyone working behind the counter, three people, frantically said, "It's coming right OUT, sir!"  Like I'm being fucking unreasonable.  Sure.  How demeaning is that, to be treated like I'm some cheapskate fatfuck for wanting something I already paid for?The sausage came like ten minutes, literally, after that.  I wanted to hit the road.  But, it was super delicious.  There was a dude sitting next to us outside and the chick food server he had was treating him like total shit.  He didn't seem to mind, but I overheard her really patronizing him when he asked if he could have a thing of toast, "Uh, well sir, if you wanted toast that's something you would've ordered beforehand.  It's NOT free."  She said it so shitty, like responding to a pervert who asked her if she shaved her privates.  He said he'd pay for it, no big deal.  Dude, that guy ordered a lot of food and probably racked up a decent bill.  Bring him some toast, you cheap bastards.Essence is always packed, hot, loud and stupid.
3	Before you throw any stones at me, read through. I have been here to Essence several times and absolutely love their almond croissants (they were out at 8:30am on the Tuesday I was in.) The chocolate ones are delightful too. Their macaroons are out of this world - literally as tasty as they are in Paris. But on this occasion, I was SO EXTREMELY disappointed. The lady at the counter (who has been there for years) was exceptionally rude to me when I asked about soy milk. Seriously? It's on your menu for 60 cents extra. She was brusque and unfriendly, even rolled her eyes at me. No, there was no one waiting behind us either. Our Parisian Hot Chocolate arrived tepid. Yes, tepid. Not hot. My quiche came and it was quite tasty, but smacked of pre-made breakfast. It felt warmed over. The worst part was my bowl of fruit. Brown, yes brown. Brown apples, brown pears, brown pineapples. Have you ever seen brown pineapples? Ew. I don't understand this visit at all, but have to let you and Essence - you also need to know. It'll take me some time to get over this visit. Sorry.
4	I decided I had to finally remove a star from my beloved Essence. I still love you, though. I don't even cheat on your macarons when I'm in Paris. Seriously, I'm not even tempted because I know I can go home and fill my mouth with your creamy delicious centers surrounded by a crunchy-chewy cookie later. Now that we have that established ...What is up with the service? The other day I was on hold for so long I gave up. Sometimes the line is practically out the door and no one moves any faster than if there was just one customer in front of them. Hell, sometimes the second person behind the counter ignores the line until they are done with what people in the biz call "side work." And the whole writing my coffee order on a post-it that no one reads? Yeah, that is not working. I know you guys are busy and it can be hard to juggle the rush, but sometimes I think maybe a little pep in your step would really help with that issue. Also, probably not a good idea to rely on the mythical creature that is supposed to read those post-its and pour coffee into a glass (he doesn't exist).  Can I just say one last thing ... the owner reminds me of a female Gordon Ramsay. When she comes out from the back, even I get scared. That woman is formidable. Don't get me wrong, this is a compliment. The woman is the shit and I am terrified of her. If she taught a cooking class, I'd take it and probably leave crying.5 stars for the food, I could eat it every day. 5 stars for the hardcore bitch behind it all.3 stars for the sense of urgency no one has during a rush. Let's call it a 4.
5	Best chocolate croissants EVER!!!!
2	These are not real French treats. I'm surprised some of the reviewers say they've been to Paris. First of all, they're not macaroons (those are Jewish coconut cookies) they are macarons (one "o") and these were the most amateur macarons I've seen. The feet are big (the feet are the rim of the cookie) and the cookie body itsself is airy and thin whereas a true macaron is light but doesn't actually have air pockets in it (the cookie dough is still present throughout). The filling is not ganache like it should be - it's a buttercream like you use for cupcakes. Chocolate croissant was decent so I'll add a star for that.
4	I stopped here once for breakfast and it was delicious. It was before 8am on a weekday and the place was empty. The cook/owner was extremely nice and helped me to decide what would travel best on my way to work. I ordered the organic hot breakfast cereal (basically oatmeal) with pecans and a hot chocolate. Mmm. Both items were delicious and made quickly. They also travelled well! The location is great, it's both close to the ASU campus and the highway, so it's really easy to get to. I just wish we lived closer so we could come here more often to try their other breakfast items. I've heard great things about their bakery items as well and can't wait to try!
4	Food - 5; STARS!! Service - 3.5/5; Price - 3.5/5; Atmosphere 2/5.This place serves up the best French pastries in the valley. The macarons are to die for, I always go for the chocolate and carmel flavors. The other desserts are great too. I read an article on this place and the owner was taught by a French pastry chef. She is so meticulous when baking the croissants that she sets the room temperature to suit the fussy dough, and on top of that the butter is imported from a special farm in France. The traditional French breakfast was just alright. The baguette was old and took some serious muscle to chew but I couldn't believe how good the raspberry jam and butter was. So good that I savored every bite of the stale baguette. The turkey club (w/ fresh sliced Thanksgiving style turkey) and Dijon potato salad is my favorite lunch item.The whole place is small, fairly cramped, and loud if busy. We were lucky enough to score a table outside that was nice. I can't wait to go back.
4	I have been to Essence several times in the past, but it wasn't until the other day, when I came here for lunch with friends, that I decided to review it. Overall, the food here is very good. Dishes are made with fresh ingredients, you often get a nice side of greens with your meal, and the environment is both classy and cozy. Their macaroons make for an excellent dessert. The other day, I ordered the spanakopita and it was great. The phyllo dough was crisp and flaky, and the spinach and feta cheese came together beautifully. I loved the salad of chopped bell pepper, onion, tomato, and cucumber in oil that came with it, as it offered a nice vegetable counterpoint to the entree. A traditional green salad with this spinach pastry would have been too redundant. My only complaints are minor ones. The other day when I visited, seeing that avocado is offered as an extra, I requested to have it as part of my side for the spanakopita, only to find out that they only serve avocado with the burger. Huh? I never got a full, reasonable explanation for this. Was ordering a side of avocado an inflammatory request, was it a subversive act? I thought the request was a reasonable one and I was willing to pay extra for it. The only other complaint concerns the size and set-up of the place. This is a very popular lunch destination, and people often end up in a line that extends well into the seating area. However, given the size and shape of the actual facility, I don't think much can be done about this, except that you get there early for lunch and practice patience. The food at Essence is definitely worth it.
4	*This review is strictly based on the Macarons* And Holy Macaron-i! Are they delicious! Rainbows, unicorns and marshmallow clouds come to mind when I think of what it's like to dive into one of these dreamy desserts. The first bite is always taken in very slowly with closed eyes and a subtle groan, because they're that dang good, really. The caramel flavor is my favorite, but I've tried most every flavor by now and they're all pretty darn tasty.I've yet to try anything else on the menu, though I have heard fabulous things, so it's definitely on my list. The only bummer is that due to their business hours (M-Sat/7-3) I'm not able to visit very often. However, considering how much I love these things and the fact that they're $3-ish dollars a piece, that's probably a good thing.
3	This place gets a 3.5.  I was there for breakfast and was prepared for a packed space based on other reviews; but it was comfortably full.  I ordered a croque madame, and it was good, but not great.  I had a side of pepper bacon and about a quarter of it was overcooked.  They do make a damn fine cappuccino.  I ordered a macaron for later, and though it was crushed on the way home, it was delicious.
3	This place is okay.  I wouldn't go there at all if it weren't for the fact that my wife likes the Macarons.  They're nothing like the ones we ate while in Paris, but she still likes these.On special occasions I will go in there and pick up 6-8 of the large Macarons to deliver (myself...I don't know if Essence delivers) to my wife's office.  The last two times I've gone the gal behind the counter seemed to be annoyed to be working there.  I asked that we put my $26 worth of these Macarons in a box, and it seemed like the end of the world for her.  And it cost me an extra $.50 for that little cardboard box.  To her credit, she did tell me about this fee, but it's just a little annoying when you're paying that much for eight macarons to begin with.  I guess that 50 cents helps pay for the pretentiousness.But whatever keeps the wife happy keeps me happy (isn't that how it is supposed to work?), so I'm betting I'll be shelling out for this again and again.  Definitely not a must try.
4	I am usually not hugely into macarons, but these were excellent. I really loved the chocolate one, the frosting inside was dreamy and the texture was perfect. I also enjoyed my coffee and my meal - brioche French Toast. But I would have preferred real maple syrup instead of the caramel sauce it came with. But maybe that's just the northeasterner in me. Anyway, a good experience, with good service (although not the most pleasant atmosphere, being by a busy street/shopping center). I will be back for the macarons!
5	Great place to start my mornings.
5	What can I say except WOW!!!  A client who is moving out of town and will no longer be bringing her dog to Arizona Pet Resort for Doggie Day Camp brought us pastries from Essence Bakery and Cafe.  They are the best pastries any of us have ever tasted!  Do yourself a favor and head over to this gem of a Cafe.  You won't be sorry unless you get there so late that they are out of pastries!
3	I went here expecting to get this "blow your mind" egg salad sandwich I read about in an article on Feb. 22, 2013 only to discover they do not have egg salad sandwiches.  I even mentioned the article and the girl behind the counter just looked at me like I had no idea what I was talking about.  I was disappointed to say the least, since I was craving egg salad.However, with that said, I did try the lemon basil chicken salad on brioche and it was pretty good.  The brioche definitely was a plus!  The potato salad side was not for me, my personal opinion was that is had way too much mustard in it.I also tried the most heavenly macaroon I have had in a long time!  It was so light and airy and the taste was spot on!If I go back, it would be for the macaroons.
1	I can't rate the food - the people at the counter were so rude to me that I decided to leave before ordering.  Is this part of the "Essence" of this place?
3	Apparently this place supposedly has the best macarons in Arizona, but I was not impressed. We ordered the 1/4-inch dozen pack, all of which were different flavors, and my friends and I agreed that the only one that was worth having again was the pumpkin-flavored macaron - which was DELICIOUS but not enough to make up for the mediocre rest. When I eat a macaron, I expect 200+ calories of sugar and tasty filling in a pretty, shiny package. The shells were sloppy and cracked, the fillings were either too mild or too sweet, and some of the flavors were just... odd.Take my review with a grain of salt. I've only been here once, and it was only for macarons, so I have very little experience with their full menu. It could just be my own tastes since I am by no means a macaron connoisseur.Their lunch food is supposed to be good, but then again the macarons are highly rated by fellow Yelpers, so who knows if I'll venture into the savory side of Essence Bakery Cafe.
4	My son goes to Arizona State and brought home a dozen macaroons a few months back. They were so delish that I vowed that on our next visit, we'd be sure to take advantage of these delectable treats in person! Luckily, my son also knows someone who works there and he recommend when times to go so we can make sure the macaroons and all other baked goods were fresh! I was not disappointed! We had breakfast and my main focus was tasting and bringing home a few macaroons. It was OMG yummy and managed to bring home a dozen minis and a few full sized macaroons! I do agree with others about the slowness of service to get our breakfast. They should speed that up a bit as I know it can be hard to manage both a bakery/cafe, but I've been to others that are fast and efficient. We were only there on a weekday and can only imagine on a Saturday.Being at the epicenter of food (SF Bay Area), the bakery/cafe would fit right in the Bay.  Thanks to Derrick one of the best workers at Essence who turned our family to these yummy treats!!
3	You know I love Essence, but because I am a regular who sometimes visits twice in the same day (like today), I have to say that I am sick of their bad customer service. No, I am sick of their crappy attitude! The people at the front end of the house are either incompetent or rude ... with one exception, the lady with glasses and short dark hair. She has always been helpful and nice. I don't want her lumped into this review, she is the only good front end employee left in this place. At least, she is the only one from the old crew I've seen on my last several visits. The rest of this younger, new bunch have such an awful disposition and way of saying things that I am no longer going to be an Essence regular.   Here is how today's lunch visit went:-They were out of the lunch special -They subbed an item in my back-up order without notifying me -They were out of the caesar dressing on my co-worker's caesar salad and it took 40 minutes of waiting to realize this-It took 40 minutes before the food was ready and we even called ahead.-No one apologized for this-While we waited, we watched one of the chefs literally toss food onto the counter in annoyance whenever she had completed someone's order-the bread was so hard I couldn't eat it and the knife they gave me couldn't cut through it either-the man helping us was physically annoyed by the lunch rush and couldn't be bothered to treat customers like they mattered On top of that, no one greeted us with a smile. Everyone had an attitude and made sure to say things in the bitchiest way possible. What the hell is going on? Are the employees treated terribly? I feel like it's so bad that it must be an internal problem and not exactly indicative of the personal nature of the employees themselves. It almost feels like a product of the environment: unhappy employees=they don't give a shit about your business. Just saying.  It's been real Essence. We've had some great memories, but it's over ... and it's definitely not me, it's you! Hopefully, one day we can be friends again. I will certainly mourn the loss of my beloved macaron.*Update: I was sent a very sincere note from the management. I will say that they definitely reached out to make everything right. Hopefully, the customer service issues will improve, because I love everything else! I think 2 stars was a little harsh, so I'm giving them a 3 for being so gracious after reading my review.  Ok, Essence, we might have to give it another go. I just can't quit you!!!
2	After four years of college and limited breakfast spots around, I finally got my butt over to essence bakery before 10 am for some grub. I won't lie to you, I expected a lot more. I got the big breakfast which wasn't big at all and was thrown off from their limited selection. Maybe next time I'll try lunch or some baked goods instead but trust me, NO NEED TO WAKE UP EARLY FOR THIS BREAKFAST SPOT. If you're really keen though, they serve breakfast all day on the weekends!
2	The egg sandwich was good, but macarons were ugly, service was poor, wait time was long and prices are high.
4	I've been going to Essence at least once a week for four years because the food is always fresh and delicious. Now over 4 years there have been some mishaps, but overall the quality of the food and service is consistent.This is what I recommend if you go there...The chocolate and vanilla bean macarons are the best flavors.If you like chocolate, try the truffle cookie! It is the most delicious and decadent chocolate cookie I've ever had.Frequent specials that should be on the menu because they are better than some of the menu items:Greek meatballs - Awesome!Egg salad sandwichAny of the salads with a homemade buttermilk dressingSalad with strawberries and basilFrom the regular menu:Spinach saladChicken salad sandwich (the lemon and basil in this make it so much better than what you think)Med platterThey get busy at lunch, so if you call in your order, expect to wait 20-25 mins before picking it up. Also it's very loud in the dining room...not a good place for a quiet conversation.
5	I've been seeing all these daily deals and pics of macarons everywhere so been wanting to try them myself to see what all the hype was about for these dainty delicacy but want them fresh without having to go to France or pay an arm and a leg for them to ship to me so I did a search to see if any bakery makes them. Found a local lady who bakes cakes and she had a Mother's Day special for a dz of all assorted flavor mini macaron sampler so I ordered 2 dz to try out. They were ok but not impressed as though were different flavors, the fillings were pretty much all buttercream/sweet cream which I did not care for. I didnt know what to compare it to since I've never had macarons before but thought I'd try elsewhere. I checked on here and read upon the raving reviews for Essence Bakery so decided to make a trip to check it out when I was in town. I ordered 3 of the large macarons (strawberry, espresso and vanilla) and wow! What a difference! They were so yummy! I wanted to get 1 of every flavor but it was alittle $ but then again, they were big macarons and the minis were too small wince I was sharing them with my daughter to try the flavors out. My daughter loved the strawberry and vanilla ones too. Too bad (or maybe it's a good thing or I might be in trouble) it's so far away from me but I difinitely plan on going there again to try out the other flavors next time I'm ever in the area or close to it again.
5	So I know I'm late to the party and don't have a ton to add that hasn't already been said so I'll just say OMG their macaroons are amazing!The croissants are fabulous as well. Light, flaky, oh-so-buttery. And they are fairly big. I brought two home, whipped up some eggs and bacon and made breakfast sandwiches with the. Super yummy. The chocolate croissants worth the extra calories as well.But let's go back to these macaroons they have. Wow. They are just a little crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside and the flavors really come through. The pumpkin is just delish - even if it's not fall!Sure this isn't the cheapest place in town but you get what you pay for. It's worth it for bakery items like this.
3	Ok so before you go here just be warned that the parking lot is a MESS!  Worst parking lot in AZ (and there are some bad ones).  Also beware that you will wait LONG for your food (think 45 min-1 hour).  Having said that I don't mind waiting for good food.  Also, this place is open only for lunch so make sure you check to hours before heading over there (I have made this mistake twice before finally catching the place when they were open).  The food is good.  I had the grilled ham and cheese with jalapeno.  It was really tasty and the mixed greens are pretty tasty too.  I also got some macaroons to go.  The chocolatey ones were really good, but the fruity ones kinda tasted like floor cleaner.  Not my favorite :-/Overall this place is OK.  Good food, OK macaroons, and OK service.  Worth checking out if you are in the area.
5	I finally made it here! A co-worker has brought treats in from Essence Bakery, on several occasions. My BF and I each had a macaron. One chocolate, and one vanilla bean. Both were excellent! The fillings were rich, sweet, and velvety. The cookie pieces of the macarons were perfectly chewy and dense. They were wonderful! A little pricey at $2.95 each, yes, but they were soooo delicious; its a nice special treat. Service was very friendly and helpful. The shop itself was clean and organized. It has a  relaxing atmosphere, especially with the trees canopying the building. It would be wonderful to sit outside in cooler weather.Definitely give this place a try!
1	I walked to the sandwich store right next door because I wanted lunch and then I wanted dessert.  My coworkers and I (4) of us came in with our starbucks to get some bakery.  Keep in mind, the sandwich place and Starbucks are all in the same plaza!!!Anyway, the lady at the counter said the owner didn't want food from the outside coming in.  therefore, we could not sit at the tables. The cashier was rude, and we even said we were buying some bakery.  She insisted that it was owner policy.  And then I said, "Really?"  She said "absolutely not" The three of us walked out and my friends refused to buy anything, while my other continued to buy a $2 cookie.  Needless to say, it was the size of a fist, cold and almost tasted frozen. We will never go there again, but if I do, I will be sure to have a bucket of chicken and act as though I don't hear them. Poor service, poor cookie, poor attitude, poor broke people when it goes out of business.
3	Essence had great service and a friendly staff.  The food was average and the setting could use a major uplift. The place seemed a little old and dingy for a bakery with some potential.
5	I have a history of raving about the food and owner at Essence.  I eat there at least a couple of times a week.  I could write weekly about what I've loved.  Today I had the wild Alaskan smoked salmon special.  The salmon is delicious, the fresh dill on the salad is such a perfect compliment as well as the potato cake.  Delicious! Only to be topped by a chocolate cherry turnover.  I've never had a chocolate turnover, nor seen one.  Wasn't sure I'd like it.  It was amazing.  The dough was so light, yet had a definite hint of brownie flavor and the cherry filling was so fresh and homemade, not too sweet, really just perfect.  What an amazing combination of flavors.  Eugenia, you totally out do yourself every single week!  Thank you for local, seasonal, healthy food.  Not sure what I'll do the two weeks you're gone!
5	Absolutely love the Croque Madame and macaroons ! Such a great place and the associates are so nice!
3	I have mixed feelings for Essence Bakery. The food is not always consistent. One time I ordered steak sandwich and the meat was raw. I think they get busy during lunchtime but serving raw meat should be last thing. Their macarons are excellent. Croissant and brioche bread is also delicious. Still, I think the only reason I go there is to eat macaron.
5	I went here for the first time on Saturday, June 29th to try some macarons before the cafe closed for summer vacation.  I purchased lemon, espresso, and chocolate macarons to take home.  The inside of the cafe is small but cozy and everyone appeared to be having a nice time.  The girl that took my order was friendly and packaged them up nicely (even asked if I was ok having them stored together).  Now-the macarons were delicious!  I had seen macarons in magazines and on television looking all pretty and colorful and had always wanted to try one.  They were perfectly chewy and soft at the same time.  I definitely will be back for more macarons and I want to try the croque madame-looks yummy!
1	So I ventured into the savory side of things. I came in at 7 in the morning on a weekday on a whim for what I thought was going to be a quick bite before a cram study session that turned into a 40-minute wait... for an egg sandwich. Without the egg. That's right, folks; I ordered an egg sandwich with all the additional costly fixings and ended up getting a slice of tomato and a slice of ham crammed inside a sliced croissant. No egg, no cheese; WTF, that's what the sandwich is! Would have raised a big stink about it (and I usually never, ever do this) but unfortunately I took it to go and didn't want to backtrack just to B&M about my sad, sad breakfast. I ate that damn sad excuse for an "egg" sandwich and hated every second of it.P.S. The service is horrid. I've seen it mentioned in other reviews, but seriously. I waited for 40 minutes for them to... fry a piece of ham and slice a croissant? And the restaurant was practically empty. There was a kid interviewing for a job, a family who was served right after I arrived, and a couple out on the patio finishing up their brekkie. I asked for an update once, after about thirty minutes of waiting with no offering of water or anything. The lady at the counter gave me a frosty look and said, "It's coming."Well, guess what, lady? It never came. At least not the sandwich I ordered.
4	Wonderful place. Will definitely be back for more when I am in the area.
2	Macaroons are great, the one I had today was a little over filled but still great flavor! I was however extremely disappointed... I ordered the Greek Caesar with chicken - the chicken add was 2.95 for deli slices chicken. The atmosphere has a great feel but they need to turn the a/c on...
4	Macaroons! Big, beautiful display when you walk in, with lots of people crowded around picking out flavors. The bakery itself is small, with everyone moving around trying to order and find seats. The staff are serious, to the point, and not terribly friendly, but they are quick and efficient.Tried a pumpkin, hazelnut, chocolate, and caramel macaroon. Pumpkin is so good - makes me so nostalgic for the holidays. Chocolate and hazelnut macaroons are rich and delicious. The caramel is very sweet - I might skip it in the future, but if you have a serious sweet tooth, give it a try. Also had a fudgey chocolate cookie (I forget the exact name), which was good.The macaroons here are the best I've had in Phoenix. I will definitely be back!
3	The macarons are so bad out there. Too sweet ! Cant believe people love it here. Please save it for some other place. A better place.And if you order a take out, you still have to stand in that long line they usually have while your food gets cold and soggy.  Not exactly a time saver.The food was good. Amazing as a matter of fact.
4	Essence is a favorite weekend brunch spot.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but I definitely recommend the Croque Madam (sign me up for the gruyere cheese, tomato, fried egg deliciousness!)or the crepes.  If you visit for lunch, the grilled cheese sandwich will make your taste buds rejoice. Or go for the Mediterrean Roasted Vegetable sandwich - veggies & goat cheese?  Just go ahead and close your eyes and say mmmmm right now!     Essence is a great place for a special weekend with girlfriends or your sweetie (or soon to be sweetie - great date spot too!).  Take an assortment of the macaroons to go, you will be happy you did!
1	K-cup at home= Essence quality of coffee at fraction of cost. Next time you're ordering a latte watch their method- they use a machine from Dillard's, the end result is BAD NEWS. Pastries good, coffee . . NEVER AGAIN!
3	I got some macarons to go, and indulged in a single latte with soymilk, and a French crepe. The French crepe was a small looking portion served in a bowl, with vegetables, ham, and bechamel sauce covering it. I liked the addition of fresh grape tomato and fresh chives on top. The crepe was decent, but the sauce was cold in the middle, and the veggies inside looked and tasted overcooked, which makes me suspect the crepe was made way ahead of time, then reheated in the oven. The soy latte was smooth and rich. It went well with the macarons, which were light, yet chewy with a hint of crispness.Service was friendly, and my order was brought out to me quickly (Maybe because all they needed to do was reheat it).I'd probably go here again for the bakery items, but I'm not so sure I'd pay for the breakfast savory items again.
4	Macarons are pretty good. Comparable to the best I've had in LA. I wish they had a few more flavors of the large ones. The little ones are too small - more like a teaser and are only sold in preset multiples. Also, they close early so plan accordingly. Service sacrificed friendliness for efficiency imo.
4	I love this place. It tends to be packed and it's not usually the fastest as everything is made from scratch but they do try. To elaborate on that in my opinion they have awesome customer service, yes they are not a fast place but it's NOT like they stand around and chat while you wait they really are working. I can appreciate that. I'm excited, they are opening a second location on 32nd and Indian School.
5	Everything I have tried here is fantastic! Macarons are the best things I have ever eaten. This is definitely a place to try! Make sure you come early because it is fairly small and gets very busy.
5	I love this cafe! I used to work a few minutes from Essence, and would order lunch from here all the time. The greek caesar salad is amazing. I've also had their pastries, which are delicious. If you're coming to pick up lunch, I recommend you order ahead - it gets pretty crowded/busy.
3	I'm torn about this place. The food is high quality but the price reflects that. I've had good stuff here and also bad stuff. For starters Their Napoleon cake was delicious and perfect in every way. I could have that every day if it wouldn't make me incredibly fat. It was the perfect combination of sweet, light, and flaky that I was looking for.Their burger on the other hand had much to be desired. I was so disappointed in it because of the beef. It was well overdone, dry, and tasteless. It was also a little tough and yet not piping hot either. I was never asked how well I wanted it done and I guess I should have made my preferences known... The toppings that came with it were high quality though and would work well otherwise, but that small overdone patty ruins the whole thing. At $9 with a small scoop of potato salad (pretty good) it wasn't worth it at all. I'm willing to try this place again, because those croissants looked good, but I suggest sticking to the bakery items.
5	I consider this place to be the best bakery in town-- here's why.Their caramel macaroons are ah-may-zing! I've had macaroons from various places from Hawaii to Anaheim, Ca, and these are by far my absolute favorite. The caramel filling is sweet, creamy, and fantastic when slightly chilled. The macaroon cookie itself has a perfect consistency that sits somewhere between chewy and crispy. Macaroons from Essence are literally my favorite baked good next to my friend's home made pumpkin cookies with cream cheese frosting. JUST GO TRY ONE. I can't vouch for their food just yet, but if I happen to try it out, I'll post an update here. Cheers!
4	I went here for lunch today for the first time. I typically just come here for the macaroons but today I wanted something different. This rating is solely based off if the food and not the customer service. I ordered the daily special and my coworker ordered the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich. The food was really good. This is what happened: I called in the order for pick up for me and a coworker and everything seemed ok. They never gave me the total amount just that they would see me there. One would think that they just put in the order and of course when you get there to pay. When we got there I asked them to ring them up separately and WOW was that a fiasco. They seemed annoyed that I would even dare ask to ring them up separately. At this point the lady ringing me up asked for assistance from another girl. That girl told me to tell them ahead of time when I call in to tell them it was two separate orders- the attitude was uncalled for to say the least. While ringing me up I asked to add on a macaroon and holy moly... I think I ruined their day by asking that so I told her to ringing it up by itself if it was that big of a problem but she insisted it was fine and while adding that one she reiterated that next time I should tell them ahead of time to separate the orders. I just about lost it but decided against it. I had a meeting to go to and didn't have time to stand there and tell both of them the money I just paid for my lunch is what they make or less than what they make in an hour of working and I did not need the snooty attitude. I am paying a lot of money for good food and horrible customer service. It's sad to say that they are known for such a horrible attitude yet people still come- essence bakery is lucky that their food is decent otherwise no one would come.  If I were to rate their service I would give them not even one star.
5	Go early to get the best pastries, but their menu items are great too!
4	I felt this place was pricey but enjoyed the desserts.  The macaroons are good and the breakfast is tasty but the portions are sooo small.
4	Generous proportions, delicious macaroons, fresh salads. It's a little on the pricey end, but I left full and happy. I would highly recommend the egg salad sandwich (comes with mixed green salad or potato salad) and the caramel macaroons. Worth every penny!
5	Great spinach, cranberry and goat cheese salad! Enough to make a healthy lunch and had to finish it with one of their delicious pumpkin macaroons. Will be back again I'm in this part of town.
3	I come back over and over. Their food is good, and cookies are incredible. That said, OMG the service. SO SLOW! For a restaurant that partially prepares everything the night before (yes, this means no substitutions), it's frankly unacceptable. I stopped in yesterday for lunch take-out. It took nearly five minutes of standing in line to be helped, because even though I was second in line and there were two registers, neither of them were manned. One woman was making coffee, and I'm still unsure what the other was doing. After finally being helped (just a macaron and a sandwich to go), it took another 15+ minutes to get my food. After trying pretty much everything in their pastry case over the last 3 years, I've only been disappointed by the grapefruit (not nearly enough citrus flavor) and vanilla (again, too light) macarons. Everything else is delightful. Food here ranges from pretty good to really good, but the service is abysmal. They did have a "help wanted" sign up at the far end of the counter, so hopefully they can get someone in there soon.
5	Went here this morning and picked up some macarons for me and my friends at work. I love the key lime one. I will defiantly be back since it's so close.
5	So good.... If I worked closer to this place, I'd be there everyday at lunch. Everything I've ever tried has been wonderful!
5	Even though this place is always slam packed busy, it's worth the wait. The macaroons are heaven and salads delicious. Prices are high but it's a great treat.
3	Have heard about this place for a while now and it sounded so good. We really wanted to try it out. Finally made it on a Saturday around noon.  Having heard so much about the baked goods, we were eager to try some. Sadly, the bakery case was pretty much out of everything but a few macarons. Should have come earlier! We did try one and it was super good but that's beside the point. Unfortunately the size of everything was so teeny tiny and the prices were so far above average that it was kind of disappointing. I would probably come back for just a croissant and coffee but that's about it.  Still 3 stars because what we did have was quite good.
2	The thing about Essence is the food is wonderful but the service is awful. Although its a French inspired restaurant, I don't like to be treated like a "stupid American." Every time I go there I thoroughly enjoy the food, but I generally wait 30 minutes for each dish, and I have to expect to be treated poorly. Today I went to Essence with my mother who ordered a bowl of berries, after paying for them and waiting a half hour they brought out a bowl of pineapple and grapes. My mother kindly told them that she ordered berries and requested to have the order fixed. The waitress took the plate away, and we were rudely approached by the owner, who told my mother she did not order just berries and that my mother was wrong. The owner refused to give my mother berries, so she asked for a refund. They did give her the money back, but it was done in a very rude tone. When you think about what makes restaurants great, you often take in the whole experience. The service is always important. Essence needs to learn that service is everything. Good food only keeps people coming back for so long, and after a few more bad experiences there I don't think I will go back either.
4	The cookies are amazing.  I always buy a few to take home.  They need more meal selections for lunch in my opinion.  Also, they tend to run low on iced tea a lot.  Food is really great though.  Sit outside for a quieter atmosphere.
5	My office is close, so I stop in about once a month. The number 1 item bringing me in is the macaroons. Heavenly macaroons. I've traveled all over NYC, and still haven't found ones that compare to Essence Bakery's version- so fresh, light, and melt-in-the-mouth delicious. Flavors are seasonal, and a variety are available daily: Pumpkin, Salted caramel, blood orange, mango, pistachio, etc.For lunch- I typically order whatever is on special, and have always had a wonderful lunch. I order out, but sometimes I eat in. Bring some macaroons back for your co-workers- they will thank you/and love  you!
5	With the great reviews this cafe has received, I always wanted to try it. My new job is right down the street, and this has become my staple lunch spot. The food is fresh, yummy and not your run-of the mill options. The quiche and salad are one of my favorites. Everything I've tried has been great! There is a special every day. I have yet to try the famous macaroons because I have a sweet tooth, and with the quality of all the other menu items, I'm scared I'll become addicted!
2	Nothing special. Our food was decent but...1. The music was too loud for a small cafe so it was difficult to have a conversation2. The owner was less than friendly (and easily annoyed)3. The coffee was cold (but replaced quickly)4. They charge an additional $1.00 for butter/jam for a croissant. What?!?!?? Don't nickel/dime a customer when you can just as easily add a few cents to each item on the menu and still come out even. It makes an establishment look cheap and certainly not customer friendly.The French scrambled eggs were more like an omelet and not creamy at all. They tasted fine but were not represented properly. The quiche was tasty and hot and the breakfast cereal was good.Like I said, the food was fine but there were enough other issues that we won't be returning.
5	Seriously MUST try! Anytime I am in Tempe I hit Essence Bakery for a yummy treat or breakfast/lunch. The macaroons are so delicious, I can never just order one. (If you have never tried a macaroon i would suggest a box of the mini's so you can try 12 flavors to see what you like.) My personal fav is the hazelnut but the raspberry is a close second. Recommendations for breakfast: Brioche French Toast (add fresh fruit.)Recommendations for lunch: Quiche Lorraine, Local Power Ranch Beef Hamburger (add dubliner cheddar and avocado) and Organic Spinach and Cranberry salad (add chicken.)Essence Bakery is a cute little restaurant, if you are in need of a fun place to sit and catch up with a friend or have a sweet tooth attack this is the bakery for you.
5	Never eaten a meal here but the macarons are to die for! Yes, they are expensive, but it is absolutely worth every penny!  I don't think I ever tried a flavor that I didn't care for (shocker, I know!) and we were willing to drive from Goodyear to Tempe just to buy them! Now that I'm no longer in the area I desperately miss them! Anyone with a love of macarons definitely needs to give these a try!
2	Service is a major part in an Establishment. With that said this place needs to work on it. They HELLA SLOW........ last and only time I come here.
1	The woman at the cash register taking our order was very rude. I won't be coming here again.
5	I love coming to this place. Amazing pastries and food. The chef studied in France before coming here to open this place. Her fruit tarts are to die for. Gosh I keep dreaming about the fruit tarts. Today I had the vegetarian quiche with a side of fruit. My new favorite here. Sorry I didn't take a pic of the quiche. I was hungry.
5	Macaroons live up to the hype. Perhaps the best thing in Phx!  The original caramel is superior to the others...  Croissants transport you to France. Lunch items all consistenly good. However, it gets very crowded. Go off hours....
4	This place is a hidden gem in Tempe. Although it is a pretty small place they make you feel welcomed. The first thing I saw was the dessert goodies. I could not wait to try the infamous macarons. I ordered the Open Rib Sandwich with a side of Potatoe Salad. It was delish, definitely worth the wait. We had dessert right after. I had the raspberry and also tried my sisters lemon macaron.I can't get enough of them!
5	Very small place but it has a cozy feel and the staff treats you like you're important as a customer. I had the Essence Egg Salad cold sandwich which was amazing. I will definitely be returning!
4	This is the first time I have had someone ask me if I wanted to go to lunch and get some macaroons. I guess you could make a meal out of them. I would probably be pretty upset later for making that decision, though. After asking for clarification that someone told me that his destination of choice, Essence Bakery Cafe, was more than just a macaroon shop. It certainly was in so many ways. The impetus of the Essence lunch outing was for macaroons, admittedly. But after looking at their menu online it looks as though I was going to be able to get a good lunch while running this co-worker's errand. The Essence name went as far as to having another co-worker get on board for the lunch with great enthusiasm. I guess I was in for a treat.When we arrived I was surprised to see that it was a simple little location in an unassuming store front off University Avenue. Parking was limited but I was lucky enough to score a spot up front next to a Subaru Forester which was much more fortuitous than I gave it credit for at the time. I immediately noted the activity of several people in and outside of Essence apparently already enjoying their visit. I guess arriving early might not be enough. Upon entering, I started this small experience.Up front there is a small display case full of pastries, macaroons, and other baked goods. For a bakery, not a huge display but a good representation nonetheless. Personally I was here just for lunch after all. Having read the menu online already I was able to observe more closely the environment before ordering my predetermined meal. Smaller dining area with standard table and chair configuration with about 25% of capacity already taken by 1100 when we arrived. Two sides of the establishment are windowed so enough light poured through to feel inviting. I ordered the chicken club and took a seat.The sandwich was pretty good. Noticeably fresh ingredients, good portions, excellent taste. The French Dijon potato side was also pretty good. Not exactly my normal style of potato salad but I won't knock it due to its freshness and taste. My fellow diners that were with me also enjoyed their meals quite a bit as well from what they said. I also tasted a chocolate chip pastry (that actual name of it eludes me currently but it was a type of croissant I believe) and it was very rich and delicious as well. A pretty good meal overall.For an off the cuff lunch decision, Essence was a delightful experience. I wouldn't make it a weekly visit and it wouldn't personally go on my top choices simply because of its distance from my place of work. But I would encourage anyone to visit it to see what they think.
2	I wish I continued reading more reviews instead of just the first 3 and looking at the pictures.First I'll say is the wait was wayy too long.  We came into this place for a breakfast before we went to our volunteering event, and the wait for our food really made us pushing it to get there on time, not to mention the fact that we had to send our food back because it wasn't thoroughly cooked,Now onto the meal... Certainly not work the money!  The eggs were raw (and sent back as previously stated), the sausage was disgusting, the mushrooms dried out quickly.  They got my friend's order wrong, but since they didn't enter it correctly on the receipt, they didn't offer to correct her order either.  When I sent back my eggs, the waitress said "just so you know, this is a french-inspired restaurant and this is how they eat their eggs".  Good for the French, but we're in America, and I want my eggs cooked all the way through... and not even an apology.   As far as the service goes, they were just slow.  The staff came across as unapologetic and stressed, which I don't know why because while I was sitting there, I only saw them bring out food for the couple that ordered before us.  The other 4 sets of people that were there before us either didn't order food (I'm assuming because no food ever came for them) or already had their food.  Overall, it was just a bad experience.  If I can say anything positive, the macarons were good.  My friend enjoyed her croissant, and the timing for our replacement eggs were much quicker.  IF and its a big IF I ever go here again, it will be strictly for the pastries.
1	Soooo....I came across this place on Yelp and saw that it had 4 out of 5 stars.  I tried to click on the link to bring up the written reviews, but for some reason I was unable to get the app to respond.  This was unfortunate because we probably would have gone elsewhere for breakfast had I been able to read the negative comments beforehand.  However, we experienced Essence for ourselves, expecting the quality and service that we have enjoyed at other establishments that are rated so highly.  Sadly, we were disappointed,  and now that we are able to read the customer reviews,  we can testify that the multiple reports of poor customer service and undercooked food are honestly written.  The woman who took our order at the register was not friendly.  She did not greet us with a smile. She seemed annoyed and asked "What can I get for you?", then rudely interrupted me several times while I was trying to order.  When she handed me the receipt to sign, there was no place to add a tip, and when I asked about it she responded in a scolding manner, "You would have had to tell me before I ran the card." I'm used to being able to add a tip to the receipt,  or being asked if I would like to add one if it needs to be run through with the purchase. We waited about 40 minutes for the food to arrive, and my "scrambled" egg was like an omelet that was lightly cooked on the outside and literally runny inside. I asked if I could have it cooked more thoroughly.  10 minutes later my plate was returned with a replacement egg that was not cooked any more than the original. Once more I sent it back to be cooked, and this time it was returned to me burnt on the outside and barely done inside. At this point, I gave up. The french toast and syrup that came with it was cold.  The milk that was poured over the granola was warm. The prices were high and the "service" was not anywhere near my definition of service.  We were unimpressed and won't be back.
3	I give the overall restaurant a 3 not because of poor service but moreso because of their breakfast prices. Extremely high. But I give their pastries - especially their macaroons a 10!!! Their macaroons are to die for! I find that I have to talk myself out of buying them all and eating them immediately.
2	HHmmm. Where to start... Should I start with the tiny cup of soup with the under cooked beans? Or perhaps the horribly under seasoned chicken sandwich which lacked texture of any kind? Man, if that was the "Special," I don't know that I want to return for the regular menu. Glad I had the French Napoleon for dessert, that saved this review from getting downright nasty.
5	Go. Right. Now. Macaroons are beautiful and delicious.
5	Drove an hour to get there based on advice from friends. Totally worth it, food was exceptional, and the macaroons are amazing. Make sure you get some to go, since you will be dreaming about them later.
4	Best macaroons in the ValleyHeard about Essence's macaroons from a friend and hit the place up.  It's a small shop-- maybe 12 table tops total, plus a bakery case near the cash register.  The selection of pastries is small, but excellent.We took a to-go order of a dozen macaroons, a small sweets box, a carmel-sugar pastry, and a ginger soda.  All rocked.  The macaroons are everything they were cracked up to be.  The carmel-sugar thing made my little girl's day, though I thought the sweetness and slight liquor finish were a bit much.  And the sweets box of small cookies and tarts was perfect to share as dessert for dinner.Can't say anything about the restaurant part of the shop.  Ooh, but they did have big macaroons (maybe 3.5" in diameter), which I have never seen, before.Lady who took care of us at the register was very nice.
3	I would have given this place two stars if it weren't for their macarons.  I had the hazelnut macaron and it was amazing.  We ate brunch there and it was good, but not amazing for the price.   My husband had the lunch special that day which was bacon and cheese in a puff pastry served with eggs and salad, and it was a good dish, but you can get that at any other place.  I had the French Brioche and I was a bit disappointed because it looked and tasted like something I could have done myself (actually, my husband makes a better version of what I had).  I would go back for the macarons, but I'm going to try to make it myself because $3 for one is a bit pricey for me.
5	I was so happy to find this little gem while traveling on business. I was looking for a place that offered fresh organic food since these types of places have such delicious food. I was not disappointed. I had the frenchy eggs - scrambled eggs but with avocado and a fresh tomato salsa, so good!I saw a chocolate sea salt tart that looked to die for. Maybe I can come back some day for it.They also have a nice little patio - it was delightful considering it was 70 degrees! perfect place to start my day.
2	The place is small but they have a patio that appears to accomodate as many folks outside as the actual dining room.  Menu is above register which is also where the baked goods case is located.  Makes it difficult to come in and view the case while someone is placing their order.  Intersting menu items and decadent looking desserts.  That Napoleon LOOKS impressive.  If I make it back here I WILL be having one of those.  I ordered a scramble with spinach in it -can't recall the name.  It was just okay.  It was more like a fluffy, undercooked omelette.  That could be a HUGE problem if I had been dining here with my spouse but for me, eh, no worries.    The macaroon was interesting but not like a traditional macaroon, much bigger to start.  Have to say it was rather tasty too.  My issue with this place -It took so long to get our food.  For almost $24.00 I could get a full breakfast served and my coffee refilled.  I just don't think you get your money's worth here and the long wait just took it off of my places I bookmark.  For a week day the place was hopping and the parking lot was crazy -and it wasn't even close to the lunch hour.
5	Best Macaroon in the entire East Valley!  WOW!
1	This place has a little potential but the service is really lacking. The staff is very inefficient and not too friendly. The place is small, crammed and stuffy. I waited 30 minutes for an egg sandwich... WHY? It was totally undercooked and the bread looked like a heart attack, far too much butter. Not to mention, they charge WAY too much. This restaurant is just... a No. The only thing I might give them props for is their tasty looking desserts. But if you can't cook an egg... not eating your pastries. Sad.
4	Had a great little lunch here today with a friend. Fast service and tasty blue cheese grilled cheese sandwich and salad. Our only complaint was that it was very crowded, poor atmosphere due to no decorations or style and the bathroom I'm extremely strong chemical smell from the spray they let people use it was hard to breathe and nauseating it was so strong. We didn't get around to having a dessert I've heard that they're amazing but we had a nice experience not one of my favorites but a good lunch place if you don't mind crowds.
5	The macaroons are phenomenal! I've always had very friendly service here and never disappointed with the food. The blended coffee drinks are not of my favorite but everything else makes up for it. They have a cheese croissant that I love and a bunch of other delicious grab and go types of food. It's a great spot!
5	always an excellent choice
3	Well, there were some really great things about this place, and some really not so great things about this place. I think a lot of the things in the reviews I read seemed to be accurate about the restaurant, like about the food and service.One good thing was the cashiers were nice. Did not have any problems with that. I ordered the Mediterranean Platter, which on the menu said it could be made vegan upon request. However, when I asked for it to be made vegan, they said they couldn't because the Greek salad is pre-made. Was not a big issue, as I am vegetarian and not vegan, but I can see how this would be annoying for a vegan coming here! The food took a long time to arrive, not like crazy long, but longer than what seemed normal. My platter had hummus, crusty bread, a little salad, and dolmas. The hummus was delicious, I have to confess, I ate some of it just straight up with a fork. The crusty bread was tasty too, just a bit too crunchy, but good. The salad was a bit watery, but the flavors were good. The dolmas were horrific. Ive only had dolmas a few times, but these were the absolute worst, had a very strange flavor. No one at my table enjoyed them.The group I came with was mostly satisfied with their food. My boyfriend's grilled cheese was a little cold. Not like really cold, just cold in terms of what you'd expect in a grilled cheese. Also the water tasted weird, but its Arizona, so this is nothing new!The desserts were pretty dang good. We shared a cranberry white chocolate cookie, a pumpkin spice macaron, and a caramel macaron. The caramel was the best! The other two were good as well. My boyfriend got a French chocolate macaron, and it tasted like a brownie. Kinda sad I missed coming here for breakfast! I do not know if I'd come back for a meal, but I would come back for some macarons if I was in the area.
4	So far Essence Bakery has been my top fave for macaroons in AZ! Vibrant colors and a punch of flavors, such as grapefruit, chocolate espresso, lemon, raspberry, and vanilla bean rum. Breakfast goods: gruyere Cheese croissant (3.50). Quiche Lorraine with a cup of fruit ($8.25). Essence French Scramble eggs with Dijon mustard and chives and a side of toast with butter and jam ($6.75). If you're on their mailing list you will always get the week's specialty menu.
5	I have been coming here for years since my ASU days. Whatcan you say? The food is amazingly fresh and flavorful, the pastries are...I don't even have words to describe it, just salivating noises. Caramel cream macaroon? It's like your first orgasm. Drinks are awesome too. Keep up the good work guys. Never bland or boring here.
4	Just had 2 giant and Amazing Macarons one was a Citrus Grape fruit flavor and the better of the 2 THE ESPRESSO flavor OMG i wanna go back for more! I had the Soup of the date it was good and so was the salad I noticed the Bacon arugula salad after i had ordered that looks awesome and I will need to go back and try. Essence Bakery Cafe is one of tempe's hidden little gems!
3	The food is superb. However (especially for breakfast), the portions are small and the cost is pretty high. I'll definitely come back for the Vanilla Coffee (a must try), but I think I'd rather eat somewhere else.
3	Ah. I was really looking forward to my essence experience. However, every time I've gone it's been an off day and they've been closed. Well, I finally made it, and I can say that it wasn't as great as everyone said it would be. Their macarons were less than stellar and the ambience was like packing sardines in a can. A good cappuccino did occur, so I will give them that!
4	The food is amazing. I have never hade a macaroon that was so yummy. The breakfast is the best part. I would say that the cost for the portions you get is a bit high but the quality is there.
3	Small portions and expensive. The food was OKAY. I had 6 different very small cute macaroons which were all soooo gross and kinda bland except the pink one.. That was raspberry goodness.I also had a quiche, that was very good BUT would have been way better with more cheese or meat or something! Halfway through the quiche it just felt like way too much egg and spinach, and it came with a small side of fruit.I might come here again to order a different entree but not any time soon, also the tables are way too close together so be prepared to be bumping in to everyone if you go to the bathroom or leave.
5	I ate at the Essence Bakery for the first time yesterday.  I ordered the Chicken Club sandwich.  It came with "grain" bread which doesn't always thrill me, but I decided to try it anyway.  The sandwich was great, the bread was fresh and soft, the chicken moist and tasteful.  The service there was very positive and helpful, they go out of their way to be of service.I also ordered some of their macaroons on the recommendation of a friend I had lunch with.  They were delicious, unlike any macaroons I had ever had.  I took one home for my wife who also agreed with me.  They are very rich and very tasteful.  I ordered the French Chocolate macaroons.For a cafe, you could not ask more...the Essence Bakery Cafe was a great experience.
3	I have been visiting this place for more than 4 years.  While I do enjoy most of their pastries, the quality is quite inconsistent.  I always get at least 6 macaroons when I am there, and usually 2-3 pieces are soggy or too sweet, while the other ones are fine.  It's quite random and there is no way you can tell from the look of it.  That said, their breakfast dishes are always good though so it's just their pastries that have quality issues.
4	I'm basing this review on the Chocolate Almond Croissant only since I just got that and it has pretty much changed my life. It has a perfectly flaky, crispy crust and the filling is moist and delicious. I'm probably going to get this every time, whenever I go to Essence.There are two things that left me bitter about this place:1) The lady who works there is really rude. We went in the afternoon to try to get the almond chocolate croissant b/c my friend wanted to try it. She dismissed us right away and said, "we have what you see. That's it." Oh okay. Walking out then.2) The fact that on the door, it says that it is open on Monday. I went there Monday at around 7:00am and of course it was closed. I went again another day and asked the same lady as referenced above about it. She said "oh yes, despite what the sign says on the door .." Umm? Why? Please change the sign & don't lie to the people who just want to get a croissant to start their day!
5	Yes, it's still pricey but their desserts are so good.  Now I only go as a treat.  My favs are the iced coffee, I have learned to enjoy the vanilla and the homemade caramel coffee is also good.  The mint chocolate chip macaroon is also great!
5	Big breakfast is to die for. You have to try the French eggs you will be surprised with the amazing flavor. You have to take home a chocolate filled croissant and a macaron, everything is made on the premises
