1	Awful place. The woman that works there has the most awful personality. They bait and switch the customer. I purchased a package for 5 colonic sessions I used only 3 and had 2 remaining. I scheduled my appointment and informed them that I had 2 sessions I was told that that was fine and scheduled the appointment. When I arrived she informed me my package was expired. I was shocked and told her that there was no expiration date on the package. She basically said oh well and said that she would not honor the package or refund the unused portion. I have filed a BBB complaint and have forwarded the email from which I purchased the package to the company. Nowhere does it say there is a time limit in which to use the colonics.  Incidentally they blast religious music without any regard to what you the customer would like to hear, very unprofessional and uncomfortable business.Response to owners response:This is just untrue! I never falsified anything!  I put my medical past on the paperwork, that's how she even knew about it!I did contact the BBB and they have tried many times to contact her with no response from her at all!  It is an open and unresolved investigation against her.   I did have 2 remaining sessions which she took and never refunded the money!  She confirmed over the phone that I had those sessions, that is why I made the appointment and went in there.  Only to be told once I arrived that she decided they were not valid anymore. This is my experience with this business, others have put their experiences in their reviews, clearly at least 2 others rate this business with 1 star.  My mistakes were pre-paying for a package and then being stuck going in there to use the package.
1	OMG! The previous yelper echoed my sentiments about this place precisely.  I don't know how this place stays in business.  Hydrotherapy is already an uneasy process but this owner's grim attitude makes it even more uncomfortable.  I can overlook a bad attitude here and there because everyone is allowed to have at least one bad day but this one just makes you feel bad for even coming in.  When you walk in, there's no real greeting and even though she's by the front desk, she doesn't address you for a minute.  This makes for an awkward situation. I felt like I had walked into the wrong place at first.  Anyway, I ended up going there because it was a LivingSocial coupon deal and I had wanted to try the  process.  After one session I reluctantly made a second one, and I showed up for the second one only to pick up the comfort items I purchased from the first visit. I didn't want to give this woman my money. I walked away promising myself that the next time I see a too-good-to-pass-up deal on LivingSocial or Groupon, stop and get Yelp before purchase.It has become apparent now that some businesses can only lure new customers from using online coupon deals because they can't keep people coming back for more. My advice to this owner is that the whole cleansing method is already an awkward situation, why not go out your way to make the client feel good about being there.-----------------------------------------------------PS: If you read the owner's response, keep in mind that my complaint is not about my appointment time.  I still showed up in enough time to have kept it or make a new one. It's about the ATTITUDE (edited on 7/28/12).
5	I have been going here for many years.  Cozy and comfortable place.  As comfortable as cleaning your rear can get LOL,,,  Always feel less bloated and more alert after my cleansing!! Private and believe it or not it doesnt smell.  I have never even smelled my own.  I cant believe I am disguising this but everyone should really do this.  It really does make a difference in the way I feel and makes me want to be healthy to keep feeling the way I do when I leave from my services.
1	I would most definitely go else where.... you pay for what you get is right cheap prices for cheap service! Although I never got the service I payed for threw Groupon my appointment was set at 1:00pm I arrived at 12:45 signed in an sat there for about 10mins I asked to use the bathroom the lady in the front was on her personal call payed no attention to me knowing I was there I spoke threw the glass letting her know I needed the bathroom she told me in a bothered tone she will get to me.... I said ok an stood there cause I needed the bathroom really bad... she said no you can go sit down ill get to you. I just let it slide cause this was my first time getting this colonics done. I was already nervous.... well after sitting for another 10mins im already irritated cause she hasn't payed any mind probably Still on her cell phone I walk up an asked if there was someone else who can at lease show me the way to the bathroom. ... She finally directed me after telling me my appointment was at 3:30 not 1:00 which I forsure knew it was at 1 cause I marked it on my calender while talking with whom ever it was making my appointment.... I got out to some forms I let her know I was gonna use this Groupon an it was my first time using Groupon she just made me feel like I was crap not helpful at all! She was very unpleasant her attitude an personality was awful.... after filling out the forms she told me a medication that I used maybe a few time in less then a week for preterm labor 2+years ago I would have to get a prescription from my Dr. That was fine but I asked if I can speak to someone about this an she said yes your doctor!  She just really made a very unpleasant thing even more uncomfortable!  If she is who is representing Arizona colon hydrotherapy when someone walks in then I feel bad for whom ever owns this place! I felt from the time I stepped up to the window she just made everything very complicated an very uncomfortable!  I will most definitely not return!
1	I did like the do it yourself facilty, had about 6 sessions IR and Colonics and prepaid for 5 more (2 through living social and 3 directly through their site).  However, they have not been returning any of my calls or e-mails to make an appointment.  And their website is down.  I stopped by and their doors are closed for not paying rent.  Not sure if they are out of business or what.  However they have a few hundred dollars of mine without providing any service.
