5	have you ever had a headshot? me neither. but since i'm actually trying to enjoy this acting thing, i was told "if you want to make any inground, you gotta get some headshots. check out Scott Hays at Photo Fusion". he happened to be running a special, and since this was my first shot, i'd give it a go. actually, it was more fun than i expected. scott told me to bring a couple of different shirts and possibly have some makeup done to get the gloss off my face. he gave me a bunch of tips of what to prepare, like shaving the day before so that your face doesn't look all red and bumpy. we arrived at his studio in old town and he kept the atmosphere very relaxed and patiently guided me throughout. i've heard how real actors/models, etc know how to pose and work the camera. i do not. therefore, i found it very helpful that he coached me through almost the entire session. he took many, many shots in the studio and then we walked outside and he took many, many more shots. and now, i just wait for him to touch up the best ones and then i get them. all that for a summer special of 79 bucks. so as i was recommended to Scott, i'm passing the good word on...he's great for beginners and by his portfolio, the advanced as well!
5	I had a photo shoot done here with Scott Hays Photography and also took an acting class here with Linda Waymire. The space is well designed and bright in a great location. Susan the photographer who holds the lease is extremely nice. She specializes in pet photography. As a space it's wonderful. As my experiences here in this space is with Linda Waymire and Scott Hays Photography, I will be reviewing them under separate and their own individual reviews.
5	What can be said about PhotoFusion that hasn't already been said? Everado and Susan are awesome. I use them for their professionalism, attention to detail, and all around hospitality. When I need something more than special Everado knows how to go about capturing that perfect image and when I need help with an idea he offers his passion and expertise. As a small business owner, I will definitely keep using them knowing that they help in making my business succeed.
