4	We got there at the right time.  We were able to get a breakfast sandwich with french fries.  Our timing will probably never be that great again, but we will try, lol.  Gotta love McDonald's fries!
4	I love this McDonalds mainly because of the drive thru staff, they are simply the best.  We stop here on the way to the Saguaro Ranch Dog Park for soft drinks all the time and the staff almost knows our order before we make it.
1	Dirty restaurant!When I walked in I was struck by how dirty the restaurant was. The floors looked like they never get mopped plus litter on them. Behind the counter the stainless needed cleaning, especially where the sundae toppings were. Most tables had trash on them.I complained to the manager, a young dark haired girl who said she would get to it. Yeah, right...Most of the customers 1 saw that day were using the drive thru so they would be unaware of the dirty restaurant.I will not be back. There are plenty of other McDonalds that at least appear clean.
1	This place is terrible! Ugh. So much I could say about this location but I'll try to keep this sort. They employe people who obviously can't understand the basic English language, because when I go through the drive through they struggle to get the order right unless you make them repeat it a dozen time. It is upsetting every time. Next up let's go over their food. Their food, where do I start...their frys are always always always soggy and taste old. You know how everyone's favorite frys are mcdonalds frys? Yeah, not at this location. They are an unholy abomination and will make you cry because they are so terrible. It's just not right! Then we get to their burgers...I can only say that apart from not being made from real beef, these tend to taste nothing like beef as well. I think you understand my point by now. This place has discussing food. I don't know the cause or the solution. I highly recommend staying away from this place if you want good food. If you are desperate for McDonald's and want food, please take the 5 minutes to drive an extra 1-2miles away to another location. That is all. Avoid this shit like the plague.
