4	I was in Charlotte for a wedding and needed a pedicure. I asked at the front desk of my hotel for a recommendation, and this place happened to be within walking distance. All I care is that a nail place is clean, relaxed, and not overpriced. I was not disappointed. The staff was very professional and not rushed. Many friendly regulars walked in while I was there. Will definitely return if I'm in town again! $20 well spent.
4	A nice place. I came in with extremely short nails... ok I bite them. I asked the technician if I could get a manicure or do I have to get a full set of nails. She didn't try to upsell me a full set. The place was clean and the staff was friendly. And the price is extremely reasonable. I would totally come back again.
5	I've always had great service here. There have been a lot of changes to the space recently to make it more relaxing. The staff is polite, courteous, and great at what they do. My manicures have always been perfect here. They are slightly cheaper if you pay cash.
2	I've only been here 2x and both times had a pedicure and gel manicure. The first time was okay, but the nail tech was rather snotty and had attitude the entire time. PLEASE, if you are offering "discount" for customers paying in cash you have no reason to be a snot! Give me a break! The 2nd time I had the same snotty tech and she was just as expected-snotty! The pedicure was a joke and they basically do a quick rub and no true callus removal at all. The dryers they use for the gel manicure are old and trashy and have a handmade taped cardboard piece in the middle of it to help you place your hands correctly so that the gel actually adheres. Well guess what, it didn't work and my thumbs were actually chipping the next day when a gel manicure should last 1.5-2 weeks. It wasn't worth dealing with them to go back and have it fixed so instead I'll just let everyone know not to go there and instead go elsewhere.
4	Got a pedicure here today and it was a good experience. The salon is clean and I like that they have curtains between the chairs to give you a little privacy. I also liked that the employees were not chatting across the room to each other in a foreign language. The price for a basic pedicure is $22 if you pay cash and $24 credit. All tips are requested to be cash.My only complaint about the pedicure is I wish the massage lasted longer.
