2	I went to Wokee Express tonight, per my friend's suggestion. If I'm craving Chinese food, I typically go to Taste Of China. However, I wanted to try something different, so I asked around, and was directed to Wokee Express.The price of the food is great. At dinner, I got a large chicken plate combo. "Combo" means it comes with rice, egg roll, and crab puff. All of this only cost $7.75.However, the chicken was over-cooked, and the batter the chicken was fried in was soggy and mushy. There were no carrots or peas in the fried rice, which is a huge deal to me for some reason.So overall, if you're on a budget and want some good Chinese food, go to Taste Of China.
4	I've been there several times trying various menu items and all have been good. The Chicken Fried Rice (I always start with this on my 1st time in) was flavorful and had lots of chicken and vegetables. I have moved on to Pepper Steak and Mongolian Beef and a few others and they have all been quite tasty.
5	Love this place... I would say it is 90% consistent in the preparation of my favorite dishes... meaning 90% of the time is the ideal taste and texture... the other 10% it's still good but just not the way I really like it. The owners are super nice and remember you when you return. Nice little corner chinese place... love it!
3	This place was really pretty good. Food served take-out style in styro containers, but it is quite tasty, and huge portions. Working in Gilbert, it seems really hard to find good Chinese food for lunch, and this fits the bill perfectly. While it may not be perfect in terms of culinary execution, it is definitely tasty and I will be back for sure.
5	am typing this as i am eating my Wokee Express lunch combo.. it's so delicious it deserves a review ASAP!MUCH MUCH MUCH better than Panda Express..  Wokee Express doesnt taste perserved, although i dont know if they use MSG.. i shld have asked..i ordered the orange chicken lunch combo with white rice instead of their fried ( was just in the mood for white rice) and got it in a jiffy  (means less than 10 minutes)the crab puff that comes with the combo was really good.. although the egg roll was kinda weird-- in many of my reviews i said i hate and dont eat egg rolls.. but i just have to give them a chance  so i only had ONE BITE!!! it tasted like it has seasoning of some sort.. interesting taste, but like i said i dont like egg rolls..the Orange chicken was really good.. did taste orangey unlike panda express and other chinese american chains they dont taste like orange.. So Wokee Express hit the spot.. Orange chicken is orange chicken.. very good!! Lunch special combo was $5.25 or $5.75  worth every cent!I love dumplings but next time... ( i wonder how it tastes though, i bet it wld be good here 10 dumplings for $6.75 i think.. not bad)ill be back! i also want to try Yoko Fast Food too..BTW they are open everyday except 3-4:30 as posted on their MENU .. its their lunch break.. Just so you know..
2	This place is fast, and very delicious!I had ordered take out here about 4 or 5 times now.  They advertise on their to-go menu, "IT'S THE BEST, HEALTHY, ALWAYS FRESH!".  The last time I ordered here, I had asked if they use MSG in there food.  They said that the oyster sauce they used contained MSG and was present in the beef chow mein and the kung pao I had ordered.  I understand many restaurants have been known to use MSG in their food, but how can they advertise as "HEALTHY" if if they use an ingredient widely known to cause medical issues like migraines or permanent brain damage?
5	In a word, YUMMY!  You wil not leave the table hungry either. Great value, and quality food. Been coming here since they opened. Enjoy!
4	Last time I was here I ordered the sesame chicken and scallop beef. I enjoyed the sesame chicken and the only thing that I didn't like about the scallops and beef where the scallops where just plain. Make sure if you pay with your ATM card they don't use it as credit like they did with me when I asked for debit so I wouldn't get charged credit card fees.
2	Dirty restaurant. Last time I went, my food all smelled and tasted fishy. They do have good portion sizes.
4	Kung Pao brocolli is the best!
5	The sign on the door says made fresh... and they weren't lying. My food was delicious, hot, and definitely fresh. Looks like I found the only good Chinese food in Gilbert. I can stop looking now!
4	My wife and I went to Wokee Express for the first time a few days ago. I like to try new places my wife does not. upon entering the restaurant I was not excited about the decor and the seating, but it seemed clean so that got the approval from my wife. We order our favorite kind of Chinese food to give the place a fair chance. We were pleasantly surprised when our food cam out as the portion size exceeded our expectations. The food was very good and I would recommend this place to anyone. The only reason for the 4 stars is the atmosphere.
