5	Need reasonable priced, unique & beautiful jewelry? Jason of Beverly Hills is the place! The employees were so kind and taught me all about diamonds and the jewelry they have in their store. Would recommend to people who can afford it!
5	If you are looking for something amazing, simple, or spectacular, Jason of Beverly Hills has something for you. Just walking by this store can catch anyone's attention. They make crazy pieces like rings with little guns studded with brilliant diamonds to adorable honeycomb necklaces complete with little gold bees flying around it. You have to check them out!I also heard they usually tailor to celebrities and other high profile clients but Ryan, one of the sales people there was giving us a more than reasonable deal on an engagement ring so really, this place is for anyone but they treat you like a celebrity, such great service here! Ryan was so knowledgeable and patient with us! He showed us ring after ring, was notpushy, and gave great recommendations! I definitely recommend his service when you go in. This place is high class all the way and anything you get here is sure to wow! A definite recommended must visit on your Vegas trips! They always have something interesting!
1	While the jewelry at Jason of Beverly Hills is fantastic, the customer service may be the worst I've ever had from a luxury retailer. I ordered a new ring for my wife which was supposed to take 2-3 weeks so it would be ready to surprise her when she returned home from a trip in 6 weeks. I was told three different times the ring was ready and that it had been shipped multiple times but they missed the delivery date. I was then told it was FedEx's fault but that was lie when I followed up with FedEx using the tracking number. When I got the ring I then found out they had sized it incorrectly and the insanity started all over again with more weeks filled once again with false promises, missed deliveries, promises of gift cards that never showed up and me wasting three vacation days waiting for the ring that didn't arrive. So if they don't have what you want in the store go buy it somewhere else.
