4	Chez Claudette is your typical Quebec diner. For breakfast, substitute egg and bacon by ham and beans. For lunch, try a delicious poutine with a homemade gravy or steamed hot-dogs (all dressed: sauerkraut, pickles et mustard). This places does it right in the details. For their hotdogs, the pickles are fresh and sweet. For their poutine, the fries are crispy, their curds are fresh (not refrigirated), and the gravy is made from scratch and not from a powder mix (it's a creamy textured beef gravy, with an obvious pepper seasoning). It is very good. In terms of the restaurant, its narrow L-shape ensures that you're having an intimate conservation with your friends and neighborhors. You choose if you like that or not :)edit: It seems like this place has gone downhill. I seem to be the only one who's reviewed Claudette and experienced warm fries... and I swear, it was a sober poutine experience when i went, and it was a good one!
3	Great late night greasy spoon.  Burgers, dogs, poutine - perfect fare to top off a night of binge drinking...
3	What to say about Claudette's -- it's open late, well that's it. Oh yeah some people love this place (young and usually drunk) and some people don't (sober). I've been there twice and the food was not bad for 3am. The poutine is big, the fries were good but the sauce was cold, cold poutine sauce??? That may just shutdown a place, the two diners on St Denis and Mont-Royal can give you a poutine in minutes with piping hot, tasty sauce which melts the cheese. Don't know if I will be back for more in 2012...??? Dun dun duhhh!!
2	Ok place to go at 2 or 3am but the poutine isn't so tasty.  My companion also claimed that the fries aren't crispy enough. The sauce was mediocre as well.  But if you're looking for late night eats in the neighbourhood, it's an option.
2	Nothing special. Probably 4 stars if you're drunk late at night. Funny how that improves just about any restaurant. If you're a tourist looking to try a classic Quebec poutine you should look elsewhere for the magical experience.
2	This was the poutine king during past visits, and I was happy for them to be noted as the most authentic in a New Yorker article about poutine after my first visit years ago. But it seems to have gone south. This time, the fries were greasier and soggy. The gravy had a nice flavor, but it was just lukewarm, and the cheese curds remained cold clumps between the not so great fries and lukewarm gravy. I like the size of the place and its vibe, and the servings are generous, but this visit was disappointing. As others here have pointed out, maybe my issue was that I was sober - but I've had better here before.
2	Well... I would maybe have been inclined to give Chez Claudette a higher rating if it hadn't been for the following....ordered a poutine classique to go, and then because it was pouring rain decided to eat it inside by the front door.  Even though the place wasn't busy, our french quebec waitress told us that "next time we order it to go, we have to eat it outside".the sauce also kind of tasted like thick canned poutine sauce.  it was still a delicious poutine and we ate the whole thing.Our small poutine was around $7.  the same price as any other poutine spot.
2	I think they're open 24hr on the weekends, which is only the real selling point for this place. Loads of different types of poutine, but it's a bit disgusting.
4	You can get vegetarian pogo (corndogs) poutine here. I feel like that statement should pretty much sum up my review.But no, I'll keep it going.Service was friendly, two of the guys in our group are regulars here. We sat on the patio and the wind knocked a beer over. DIDN'T MATTER. WE WERE EATING CORN DOG POUTINE.I don't like peppers or mushrooms so I picked a lot of the veggies out of my poutine, but I didn't mind, because.. corn dogs.
5	Perfect for a late night meal! The staff is friendly and the price is right! I've been known to frequent the place on late nights, i prefer it over the Banquise even if i'm across the street from it.. Its probably due to the huge line up the food is ok but the staff is half and half (i assume they are annoyed of the young drunks) Anyways all to say its my new spot for a late night meal they have a variety of food and even a terrace in the summer.
5	Got the large poutine. It was delicious! Great cheese, lots of sauce and tasty fries!I recommend it!!
