5	So I guess I have nothing to compare my experience to, but thanks to a Groupon I got to take a peek at Circle 6 Studios for an introduction to glass blowing workshop. What a cool, random, spontaneous thing to learn! I would recommend this experience to anyone! It is a little scary to be near a ball of melted glass that is burning hot! But the instructors are very nice and thorough in their explanations, so you will know what to do. They also keep a close watch over everyone to avoid accidents. My intro class made a glass flower. The whole process of making the flower probably took under 2 minutes, but learning the techniques and getting everyone in the class to do it took about 2 hours. Classes are usually $50 but $25 on Groupon and Living Social right now. I would recommend closed toed shoes. The studio is hot from all the glass heating so no need for a jacket! The studio is behind a house, there is a sign on the side of the road. Pull into the driveway and park in the back, you'll see it! This was a cool thing to learn how to do!
5	I like Rebecca found this through Groupon. My husband and I had a lot of fun, and our flowers turned out quite pretty. I was curious about doing color, but I guess that is more advanced. Still, I'd definitely recommend it and hey, we may go back for a full blown workshop. Way Cool Experience!
5	When I saw the groupon for a glass blowing class I ordered two immediately.  What could be more fun than glass blowing!!The answer, not a whole lot, this was a blast.The instructors were friendly, fun, and experienced.  They knew exactly how to let you experience glass blowing and take the reigns, without letting you melt your hand off in a vat of liquid glass.  These guys know their stuff, and know exactly how to make this class fun and safe.The little glass flower I made in this class will forever hold a place of importance in my home, all who enter will gaze in awe at my masterpiece.  Until I accidentally break it while cleaning, I am kind of a klutz, but no worries because I plan to take many many more classes with circle 6 and fill my home with many priceless works of art.I will say, booking the class would have been easier if they had them listed on line, and wouldn't you know they announced during my class that they now have an on line booking program.  Way to go guys!Check it out people, its a good time!
5	So I just called to book a class for me and a friend from a Groupon we bought. The classes for the next 2 weeks were all booked :(. I called and spoke to a very pleasant Paul who said they are extending this offer for a month. Yippee. You rock and we can't wait to try our hand at this exciting craft!! Huge props for Great customer service!!
5	I am obsessed! I took the group-on introduction class and have since been back 6 times for multiple classes. The owners/instructors are so talented and so much fun! The Studio is awesome and the atmosphere is very relaxed! I highly recommend Circle 6 Studios!
5	Wow! I almost don't want to give Circle 6 Studios such a great review....then I'll have to share the space whenever I want to go to a class! It was so much fun and the guys running the place are great to work with. They helped me to make some really colorful and pretty flowers in the "Mother's Day class" (which isn't just for Mother's Day). It really was just a unique way to spend an evening and I'm looking forward to signing up for many more classes. If you like trying fun art experiences, this is a reasonably affordable place to go. But beware, if you do like it, you're going to want to go again and again!
4	Thank you groupon for finding this little gem! Have you ever been interested in glass molding and/or blowing? This is definitely the place to go! These guys make molding glass look so easy. They have a ton of classes to make specific things or just entry classes to give it a try. Definitely something fun to do if you're up for something new to try.
5	At first Groupon glance, I thought, "Well... glass blowing can be fun! But, what if I burn myself? That would be me. I'd be remembered as the one who burned herself," and I never thought anything of it again. Then, my coworkers, Wendy and Donna, talked me into trying it out.There is an introductory class, but Wendy and Donna had already gone past that, so I decided to hang out with the big crowd and jump right in. It was no sweat at all. The instructors walk you through the procedure each step of the way. Introductory class or not, the instructors first describe what they're going to do, then they demonstrate it. Next, you are walked through it just like a parent holding their child's hand while crossing the street. The instructors constantly ask if you have any questions and add humor along the way. Creating glass pumpkins was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon without worrying about anything. Within 10 minutes, I started with a melted 2000 degree blob and ended with a beautiful glass pumpkin!
5	Oh, fun.  I, too, got the Groupon for my boyfriend and I to try a class here.  We're always looking for new things to try, and this looked like a great experience.  We were not disappointed!  When we got there, we were given cards with numbers, which we learned would determine our order in the class.  After some basic information and a demonstration, it was time to get started!  The instructors were very informative and helpful (helping in varying amounts for each person, depending on skill level) and managed to sneak some safety tips into their dialogue while maintaining the light, humorous tone.  With the help of a few different employees who handed us off from one station to the next seamlessly, we added color to our glass blob, fired it into a glowing molten ball of fear, blew it up into a soon-to-be-pumpkin shape, shaped the bottom, sawed it off the stick, and watched it turn into an awesome piece of work right before our eyes.  The process was fast, as this is a fairly simple project.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other workshops!  I want to do ALL OF IT!This is a great way to try a new interesting craft without making a huge, upfront investment.  I never felt like I was in danger of getting burned or blinded, even standing in front of the 2000 degree furnace.  I definitely recommend this!
5	So a friend and I decided to take a beginners glass blowing class here after finding a deal on Living Social.  It was part of their fall beginners class, and we got to make pumpkins last night, and I have to say, it was a lot of fun.The place itself is kind of hidden in a residential part of town, and if you didn't know it was there, you would totally miss it like I did last night when going to class.  The studio itself is set back, and I have to say, it was really a lot of fun. The two guys who ran the class taught us a lot about what's involved with glass blowing, and were pretty funny the whole night through.  did you know that they keep the glass ovens between like 2100 and 2400 degrees? Did you know it takes 10 days for the kiln to cool down from those temperatures, and 10 days to warm back up?  I found the information interesting, and felt like I learned a lot last night during class.The process itself was pretty fun and went really fast.  There's a variety of steps you go through to get the glass to shape and make its colors, and it was a whole lot of fun.  I wish it was something I could do more often, like drop in and make a few things, but unfortunately, that would be expensive on my end!  Let me tell you, the ovens themselves didn't make me nervous at all, but dang, those things are BRIGHT AS HECK AND HOT TOO.  They have you wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from the light itself when your cooking the glass.The guys here are fun, and the younger one with black hair was really cute too! They are really nice and friendly, so feel free to ask them as many questions as you want!I will be back at some point, and will keep my eyes open for more living social deals!
5	I too am another Groupon-er who decided to drag a friend along to give this a shot. The location itself is in a residential area but easy to find if you just look for the tiniest house with a large gravel driveway behind it. Well that and the helpful sign posted on aforementioned tiny house pointing out that this is, in fact, Circle 6 Studios.We walked in, were checked off a list and handed some laminated numbers, handed over our Groupon, and settled in to wait for any last minute stragglers to arrive. Once it was time to get started and we were treated to some basic information about glass-blowing in general and then a demonstration as to what we would be doing.Since this is a demonstration class we wouldn't be working on things completely by ourselves and that was appreciated as I did not want to take a blob of glass home but an actual glass pumpkin! Everyone got to go up one by one according to your number and participate in the various steps to make your very own pumpkin. During this time bystanders were treated to more information from the wonder world of glass-blowing and it was nice not to just have to stand there and gawk while you waited for your turn. (Not that it was boring gawking. Watching red hot melted glass be shaped into something can never get old to me.)This was definitely a fun experience and I really recommend it for someone who is interested in glass blowing but not enough to sign up to a full blown class. They do also offer workshops where you get more hands on with the process which is great for those who want to dive a bit more into the experience and make things on their own.
5	Thanks to Liz S for giving me the heads up on a Groupon for Circle 6 a few months ago!  My husband and I took took the beginner's class which was a great introduction to the process.  The class was really designed to allow you to see if you're interested in moving forward with future classes.Although we didn't get to work with color in this particular class, the instructors safely guided us through the steps to make our own glass flowers.  Although it was a group class, we made our flowers one at a time so we each had the complete attention of the instructors.  I was a little nervous I might put someone's eye out with my stick of molten glass, but everyone left in one unburned piece.You will have to pick up your flowers at a later date at their studio on Roosevelt.  Surrounded by beautiful creations, the studio is a great place to see that your flower is not really that great, and you will need more classes!
5	As most people have stated, I found Circle 6 through Groupon.  I am so glad to have found them!  I took the Mini workshop and made an ornament...that turned into another and a glass pumpkin!  I will be going for more workshops and gearing up to take the all out "serious" class!  The guys there were all amazing, the mini workshops are fantastic.  I loved everything about my experience and can't wait to go back!
5	I like so many others found this valley gem through Groupon.  My mother saw the class and signed us up for a class to make pumpkins.  I was quite nervous simply because I have a fear of fire and this was probably not the best class for me.  My mom was certain that it was just an introductory class and we would not be doing much.  The class is very hands on, the instructors gather the glass from the furnace but you will add the color with their help and then stand in front of another part of the furnace that runs at a constant temperature of 2200 degrees (with sunglasses on to protect your eyes) to melt all the colors. Then you have to shape the piece.  Both John and Justin were wonderful!  They knew I was nervous and made me completely comfortable.  John (the owner) talked me through the entire process and the safety procedures and I had such a fun time.  We have now been back for 2 Groupon classes and 2 mini workshops.  I have to say I loved the fusion simply because I loved being able to place the pieces of glass where you wanted them.  We are trying to decide which class to take next! I would highly recommend this studio to anyone who loves art, trying something new and just having a great time.  The guys are very fun and make the class a very fun time!
5	I have purchased 2 group owns from circle 6 in the past and had an amazing time during both classes. The first class was near valentines day, so we made heart shaped paper weights. We got to play with the glass and add color and then press it into a mould, one person at a time. This was a fun class because you got to feel how plyable the hot glass wasThe second class I took my husband and we made small glass bowls. This is done by fusion, so we did not get to play with the hot glass this time. I liked how in control of the design you could be with this class. We will be picking up our bowls in a few days at their beautiful gallery. It is also easy to find. It is filled with beautiful inspiring pieces We look forward to doing a BYOB class with them where you make a beverage glass
5	We had the Groupon (common theme!), my husband and I came and took their class and had so much fun!  We made the flower and I love how at the first class you are hands on.  The Groupon did get us in but we will take more classes, I want to make the pumpkin.
5	The girlfriend and I found this place through Groupon, much like everyone else on the planet. Unfortunately our schedules meant that it took us forever to actually get down here but we definitely weren't disappointed.  We had a fantastic time and are already looking into taking some of their additional classes.
5	I LOVE this place. I have taken several classes here and have had nothing but great times. John, Rob and Justin are awesome! It's such a fun and comfortable environment. I'll keep coming back for years to come!
5	I have been going to our local Renaissance Festival every year and have always been fascinated by the glass blowing demonstrations that I had seen there. But I never knew how or where I could learn more. A couple of weeks ago I got an Amazon/LivingSocial email advertising local deals, and I found a coupon Studio 6 offering 1/2 price intro classes/demo. I thought this could be fun and took my 70 year old mother as well, she and I had a blast.Make no mistake, John & Justin do most of the work, but you get a taste, and get to get a little hands on to see if you want to learn more and I most certainly do. John & Justin are great instructors, instilling humor as well as facts and other information.If you are looking for something creative to do I highly recommend you spend a few hours here.
5	My husband and I took an intro class and had a great time. The pumpkins came out just as we hoped they would. Will make a great keepsake for years to come. We will definitely be taking another class soon!
5	I went to Circle-6 with my sister because we had bought a groupon for their glass-blowing introduction class where we made a fall pumpkin. It is located in a renovated garage in the back of the driveway of a house. It was interesting it was in a neighborhood type setting. Upon entering, the space was huge.  There were two rooms, one was like a check-in, gallery sort of thing and the other is where the furnace ( which rests at 1900 degrees and is never turned off) and all the tools they use to help make glass master-pieces were in. My sister and I were the first people there so we got numbers 1&2 (eventually we found out with these numbers we would get to go 1st and 2nd). Once all the other people who had signed up for the class got there, we were given instructions.  The Glass-blowing technique is to do everything in order through different types of stations. There were two men- both very friendly and helped all of us through all of the stations, one by one. The process went like , man would get molten hot glass on this long metal/iron stick. You would then put the molten glass into the colored glass pieces - this gave our pumpkin a color. Then, you put the molten glass with color pieces into the furnace and turn the stick it is on. At the end the men made the kind of stem each person would want for their pumpkin, I got a curly type stem for my orange pumpkin. It was all a step by step and it was really cool to see how glass- blowing works but in a safe and fun environment. I would recommend this to everyone.
4	My husband and I went to the seasonal 2 hour workshop and it was a great intro to glassblowing.  The two teachers were amazing and gave us just enough to help us feel engaged in the process, but not overwhelmed.  This is really a fun thing to do and I will definitely go back.  Who knows, we may have a new hobby.
5	I bought the Seasonal Intro to Glassblowing (should be called GlassMAKING) through Living Social, which meant the cost was half-price.  It was FANTASTIC!!  There were 14 of us in total, and after a brief intro/demo by Justin and Bob, we were ready to make our hearts ("seasonal" in February is hearts - perfect!!).  Justin and Bob worked well together, and were hands-on as you needed.  As the class started making hearts, one at a time, Justin mentioned that, when we were done, we could leave, or, for $20 per project, make another project (with limited options).  My husband made a pumpkin, which gave him a chance to try glass blowing, and I made a flower.  We had a great time, and are looking into arranging a private workshop when we have three couples come to visit us next year.
5	I signed up for one of the glass blowing classes and it was great. The studio is behind a private home, but it's quite large. I went in early February and I was expecting it to be very hot inside, but it was very comfortable. Not sure if this will be the case in the Summer time in Phoenix, but I would guess John & Justin would have the AC on at that time otherwise they would pass out from the heat from the kiln.The class itself was great. John & Justin make the class not only educational, but fun as well. Most importantly, they make the class safe. They keep an eye out on what you're doing so you do not hurt yourself and/or get burnt.
5	Fantastic intro workshop. I really enjoyed my time and can't wait to go back to learn more!
5	Great experience. Did the intro class with wife and daughters....had a great time. Instructors were great...knowledgable  and entertaining. Great family day for us. Highly recommend!  Thanks John and Justin. We' ll be back for happy hour!
5	So much fun! Really enjoyed making pumpkins with my team. The owner walks you through every step abd is by your side the entire time.Absolutely love this place!
5	So Fun. The guys are a hoot. And the pumpkins my fam made are awesome, since the fam went we have quite a nice little pumpkin patch!!I have no negatives about this shop or our experience. Looking forward to scheduling another class.
5	We had a fun and informative afternoon!! John blows.... (J/K). He blows glass. Haha. We had an absolutely amazing time. The Circle 6 team is super cool. We spent another $20/each and made a second item in the same class! I  would highly recommend Circle 6. Awesome time.
