5	While I frequent the Safeway in the shopping center on Indian School and 48th Street quite often, I never made it a priority to go into this nail salon... but when Jared suggested we go get pedicures on a recent Sunday afternoon, we decided to pay Ken a visit.  By the time we made our way there, it was around 5pm and I questioned whether they'd still be open.  But sure enough, they allowed us to walk right in... service was prompt, friendly, and quality - not only did we both get pedicures, but we treated ourselves to more than the basic.  I went for a sugar scrub and J had a salt scrub.  In addition, my nail tech helped me to carefully get a sliver of glass out of my foot that I'd stepped on the day before and was continuing to cause me a lot of pain.  Not anymore - all good now!  And a week and a half later, my toes are still looking pretty.  (Well, as pretty as they can look for my toes!)Thanks Ken and staff for taking such good care of us.  It may have been our first visit, but it won't be our last.Ken offers reasonable prices and an adorable little spa pedicure chair for kids too!
5	Gabi's review definitely influenced me to go here... I've been trying to find a decent nail salon close to where I live, since getting "ripped off" by the last place. And I think I found it - -thanks Gabi! First of all, the pedicure massage chairs actually feel somewhat good and last longer than 45 seconds. Ha! But I since my last mishap at a different salon, I really appreciated being handed a card here to select exactly what services I was interested in. (So you don't have to worry about pushy technicians... sneaking in extra and expensive services.)And the pedicure itself was WONDERFUL! A lot of detail went into my pedicure, maybe my toes were that bad?? Ha! No, I think that's just the excellent service they provide here... they really take extra time with each client. The massage during the pedicure was awesome, and I had originally extended it by $10. (Good choice!)Also my manicure turned out really nice too. When my nails were drying they put a special oil drop to speed the drying process - - cool, never had that before!Great service for a mid-day afternoon. The salon only had a few customers when I entered, but got much busier... but the staff still maintained their personal service and was not rushing me out the door to get to the next paying customer. I'll be back for sure! :)Oh, yes.. and that kids pedicure chair was so cute!
5	Ken's has been open since last September (2009) in this location but I personally have been following Ken and Amy from and to different locations for years. They are just that good! Now that they own their own shop it definitely shows their personal style and their commitment to customer service! This is a fully equipped shop! Offering everything from the standard mani's and pedi's to all the little extras... up to and including waxing and facials. Staff is always friendly and although usually busy you never have to wait long if at all! Unlike many places out there this is also gentlemen friendly... so a great place to take your boyfriend, husband, or male friend for a pedi that he won't feel like he's being overwhelmed with estrogen! I drive from Tempe to go to them... have tried places closer in the past(God knows there is a nail shop on every corner!) but am always disappointed with the results from the others. Quality and the overall experience are certainly worth the extra few minutes on the road!
5	I've been getting my nails done on a bi-weekly basis for 10 years now. I've lived in Seattle, Kauai, Los Angeles, Palm Springs, Newport Beach and Scottsdale...so you can imagine I have visited my fair share of nail salons and spas. Ken Nails & Spa opened about 6 months ago and I tried them out...my first impression was CLEAN! This place is immaculate and they have the big captain pedicure chairs and the massage option actually works!  The staff is so sweet, FUN & attentive, offering me water and actually looking at my nails and diagnosing what I need. (I had a broken toe nail and they put acrylic on it so it wouldn't break more) I took advantage of the mani/pedi eye brow wax special and to be honest, I was a little nervous about the eye brow wax. I'm pretty particular when it comes to my eye brows...I've had a few REALLY BAD experiences.  AMY DID AN AMAZING JOB on my brows and now I only go to her. I can't say enough about this establishment, this Spa has not only become 'MY SPOT' but now I call these people my friends.CHECK THEM OUT!
5	I've been a loyal customer of Ken and his wife, Amy, since they opened back in September 2009. I am always impressed by ther profesionalism and attention to detail. 90% of the techs understand English so it's easy to talk to them and let them know what you want. They also have a child's chair which my daughter absolutely loves. I'd highly recommend them.
4	I really liked this place right from when I walked in the door. I always bring my own nail polish (in case of touch ups later) so I can not attest to the color selection. They were super busy but still had me in a chair to get a pedicure in a minute or two. The pedicure was pretty good. The only better one I had was $100+ one from a resort spa. The woman used mint lotion and then put the hot wet towel over my feet and legs which felt amazing. Then I got a manicure, which I wasn't planning on but they had a special for mani + pedi = free brow wax which I couldn't pass up. The manicure was nice. They have these fan shelves for your hands between coats. I liked that perk a lot since I haven't seen it anywhere else. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the waxing part was unpleasant. They did a good job but the wax was a lot hot and the woman rushed though it even though it came out good. Brow wax is something that should have be rushed. Overall this place will definitely be getting more of my business and my friends. I might try to come on a weekday afternoon though since it was pretty busy.
5	As far as nail salons in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area go, finally someone got it right. After an unsuccessful run as Charlies Nails, it was remodeled and reopened as ken's nails and what a transformation. The nail area is very clean and all of the techs are professional and do not spend the entire time blabbing to each other, they actually pay attention to you. The prices are reasonable and my nails always last a full 2 weeks. You must try the gel manicure it lasts forever and looks awesome! Thumbs up to Ken's!
5	Over the years I have moved from nail salon to nail salon, trying to find one where I felt like I was getting value for the money I was paying.  Late last year I discovered Ken Nails and Spa.  I have never been disappointed with their service--in fact the value is amazing.  Everyone is extremely pleasant and does a great job.  Usually Amy does my gel nails but recently others have, and the nails lasted for 2 weeks and looked great.  I love this place and will continue my visits every 2 weeks.  Thanks Ken and Amy--you guys have a winner!
5	I was referred here because I needed a super hot manicure for my last minute trip to Vegas.  I was able to make a reservation and this place did not disappoint. Very clean, fast and the staff did not talk excessively to each other in another language, which was nice. This is my new place!
5	I've been going here since they've opened. I love them so much I made Dallas G open this Yelp account for me just so that I could rave about what a spectacular job Amy does for me every time. The staff is super nice, polite, efficient, and talented. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else for my nails. Pedicures and waxing are equally awesome. If it's not already clear, if you're looking for somewhere to get your nails done well and quickly, this is the place! Love them!
4	Sometimes, I'd rather pay someone to deal with my feet than do it myself. Thus, after a quick look around yelp, I found this place. The next day I was there.Its a quick drive from the 143 up 48th St for me. Arrived about 4:30. No wait. Picked a polish. Admittedly more choices than I expected and nicer brands too, OPI galore. To my delight there were some lovely darker colors.The massage chair was nice. Rather intense but not uncomfortably so. A youngish man did my pedicure. There were probably about 5 other patrons in there getting their nails and toes done as well.I got the "spa pedicure" $22. And It was surprisingly relaxing. Between the heavy duty chair massage, foot rubs, and leg massage, I found myself genuinely blissed out a couple time.My pedicure on the other hand, was nice. Not bad. Not amazing. My big toe is a bit "fleshy" and I noticed upon closer inspection that there was a good 1/8 inch maybe on each side that was naked (sans polish) on both feet. Maybe he was trying to make my big toe look skinny (eek), but I would trade a couple mins off the leg massage for the full toe coverage (heh) my piggies require.Regardless, I am still pleased and will definitely be returning and likely trying out some more services.
5	Ken is still tops in my book, but just a quick update as today I experienced not only a perfect mani/pedi from Julie/Lia but Lia proceeded to give me an acupressure massage for 20 minutes on my feet up to my knees.  Note, it was an extra $30, but thirty bucks for twenty minutes in heaven isn't bad in my book!Every time I visit Ken's, I get an extremely warm greeting (thank you Amy and Ken) and I leave pleased and feeling pretty.  Take advantage of the yelper specials when you go; ironically, I keep forgetting to do so!
3	(Waited a while to post this. This was written sometime in August.)I am writing this as I'm still waiting to get my eyebrows waxed. I came in for their summer special. It was my first time getting a mani/pedi and plus the eyebrow wax is free. So first the pedicure. The lady wasn't so good on letting me know where she wanted my feet to be. The color came out great though. The manicure was good too. As I waiting for my eyebrow waxing, I was left waiting and waiting as I see people who were after me go in. So until I told the girl at the front they finally acknowledged it. Maybe if they had been a bit more organized and communicated more, this would not have happened. Overall, it was okay, but they definitely could use some work on their customer service.
4	This was the only nail salon open on Sunday with decent reviews, and since I was starting a new job (and it was my birthday) I decided to make the 10 minute drive for some much needed pampering. I was promptly seated at a pedicure station with Jimmy (I like how they told me his name; it made the experience more personal). He brought me a cold bottle of water, a variety of magazines and showed me a detailed service list. And yes, the hot stone massage made ALL the difference for $3 extra. My pedi looks perfect. I had a basic manicure and Jimmy thoroughly shaped my nails, trimmed my cuticles, and painted flawless French tips. I accidentally chipped a nail before paying and they kindly fixed the smudge (I HATE it when a nail tech scoffs at me for my clumsiness and impatience).The one thing I that bothered me was when I used the restroom....there were heaps of wash cloths and hand towels soaking in the sink, preventing anyone who used the bathroom from washing their hands. This got me thinking about sanitation...do they have a washing machine? Do they do this often? Do the nail techs thoroughly wash their hands? These thoughts I don't want to entering my head while getting a beauty service.
3	I did return and my pedicure was slightly less lovely than the first time. Furthermore, sitting in that seat, watching a nice lady who could barely speak english soak and scrape dead skin from my feet, dig dirt out from under my toenails, and massaging my stubbly legs, I realized I'm not the type of girl that is comfortable paying for this service on a regular basis. It just... doesn't feel right. At least, for some reason this time it didn't seem worth it.I'd recommend it to anyone who is though. And if I ever get another hair up my ass about "professional" nail services, I'll most likely return here.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! My friend turned me onto it and now I can't get enough.  The staff is really nice and the prices are unbeatable.  Definitely call ahead if you don't want to wait because they get busy quick!
5	This place is amazing!  I have gone to many nail shops and had a regular place for years but I decided to go here because my dads gf suggested it!  She said they did an awesome job!  I had been here for waxing and I thought they did a very nice job!  I had never had my nails done there.  I went in during my lunch hour and they got me right in...Amy did my nails and made some great suggestions to me...she didnt try and talk me into things that I didnt want or need.  She did a fabulous job on my nails and I have found my nail and waxing place...it is amazing because it is right by my house in Arcadia!!! YAY for convenience too!!  The place is clean and the people there are welcoming and I am looking forward to getting a pedicure because they look fantastic!
1	Just tried to call to get a gift certificate for a mani/pedi spa for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day.  This will be the 3rd mani/pedi I have purchased today from different salons around the valley.  I purchased one for my mother, another one for someone who is close to me like a mother and my final one would have been for my mother-in-law.  Right from the start...problems and drama.  There was an obvious communication/language barrier with the first person I spoke with and I was transferred to a manager. The manager, Amy, said that she could only provide this service for existing customers as she didn't know who I was and therefore could not "trust" me.  Really!  Wow.  Okay.  No problem, I gave my business to a competitor down the road who had no difficulties running my credit card and mailing the certificate to my mother-in-law.  I included a $20.00 tip, as I did for the other 2 mani/pedi services I purchased.  Hope the owner/manager reads this...you lost out on a potentally really good client.  It makes me wonder how you treat your 'existing customers'.
5	Great location, great service and great price~  I went in for a mani/pedi- have a large selection of colors and use high end salon brands.  Nice pedi chairs and the gal who did my nails did a very good, thorough job.  My mani lasted chip-free for what seemed like FOREVER !  All in all, great value and will be my go-to place when I decided to treat myself.
5	A very professional, clean and relaxing salon.  My best friend and I have had many pedicures and this was one of the best.  Everything was extremely clean and the pedicure was fantastic!  We will be returning soon.
4	Just had my first pedi here due to the ratings on Yelp! Great pedi ($22) for the reg spa pedi. Other pedi's avail for $25 and up. Had the owner Lea and she is a relexologist, facialist etc.. amazing foot massage. This will be my new goto place. The only reason it didint get 5 starst is the choice of colors are not current.  Bring your fave color with you if your picky like me : )
1	After a nice first visit about 3 weeks ago, I trek over from CenPho to Ken's in Arcadia to get a pedicure. I am looking forward to getting the knot out of my shoulder after a long first week of teaching.  It was an a-ok pedicure. The results look nice. The ripoff at the end, however, ruined what was supposed to be a relaxing pampering session. Around 1:30-ish today when she walked me up front she mumbled a price. I handed her my ASU grad student ID (opting to use that instead of the yelp check in) and she didn't realize it was an ID and tried to swipe it. After getting that cleared up she said "$24"... hmm... ok. I had handed her $23 because that's about how much I remember it being last time with tip. I asked "after the discount"? She said $24 again. So I handed her $26 and picked up a brochure on my way out. Sure enough, a regular spa pedicure is $22. I walk back inside and talk to the nice lady who greeted me when I initially walked in. I told her I just got ripped off. I was nice about it. Maybe my tech was confused about the discount... or something. But then she came back (of course my tech is now hiding in the back) and said the tech got confused and thought I was the other customer she had that got a callous treatment. Um...no. I did not get a callous treatment. I said I will take back everything over the $22 I handed her ($4). I got that back, but was reeling in the car. I swore I had a $5 in my wallet. Had I been that stupid (read: exhausted) to get doubly ripped off and get the old switcheroo? I don't know. But it doesn't feel right. I wish I would have taken back everything over the $20 that the pedi should have cost. Why I even gave her the $2 tip is beyond me. Apparently I should have asked if they could have written 'door mat' on my forehead. I will not be returning to Ken's. I will advise my friends to do the same.
4	Great place to get a mani or a pedi - OR BOTH! They have the latest OPI colors, something that's hard to find! I thought it was a little pricey, and there was a wait to get it - but I'll definitely be going back here!
5	I had to try this place out for myself since all the Yelp reviews are raving about Ken's.  I was a walk in on Thursday after work.  OMG, this place is packed and people were still coming!  I got the hot stone pedi...  NICE!  The massage was great!  I had a little problem understanding my tech, but she had a sheet to point out the services so we worked it all out.  They offer you bottled water and are super nice.  I forgot to use my check in offer.  NEXT TIME!
2	Ken's nail salon is EXPENSIVE! I only go their on very SPECIAL occasions. The place is very clean and well kept, and the massage chairs are nice too.Drawback: For dropping over $80 for a pedi/mani-acrylics, I would have expected it to last. After the first week with my acrylics, they started looking not-so-fresh. I felt like my arcrylics were over a month old, after only seven days. For paying top dollar I would have expected them to last. I have been to Ken's twice and have gotten the same services. Both experiences were the same. However, I can promise you will be very happy with the immediate results. Overall, it's a good salon... but the prices are not worth paying for what you get.
1	First Visit: Ken did my nails and did a great job. I decided not to have the tips painted and left them natural with a gel clear coat over ($5 extra). They look great! I checked in on Yelp when I got in my car afterwards and earned a 10%  off coupon for my next visit Love it! Thanks Ken. :-)Second visit: Ken did my nails again; another full set. This time, I overheard a lady asking for gel polish so I asked about that. Ken told me it stays on longer than regular polish, but neglected to tell me how expensive it was. I ended up having a full set of nails, purple gel polish french tips, a white flower design with crystal on each ring finger and a pedicure with powder added to both big toes to make them longer, and regular polish with a clear coat over. I just about died from shock after hearing the lady quote me the final price of $85- the 10% Yelp discount= $76 + a very generous $15 tip. Grand total...wait for it.....$91!! :-(Third visit (today): I could NOT be more disappointed! I am now home after walking out with one hand minus polish and the other hand with old polish on it. Here's what happened on my LAST visit EVER to Ken's:My appointment was at 4:00 PM. I arrived at 4 and I was told to sit down in Ken's chair. At 4:10 Ken walked toward the front of the salon and walked right past me without saying a word! Instead, he walked up to some lady who was picking out her polish and asked how he could help her. Then he went in the back and got more nail cards from which she could choose. HELLO!!?! I'm sitting in your chair waiting for you!!  When Ken finally sat down to do my nails, he asked if I wanted to keep the length or go shorter. I said shorter, but not too short.  Then he drilled one nail and asked me if that length was ok. He had filed the nail so that it was long on both sides and much shorter in the middle. (concave not straight). I asked him to be careful because after he files my nail to straighten out the curve he had made, it would be shorter. He rolled his eyes and sighed. Then he got up to help the same lady sit in one of the pedicure chairs. WTF!!?? I AM YOUR CUSTOMER, KEN...OVER HERE! I asked him why he had attitude with me today. He said, "I don't have attitude. I waiting for you to decide how long you want nails." WTF? I said you keep rolling your eyes. He said, "You want some else do your nails?" I didn't even have time to answer. He got up and moved to another table to do another lady's nails. WTF!!!??? I got up and walked out...NEVER to return again. I just changed the rating from 5 stars to 1....so there!And now I need to find another place tomorrow. Any suggestions?
4	I found this place through Yelp.  FINALLY the type of Nail Salon I was looking for.  No appointment necessary... lots of colors... no need for small talk if you don't want too... and massage chairs.  I was in and out with a decent mani/pedi after 45 minutes.  And with money in my wallet.  I will definitely go back!!
1	Be advised * they do not honor appointments*  So if you're someone with a life that does not revolve around spending your entire day in a nail salon don't bother going to Ken's. This place has an assembly line attitude and the quality of service has suffered dearly. Too many other good Salon's that appreciate loyal customers.
5	I have been going to Ken's since it opened in Arcadia.  Without a doubt the BEST!  See you in the morning Christina!
5	Very dependable and clean. Don't go there if you are in a rush because they take their time and do a great job! This is not your typical nail spa. Great hours too! During the busy in season months, make sure you make an appointment!
4	More expensive than I would like but they do a great job.  Very clean, very nice people and it doesn't smell like chemicals.
5	Thank you fellow Yelp peeps. This place is a find. I was looking for something close to Arcadia and listened to everyone's glowing reviews.I just got home from a wonderful experience with Kathy. Mani (gel shellac) and a Deluxe Spa Pedicure. I wasn't planning on getting anything so fancy, however, once I was settled in my chair and observed how thorough my neighbor's pedicures were I decided to splurge. I'm really glad I did. I got there are around 2:30 (on a Saturday) and there wasn't a wait. (It did get crowded around 3:30.) I left incredibly satisfied around 4:30.My technician was incredibly thorough and gives one of the best nail place massages I've ever had. My nails look great! I can't wait to come back. Oh! And I received 10% off my entire bill for checking via Yelp. Can't beat that kind of a deal.
3	I didn't have the greatest first experience. I was overcharged for my pedicure, charged for the more expensive one. The atmosphere was kinda weird and I felt like there was no one person running the place that I could talk to. I really enjoyed the sugar massage, it was FANTASTIC. I returned the following day to have have my polish corrected and found a much different atmosphere. There was a young girl in the shop that was easy to communicate with and she served as a translator for myself and the other employees. When they found out that I was not happy they did their best to jointly correct my bad experience and the polish on my toes. I feel the shop redeemed itself. If you do visit Ken's nails be sure to have the price meet your services and verify it with your nail tech. Maybe I expected too much or maybe they were having a bad day my first visit. I will most likely go back.
5	I'm new to Phoenix, AZ, but glad I checked out Yelp for the good reviews.I visited Ken's Nails and Spa for the first time today. The place was busy, but Ken was super nice about me walking in without an appointment, he was very accomodating! Ben was so sweet and did an excellent job with my Deluxe Spa Pedicure and I am so happy with the way he did my acrylics (he did them just as I asked)! I'm really glad I tried out Ken's Nails and Spa and I definitely will be returning.I also recommend Ben for any and all nail spa services, he's great!!
4	I moved to the Arcadia hood a couple years ago and was having a hard time finding a nail salon that I loved as much as Scottsdale Nails up north.  I've been to every nail place in the hood - Paulene's, Chic, Sundrop's, Charlie's... none of them compare to Ken's nails for quality service and convenience and price.  I have had bad experiences at some other salons in the area.  Ken's technicians are professional and very good at what they do.  I have always just walked in to get a gel (shellac) manicure and pedicure.  Have maybe only waited 15 minutes to get in.  I never request a specific person because they are all good.  I definitely recommend them... such a great way to get away to relax.  I went to Sundrop's for a little while but I miss the massage chairs and you can't beat the quality of service at Ken's.
4	I can honestly say that this was the best pedicure I have had in a while. Even though it's late morning on a Saturday and they are relatively busy, they still take their time and do an excellent job. That's why I left my last nail salon, when they were busy they did a shoty job and tried to get you out as quick as possible. Not at Ken's! And to be honest, my feet are pretty hideous. My guy definitely got a workout while grating off about 2 pounds of callouses. But they look so pretty now and feel completely rejuvenated.I also got a basic manicure which was exactly what I needed. I was a little nervous to come back here since my first visit was not as great as I was expecting. But I'm so glad that I came back and I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
5	What happened to the Ken's Nails in Paradise Valley? I'm a frequent visitor and today was disappointed that it was gone, only to find another business there!
4	I went with a friend here on a Sunday morning at 11am. They were pretty busy but they got us both in with no problem. I will say the chairs are angled so it was hard to talk to my friend so I just enjoyed the chair massage and watching the work. Lisa performed the $33 mani/pedi combo and did a WONDERFUL job. She really took her time to get the polish on perfectly and I really enjoyed the massage on both my legs and arms. She also did two passes over my cuticles which I thought was above and beyond what you get in much more expensive salons! Much better than any place I've been around Phoenix. I'll definitely make the drive to come back here!
5	Great customer service. Very clean facility. Love that their utensils are sterilized and individually bagged. Will def come back again if im in this area of town.
5	I was new to the area and needed a new nail salon, so I did some research on here and ended up at Ken's. Despite the fact that their decor could be updated and/or changed... I'm in love! All employees are kind and helpful, the entire building is clean, and I have never had a problem getting exactly what I want. They understand what you're trying to say and their work is phenomenal in my opinion. I would absolutely recommend this establishment to anyone... This is my new permanent nail salon!
5	This place is AWESOME! I have been coming here for over a year now as several places in the past (and in the area) have really let me down. I know I am picky, but each time I come in I am more than satisfied.The customer service is impeccable! They offer water or hot tea upon your arrival and you are ALWAYS greeted by someone. They have a great selection of colors to choose from, both regular and gel.I use Amy for my acrylics. She is quick and her attention to detail is why I always request her. I used to have gel nails only and Christina always did a flawless job. I am not as picky with my pedicures and every technician I have had has been fabulous! They are almost finished with a remodel and the place looks gorgeous...not that it didn't before. The colors are very soothing and spa-like. They have expanded a bit adding more pedicure chairs and have made the waxing rooms very private.I will not go anywhere else in the Phoenix area. Prices are reasonable, they are open later, and over all...this place is my personal favorite!
1	Very disappointed. Brought a photo for what I wanted, which was pretty simple, but she told me she couldn't do it after she already messed up my nails. Wish she would have told me when she saw the photo in the first place. Will never go back there again.
5	Great service, green tea, and skilled technicians. Ask for Mandy.
5	Just visited Ken's and thought they did a great job! Prices very reasonable. Clean and friendly. Definitely a busy place on the weekends but a short wait. I will be a regular.
5	Myself, daughter & husband (when not working) go every other Friday no matter what.  The place is spotless.  Amy, Ken and all the employees always treat us like family and call us by our first names. Selection of polish is fantastic, just when we think we have tried every color polish new ones appear. If you have had a bad experiences or never had your nails or toes done, treat yourself and you will become a regular just like us.  Ken's is the Nordstrom's of the nail industry.  Ken and Amy you are the best, that is why you have the best employees.
5	I came here while visiting my sister who lives in AZ and I wish this place was closer because they did such great work! Amy did a fullset for me and then gel color over it with glitter all for $45. Not even joking if I had the dough I would fly to AZ just to get a fill done by Amy again! The set lasted for 4 weeks no chipping, no lifting and I work with my hands so that's a miracle!!
5	So polite & professional! Beautiful job on my nails and toes.. and no problem with special requests!! Cindy did my nails.. LOVE HER!!
5	I'll be completely honest, I am not one to write a review on websites like this. In fact I had to create an account before they would let me. I am an avid acrylic user. I've tried to go to gel polish so I could have my own nails, but even when my real nails are as awesome as they can be they still suck. Needless to say I've bounced around from shop to shop finding someone who does the best work. I have two huge pet peeves when it comes to acrylic nails: 1. They put a tip on that is way over sized for your nail and try and file it down,  and 2. My nails end up so thick it's like I have five fake nails piled on top of each other! The reason I'm giving Ken's nails and spa a 5 star is because my nail tech (Amy, she was so amazing!) actually sized before sticking the tips on my nails! So they all fit perfect. Also, because my acrylic nails are hardly any thicker than my original nails! She did such an amazing job! Again with the honesty, I'm cheap! I try and let my acrylics grow out as far as possible before I go to get them filled or replaced. This place does such great work with very reasonable prices that I will return in a timely manner to keep up. I would recommend ken's to my family members and closest friends.
4	I love Ken's and its my usual haunt. I love that every time I check in I get 10% off any service.Lately they have been getting so busy that there is a good wait time but they have added more pedi chairs so that kind of helps. Great thing though is that they are always consistent with their service so I will keep coming back .
4	Since I've heard all about this place and it's down the street from me, I decided to visit Ken's and see what's up with this place. Really great service and the price is reasonable.  I just got a mani that day but it was a nice relaxing 1/2 hour talking to the manicurist and getting my nails cleaned and polished.  I will have to go back for a pedi, my feet are needing one badly!
3	This place is all right. I went later on a saturday afternoon and needless to say it was packed. I had to wait about 15-20 mins, which irked me but I could understand. I paid $32 for a deluxe spa pedicure, which I would say is pretty much a regular pedicure. I checked in on yelp so I had a 10% discount which brought it to $29 so not too bad. The girl did an alright job, didn't talk to much which I like, so I can't really complain. It's nothing special for a pedicure, but they also didn't do a crappy job which sometimes can happen when you pick a random place.
5	I came here for a manicure appt. The atmosphere was so amazing, and the staff was absolutely great. I walked out with a french manicure, a pedicure, and a face waX! I did it all here! They truly deserve five stars! Ken the owner did my nails, and they looked beautiful. His wife/girlfriend did my wax, was great! Thank you for everything! See you soon!
5	This is my new mani pedi spot!  I walked in on a Tuesday morning and Mandy did my pedicure, along with the best gel manicure I've found around town!!  She really took the time and was very detailed and thorough.  The ONLY downside is that I was there for about 2 hours, which is a little long for me.  But, I'm not the most patient person either... I guess if that's what it takes to get a high quality mani pedi, I might need to just relax.  Just booked my next appointment!
5	I have been coming here for almost a year now, and I wish I had found Christina the day I walked in as opposed to a few months after.  The salon itself is clean, lots of gel and regular polish selections, excellent massage chairs, and very reasonable prices.  But, Christina is a gem!  She has been doing my mani/pedis since November, and I am hooked on gel after she did it.  My manicures last almost 3 week sometimes, and my pedicures do too even though I do regular polish on my toes.  The one time I did a gel pedi for my honeymoon, it lasted more than 4 weeks.  I highly recommend Ken's nails if you're looking for a great nail spot in Phoenix.
5	LOVE LOVE this place!!  Great pedicure chairs and the manicures last longer than any other place.  Highly recommend!!
4	I was in desperate need of a pedicure and my husband wanted one too. I looked to Yelp and found that this was in the neighborhood. We stopped on in as they take walk-ins. I was asked to choose a color and had a hard time as they had a lot of OPI, Essie, and China Glaze brands. OPI is the longest lasting in my opinion so I was happy they had that brand. My husband and I were seated next to each other in massage chairs, and were given bottles of water. A nice extra touch in my opinion. We were both very happy with our pedi's and the price was very reasonable at $22, plus an extra 10% off  for checking in on Yelp. I will definitely return!
5	I found this salon on a whim. Let me tell you, it is a whim I'm extremely thankful for! I had some time to kill and felt it was time to clean up my cuticles and try a gel manicure. Enter the angel of a nail stylist: Tiffany. She was attentive, professional, personable, and very welcoming. She offered me a cold bottle of water to quench my thirst that the hot Arizona sun caused. She then helped me though what type of polished to choose. I wanted a natural colored polish with glitter tips. She walked me through which would look best together and that we should use actual glitter rather than a glitter polish and encouraged to do a fading glitter tip rather than a harsh line. When she shaped my nails, which I'm usually particular about because I do my own nails weekly, she was very good at asking me what shape I wanted and once one was shaped, confirmed that they were what I wanted. Not only was she detailed and thorough with color choices and shaping, but she did 3 coats for me because 2 wasn't quite opaque enough. After all of this work, I was AMAZED at what happened to my nails. She wrapped the tips, did even and thick coats. My cuticles are trimmed perfectly, and all was done with a nice conversation and smile from a friendly lady who stayed engaged in our hour long meeting. Tiffany is the best manicurist I've ever had and am a believer in gel manicures now! Thank you, Tiffany! I'll be seeing you each time I come into town!
4	I always receive great service there.  The only reason i didn't give 4 stars is because it is usually crowded and difficult to get in there right away.
5	I found this salon just by a search on Yelp.  I was visiting Phoenix for the weekend, and my digits needed some serious attention.This place is amazing.  They run a tight ship.  I was in and out in an hour with a pedi and shellac mani, and that is probably record time.  Even better,,,,my nails looked amazing.I will totally be back when I am in town again.  I booked a reservation, which I think is a smart thing to do.  It was packed when I arrived, and nearly everyone there was a regular.
4	Check in on Yelp and get 20% of services.
4	Tried this place out based on all of the good Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed! I got a spa pedi with a scrub and callous remover for $29 with the 10% discount for checking in on Yelp and it's still looking good after 2 weeks. :) I will absolutely be back!
2	Friendly technicians. Good pedicure, but with a lot less massage than I normally like. The manicure was extremely rushed though. My cuticles were still very messy and I had paint all over my fingertips. It was a gel manicure so the paint came off my fingertips after about a day of me picking it off, but for the price I would have expected more. Both manicure and pedicure did last well though. I've had them for about a week and a half and not a single chip.  I'm not from the area, so I probably won't try this place again.
5	i don't get my nails done too often, but when i do, this is my go-to spot. they're quick, easy, clean, and i love that they don't talk too much. maybe that's just me, but i'm not a huge fan of making small talk for an hour every two weeks. my nails always turn out perfect and look great for weeks!if you're looking for a new nail spot in the arcadia area, check out ken's! you won't be disappointed!
1	My nail technician took such a huge chunk of skin off my toe when she was cutting my cuticle it still throbs!  And that was 2 months ago. Do not go here this place is bad!
5	After reading reviews of this place I decided to give it a try.  I am VERY picky when it comes to how my nails are done.  I like them a certain way and the nail tech, Kevin, was amazing!  He asked me how I wanted them, what I was expecting, the whole deal.  And the best part was the price.  Only $35 for a brand new full set of acrylics!  I will be back!
4	Best Gel Nails I have had done in Phoenix and I have been to way too many places!
2	Ken's was overcrowded and VERY small.  I went because there are a lot of great reviews about this place and after stepping foot in here I don't get it ?  They were friendly enough but a cramped space and too many dang people I can't ignore for good customer service.  The pedi chairs were so close together it looked uncomfortable.  I don't want to be in a forced position to actually converse with my neighbor.  I was glad that I just got a gel mani.  They don't have any seats side by side so my friend and I were sitting very far away from one another....texting. -_-  My nails came out okay, I did not request a design because I felt it was too risky.  Overall, I won't be back because I just didn't like the space to be honest.  One day I'll find a nail place that is within a reasonable distance to my house.  Until then...Pink Polish I go.
5	Fantastic service, the staff are very accommodating and do great work!
4	My husband and I each got a pedicure here on a date night a few weeks ago.  Is that weird?  I hope not.  I actually got the suggestion for this place for a 'His and Hers' Pedi from another Elite Yelper. See, we'd been working all week to remodel our house and we just needed a break mentally and physically so we made plans to get pedicures and a dinner out as a reward for all our hard work.To my husband's relief there were many other guys in there getting pedicures that evening with their wives/girlfriend's so I guess we must've come to the right place for a unisex pedicure.  The ladies that worked on our feet were both competent and our feet were well pampered and groomed, but I have to mention that the woman that worked on my feet was just sour faced.  No attempt at friendliness at all.  :/  Oh well, my husband's nail tech was sweet so she made up the difference.  My husband kept saying that he wanted the same polish color that I was getting and he's such a joker that I think he probably would've done it if I hadn't put my foot down and threatened to rip up his man card for even suggesting it.  LOL!Anyway, if you are looking for an unusual date night experience try coming here for a unisex pedicure, it *really* isn't as unheard of as you may think!
5	A great place for a manicure and pedicure! And very reasonably priced! Technicians are always making sure you are comfortable.  I just found my new nail spot :)
4	I really enjoyed my mani and pedi here. The staff is very friendly and the service is clean and detailed. It's a smaller nail salon and a mom and pop shop but it's definitely worth visiting, especially if you're in the area. Prices are reasonable and they have a good selection of colors and nice massage chairs.
5	Kimberly was great!!!! She did the best acrylic fill in I've ever had-- fast, and my nails look oh so natural!!! I am so pleased. Then she topped them off with gel polish that looks to die for. My nails are so thin and look like real nails not fakes-- all for $38! She didn't charge me for my 2 repairs either. Can't wait to come back!
2	I have been going to Ken's for a year now & they are usually really great. The last time I was there was a couple weeks ago & they had added this new nail bar. It was awful! The chairs are way too tall the workers seem miscible due to the lack of back support I am assuming. It was really disappointing because it is usual so lovely. I would suggest looking for a different place in the area due to recent changes.
5	Mandy is the bomb! She is amazing with details & designs. Whether you want a standard mani/pedi or an out of this world custom she is a perfectionist! The prices are good! The place is clean, elegant and customer service is top notch! It took me trying out numerous salons before I found this one. Mandy is in high demand, got good reason make an appointment. Also, waxing she is phenomenal, even with sensitive skin like mine!
4	I was a walk-in less an hour before closing on a Sunday and Ken's was packed, but I was picking color and seated in under a minute! Manicurist was An, she was great! Patient while I changed my mind about colors and design, and she made sure my nails were perfect when I left. The ambience could be a little better, it's a pretty standard strip mall nail salon decor.  Overall a great little find!
5	I found Ken's Nails and Spa through Yelp.  My one stop website for finding the best business the first time!  Anyway...I was not disappointed.  My sister, niece, mother and I made an appointment for the same day.  We were seated right on time.  There are at least 12 spa pedicure chairs. The place was busy, but all the customers seemed very happy.  The ladies that did the pedicures on my group were all very nice and professional.  My mother is 81 and very particular.  Cindy was exceptional nice to her. My mother said we were going to have to carry her out as she was so relaxed. Cindy was very gentle and aware of how to deal with the sensitive skin that an older person might have.  My niece is special needs and Mimi was kind and patient with her.  They did on wonderful manicure (gel) and pedicure on all of us. I highly recommend them.
5	Ken's nails is inexpensive with great service. Inside is nice enough, not the fanciest place but not bad either. There is a nice looking bar with tvs set up, and comfy pedicure massage chairs. I have been here twice now. Last night I came in 15 minutes before they closed expecting to be turning away. I am 35 weeks pregnant and was having a bad day. The women welcomed me in for a pedicure, brought me bottled water, and chatted with me about being pregnant. They were exceptionally nice, and I also got a great and relaxing pedicure. I chose to opt for an extra $3 for the hot stone massage and it felt great. This place is going to be my standard place now.
5	Love this place! Been going here for 2 years and previously had been to many other nail places all around arcadia, PV and Scottsdale all different price ranges in search for a clean, reliable nail salon that can do superb nails. My gels last 3 weeks, longer if I pushed it. Like no other place I've been to. Always prompt with walk ins and appointments and great customer service. I go to Mandy but the other girls are very experienced too.
1	I was excited about visiting Ken's for the first time today, however that excitement ended in disappointment. The nail tech Kim(berly) is awful. I asked for a fill with black gel polish and loose gold glitter on my ring fingers. The fill was fine but the polish was a disaster! There were many unpainted areas on my nails and she initially painted my ring finger blue. I reminded her I asked for gold glitter. After she located the glitter it took her FOREVER just to put it on 2 nails and it still wasn't right. She asked me to wash my hands and when I returned she was gone. I assumed I was done at that point so I went to the register to pay. About 5 mins after leaving the shop while I was grabbing something to eat, I noticed that my "black" nails were actually navy blue! That was it for me so I went back to the shop. The manager or whomever I was dealing with offered to fix them however I declined as I had already spent longer than expected there. I asked for a refund for the gel polish only because the fill was done to my satisfaction. All I was offered was a gift card. Now ma'am why on earth do you think I would ever waste my time by returning here? I said I wanted my cash back, she said policy was gift card only. I asked to see the policy since it was not posted anywhere in sight, and as to be expected no policy was furnished. They issued the gift and I just left it on the ground. Hopefully the person that finds it has a better experience than I had.
5	I've been coming to Kens for over 4 years. I love it here! The staff are professional & talented! It is wise to make an appointment as they can get busy. I totally recommend the 'Deluxe Signature' pedicure.
5	I just moved to the area and was looking for a new place to get some mani/pedi tlc. I chose this place based on reviews and gave them a call. They said to come right in. I showed up, signed in and was taken back to the spa. Everything was nice and clean, cute layout, tv to stare at. My nails and feets were done by Mimi. I asked for a kind of a custom nail design (see Miami Vice photo) and even though the polish I chose was really runny, she took her time and made it work. Everything was great and I would definitely recommend this place! Mimi you were great! Love my nails!
5	Unfortunately I don't remember my nail technician's name but she did a fantastic job! I got a gel manicure and she made sure every single nail was perfect and smooth!!
1	Continuing my never ending search for a nail salon I found this place and all I have to say is they use the acetone, cut too short, and it does not last! That is another peeve of mine is when they do not use the bond before the base coat.  When they don't the polish starts to peel up around the cuticle.  And the search Continues....(2)
4	The place was packed when I got there. I was visiting AZ right in the middle of spring training. ON A SUNDAY! So a lot of places were closed or beyond booked. I wanted a gel mani and standard pedi as a walk-in. (Of course the woman doing my pedi up-sold me to the callus scrub "you need!" she said and so I thought what the heck throw in a hot stone massage while youre at it! It was a difference of $7 I believe.) I dont regret it either!!But anyways, they were pretty good with time management and squeezing everyone in. I only had to wait 5 mins. I believe it was the owner that took me in her seat to begin my gel mani. I decided on nude color gel with gold tips. Sort of like a french mani look. Came out really cute but even more so I really REALLY appreciated this ladies patience and guidance with me while I tried to decide on colors. I started at coral and ended up with nude sparkles hello?!I also really liked the 10% discount I received for checking in. They didnt give me any attitude about it at the end either. Everyone worked well with each other. They had a water runner boy that brought out cold water for customers. They had lots of color options for both gel and regular polish. I would definitely go back here again. Only downside is that its only been 10 days and my polish is chipping a lot on my gel mani. I always get gel and they usually last me 3 weeks before chipping. Other than that love them!
5	My favorite! Amy gets the best people and keeps them! They're usually busy but it's worth the short wait!!!
5	I have been going to Ken's for about 3 years now.  They are always busy....because they do a great job and clients keep coming back!  They try to be as accommodating as possible due to high amount of customers.  I try to call ahead an make an appointment but don't expect them to deny a walk-in because I have an appoint with the tech in like 40 minutes.  I am not a patient person... 5-10 minute wait is fine and there was only one time that I walked out because I had already waited for 25 minutes.  The thing is.... they are so busy because they do a great job and they are all nice!  This is my regular nail salon so I try to schedule my mani/pedi on the off peak times of the week to reduce the unexpected wait times.  I really recommend this nail salon.
5	This is the best place in Phoenix! I've gone to several places prior to Kens in search of the perfect eyebrow waxing. Amy is a pro! I would highly recommend this place! The best
5	Best pedicure I have ever had!!! I was a walk in and they were busy but got me in for a pedi right away. They massaged my calves and feet with lotions and oils for over twenty minutes which was amazing. They were professional, decently priced, did a great job with my nails. I never want to go anywhere else for a pedi!
5	I don't typically write Yelp reviews, but I feel compelled to in this case.  Ken's Nails was an absolute life saver for me! I went several times as a walk-in until i found Lilly. Lilly was the best and after one time with her she was my girl! She was funny to talk to (when i wanted), but also very attentive to detail and would remain quiet when she knew i just needed to relax.  I am very active in weightlifting and soccer, so my hands and feet always require some attention.  On top of that, I worked an extremely stressful job in which I was "always on."  I started seeing Lilly about every 2 weeks for a pedicure and regular polish manicure.  It was the one time a week I turned my phone off and relaxed.  I told her that the sugar scrub generally hurt so I didn't want that as part of my pedicure, but instead asked for extra massage.  She remembered this and NEVER ONCE did i have to remind her not to do the sugar scrub.  The main reason I chose to stick with her was because of her outstanding massage on my feet and calves, but then quickly realized how great she was at everything!I was, of course, a regular and knew when to avoid the salon's busiest times (4:30-7pm, and Saturday).  I always made an appointment, and even if i found myself going during the busy times i always felt extremely well taken care of.  I guess I feel that if you want to be seen in a timely manner than it's only common sense to have that time set aside especially for you by making an appointment.Because I went so often, I got regular polish manicures.  They lasted with minimal chipping the entire 2 weeks. I always did a "party" nail, and even started to let Lilly pick out the options.  She was great and providing input about what would look good together (she knew i needed to keep it relatively professional for work), and always made sure I chose from the highest quality polishes (she would blatantly tell me not to get a polish if she knew it would chip, and i appreciated this!). I asked for the quick dry drops every time and these helped immensely with keeping the color in tact.I recently moved out of state and miss Lilly a lot!! I've yet to find a nail place that even comes close to what Lilly did for me!  I will definitely go back every time i'm in town.  On my last visit there, everyone knew i was leaving and came over to talk to me and tell me good bye.  If you are looking for a place to just "drop in" you might want to keep looking because of how busy they always are, but if you are looking for a place to go to regularly and establish your nail care, i promise you will not be disappointed, ESPECIALLY if you choose Lilly!
5	I have been coming to Ken's for a few years now and started at the Tatum location. Ken's is by far, the best nail salon I have been to. They always remember me, what I like and even what we talked about the last time I was in. Even if they are busy, they get someone to take care of me quickly and if I make an appointment they are always ready for me. The salon is always clean and comfortable and the prices are good.  I do the gel manicure and it looks great and lasts for a long time. The people are one of the best parts about Ken's. They are very freindly, very good at what they do and they take their time.
5	I cannot and will not go anywhere else for my nails. I absolutely LOVE my nail technician (whose name I will keep secret because she is already busy as is!) Everyone here is so kind, treats me as though I am family, and I always leave extremely happy with the job that they have done. Love love love Ken's!
5	I have been coming here since the day Ken and Amy opened the quality is all outstanding I have never been disappointed
5	The ladies here are superb! The services provided are great. I got a gel manicure and regular pedicure; the girl working on me did a fabulous job. My nails looked perfect and she was very gentle throughout the entire process. They even offered me a water on a hot day in Phoenix, so sweet. Overall, I enjoyed every minute of it. I would highly recommend this place; plus their selection of gel colors is amazing! :)
5	My favorite nail spa is Kens! The staff are very pleasant & accommodating! Thank you Kens... I love coming here!
5	I really liked this nail salon for a few reasons when we walked in we were greeted and told the wait was for 15 minutes and even though they where busy they still got us in!I got my nails done by the actual Ken himself he was very funny friendly and made me feel comfortable the whole visit ! A lady by the name of Ann did my design and I was impressed how she took what I wanted and made it her own and to where I liked it as well!!It's a nice area in a shopping center and more then enough parking for you to find ! I highly thank the ladies who left their good reviews it helped me land a nice nail salon !!
5	LOVE this place!!
5	Fast Service ! I walked in and was greeted within 2 min I was given cold drinking water & I was sitting in spa chair. Relaxing awayPrices:Pedicure regular $22Manicures $12 Gel manicure $30 I was helped by a lady named Lily she had great attention to details and made suggestions.I highly recommend her service. I will be returning soon :) I got a pedicure & gel manicure my first time its a lengthy process but stays on well & shiny. I have short nails and its a better option than a full set which can often damage your own nails.Hopefully it will prevent nail bitting LoL Check this place out  !! :-)
4	When I arrived, the place was absolutely packed. Nonetheless, I signed in and less than 5 minutes later I was in a chair with my feet soaking. The lady that drew my water asked if she could bring me a water. The water was ice cold and refreshing. The person that did the pedicure was fabulous.One thing I will say is that they will try to talk you into getting additional services or pricier services. It was never pushy, just a suggestion as you were getting something done.
5	I was in a rush to get my nails done before I had work and I was immediately greeted and helped. I let Amy (who did an incredible job) know I had about 45 mins for my gel change and backfill. Not only did she finish early, she even had time to fix my shape and make them look perfect. The staff was so friendly and I am excited I found my new favorite neighborhood nail spa.
5	I have been back here a few more times. When Mimi is not available, I have seen a few other techs. All of them are very friendly, and I leave happy every time! Love this spot! Thanks guys :)
1	I would like to start this review by saying that I have been coming to Ken's Nails and Spa for a few years now for several different services and - in the past - have always had great service and results. I have always been greeted immediately and have never had to wait more than a couple minutes before I am taken back for services. It truly has been my go-to in the past and I am super sad that I am going to stop frequenting this business. I am not exactly sure what has changed but my last few visits have been anything but pleasant. First, a couple weeks ago I came in for my normal eyebrow wax. Usually I am in and out in a couple minutes with perfectly manicured brows. This time I left with my eyebrows on FIRE. I went to the Albertson's following my appointment and bought some cooling aloe gel for relief but nothing helped. The area ended up breaking out in blisters that last at least a week. I had several people ask me if I had suffered a burn. Yikes! it was not good and extremely painful. I let the bad eyebrow wax slide and thought maybe it was a fluke accident and went back last night for a mani-pedi. I feel bad because I am not sure the tech who was working on me really understood some of the things I was trying to communicate to her. At one point I asked her to file my nails slightly shorter and she said "ok" but then just moved on. That wasn't really the worst part though. During both the mani and pedi she repeatedly hurt me while removing my cuticles. I can be a wuss so I know sometimes it is just me being a baby but this was ridiculous. At one point I gasped and pulled my foot away and the nail tech next to her actually had to scold her and tell her to take it easy. Needless to say I left with one nail bleeding which didn't stop for over an hour and is still painful to the touch.
5	KENS NAILS AND SPA IS THE ONLY PLACE I WILL GO!I LOVE this salon! All of the nail tecnitions are SO friendly and easy to get along with, as well as do an amazing job! I've been going for quite a while now and when a girlfriend asks me to go get my nails done with her i say "only if we go to my salon!" i dont even live close to Kens but the service is AMAZING!IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR PERFECTION AND ARE AS PICKY AS ME ASK FOR AMY OR CHRISTINA !KA IS ALSO AMAZING- VERY HELPFULL ALSO VERY FUNNY!I have never gotten my brows done there (although i would) , i am interested in the EYELASH EXTENTIONS they offer, only 99$!
2	Disclaimer: first time to the salon and it was packed.Service was slow and greeters were disorganized. I was told the wait would be 10 minutes, and it was 15 in the front and then another 25 with my feet in water. I selected a nail color that another associate took and then promptly lost while I was waiting, and I had to settle for a similar color without the sparklies I was hoping for. The place can service lots of people at one time, but the space as a result is a little cramped. Not certain if the door opening let in the desert heat today, but it was easily 80+ degrees in the salon... Which isn't great when your feet are in a hot bath. I was offered water - not many places offer that - but it was after my nails were done. Overall quality of the job was fine, but I've been to salons with better service.
4	I love this place. Came in during an extremely busy part of the day but, I made an appointment a few hours prior and was seated right away. Clean salon. Mimi is great!!
4	Linda v is my favorite here and she belongs a personal room other than main part of salon, hence I need not to get my toes done in main salon. She also a classic guy loves all the best classic song it crests more nice environment in here room, so I like it much. Ergonomic chair she uses is the best one fees so comfort. I just suggest you to come here specially to Linda/// nice woman does greats!!!
2	Had my nails done here about month ago.. Just now getting to the review. Let me tell you this place gets packed !!! Had two nails techs.. I came here thinking great reviews but arrive thinking  should I walk out .. It's smelled sooo strong of polish... U probably will leave dizzy lol .. My nails design did not last one day fell out when I got home ...had to call right away... next day I had to go in to get it removed and they did give my 5 bucks for it but I had to ask.. They lady said this design is not for nails .. Mind u I showed her a pic on Pinterest of a simple rhinestone design for just two fingers I wanted it on .. Not the great customer services after the fact..  I shoulda been placed with someone that could have done great designs and I would have waited ... No problem Honestly I would just try somewhere else...so u can enjoy pedi in peace .. And get nails u really want ... Not told later oh I told u or I'm not good at designs .. Waste of money really.. Only reason I give a two star review is cuz my toes looked nice and lasted more then two weeks. From guy that did my toes ...
4	They did a great job on my manicure and, fortunately, were able to take me as a walk in with no wait on a Friday afternoon.The youngish guy who did my nails was friendly, skilled and helped me pick out an alternate color when they didn't have the one I wanted. I sat on a high stool which reminded me of being at a bar at happy hour, but otherwise was comfortable.I deducted one star because the fumes in this place will knock you over if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. I kind of got used to it after a few minutes, meaning I didn't want to hurl from the smell, but if you're at all bothered by this sort of thing it might be a deal breaker. I don't think they're ventilating properly.
5	Kens nails and spa is my go to place for my nails and pedi. Amy is just amazing and very talented at doing my nails. She knows exactly what I want. For my pedi Mandy is beyond great. She really gets in there and does such an amazing job, especially with massaging my legs, I always have to get the extra 10 mins cause I don't want her to stop lol. Id recommend this place to everyone, it's def a must!
5	Wouldn't go anywhere else for my nail care needs! Amy and Cindy are amazing at what they do! I always go to one of them for my nails. The pedicures are great, they let you soak and relax for as long as you need and give great feet and leg massages! It's best to make an appointment because this place is so great, the chairs remain full at most times, but never a long wait because they are fully staffed with amazing techs! I fully trust them with anything I need done, and always walk out super happy, and feeling pampered!!
4	New to the neighborhood but this was a great find thanks to Yelp! Kimberly is great and does quality work, so sweet. Prices are a bit pricey but reasonable with 10% discount EVERY time when checking in. I do recommend making an appt the day before if going on the weekend, it's a bit chaotic.
4	The nail artist was very thorough and detailed, which I appreciated. They used used nail files, and metal instruments were quickly wiped with an alcohol swab before being put away. My nails look good!
5	Kens nails is the best!!! When they moved from their prior location I still followed to their new location even though its 10 miles from my house. Mandy is the best!!! Amazing nail designs. Great place great people clean and friendly. Always updating to make the salon nicer and better. Amy and ken are awesome!!! Thank you for your great services nails waxing. Worth the drive
5	Had to give praise where it's due.It has taken me 4 years since moving here to find great consistent service.Then I found Kens nails..Love this place.the style the vibe, the techs all good friendly ! U can tell the nail techs get paid well or they just love there jobs:)..great selection of colors esp gel polish!over 100+ choices.Over Friday -Sunday it's jam packed but short wait times..I love the lady who does my nails ! I frequent here 2 times a month& I am a customer for life!
4	Definitely a loyal customer! The nail tech's do great work and are always up to date on the latest nail trends. They have plenty of pedicure chairs and can easily squeeze you in for a last minute appointment. The prices are reasonable for all services and they even have a punch card for $5 off after 10 visits! I did dock a star for their manicure bar. It's a tight area and the barstools aren't too comfortable for an hour ordeal when getting a fill.
4	Amy did my acrylic fill. She uses a large brush that allows quick yet precise application and gets very close to the cuticle without flooding it. She is also very skilled using the electric file, as she does not overfile the natural nail. She's incredibly friendly and greeted everyone as they walked in, as well as answered the phone, multitasking with ease. I appreciated that she didn't chat too much, which allowed me to watch her work, super professional! Looking around, I noticed Gelish, Shellac, and OPI Axxium, so there is something for everyone provided they are familiar with gel services.Cleanliness was up to state board standard, but I gave the four star review due to the Clorox wipe containers that lined the manicure bar (which is understandable for the public's hyper-phobic need for proof of sanitation). Tucking them behind the bar would actually improve a client's first impression in my opinion.Ken's is perfect for someone who is in a hurry yet wants a quality, no frills service.
4	It's not often that you find a nail salon the provides consistent great results! This is my go to nail salon. My gel manis are amazing and the staff is great. The price is a few dollars more, but it's totally worth it! It gets really packed so I recommend making an appointment. They do a great job on eyebrow waxing as well!
4	Great selection of polishes including gel. The technicians are generally friendly and skilled. The place can get packed pretty quickly, but since they have many technicians on staff, I have never waited more than 10 minutes. Also, be sure to use the yelp check-in discount if it's available!
1	I went here for the first time last week because my friend had recommended the place. Not impressed at all. The guy was having issues getting my old nails off and was really rude about it and made comments about them to the girl sitting next to him the entire time. Not professional at all and I WONT ever be going back there.
5	Ken's is awesome! Right up the street from my house and every time I go its never more than a couple minutes.  They do a great job, its the only place I'll go. They are always friendly and professional!
5	Wow! They were HOPPIN' and I needed in-and-out with a spa pedicure and gel manicure. How many times have you been someplace and they said "no problem" only to have you trapped with your feet in the spa for 20 minutes before they even got to you!? Not here!! They said they could get it done in an hour and they did! And they did a fabulous job!!
5	The Yelp reviews were so right! Went in for a pedi and they did a great job.  I enjoyed the fact they had football on too - a bit selfish but hey! why not?  Great spot for a pedi; organized and good prices.
4	My new go-to pedi spot. They have ALL the new OPI colors & the pedi was kinda awesome ($22) I would give this place a shot if you live in the area...
1	I have been going to ken's for years and have stopped going to them recently because of the horrible manager.  I cant recall her name because in my head she's labeled as something not so nice. Yes this last time I walked in pretty late but they usually fit me in anyways.  The open sign was still up and people waiting. She asked me what kind of service did I want. I replied,  then was told that they had been closed for 40 minutes already.  Ok so why ask me what I wanted then?  Also, they have raised their prices.  I always thought that they're on the more expensive side, so I was surprised to see the cost rise. The quality of work they put out doesn't match the price you pay. They should go back to the basics like when they first opened and didn't have any attitude. So-so nails, cost of services raised,  and a bitchy front desk person.  No thanks! What a shame....
1	Thank you for the toenail infection! I go in right before my due date (I'm pregnant) to get my nails done. I wake up the next morning and one of my toes is red and inflamed . I have to go to the doctor now. Thanks kens !
5	I went for the first time today. I have been struggling to find a good yet reasonably priced nail salon nearby. I saw it had great reviews and started my morning there. I entered literally one minute after opening and there were 7 people there getting their nails done. I was immediately seated and my nails turned out great! I would recommend this place to anyone!
3	Most the technicians did a great job, but one of my last technicians didn't deal the acrylic properly and now I have a nail fungus to combat.
5	Best gel mani's around. Mandy never disappoints! Her pedi's are pretty awesome too. I live 30 miles from the salon and have hundreds of places to choose from but I will not veer course as I've tried many places, so trust me when I tell you this is one of the best!
