5	Black Leather High Mexican Caballero Made Cowboy Boots for under $100.00 You know I lucked out. They are so sexy. So basic. I can wear them with anything. When I combined them with my Black Felt Cowboy hat and went to my local bars, my ensemble did cause quite a stir. I know how to ride a horse mister! Don't Test me. Have you ever heard of Bill Pickett's Rodeo? This store is so hidden. Off the beaten path. I found it because my tattoo place is across the street. I like East Flamingo for that off-strip feel.There is an excellent boot selection for men, women and children. I was also impressed by the vast selection of Western Wear. Get your Cowgirl on for sure. Suede, Leather, Alligator, Snake.I am so happy with my boots. Check them out!
5	Went to Cowtown today to pick up a pair of work boots and my experience was splendid.  The service was excellent as was the selection of footwear.  I went to the boot barn after to compare the prices and saved myself a nice amount buying from Cowtown.  I will revisit them next time I'm looking for some new boots for sure.
5	Great boots & great people.  The people here are very helpful and friendly.  And the selection is great.  Only 1 1/2 miles from the strip.  thank god!
5	I'm an Asian-American who wears cowboy boots. Ever since I was a little kid I was always a big fan of Leiji Matsumoto, and in many of his shows he would feature a Japanese hero or villain who for some reason would be wearing cowboy boots even though he was from Japan. I've always modeled my fashion sense after Matsumoto's art, so that's why I wear vintage1960s London Coats,that's why I wear bootcut jeans, and that's why I wear cowboy boots that have flashy-over-the-top designs.  I was helped by a cowboy named Jesse who knew every little fact about cowboy boots and how to choose them. What I love the most about the service he provided was that he NEVER tried to up-sell me. At other Western Boot stores they always try to pressure you into buying the most expensive boot, but you won't get that here at COWTOWN.  You can look around all you want, and there is no pressure to buy. Jesse was great and he probably gave me the best customer service I have ever gotten in Las Vegas. And we all know that good customer service is extremely hard to find here in LV.  In fact, every worker here provided excellent service and the best thing was that they didn't come off too wacky like one of those car salesmen from Oklahoma. Everyone at COWTOWN had that old fashion "Polite Republican from Texas" attitude.I would rather come here instead of Shepler's. Don't get me wrong, I love Shelper's but COWTOWN has much better prices. I bought a pair of boots at Shelper's that costed $220, but I found the same exact ones here at COWTOWN for $59.99. Also, the customer service at COWTOWN is just unbeatable.
