5	It was an EMERGENCY...I needed a locksmith, yesterday. I needed to get into my building, it was late afternoon when I realized, I couldn't get in and I started calling around. Tim at Anytime is mobile and he told me no problem, 6pm would work for him. So, 6pm it is. He shows up, in his mobile lock van and opens the door and gets me 2 new keys and I'm only $60 lighter for the whole experience. Really, I could simply start losing my keys all the time, and hell, I've got Anytime so no worries!
5	Anytime Lock & Safe was EXCELLENT when I needed their help for an automotive lockout service. Buyer beware when dealing with any ol' locksmith that Google gives you - many are unscrupulous cons who give legitimate locksmiths a bad name. Four Reasons Why You Should Patronize Anytime Lock & Safe: 1. They speak English. 2. They are quick and arrive promptly to your location. 3. They don't BS you with hidden fees or inflated service fees. 4. They do the job professionally, the first time, in just a matter of seconds. I only bring up #1 because the language barriers with a majority of locksmiths in Phoenix causes a great deal frustration. #2 is also important since many folks give very aggressive estimates and these folks were on-time when they said they would be. #3 is major -- they do not BS you with additional fees *like every other locksmith does*. In my case, it was $50 to pop my lock and that was it. No haggling needed: this is -by far- the most affordable locksmith in the East Valley/Phoenix I know. #4, you don't get what you pay for ... Anytime provides professional service, invoice/receipt and they do the job the right way without you needing to meddle later. I wanted to thank them for their great service and they stand out as one of the best locksmiths I've ever patronized. If you ever need pop-a-lock/auto lockout service in Phoenix, Mesa, Gilbert, Chandler, Tempe, these guys are awesome and affordable. My technician who helped me was Herb and was super cool and friendly. Thanks!
5	These guys are AWESOME!!! I called them at just after 7PM on a Friday night and he said he'd be out within 30mins.  He was here in about 15-20 and had the door unlocked within 30secs!! A+++
4	We have an older Volkswagen and needed a second key made after losing a set.  Got an excellent deal on the internet for two new flip keys.  Now, it is a bear to find someone to cut them.  Called Mickey at Anytime, and he said sure he could do them, and at a reasonable price.  We did have a bit of hit and miss at getting together to get them done, but once we were both available, he got the job done quickly and professionally.  I would use his services again!
