1	COX SUCKERS! ....hahahahaI will do my best to refrain from any foul language during this review.I have been using qwest for over 3 years now for Internet service only.I have called in again today....No Internet connection.....same routine Every time...I don't have a land-line...let me give you my account number.....I read it directly off the bill...I'm told that the number does not exist.......nor does my address....or name....So they cannot help me......WTF!!!!You sure as hell cash my checks every F-ing month don't you, you Mother F-ing Bastards!!!!My God if I could reach through that phone....Oh the things I would do!
1	No other company I've had to deal with has been more inept than Qwest. Because our apartment complex is forcing us to use Qwest over Cox, we have no choice. We had a problem with our internet connection (surprise surprise) and spent over half an hour trying to pull up the account. Not only can Qwest not provide its services, it can't even maintain a consistent system for keeping track of its customers. "I'm sorry sir, are you sure that's your address? We have no account on record for that address or phone number."Uh. Do you not send us bills in the mail every month to this address? No record of our names, of our address, our phone numbers, nothing. And yet we pay them every month. Like bitches. We finally tracked down our account number and got the problem resolved by "Fred" over the phone.Cox isn't a shining example of quality customer service either, but compared to the barnyard bonanza that is Qwest... I can't wait til we can switch over.
1	Hah to even call qwest an internet service provider would be a hard lie. Its like they dont even try those stupid slobs dont know how to do anything right. If you are with qwest be prepared to solve you own problems and throw money down the drain for choppy service. You have been warned!!
5	So the big gripe here seems to be that they have a hard time finding accounts because they want the associated phone number.  They wanted that from me too, but I didn't have one, so I didn't know.  Did I have to wait while the guy tracked through systems?...yep...but let's be honest...he was on the other end of the line working pretty diligently to *find those numbers*...it's not like I was the only one stuck.  Why didn't I have those numbers?...  Because I had a few hours previous cancelled my phone line.  When i cancelled it, btw, I got no flack, no pressure, the phone was canceled and my bill dropped.  Significantly, I might add.  The girl was helpful and cheerful and polite.  This is in stark contrast to the constant effort to up sell me when I cancelled my cox service...Then my issues...I had this weird glitch thing going on where my service would die, and my TV would make these terrible noises and a couple other bugs.  They did track down my account, and then the tech in the NOC traced me *by address* as a last straw and reset my box.  He stayed on the line while I tried to recreate the overload that caused the issue in the first place.  No issue, but he was obviously going to stay put until I let him go.  I did...no flack, no pressure, the problem was resolved and my tv worked.  He wasn't overly cheerful, he was just a tech doing the things that techs do and fixing the problem.  Efficient.In the end, part of the problem was that I was on some other system used to track prism tv.  This might have been a line of malarky to buy them time, I don't know, but it might help some of you if you have an issue.  Maybe it makes a difference.My service works.  My customer support was fantastic. My bill got lowered.  All it took was patience enough for the guy to do his job.
