3	Not many people will be bothered about travelling all the way to Ocean Terminal to use the Vue cinema. But this is exactly why it's so good. Usually you can watch the latest release with a minimal crowd and minimal unwanted noise.Vue has an abundance of screens and all with plenty of seating and a wide airy interior. The service is what we've all come to expect from such cinema chains: its quick and easy. As a result, Vue is worth noting if your not one for busy congested cinemas.
4	I love this vue, mainly because there is free parking at Ocean Terminal. I've lost count of the amount of times I've paid the same amount for parking as I did for the ticket, so I get a sense of satisfaction when I come to this vue.there's no reason why you shouldn't come here, really. Well, I suppose it's only really beneficial if you have a car, otherwise it's a but out of the way. But there are great transport links, what with the trams coming into place and all.They always show the latest movies and is just as good as any other vue cinema. I always forget how far it is from the cashier to the actual cinema, though - it's up a biiig escalator and a few minutes walk, but that's no biggie.There is always a queue too, both for the tickets and the food, so prepare time for that.The only thing about this particular cinema is the heat - they must have it on full blast because I always work up a sweat watching the movies. Oh and the toilets are a bit messy, but other than that it's great!
3	I know, I know... Vue is a chain cinema and doesnt really fit into what Yelp is trying to do, but the people need to know about this place.Firstly, there is a much better Vue cinema as part of the Omnicentre in the middle of town, so it's easier to get to (not miles away from everything!) has more and bigger cinemas, as well as being just generally a bit better.However, this Vue does have its benifits - firstly, being a bit out of the city is a slight benifit for those of us who like the cinema to be half full when we go. Unlike the Omnicentre Vue, which is usually crammed full of other people, this place is quieter but you wont be the only person there to see the latest French Art House film. *cough*. Secondly, the staff here are really friendly, maybe becuase they havnt had a chance to hate customers yet because they see so few. Also, there is free parking at Ocean Terminal, so its a bit easier to get to and from, especially for those late night showings.
2	A bit hit and miss this one...Positives:- plenty of free parking- multi-screen so lots of choiceNegatives:- never enough staff working so the queues are a bit of an issue- being a multi-screen its exceedingly impersonal and has no individualityPositives from negatives- the lack of staff means you can generally occupy the more comfy, expensive seats without any repercussion - not the most honest thing to do I know, but once in a while....!
4	Vue at Ocean Terminal is my closest cinema being only a 15 minute walk from my flat.  less if i get the bus on days i'm being lazy.  and although it's a chain cinema, i have to say that this Vue is quite nice.  it's never too busy as most people don't seem to come out to Ocean Terminal to see movies so almost never a problem to get tickets even for the first release day of blockbuster films.  the seats are comfy and the popcorn is quite good, they also have a sharer combo special that is a large popcorn with two bottles of water for under a tenner.  at a cinema i actually find this an incredibly good deal and a bottle of water is way more thirsty quenching after a huge bucket of salted popcorn!the cinema has all the latest releases with big screens to see them in.  i'm pretty sure they also have a 3D screen but i've never bought tickets (i don't get the 3D movie concept...).  definitely a good cinema that i'm happy to go to when i want to see a movie.
4	For a Sunday afternoon it wasn't too busy.  Quick, friendly service.  Speedy tickets, VIP seats to point out and half empty screen... Nice!Bought some ben and jerry's ice cream - cherry garcia and yogurst based brownie - both were very nice and wanted more.  2 scoops doesn't even get me to the beginning of the film - dammit!Film very good but annoyed at the people who keep banging the door (i think they went to the toilet)  you shoulda went before the film started!!  Note to cinema management: install quiet doors in the future - hence minus a star!clean and spacious too.
4	This is a big cinema. I think it has about 12 screens. It is located a little out of town (in Leith)  and mostly serves the locals - which are plentiful. It is convenient for shopping and a film as it is in the Ocean Terminal Shopping Centre.  Prices for the films are not the cheapest, but you'll have that in all cinemas these days. I always find it a bit too expensive for the what you pay for hot dogs, nachos, popcorn, sweets, ice cream, water and soft drinks. It is a massive markup.But then again I go to see a film, not to have an outstanding hot dog or nacho meal, so if someone chooses to spend all this extra money on that stuff, good for them. For what this cinema does it does it well. It shows the latest blockbusters, sometimes and Indy. You get comfy chairs, good leg space and a great sound. It is clean and well maintained. They have regular late night showings and it is a little eerie to walk around an empty shopping mall after hours. (especially after a great horror film) as it is close to home I prefer going here than to the one in the Omni.
