1	This place turns into a "Night Club" after hours on Weekends. This Review only covers the "Night Club".La Jolla (previously The Tillerman) is jumping on the "Night Club Bandwagon"  like a lot of restaurants here in town. my wife and I visited this place 6.6.14 and it was completely DOA, DEAD, NADA! Most Restaurants- Night Clubs ( La Casona, Pampas, Oracle Nite Club, etc, etc) offer some type of special, Ladies drink free for and hour, 2 for 1 drink specials, bucket of beer specials etc, etc! They do really good and bring plenty of people in with such offerings. Not La Jolla! They think they could just come into town and "rake-it in". They had no such drink specials of any kind. The DJ (FM 99.3 Live Mix) was not prepared nor was the sound on point, the bartender had no experience in Bar Tending,  and to top it off La Jolla charges $10 "admission" ! La Jolla you haven't won the locals to start charging anything,  be happy we gave you a shot ! you have nothing to offer us, you can't justify charging us anything! Win us first, Go back to the drawing board at least twice, get it right! LA CASONA, PAMPAS, GONZALEZ Y GONZALEZ,  MAYAN, ORACLE NITE CLUB, etc,etc. all have it together, they know their crowd,  they know the Night Club Business!  La Jolla, first focus on being a Restaurant,  establish your "brand", don't try to recoup your investment on the backs of the night crowd, we are offended! You will only have the opportunity to offend us once!
4	My Vegas-guy co-worker had been chatting up this place at work for weeks, finally on a random Friday a group of work friends went.I got there around 9:00pm ahead of the others.  The place with pleasantly quiet, except for a few patrons, and I enjoyed the chill atmosphere and the decor of the room while sipping a beer from the bartender.  My co-workers arrived, and we were all starving for food at this point.  In fact, my co-worker who was a former chef said they knew how do to hamburgers well here.  The staff swapped a few stories with my co-workers while we chilled at the bar.  I ordered a cheddar burger, as did a ravenously hungry friend of mine.After a few minutes, the chef came with metaphorical egg on his face: looks like they were out of freshly prepped beef patties for the night.  A disappointing mistake, but it meant a lot to me that a chef could be both friendly and apologetic and not in the cheesy, corporate "fake" way that I've had at chain restaurants.  He offered to prep both of us a special chicken sandwich of his own design with some extras like avocado. I can't ever say to to avocado!  The chicken, bacon, sandwich creation filled us both up.The bartender exchanged a few jokes with our group.  He introduced me to a new type of rum that I enjoyed (and I am PICKY about my rum too!);  We got to sample a few new drinks they were experimenting with.Overall?  I loved our service here.  It felt genuine, fun, and relaxed. Meals start around 10 dollars here, and I didn't stay for the complete transition to the night club, though as left a line of girls was forming to join the three or four that already entered. I give the service here five stars. Four stars overall.
5	From NY and was vacationing in Vegas. I was specifically looking for somewhere to dance Latin music on a Fri night. My friend and I tried going to La Casona first but after that wasn't a success we walked down the road to La Jolla: Cover: Yes, there is a $10 cover, if that's enough to turn you away, you probably shouldn't be in Vegas.Drinks: Well made, around $10 - don't remember exactly. Got a free shot just for checking in. Def got drunk that night. Music: GREAT VARIETY. The DJ played everything from Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Hip-Hop, House, Top 40, etc.Vibe: There was a good amount of people. It definitely wasn't packed but def not empty. Plenty of room to dance and have a great time. If I had to guess I would say most of the crowd is local but we met a few girls from out of town. Overall: Had A GREAT TIME! Danced the night away and would definitely recommend.
5	This review is overdue. I went here on a Thursday night for  salsa and it was great. I enjoyed the instructor. He is very upbeat. There was no cover for salsa might. I have not been to the night club on Fridays. I sat at the bar and was greted by a very beautiful and friendly batender.  I can't  remember her name, but she chatted with me and made a good suggestion  of drink to order.  This was greatly appreciated since I was there alone. I met a local whom was very friendly and shared  his tacos with me. The atmosphere was great and i had an awesome time. I will be going again to salsa night more often.
