4	Their fruit smoothies are frozen fruit and don't taste so good to me. I will say their peanut butter slam(pb, banana, and frozen vanilla yogurt) is the best damn thing in town.  I probably have about 20 of these a year and should drop it off at a lab to have it tested for crack rock inside because its so addicting! They also have a buy 10 get one free card.
4	This place is great.  I used to be a Smoothie King regular, but now I'm going to work this place into my routine.  The drinks here are not really as sweet as other places, but to me that's a good thing.  It means they don't add any sugar or artificial stuff to enhance the taste, plus they taste fresher.Very refreshing drinks that taste great.  I think the add-ins that they have are more effective too.  I added a relaxation boost to mine and I was completely mellowed out for a couple hours.  I have to try the rest of the boosts now.
4	Carolina Smoothies features a wide selection of smoothies bound to fit each person's tastebuds.  I could write a long-winded review about the place, but here is the short summary:These are healthy, made with fresh or frozen fruit, and great for a post-workout snack.  The prices are reasonable (~$4, depending on specific item), and the service is fast and friendly.The buy ten get one free card is a nice touch. And I Love, Love, LOVE the dark choc. covered almonds.
4	I live in the Carolinas and love smoothies, so why did it take me four years to try this place? I pass it by all the time but decided to cool down with one of their smoothies this afternoon and it was fantastic. I like how they have their menu in order by flavor and they have interesting and fun concoctions.Wanting something orange like, I got the Carolina Sunrise, which was refreshing and delicious but had to stop slurping it down due to a case of the brain freeze. And they have punch cards which is just straight up awesome. I love that they sell protein powders there including Spiru-tein (my favorite brand due to their funky flavors).Who needs to go to the king of smoothies when you have a local establishment that makes tastier smoothies that cost less?
4	In the dead heat (and humidity) of a typical summer in the Carolinas, there are days where the thought of a hot lunch just doesn't appeal.  Sometimes I'm just not all that hungry, or I want something quick but not too filling.  Other times I just want a light and healthy meal or snack on the go.  For any of these moods, Carolina Smoothies fits the bill nicely.This small local shop is always immaculately clean, friendly and quick.  Their smoothie menu is right above the counter and is logically laid out.  Ingredients and options are clearly listed.  I've found the smoothies to be always tasty and the flavor combinations to be complimentary and pleasing.  Options abound even if you opt against dairy.  Want to skip the ice and just have fresh juice? How about a shot of wheatgrass?  Just walk over to the right-hand counter and survey the juice bar. Perhaps more impressive, however, is the selection of protein bars and powder packets.  They carry lines here I've not seen elsewhere.  Downside is I'm not likely to spend $3-4 to try something new from a class of product that has the dubious history of tasting like cardboard.  Luckily, though, they also carry a selection of petite packages of bulk foods- sesame sticks, yogurt pretzels, fig newton bars, almonds, etc.  At $4 -$5 for a regular smoothie, you're not coming out much cheaper than a sit down lunch, but this is typical of any other smoothie stop in town.  Still, it's a cool treat for those otherwise intolerable summer days.
4	Loving some Carolina Smoothies.lots of flavor combinations, juice bar, dried snack mixes, protein mixes, energy/protein/weight loss/etc bars, a cooler with waters (including coconut)... the perfect place for a speedy meal or snack on the go. most of the fruit smoothies include a add-in of your choice (protein pack, energy, fat burner, immunity, etc) and they also have protein shakes available. employees are super friendly, there's a small seating area if you care to stick around, and there's a small card with a few nutrition facts (most just fat/calories) for each of the smoothies posted as well.
4	I used to go to Smoothie King a lot until a friend brought me here and now I'm a convert! I love the buy 10 get 1 free card!The ONLY complaint I have is that sometimes I wait a little too long for a smoothie. The reason varies, somebody comes in that the owner (I think she's the owner?) recognizes so she makes theirs quickly without a verbal exchange, sometimes there are several people in front and since only one person is making the smoothies, you just have to wait, etc etc. I would appreciate a little more "be with you in just a moment" type comments instead of making me stand there and watch other things happening except my order being taken. This is especially important to me when people are at the smoothie counter and the juice counter. If I'm going to wait, that is ok, just acknowledge me and tell me you'll be right there! Anyway, this is just a small complaint that I will deal with because I love the smoothies! HAHA!Overall, this place is wonderful and makes for a great healthy meal/snack on the go. Just don't expect to always be in and out within a couple minutes! lol! Also, love the yogurt pretzels!
5	Five stars for one simple fact: it is the best smoothie "chain" in Charlotte. They actually use real frozen fruit. They have a large menu and everything ive tried has been wonderful. While you wait you can browse around at all the cool health food stuffs they have, I always pair my smoothie with some ostrich jerky. Another awesome thing about Carolina Smoothies is they play the best music, seriously. From Animal Collective to M83, they always have the jams going.
5	I worked right down the street and never knew this placed existed until a former intern told me about this place. Best smoothies ever!! I am hooked!! They have all kinds of protein bars, protein shake mixes and the BEST yogurt covered pretzels! Love this place! Especially the punch card :) Once you try this place, you'll be hooked. Promise!!
4	The Mrs and I rely on the morning smoothie for our small familial unit. Typically packed with greens and not so much on the sugar. Carolina Smoothies, where they have the appeal for the masses and maybe not SO much on the health side, what they do is great. The availability of smoothies without sugar, fresh juices, replacements for any sort of dairy, and other healthy additives is a huge plus for this joint. If you're in the mood for a simple fruit smoothie and not a bunch of other junk added in, they will accommodate. My recent favorite is the Key Lime Cooler sans yogurt, extra banana, no agave or sugar added. Tart and refreshing. Great for a morning meal or post-workout. The prices vary and the sizes are absurd. You're not going to find a ridiculous 465oz smoothie here, which I like. Also, they have tons of snack foods to choose from -- pretzels, nuts, bars, mixes, etc. I really like the community board in the back, too. Lots of local info on races, activities, etc. I'm a fan! Looking forward to becoming a more reliable regular. Viva Dilworth.
5	This is my favorite place to get a smoothie in Charlotte.  I came here for the first time in 2005 when I was in college.  I've tried the majority of their menu and love the option for the healthy additions.  They also have a wide selection of snack mixes, bars, jerkies, etc. which are great for a quick bite if you're in a rush.The menu is broken up by Berry Blends, Peach Blends, Tropical Blends, Orange Blends and Specialty Blends.  There's Children Smoothies and don't worry health nuts - they've got wheatgrass shots for you too!I've never had an issue parking here which is always a plus.I love the fact that it is locally owned and that the owner is in there everyday.  Make sure you start a punch card so you can get a free smoothie after 10 are purchased!
5	Don't go to the chains when you can support a local business with great ingredients. In addition to smoothies you can get every type of granola or protein bar out there. Plus a selection of nuts and dried fruit. Unsure of what smoothie to get check out the top 7 list above the register. This place is closed only 2 days a year and the owner is in every day but those two. I love the Orange Bliss. You can substitute orange sherbet for frozen yogurt if you like.
5	I'm Obsessed with this Place!! The Smoothies are made with fresh fruit and you have the ability to add in healthy additions. I personally enjoy the Red Zinger that has Strawberries, Pineapples, and bananas. Staff is extreme nice and helpful!
4	Absalutly love this place, fairly priced local business. The smoothies are amazing the frequent customer card is a great idea. I just wish they had a place to sit and enjoy in the shop.
5	Best smoothie place near uptown Charlotte that i've been to.The smoothies are very smooth, unlike the gritty texture that you sometimes get at other places. There are plenty of extra things you can add -- so that there are options for everyone, no matter how health conscious.
4	I was trying to be good (ya right... this lasted one day) and opted for a smoothie for lunch. There are 2 options nearby my work, and I went with a local store instead of a chain. Carolina Smoothies surprised me with being only $4.75 for 20oz (with 1 supplement addition). There were so many options to choose from, and at the end I went with their most popular choice, which was the Peach Persuasion. It's one of the lesser calories smoothies, with less fat gram (they have a list posted). On a hot day, this is a great alternative and semi-healthy. I will be back (along with my punch card)!
5	I prefer Carolina Smoothies over any of the other surrounding smoothie shops. Not only are the prices better, but you can just tell that the ingredients are fresher and healthier. When I am in the mood for a treat, I order the Peanut Butter Slam- too good! I also enjoy the Protein Blast and Peach Persuasion when I'm in the mood for something a little lighter :) They also have different protein bars and snacks you can buy. I like the Think Thin bar selection they offer, and the banana chips are really great too. Definitely check them out!
4	Being a runner, I often frequent the running store located in the same plaza as Carolina Smoothies.  I usually hit the running store and then walk on over Carolina Smoothies a few paces away.Its your typical smoothie establishment with a wide variety of fruity combinations.  I like that you can incorporate one of their "Healthy Additions" such as "fiber pack", "creatine pack", "energy pack" to any smoothie.  I usually order something from the "Tropical Blends" or "Orange Blends" sections on the menu and add the "relaxation pack".  They are always bursting with flavor and are perfect on hot, summer days. I like this place and I can't wait to go back...Suddenly I need something from the running store...
5	Carolina smoothieI dont know why I waited so long to review Carolina Smoothie. As my check ins indicate, I'm here at least twice a week, and with good reason...1. Supporting local small businesses, woo!2. There is something for eeeeveryone here. I love my 'Morning After' smoothie but I've tried a few others and they have all been fantastic. There are also extra blends (protein, fiber, etc) that you can add in. 3. Carolina Smoothie also has a little hodgepodge of health bars, protein snacks, ostrich jerky sticks (so flipping addicting and tasty), detox teas, and a bunch of other stuff. They also have yummy snacks like chocolate covered almonds, banana chips, and some other great things. 4. Everything is very well priced. Usually we walk out with two smoothies and two snacks and spend $10-12. Another great reason to come here. 5. They have a sitting section with, what I call, 'old school' pin up information board filled with flyers, business cards, roommate requests, etc, it's pretty cool. 6. I enjoy the employees. It's usually a mix up of the same three people who are all friendly and nice and somehow always make me laugh or smile when I walk in. I love this place, hands down my favorite spot for smoothies in Charlotte. They are kind and quick and their smoothies are delicious! Stop in!
