4	This used to be called the Stagebrush Theatre back in the day. I have many fond memories of seeing plays here with my mother when I was in elementary school.  It's kind of an old building, but it's charming, and the Greasepaint kids always put on a good show at a reasonable price :) It's funny that I used to go to this theater as a kid, because before I even met my hubby he performed in plays at this very theater when he was younger! Maybe I saw him in a show without even knowing it :) How serendipitous!
4	Wow, the production of Le Mis was certainly not what I was expecting. I figured they would rewrite a child's version but no they pretty much took it head on. I was duly impressed with the kids in the show, with exception of one. We certainly have some very talented young folks in the valley. I have seen the show several times live and in a movie. Also, a friend was in the Broadway version so I am a Le Mis fiend! I know the score by heart. it's a heavy show with powerful music. Not so child friendly, so if you go with little ones, it might need a conversation before hand or maybe a no go on this one and try the next one  ( Cinderella is their next show)    My only gripe was the Innkeeper. It is one of my favorite theater characters and  live theater funny scenes.  Role of a lifetime. When I saw it on Broadway I was rolling! I was severally disappointed in the character who had this part. I could not hear him at all or understand the words. Luckily I already knew the words to the songs, so knew they were funny, but still. ( speak clearly and louder please, it's an opera after all) It is an awesome character to ham up and I felt he just fell flat.  All of the other characters were loud enough so not sure what was going on there. Microphone issues? Also, he had friends in the audience that were extremely rude and distracting. I still can't complain too much though since the show was great for a kids production. I was like, "WOW, What in the world? They were awesome!    The theater is a sweet little theater building. Older, smaller, plain venue, but charming. A few negatives or "keep in minds when you go advice" Seating and parking are not great here so get there early. People don't seem to understand the walk to the end of the row rule without leaving random seats in between you. Seats are open and non assigned so it is hard to sit everyone together.  We always have problems when we go here with seating. Tonight we had huge parking issues. Note to self get there even earlier next time.  Also at times I wonder if they oversell the shows.    All in all a nice night out. if your kids love theater you should take them. I believe I hear they have birthday parties too. That sounds like tons of fun!!!!!!!
4	First of all, two groups are now performing at Stagebrush, the Greasepaint Youththeatre and the Scottsdale Community Players.  We started not to see the recent production of "Steel Magnolias" because we didn't want to see a bunch of youth players do that show, because we had already experienced that once and didn't enjoy it.  But we called and learned that it was SCP and adults, so we purchased our tickets online.  They didn't even look at our printout, and it was open seating, but the theatre itself is a perfect size and every seat is good.  This production had one Equity actor, who stole the show as Ouiser, and four other women who were outstanding in every way.  We were disappointed that the actress playing Clairee was away on a family emergency and the director had to step in, but from her bio we were surprised that she didn't know the lines any better than she did and had to carry the script, and several times stepped on lines or destroyed the rhythm of the show by not picking up her cues on time.  I mean, come on.  She was with the cast every day and Clairee is not a lead role, and even if she learned about the replacement that day, she still should have known the lines better.  I directed this show four years ago and I was still repeating about 90% of the lines in my head before the actors said them.  But I love this script and the other women were all wonderful, so sorry I had to take off a star.  Otherwise, the director did a good job as director--not so good as a replacement.  Sorry for the comment, but we were there at an unfortunate performance and did not feel that we had seen the show the way that the director had envisioned it.
