5	So much fun! Can't wait to do it again! What a wonderful night!
5	So much fun! Got this on living social for a friends birthday and didn't know what to expect. We ran a little late but the instructor was amazing and so sweet! We had such an awesome time we hadn't even left and were already talking about how we had to come back. Best of all I not only shocked myself with my unknown art skills everyone loves my painting:)
5	My office had a mobile party as part of our holiday celebration and it was exceptionally well run and everyone had a great time.  They bring everything you need, including drop cloths, aprons an easels.
5	We had a great time and will be back. I definitely recommend trying this place out.
5	I took my mom on a play date to Your Art Party - we both had SO MUCH FUN!!!!!  The artist, Michelle, who led us through creating the painting was GREAT!  I felt completely at ease.  I was given enough direction to feel comfortable, and enough freedom to make my picture "my own".  I loved seeing how different all of the paintings were at the end of the class, and really enjoyed getting to know the other people there. I posted about this experience on my FB page and have already responded to several requests for more information about Your Art Party - I'm excited to do this again!  :-)
5	Your Art Party helped us raise money for a charity by sharing proceeds from our party. The event was a blast, the instructor was awesome, and the experience was so special for our friends. If you are looking for something unique, fun, and creative to do as a group event give them a call. I would work with them again in a heartbeat.
5	Your Art Party hosted a fund raiser for us and the outcome was better than I could have even expected. We all had a wonderful time and were able to raise some money for a great cause. i highly recommend this activity for anyone!
4	I am really, REALLY loving public painting parties. It's great to use your brain when you go out, and it's neat to have something so cool to take home with you when you're done.I've hit up The Brush Bar in Scottsdale, and I recently discovered Your Art Party in downtown Phoenix. The space is super-intimate, with a capacity of 14 people, and it's BYOB, so you can bring as much beer and wine as you want to imbibe while you're painting.I had a blast when I went to paint a sunset recently. Everyone in the class was super-friendly and chatty and made you feel like your friends instantly. Our teacher, Mandie, was absolutely hysterical, and the painting was simple enough for everyone in the room, even a pre-teen in our group, to paint successfully.I'm excited for a private party I'm hosting there next month and think it's so cool you're able to fill the space yourself for only $25 a person.
