4	i walked in slightly moody and bitchy; and walked out refreshed and happy. my friend and i decided we were in some serious need of pampering; so we made appointments for facials and pedicures. the salon is kinda out there but well worth the drive. it was very clean and everyone was really friendly. i started with the basic facial. holly took very good care of me. i kept dozing in and out of consciousness. :) it was towards the end when she was massaging my head and temples... ya almost knocked me out. :Dafter my facial, i sat down in one of the amazing pedicure massage chairs. she really got into the massage and scrubbing my feet. this was probably one of the best pedicures i've received in a very long time. overall, they were very friendly, i didn't have to wait long, their facility was very clean, and their prices were very reasonable. i've decided that getting a facial and a pedicure from beyond nail-spa is a must every time i hit up vegas!
5	Got an awesome haircut.  My girlfriend says that the prices here are a lot cheaper than any of the other Nail/Hair salons that she frequents. 5 Stars; would go here again.
5	After a hard week of studying, my friend and I decided to try this place out and treat ourselves to some relaxation.  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the associates there. There was no wait and everyone there was so friendly. We both got a pedicure and gel manicure and when we were done, we were very satisfied with their work. The associates were very attentive to even the slightest detail. Not only can I get my mani/pedi there, but I can also get an eyebrow wax and haircut while I'm there! Overall, I had an amazing experience. It was a good price with excellent quality. Ever since the first time I came here, I've been telling all my friends to come here instead. I absolutely love this place :)
5	This place is awesome. After experiencing SO MANY nail salons in town. I'm so happy with them as my meni-pedi choice. I get my nails done once in two weeks, and they're ALWAYS nice, professional and consistent.
5	very friendly and professional! Between wearing heals to work everyday and training for a half marathon my fear of having gross feet in my old age was quickly becoming a reality. The helpful staff has taken amazing care of my problem areas and given me tips to use in between visits. Hieu and his wife are the best!
5	My Stepmom Tish A. brought me here while the boys took my Pookie shooting in the desert. Seriously? I wanted to freak out but was too busy being pampered by Hue's daughter! Gel nails and a pedi had me looking all kinds of fly, and even little 5 year old Diva Mica got hooked up with a full on spa pedicure! They also sell purses and other little things, do massage, hair, and everything else you could imagine. I can't wait to get permanent make-up done there! Their prices were really good too. If I didn't live in Cali this would be my new spot, I guess I will just need to visit my parents all the way in Vegas more often!!
5	Amazing!!! Friendly service, cleanliness and most of all extremely talented! I will most definitely return :-)
5	Learned about this place from my neighbor who used to be a nail tech herself back in the day. This is the only SW Vegas salon she would use, she even moved 1/2 hour away but would drive to get her nails done at Beyond. Michael, PJ and the ladies are soo sweet and professional and funny. Prices are G.R.E.A.T! Very accomodating and they do great work on ingrown toenails, and custom nail designs. I had my wedding nails done at this salon. You will never look better.
1	I am very unhappy with this place. I got gel on my natural nails and when I left and got home the gel was all bubbly and ridged on top.I couldn't tell when I left because I got the glitter nails and could not tell they were all lumpy.After 4 days my gel nails started lifting and peeling off.They charged me 45.00... Rip off! I had to go to another salon only after a week so they could take off the gel this place used and do the job correctly. They didn't even file my nails or anything.This place is terrible.Trust me don't waste your money.I have been getting my nails done for 20 years and this is one of the worst in Vegas.Also the owner of the salon did my nails.If he doesn't know what he is doing than imagine his employees work.
1	First time writing a review because i was extremly unsatiaifed to their service. Overall.. Horrible experience. Another staff rushing to go home. Kept splashing the chemical dust on my face when shaping my nails. Somehow she couldn't understand I'd like my nails shaped as round-square.. I lost my patience after explain it time after time after time after.... time. Seems like she just wanted to go home and didnt really want to show the effort. Not professional, kept putting the color on then remove it and repeating it all over again, and again. Continuously got interrupted by other staff talking to her or needed her to do something else. Walked  out in very bad mood. Will never go back and recommend it to anyone.
5	I have been having my nails done at Beyond Nails for 6 years. Micheal does an amazing job. JJ give the best pedicures. I love all of the staff. We had a bridal party get their nails and pedicures done, there were 6 of us.They took excellent care of all of us. I recommend Beyond nails to all of my friends.
5	This salon has got to be one of the few salons to acquire such nice and wonderful staffs! Even though Hai & Kim doesn't speak English very well, their skills won't disappoint your needs. The place is clean and tidy, hooked up with Two flat TVs with Dish Channel for customers to watch while getting their nails done. They offer water as you sit and wait for your turn. My gel nails were well done enough for it to stay new looking after 3 weeks! The staffs are quite patient with how you want your nails to look so you don't have to worry about telling them what you want or how you want your nails to be. You get a free hand massage for manicures and free legs massage for pedicures. As for hair, I believe the hair stylist has been working for 25 years. She give you advice on your hair while you're getting your hair done. She's extremely friendly and have the tendency to always chat with her customers. Not only can you get your nails and hair done, you can get your eyebrows waxed by professionals! I recommend this place if you prefer your nails to be long lasting and gorgeous, hair to be amazing, and  good looking eyebrows :)! Definitely will return, best place in the area .
5	Kim the owner gives a great massage with her pedicure. The salon is clean and calm- which I appreciate. On my last visit Kim referred me to Collette Champagne, which is an Esthetician/ Lash Artist that rents a room in the back I decided to have her do my eyelash extension fills, she was really sweet, really accommodating and did a fantastic job. I am so pleased I have found a one stop shop 5mins from my house ( Rhodes Ranch) Great prices on both!
4	Went yesterday and I am very pleased!  [I should mention that I came to this place by chance... We went to Star Nails down the street, which i was hoping would be my go - to nail place since it's closest to me, but they really suck at appointments! anyway, more on that later.]  My mani/pedi guy was Hai and he's awesome.  Very attentive to detail & takes his time.  My daughter came with as usual and she was very pleased with her tech too.  [She knows i'm an avid reviewer so she made sure to let me know.]It's a large nail salon with the typical amount of stations.  Well kept.  The polish selection is not as large as some that I've seen-- but there is a selection.   OPI,  China Glaze-- the usual.  Gel options are minimal-- but my first experience with Gel with them a is a good one.  I came there yesterday with lifting gel polish from the former salon that lasted about a week.  I let him know that I was there for a regular manicure because at that point my expectations of a 2.5 week gel set was shot to hell by Star.  I went in there thinking gel was a waste of money to have for a week and start to lift.  Just give me a regular mani right?  Hai insisted that I give him a shot... I did... and i'm glad.  My nails are on point.  ;P Pricing is decent.  Less than most other salons in the area.  Gel Mani/regular ped combo deal of 50.00 -- saving 5.00.  I will come back and schedule with Hai--- he's a cool guy.  Oh! they are also a hair salon!
3	Normally, i would never pay 12 dollars for a eyebrow wax, but i was already in the store.This salon is HUGE !!! Very clean, and cool.There were not mant people in there so i went straight back to the wax room, i love wax rooms !! Many salons do them out in the nail/pedicure area and i hate that.  The room was clean and cool, comfy.She was very soft and tender and thorough !!! A lot more waxing then plucking (which is how it should be) and her temple massage at the end was wayyyy worth those two extra dollars i spent.  When i went to pay i asked if they had flyers with their prices and they didnt, i asked if they had a website and they didnt.  Im always looking for new salons, especialy since this one is a few doors down from my work.  But, the fact that they didnt have a price guide i could take home or look at online was a big turn off.My eyebrown turned out great, but i wont go back here.....Its still a wonderful shop.
4	I've been living in Vegas since July and I have yet to find an impressive Nail Salon until now! For just 35 bucks I got a manicure and a pedicure and both were very satisfying. The gentlemen that did my services gave amazing foot massages that almost put me to sleep. He took has time doing the work and stayed very professional. I will definitely be going back here to get my nails done.
5	Collette Champaigne rents a room inside this place. I bought her services on groupon. Eyelash extensions, I have gotten sooo many compliments!! plus! she gives great referral discounts!-Linda
5	My nail guy moved away and recommended Hai.  He does a better job than most and i highly recommend him.  The salon is clean and modern and they can often get you in the same day.
3	Took my mom here and we were happy with our pedicure experience.  I made sure to call ahead of time to ask about a pedicure for 2 people.  When we got there, they were ready for my mom and I, and had us picking our colors and feet soaking in water right away.  I appreciate how they honored our appointment, despite other people being there and walk-ins.  Our nail techs were nice and gave good service  (we got the Deluxe pedicures plus nail art).  They have a beverage stand with water and coffee.  Only complaint is that they should have background music or turn the tvs up louder, and have magazines handy by the pedicure chairs.  This place is conveniently located by my house, so I'll probably be coming back here for more treatments in the future.
4	Great salon. Hai was great. did a beautiful job on my horrible feet and they look immaculate!
4	I just got an old fashioned manicure. They did try to up sell to a gel manicure, but only once which was nice. They trimmed and shaped my nails as I requested and even put an extra layer of polish to make the color really pop. Most places I've been to will make an excuse that the color is too thin and will never cover all the way. The salon itself was very clean and spacious. I would've given 5 stars if I was entertained more. The only conversation made to all the customers there were strictly business. While they were nice, they need to converse with their customers more, make it more personal. :)
5	Seriously out of all the years I've lived in Vegas this is the only place I would ever recommend. Jimmy is the best!! I'm from Southern California and beyond particular about things.. This place went beyond!! :) I highly recommend Jimmy!! They are all amazing but he is my personal fave!!
4	I came here as a walk in and was told to wait only 10 minutes. I ended up waiting nearly 30 minutes! What a bummer. But the guy did an excellent job. I got acrylics and it was exactly what I wanted. I was going for black nail polish but all they had was a cheap brand so I went for a dark purple colors. They don't have a very large assortment of colors but they have a diversity of a certain color.  Overall, the guy did the job fast but not rushed. I would recommend to people nearby for a cheap and quick doing of their nails.
5	My wife loves this place and they are very professional and kind (something rare in Vegas) every single time. They are understanding of kids and took care of my daughters pedi and mani for $10, furthermore gentleman wouldn't take our tip for hooking our daughter up. Perfect local salon.
5	Really great experience! The guy that did my nails was very friendly and got my acrylics done within an hour and that includes drying time! He offered to take off my previous acrylics for free and I really appreciate that since a different place was about to charge me $5. I would definitely recommend this place, the staff is very friendly but they are not very good at speaking English.
2	I will never come back to this place to get my nails done.. So I came in for a gel pedicure my feet did not once touch the water..  she would splash a little on them but they were never in the bucket once.. I asked her if this is the way she did all pedicures that's when she began to act like she didn't know what I was saying just smiled and nodded.. I was so upset that she did a crappy job I walked out and didn't even let her finish.. If your the type who likes good quality nails and service this is not the place for you.
