4	Burger21 was a great experience. You can taste the freshness in the meat with every bite. After talking with the owner for a few minutes you can tell his passion for food and burgers. They have a vast selection of burgers, and food. They have close to 10+ different dipping sauces and was very impressed.The only item I wished had a little better taste or texture would be the generic regular fries. Hats off to Burger21 and I am glad to add this to my lunch rotation.
4	This place is pretty good :)They'll be nice and busy!!! The cob salad was okay, but the burgers and fries were delightful.
4	Keepin it simple.Burgers were great. Absolutely great. And if I rated just on burgers, I'd give this place five stars. But I dont.I was really bummed they didn't have the cheese ale fries - which I heard was fantastic. Who runs out of cheese at a burger place?!?Service was odd. They were friendly...however having six different people come up to you every five minutes with your mouth full of burger was slightly excessive. It passed the point of being attentive to the point where it seemed they were rushing us out...even though there were only two other groups of people there. Little pet peeve of mine - employees with cellphones will always create a negative experience for me.Moving on...ketchup bar!Toasted Marshmallow - disgusting.  It was a cross between vanilla yogurt and icing. Think and runny.Ragin Cajun - nice with a little kick!Thai Ketchup - it was good! Maybe could use a bit more spice.Chipotle Mayo - It's no Copper Blue's,  but it's pretty good.In conclusion,  I must admit I like this new little burger place. But perhaps I'll do To-Go next time.
5	Great taste and great family friendly atmosphere. Sauce bar provides variety to spice things up.
4	Pretty good! Ahi tuna burger with tomatoes, cucumber lettuce, Siracha aioli, caramel soy sauce, avocado on a cute sesame toasted bun for $10. Perfectly shaped as if you didn't want to eat the nice presentation! Ordered regular sweet potato fries for $3.  Prepay at the register. Grab a number. Find a table and wait for order to come to your table. Pleasantly surprised with the taste of this combo. They even had about 10 different kinds of sauces such as Thai ketchup and chipotle mayo. Variety is key!! Inside seating was blasting cold air. Too cold for me. Optional outside seating was great for some fresh air for this time of year.The only horrific experience was when I left I ran my hand through my hair while driving to my next destination, and something weird was in my hair. Some crustationlike texture. Then some legs of some sort. And then as I was driving I see some weird bug!!!! Ughhhhh!! Screamed and drove to the nearest parking area as the bug ended up crawling from my waist seatbelt. Parked and ran out of the car and brushed that creepy weird looking bug off of me!! What a relief. Outside seating gave me an unwanted friend. Lol....despite that bug scare (meant for a bug's adventure elsewhere), I did enjoy the presentation of the burger and fries and loved the taste. Will be back soon to try more and the shakes.
5	Awesome burgers! So excited for such a great burger place in chandler! Fresh meat, lots of variety and great service! Will be back, often.
2	Probably wouldn't come back. A burger itself was 8$, fries were 3$, and a shake was 5$. Such a huge price for something completely okay, with a small portion. Service was awful, burgers came out to us 1 at a time for me and my buddies, so by the time we were ready to eat the person who got their food first was out of luck.
2	I have to give Burger 21 only two stars for a couple of reasons. First, service. Despite there being at least 15 staff members, service was slow. My friends order came out 11 minutes before mine did. The owner clearly saw that we had been waiting a while for the second burger, but he just asked a staff member to check on it rather than find out himself. It wasn't busy as we went around 1:30 pm. Second reason I am disappointed was I ordered my burger without cheese. When my order finally came out, it was clear they scraped off the cheese. I could still see melted cheese on it that had been wiped off. It could have been they reused the same bun and toppings and made a new burger patty, hence the long wait...but either way there was cheese on part of it, then wiped off. I did inform the owner who apologized and gave me a $5 off coupon for my next visit. For a burger that was $8 without fries, this was somewhat insulting especially after he informed me the cook made a new burger. Either I was lying or he was. They offered to make me a new one but I wasn't wanting to wait another 15 minutes. After all was said and done, I ate less than about half the burger as it was very soggy and I was ready to just leave. The $5 coupon isn't enough incentive to get me to try it again. That's a shame as I was hoping it would be a great neighborhood joint like Fired Pie next door is.
2	Epic Fail in Service. Good burger, so not worth the wait. Wimpy fries but the cheese ale sauce is good.Don't waste your time. Find a Smashburger instead. When you have an hour for lunch and you can't eat? That's a big fail. I think the 21 stands for 21 hour wait.
4	Yet another really good burger option for the Chandler/101 area!Over the last few months we've gotten a Smash Burger and now a Burger21 last week. If UR into red meat, how can you go wrong?I came here to grab something for a late night at the office and Burger21 hit the roof of my flavortown mouth. Sorry Fieri!  LOLI kept it simple. The cardiac arrest Blue Cheese and Bacon burger for only $7.95 and a Chocolate Malt ($4.95) to wash it down. Both were good. Expect to pay $12 or so, if you order a soft drink. Don't  those iced cold beers looked good? There's a real high probably I'll be back with some co-workers real soon.
5	Personally I think the shrimp burger is the wave of the future.   Their shrimp burger is amazing - lightly breaded and deep fried to perfection, soft brioche bun, all the fixings and drizzled with a sriracha aioli.   Best sandwich I've had in a long time.   I'll be a longtime customer.
2	I would start by saying I had high expectations. I will also say they deserve some grace as the place just opened but they did make 4 of our 5 burgers wrong. Funny detail my 'shroom burger had 1 slice of mushroom on it. They did offer to remake the burgers but I just couldn't see throwing out all of that food.As for the food. Pretty good burgers, juicy, good bun. reminded me of an old fashioned hamburger that you rolled yourself at home. But certainly not worth the price. Excellent fries, very crispy with choice of sauce. But again not sure about the $6 basket. The decor and atmosphere is trendy and very "San Fransisco".  Overall I would have to say go across the 101 to Culver's. Though Culver's a much more conservative atmosphere, you will certainly have a better burger, better service and save 30% on your bill. If it makes you feel better donate the 30% you saved to the charity of your choice.
2	Food was just ok but nothing to shout home about. The burgers were kinda bland, the fries were not really flavorful and were kinda mushy. I would not go back.
3	Burgers are overpriced for this style.  I think 6.99 for an average Size burger.  Fries are extra more than 2 dollars.  My teenage son's burger was way underdone. We asked for well done and it came out mostly red inside and dark outside. I noticed after he took a couple bites.  We had them make another. The same thing happened a second time after waiting the 6 minutes or do promised by the owner. He did give us a 5 dollar token for our troubles. I got a Cobb salad. It was average size, not huge for I believe 6.99 or so. Meh. Not impressed.  Might just go get a free milkshake with our 5 dollars.
4	New burger place in our area, decided to give it a try for dinner on a Monday night. You walk in and order your food at the counter, they give you a number and then bring it out to you. Food = REALLY good! The burgers were cooked perfectly, and all the ingredients tasted fresh. My favorite part...they have a condiment bar! I didn't count but I'd guess there are at least 10 different sauces to pick from. This is helpful for someone like me who is super indecisive. We also ordered a large regular fry to share and they were also prepared perfectly!Service = Also great! Our burgers came out within 10 minutes (if that), and we were checked on once during our meal. After we finished someone came by and cleared our table. That's pretty attentive service for a place without waiters.Atmosphere = The set-up is a little odd, the drink/condiment station is in the middle of the restaurant. All the tables are pretty close together so it really lacks any sort of privacy. Kind of feels like a big, bright cafeteria. They do have a big patio area which was empty, maybe if they have some heaters out there that'd be a nice option next time. And I noticed Burger 21 is dog-friendly!
3	The first visit to Burger 21 was fantastic. Top notch customer service and delicious, juicy burgers. We ordered the Black & Bleu and Tex-Mex Haystack burgers. The combination of rich bleu cheese and salty/smoky bacon on the Black & Bleu was awesome. Definitely a heavy burger though, a good one to split with someone. The Tex-Mex Haystack was the favorite of the night. The guacamole tasted fresh and the flavor combinations were spot on. We also tried both traditional and sweet potato fries. Both seasoned well and cooked perfectly. The shakes are hands-down the best in the area! A-mazing. We had the bananas foster and chocolate malted milk ball. These shakes are what dreams are made of! Delicious and not overly sweet with the flavors really carrying through. And there wasn't any artificiality to the flavors. The second visit was disappointing. This time we tried the traditional fries with the cheese & ale sauce. It came out quickly and it was delicious. The sauce was a great consistency, not too runny or heavy. Our order was slower to come out and when it did finally reach our table it was the wrong burger. The staff were quick to help but then we waited another 25 minutes for the right burger. At this point we had eaten all the fries and sauce and decided the burger was a lost cause. I went to the counter to get a refund for the burger, at which time a waitress brought over a to-go container which supposedly had our forgotten burger in it. The staff did go out of their way to make up for our disappointment. They gave us coupons for our next visit and voided our entire transaction for this visit while offering sincere apologies. To top the experience off, when we got home we found out the burger in the container was also wrong! lol. But our first experience with this place was so good and they were very genuine in their attempt to make up for this experience that we will be returning for a 3rd visit, at which time I'll write an update/follow-up review.
5	Wow! So good! Had the chicken parm burger and way better than expected ..going back soon to try other burgers! And the vanilla shake was amazing too.
5	They have the best chicken tenders in town. The fries both potato and sweet potato are excellent.
5	Very impressed with this creative restaurant! I had the Sonoma valley salad with grilled chicken and my brother had the monthly special, the turducken burger on a pretzel bun. Both were great. Service was excellent. I like the many different sauces to choose from. The fries left something to be desired, won't get those again, but I'll probably be back to get a cookie sundae.
5	love the place and cookies are the best
3	I'm so torn writing this review. This place has so much going for them. The location is great! It's next door to Paradise and other popular eateries. The decor is vibrant and inviting. It's like a modern day diner. You walk in and the girls take your order there. They have lots of recommendations for you and will answer lots of questions if you have. They are pretty patient. The menu offers many choices and unique options in my opinion. I do think it's a little pricey. For my son and I it usually runs us usually $20 and he eats off the kids menu. It takes about 7-10 mins to get your food. I have been here twice. The first time I got the bacon cheeseburger which they told me they cook the burgers medium well not medium. Well I ordered my burger medium and well honestly it came partially still mooing. The burger itself was great and full of flavor minus the mishap. I did order the gluten free bun and it was great. Also with side of half and half fries which I'll get back too. Second time I ordered the spicy shrimp burger. It was ok...tasty but ok. This time my bun crumbled in my hand. I think it was old. This my friends took away a star. Again another basket of half and half of fries and the same thing as the first time. They were so dry. Even with sauce bar it was dry as a dry wedding! I don't get it. For a burger joint French try's have to be on point! This took away my last star. So I wanted to love this place so bad. I'll try it again and we'll see!
2	Not allergy friendly although they appear to be. We went in on 11/25 at 5:30 pm (not busy) and selected the non gluten free menu. On the bottom of the menu it stated to let your server know if you have a food allergy. My child is allergic to dairy and eggs so I asked the server if their brioche had dairy or eggs. She smiled and said she thinks so. I asked her to check so she said she would ask her manager and left. She came back and said it does. I asked if there were any options without and she said no ,everything has dairy and eggs. Now that may very well be, but in my experience at most restaurants, usually the manager would come out or at least we we would be offered an allergen menu. Here, we were offered neither. Their gluten free menu and their allergen statement are useless without proper training.   Unless you are one of the rare people with a medical diagnosis of celiac, gluten is a sensitivity, not an allergy. In other words, your body won't try to kill you if you eat. It is a shame this place  is not a new option for our family. I will never be back, even without my daughter. I will stick with The Habit, it is easier to find parking anyway.
3	When I first walked in, it looked very modern and fun; the decor is nice. However my first impression was slightly misleading.   My brother asked how big the kids burger was. The lady told him it was about 6oz. I can assure you it was not 6oz, it was too small so he had to order an additional meal. The French fries are average, but I must say the sweet potato fries are pretty good. I ordered a Sonoma Valley salad with the addition of chicken for $2. The chicken was dry and they only gave a little bit of it. Not worth the $2. I give it 3 stars because they are still new, however, I don't think I will be returning any time soon.
5	Walked in before they were officially open and ended up getting a free meal! Got the burger they had on special for the month (forgot the name but it had a fried pickle in it) and it was delicious...and huge! Ops Manager came around and gave me a pumpkin pie shake as well. Will definitely be going back when I want a gourmet burger!
4	Delicious burgers that are full of flavor. We ordered the OMG & the Black & Blue burgers. We really liked the smoked bacon flavor. We also got a basket of sweet potato fries. They are too thin to really taste the flavor & they don't hold their heat well. The regular fries were fine. The sauce bar was super fun to experiment with!!Desert was a chocolate peanut butter shake. It was divine!! Just the right texture and mix of flavor. Yum!!
3	I had their sonoma salad with grilled chicken. It took forever for the food to come out. I was hoping that it was going to be an awesome salad, but it was average. Fired Pie in the same complex makes an awesome salad!
2	No attention to detail on the order assembly...messed up my friends burger the first trip here, forgot my friends fries on second trip and forgot my little girls milk on my first trip.  My Tuna burger was very good.  They just need to work on the expediting and order assembly quality control.I will try this place again and most likely add a star to my review if all goes well, because the burgers are quite good.
1	I didn't want to give a bad review but think it's needed. I went here few weeks ago on my lunch break. After waiting 40 minutes I informed the girl at the counter I now need it to go (lunch was almost over) no apology for how long it took. I then didn't have time to eat. I get cranky hungry! Not to mention it's pricey, Ecspecially when you need gluten-free. A lot of money to not eat. I decided to email the business to give them a heads up of the service (slow and not sorry). Figured a manager would care, nope. See why employees don't. No email apology or anything. Bummed, was excited for new gluten-free options.
4	I've been here on two different occasions. The first time, it was around lunch and not busy. The order took forever to come out, but it was very tasty. I had a Tex-Mex burger. The meat is so juicy and flavorful, I didn't even mind all the grease that oozes out when you bite into it. The second time around, the place was packed. We had to wait a bit before snagging a booth that was newly vacant. Luckily, the food came out quicker than the last trip. I had the Cheesy Bacon with a lettuce wrap instead of a bun. They forgot the bacon -__-  It was just the patty with cheese, I had to get my own condiments (Chipotle mayo is heaven). I also ordered a kids chicken tender meal for my toddler, but they forgot to bring his juice. He enjoyed his food nonetheless. Next time I go, I'm ordering a milkshake.
4	Pretty good burger.  I agree w/others that the regular fries are just 'okay' and the sweet potato fries are very good, especially with the toasted marshmellow sauce.  Our favorite sauce was the Ragin Cajun.  I had the BBQ burger (excellent, will get again), and my son had the bacon cheese sliders, he really liked them.
4	I wasn't very fond on the name and also yet another burger joint doesn't sound that appealing but I gave this place a try and it was worth it!The fires were delicious and the cheese burger was pretty tasteful as well. The service was OK but hey, it's a casual joint.The shake menu looks amazing but my belt couldn't afford such crime. I'll have to be really good with my diet in order to allow me to do it but sounds pretty tempting.Great addition to the neighborhood. Cheers
1	First visit to Burger 21. Ordered the Burger 101 and onion strings to go. The onion strings were so heavily coated with salt I could not even eat them. The burger was very salty as well and did not finish it. Very disappointed and will not return.
5	Great burgers cooked to perfection.  My husband and I split the mushroom burger and sweet potatoe fries.  Both were excellent and the service was superb!  They have really great ketchups - the thai ketchup was delicious.   Gourmet burgers with reasonable prices -  we will definitely return.  Nice to be able to sit outdoors.
3	The place is super modern and clean and the menu seems promising. Burgers and fries were separate so it was 14 bucks for a burger, fries and drink. Meh. Fries and burger are good but the burgers were incredibly greasy. It was just okay overall. I would suggest giving it a try though.
4	Decent. Nothing special to see here. I don't know if the TV menu was just not turned on or what, but it seemed kind of dumb to have you walk right up to the register as soon as you walk in not sure how to order.  The cashier just says grab a menu and look through it then order.  Mind you there was a TV behind her not even on. I assume that is normally the menu.  Now onto the food. The burger was above average. The fries were tasty. I tried the sweet potato fries and the regular ones. I liked both. I really enjoyed it. The presentation was great.  The price was a little high for what it actually is. Personally I would much rather go to In-n-out and pig out for more than half the price, forget the presentation.  My fiance had a shake and she said it was really good. Overall it was a decent experience. At least the food was good and came out quick. I am not sure if this place will last though.
3	Came here one day for lunch with a group of co-workers. Same mall as Fired Pie, Starbucks, Paradise Bakery, Panda Express, and Whole Foods so there's ample parking even if you have to walk a little. It's in the former space where there once was a Qdoba. We all ordered one at a time down the path that takes you from the cashier around to where the fountain drinks and sauces and napkins and utensils are. This area is a real cluster if you want either refills or you forgot to grab something the first time around because when it gets busy like when we were there, there's a whole caravan of folks to contend with coming straight at you from the cashier. You can either be polite and patient and wait for them to pass or just force your way in and quickly grab whatever you need. So we grabbed what we needed and waited for our orders. Menu offerings reminded me a bit of this place in Vegas called I Love Burgers - which was about as pricey as well. While we waited I tried a number of sauces in little cups while my co-workers watched and shook their heads - Thai Ketchup (meh), Apple Cider mayo (not bad), and Chipotle mayo (also not bad). I got the shrimp burger but had to first flag down the waitress who was running around from table to table asking if anyone ordered the shrimp burger - delivery system needs a little tweaking there. I also got the fries and a fountain drink. Shrimp burger was pretty decent. Wish I could say the same for the fries but I had a few and ended up giving the rest to my co-workers. So the burger, fries, and drink all together ran me about 15 bucks. We all agreed it was rather pricey for what you get. Considering this, I think it's safe to say it's highly unlikely we'll be back. When we yell out choices for lunch, this place never seems to come up.
3	Food was decent. However this is the most overpriced burger in town. $7.99 burger. Fries and drink brought total to $12.77 before tax. Plenty of other burger establishments where you get more value for same or better quality food.
2	I struggle with this review.  I have been to B21 a couple times for the turkey club - almost always a delicious burger unless the cook burns the crap out of one side and still serves it!  (That only happened one time though).  So I will say the food deserves 3 stars.  However, everytime I order this artisan burger the bun is a veritable hockey puck.  Inedible!!!   So, in the spirit of eating healthier I just toss the bun aside and eat the turkey patty (yum!)! The 2 stars are for the cleanliness of the place.  It's slow most times that I go and the bar with the drinks and sauces is disgusting.  Additionally, the floors are just as gross.  I agree with everyone - overpriced food.
2	I decided to give this place a review after my second visit.  New Years day, no one except employees were there and they still screwed it up.  I order the black and bleu burger for my second time.  This time they forgot to season the burger so it was pretty bland.  The bun appeared to be stale and cold as it was crumbling apart at the bottom making the burger messy to eat.The guy at the counter who kept sneezing in his hand and wiping it on his jeans rung my daughters order up wrong so it had to be remade.  I didn't bother telling them about my burger because I knew the kids could not sit still much longer.  What irked me the most (besides the sneezing counter guy) was when I was ordering the food for the kids, I was offered fruit, applesauce, fries or sweet potato fries as their side options.  I picked sweet potato fries for both.  I was not informed that there was an up charge.  I didn't realize it until I checked my receipt.  That ticks me off to no end.Bottom line, if you have a empty restaurant (and I mean empty) and a fully stocked up staff, nothing should go wrong.  This place is in a good area and the prices are high.  I probably won't return because I spent a good amount of money and got very little satisfaction.
1	I had been wanting to try Burger 21 since it opened and finally made my way over to the Chandler location on New Years. The store was empty and there was no one at the counter. All the workers were sitting down enjoying sodas chatting with friends. Totally unacceptable. I order two burgers and their chicken strips with a side of fries. I was not impressed. The brioche bun overpowers the meat the in both taste and size. The patty was very thin for it to be a $7 burger. The bun was cold even though the bum was supposedly toasted. Definitely better burger joints out there. This is probably the worst of the new burger restaurants/chain.
