4	This location looks to be brand new.  I went through the drive-thru as it was kind of late (didn't even look to see if the dining room was still open) but the girl on the other end of the intercom system was very nice and my order was displayed on the screen in detail.My only gripe is the wait... usually you can expect a pretty quick drive thru experience, but I had to wait a few minutes (seemed like hours since I was ridiculously hungry).The food was hot and fresh and hit the spot.  One thing to note if you are coming from I-77... this is a little far from the interstate.  Since it was dark, I just had to hope the taco bell was there and it was the "shining light" in the sea of darkness.... thank goodness.  I guess this area is still being developed so there are lots of gaps between civilization so it may seem like you are lost trying to get to here.
5	I don't normally rate fast food places, because really, aren't they all kinda the same.  But I was super impressed with them and feel they deserve a good word.  It is a hike if you're coming off the interstate (about 2 miles), but the location was new, fast, friendly, and damn near perfect.  It was also the freshest tasting Taco Bell food I've ever tasted, if that's possible.  If you have to do fast food, it's worth a stop.
5	I work down the road from this Taco Bell and have been here MANY times over the last few years.  Why many times?.....better than 99% of other Taco Bell locations I've been too. Service is almost always quick and friendly, the restaurant is kept clean, the food is good and it's cheap.  On a few occasions when they've been super busy the food was slow coming out but it wasn't due to the staff not working their tails off.....you can clearly see them working a few feet from the counter.  Would recommend checking this location out if you haven't already....bet you'll agree it's a cut above most other Bell's you've been to.
4	Been to too many T Bells to count in my life, but this one is a standout. The restaurant is new, and the design is modern, clean, and fresh. The employees were courteous and attentive. The food was fresh and satisfying. Loved the T Bell- themed paintings on the walls too!  Very impressive!
