5	this place rocks and absolutely has a girl on the go's idea in mind.  whisked in, got the full oil treatment. glad they didn't try to "coax" me into other optional services like ("show me my air filter once again ",i got your numbers boys and brought my own clean one in ahead of time and installed it on my car, so no playing me). that's their job to sell things, i understand, but i was treated after the fact as always  with the utmost respect, did my oil change in record time and i was on my way. man they were fast and really kind to a girl like me. ps the wonderful guys said anytime i needed a belt changed, to just show up and they'd do it no problems asked.  whohooo! what else could a girl ask for?
5	The other reviewer hit it on the nail.  This JL is extremely fast, friendly and does not up sell.  Can't beat the $10 coupon that I am regularly mailed either.  I always tip the guys that actually do the oil changes - below the floor.  They seem to sometimes not get tips like the ones who work up above.I've been to JL's in 7 states.  This one is the absolute best.
4	The first time I went there for an oil change, they stripped one of the parts and I didn't know till I went somewhere else for my next oil change. The manager made it right no questions asked and even paid for my oil change! I will definitely be going back!
4	I use this location because it's so close to home and usually is very quick.  There were 5 cars there when I drove up and I was out in less than 1/2 hour.  I think they have toned down the up sell Jiffy Lube was notorious for.  I'll be back.
5	Needed an oil change, and after reviewing my options decided to head to this Jiffy Lube. First time using a jiffy lube, I am so happy I did. My son and I waited about a half an hour, the price was 29.95 with the 10.00 off special, all my fluids were topped off, the customer service was awesome AND they vacuumed out my car!! For a Mom with two kids, this was a bonus LOL I am really happy I found somewhere I trust, and I will most definitely be back.
5	This is the 2nd time I have brought my 98 Nissan Quest to Jiffy Lube. I received five star service. I watched them as the cleaned and vacuumed my van and changed the oil in my vehicle in about 20 minutes. I also received a discount from a online coupon I showed them from a smart phone.
5	Needed an oil change and didn't want to go to my usual Chevy dealership 30 minutes away. I saw this place had good reviews and its only a minute from my apartment. I like the fact that they are open late during the week and also open on Sundays. Upon arrival on a Sunday afternoon, I was pleasantly surprised there was no wait and I was greeted by some very polite guys. Seriously, every single person I interacted with was so nice. One of the mechanics thoroughly went over everything with me about the procedures and different services they offer.They vacuumed my car out and also cleaned all the windows. They even reset my oil percentage without me asking! (A lot of places don't) I was in and out, 30 minutes.
3	REPOSTING THIS, GOT DROPPED PERHAPS BY THIS SITE'S REVIEW FILTER BECAUSE OF MY 1-STAR RATING? GAVE 3-STARS JUST SO THIS REVIEW IS GONNA STAY UP.(I believed others' reviews that's why I had my car serviced here. Unfortunately, I didn't have the same luck as them)I was supposed to give them 3 1/2-stars when I went there 2 weeks ago for my Passat's oil change. A mile away from my place, half an hour wait time (Wed or Thurs morning), slow wifi but pleasant staff, not pushy trying to offer extra services. But last Sunday, while driving on 215, I suddenly heard a loud dragging noise under the engine. Turned out, it's the plastic belly pan (sound deadener) covering the bottom part of the engine! The dowel pins may have not put back in properly that's why they popped out! Called VW dealer earlier, a belly pan costs $200 + tax (kit including pan and attachments, pins) no labor cost yet!!! To think VW dealer only charges $65 for synthetic oil change; cheaper than Jiffy Lube! I will never go back to Jiffy Lube! Costly mistake!
3	REPOSTING THIS, GOT DROPPED PERHAPS BY THIS SITE'S REVIEW FILTER BECAUSE OF MY ORIGINAL 1-STAR RATING? GAVE 3-STARS JUST SO THIS REVIEW IS GONNA STAY UP.(I believed others' reviews that's why I had my car serviced here. Unfortunately, I didn't have the same luck as them)I was supposed to give them 3 1/2-stars when I went there 2 weeks ago for my Passat's oil change. A mile away from my place, half an hour wait time (Wed or Thurs morning), slow wifi but pleasant staff, not pushy trying to offer extra services. But last Sunday, while driving on 215, I suddenly heard a loud dragging noise under the engine. Turned out, it's the plastic belly pan (sound deadener) covering the bottom part of the engine! The dowel pins may have not put back in properly that's why they popped out! Called VW dealer earlier, a belly pan costs $200 + tax (kit including pan and attachments, pins) no labor cost yet!!! To think VW dealer only charges $65 for synthetic oil change; cheaper than Jiffy Lube! I will never go back to Jiffy Lube! Costly mistake! (This review was posted on 06/4/2013)
4	REPOSTING THIS, GOT DROPPED PERHAPS BY THIS SITE'S REVIEW FILTER BECAUSE OF MY ORIGINAL 1-STAR RATING? GAVE 4-STARS JUST SO THIS REVIEW IS GONNA STAY UP.(I believed others' reviews that's why I had my car serviced here. Unfortunately, I didn't have the same luck as them)I was supposed to give them 3 1/2-stars when I went there 2 weeks ago for my Passat's oil change. A mile away from my place, half an hour wait time (Wed or Thurs morning), slow wifi but pleasant staff, not pushy trying to offer extra services. But last Sunday, while driving on 215, I suddenly heard a loud dragging noise under the engine. Turned out, it's the plastic belly pan (sound deadener) covering the bottom part of the engine! The dowel pins may have not put back in properly that's why they popped out! Called VW dealer earlier, a belly pan costs $200 + tax (kit including pan and attachments, pins) no labor cost yet!!! To think VW dealer only charges $65 for synthetic oil change; cheaper than Jiffy Lube! I will never go back to Jiffy Lube! Costly mistake! (This review was posted on 06/4/2013)
2	Kind of aggravated after my most recent experience here. Last time I went here I was told that it was okay they used conventional oil for the oil change because my car was fairly new. This time, the same guy tells me that Chevy states I must use synthetic oil.. which is double the price of what I paid previously. I should have asked him why he didn't state that last time.When he told me it was going to be $80.00, I should have said nevermind but stupidly I stayed and learned an expensive lesson. Arghh, I've never paid that much for a freaking oil change!!Also, I know they didn't check out my tires either because the right front tire pressure has been significantly lower than my other tires for a few weeks. Plus, all of the hubcaps were left loose. Looks like I will be finding a new place to take my car too from now on.
5	This place is so amazing! I used to go to Terrible's but I would be sitting in the lobby for over 30 minutes. This place gets you in and out under 30 minutes. They've always been super friendly. This is my regular spot for oil changes
1	Blah, gave this place chance after chance. One time left and no fluids had been topped off, went to an auto zone type spot and they confirmed and helped me put the fluids in once I purchased them. Next time they didn't put in any OIL!!! It's insane. They are always trying to up sell and the service is JUST NOT up to par. Shame on this place.
5	The price wasntbad for an oil change and new light. In addition, the Mechanics were very helpful. Each person I spoke with had good communication skills, seemed honest, not pushy. They seem like a good group of guys who take a genuine  interest ( not the forced, phony kind) in their customers.
1	I've been getting oil changes at Jiffy Lube for almost ten years. This location is by far the worst I've ever experienced. If the workers spent 1/2 as much time working as they did chatting and using their phones, it wouldn't take over an hour for a basic oil change. I was the only customer here the whole time, and now I understand why!  Well, there was another car that pulled in and they stopped working on my car for 15 minutes as they chatted and laughed with the other "customer."  They topped off some fluids and the driver slipped them a $20 and he left. Save yourself time and frustration and go to ANY other Jiffy Lube location.
4	I little pricy but quick and friendly service. Screw waiting 3 hours at the dealer. 15min and done!
1	Got my oil changed here. The next morning I had half a quart of fresh oil on my garage floor. Took it back in. They had snapped the head off the drain plug and are now taking a hammer and chisel to it to remove it. While smoking a cigarette.
2	Overcharged and overfilled.They insisted that my car required synthetic oil which I found out after was not the case.  They overfilled my car with oil resulting in my car leaking oil in the garage for many days in a row.  I am going to the dealer next time.
4	Oil change without the hassle. Went to Big O Tires next door with a coupon and was told they didn't have any oil. So tired of oil change places trying to scam me by telling me various work and upgrades are required. This Jiffy Lube changed the oil without the nonsense pitch and hassle. Will go back.
1	if you take in a coupon for an oil change and tire rotation, they will tell you its finished before rotating your tires; therefore, you have to tell them to jack it back up and honor their offer.  I actually asked the guy if he rotated the tires and he said "yes."  what a joke. I had the same problem at Just Brakes.  hard to find honesty even with large corporations like these.
4	I came here mid-morning on a Saturday for an oil change. I was expecting a long wait due to it being a Saturday, but I wasn't there for longer than 20 minutes. Oil was changed, interior was vacummed and I was on my way. I was told about a special for an A/C refresh that I will possibly take advantage of soon.
5	I love this Jiffy Lube! Such a clean and professional staff and store! I went there to get an oil change and my air was not working. I was under the impression that they did not do air conditioning service, but they do! They told me they would evacuate it and recharge it and if it did not work afterwards there would be no charge. It works really well now!  Thanks Jiffy Lube!
1	This is the second Jiffy Lube we've been at today trying to find something "jiffy" about this place. We tried this one after they said there was a 30 min wait with one car ahead of us. All we need is a top up because our oil is low even though the oil was changed within the past month. They said we still had to wait in line even though there are at least 3 guys working.The guy couldn't find our license plate in the system because he couldn't tell the difference between a New Mexico and Nevada license plate...then he said our oil level was at the top even though we had checked it at home and it was low...like we would come to wait here if we weren't sure our oil was low. So my husband had to show him how to properly check the oil. Seriously, they are not to sharpest tools in the shed. Plus, while we were waiting a client came in to complain about how his truck has been leaking since he had it serviced with them.
1	SCAM!  They put synthetic oil in my car when it doesn't need it (confirmed with the dealer) and charged me over $70 for the oil change.AVOID THIS PLACE for their unethical business practices.
5	Isaac wrote me up, very informative, not pushy! I needed a new air filter and I purchased it. Fast, Friendly, Amazing Service!! I'll be coming here when I'm in Vegas!!
5	Went for an oil change. Excellent service. I was in and out in about 10 minutes. Great location at the corner of Charleston and Lamb.
3	Its an oil change, not rocket biology. Guys are fast and pleasant. No real issue with service.My visit did remind me why I have avoided Jiffy Lube, the upsell to the $80 oil change!  By comparison, it runs about $50 at dealership, which is about what my out-the-door cost was here after opting down from the upsell. Although the staff and wait area are above average in "niceness", I hate the upsell and would probably avoid.  Not pushy, and one no was enough, but it makes me nuts. I'd feel like I'd have to coach my wife on what to ask for if she came in alone. I don't like that; that's the ONLY reason for the mark down.
5	We are on our way back to Los Angeles and thought it would be a smart idea to get an oil change before we left. We have a particular brand of oil we like to use, a few other oil change establishments would not allow us to bring our own. We called around and found this Jiffy Lube location. The employees here are all friendly and knowledgable and had no problem using the oil that we brought. Would def reccomend.
