1	This business gets no stars. Beware.  They state they get some of their products, in particular Talalay mattress toppers from Latex International. They don't. They sell an inferior product that has a very  strong chemical odor that does not go away.  The law tag that comes on the product with a "bamboo" cover ( not bamboo but 65% polyester 35% bamboo) clearly states the product comes from Utah and NOT from CT. (The only place Latex International manufactures and ships from). Another tag clearly states that the cover can be removed to wash using the zipper. There is no zipper. Customer service is non existent. They constantly change what they tell you. Even outright lie. Don't use their chat line. ( no record of what they tell you) make all conversations in the form of emails.
5	Approx two months ago we bought a 10" latex mattress Essence Firmness: soft http://www.brooklynbedding.com/10-inch-natural-latex-mattress  and we couldn't be happier! The person on the phone was competent and he was able to ship the mattress the same day we ordered on friday, so we received it on tuesday! (instead of wends). The mattress is very comfortable and we have no more backaches. Our son bought the same mattress approx 1 year ago and for him it is a bit too soft, but he says it was comfortable enough not to bother change it with a more firm one
4	First of all, the product is great - great quality but much cheaper than the best-known (expensive) brand.  And really good warranty.The only issue I have is that I got shipped a defective mattress - they agree it is defective.  BUT they would not send me a replacement w/o ME putting up the money for the replacement and only give me a credit once they have control of the defective mattress. So, I basically got stuck funding THREE mattresses (yes, I had bought another top of the line memory foam mattress).  Don't know about you, but that is not easily handled in my budget! And of course, the "sales" manager would not let me talk to the owner.I'm being kind and giving four stars.  The product would be five stars, but the service is anything but good.  Really feel ripped off.  Service would be one star.
1	After reading glowing reviews on the Mattress Underground, I decided to gamble on a 10" Bamboo. 2 topper exchanges later, I have a sagging mess on my hands even considering it is now fitted with their firmest topper. While the toppers are fairly reasonable to exchange, the foundation isn't and makes it cost prohibitive to do so. Rather than gambling $1000+, I would encourage people to source something locally. I don't doubt these are good intentioned people, but I can't promote a product that has a serious impression after 6 months of nightly use. I've given up on it completely.
5	This is long overdue, but we love our mattress. We have had it for some time now, but I don't get on Yelp as often as I would like which is why it took so long to write this. We also referred my mother in law who got a great deal and was very happy with her mattress.  The website makes it very easy to order and chat popped up right away (I didn't need it, but I saw it come right up when I just went on the site again.)
1	I too did my research on Mattress Underground and ended up buying the 12" bamboo bliss mattress with the exchangeable comfort layer because after all, we were buying a mattress online that we didn't have the opportunity to test out.  After an email with their sales manager, we settled on the level 3 firmness. When we got the mattress, we realized it was too soft (it hurt both my and my husband's back) and decided to exchange it for their firmest level.  Brooklyn Bedding initially charge you $300 to exchange, but then refund you $225 once they receive the initial comfort layers.Aside from the fact that their firmest level isn't very firm, the layers we received in exchange were damaged and dirty.  I took pictures and emailed the sales manager and was ignored.  Can't recommend them and I hope to warn others to stay away.
3	I'm updating the review based on follow up from Brooklyn Bedding.  I was contacted by the sales manager who sent us new comfort layers.  The new layers actually looked new!  They even came with a manufacturer's tag with the specs on it whereas the old layers had no such tag.  So, for that, I've updated my star rating accordingly.  I appreciate the follow up from the company but I'm still annoyed we had the issue in the first place.
3	Our mattress, which appears to no longer be offered, was the Aloe Adelle (3" of Latex, 3" of Memory Foam hybrid). We like our mattress, but the sales experience was a migraine. They sent us the wrong pillows, for example, and then told us the only way to get the correct pillows was at cost to us. That was resolved over 3 days of phone calls - over PILLOWS - and they found I was correct the entire time. For our mattress, the cover arrived and the zipper was lodged a solid 16 inches under the fabric. I tried coaxing it out for an hour, after which time my fingers were too raw and bloody to continue. My multiple calls to different contacts, including my salesman, to remedy the problem were never returned.It's an absolute crap shoot. I can tell you their customer service appears to be TERRIBLE, so if you end up with a defective mattress it's going to be terrible getting it resolved if they even resolve it. And after all that's the main point of anxiety for buying a mattress on the internet.When we finally got the mattress put together, we've found it resulted in a better nights sleep (thought hotter than a spring mattress, no matter what they tell you about Gel foam or whatever). At the end of the day I'd say it was worth it, but beware when we go to a hotel or parent's house overnight, spring mattresses result in pain. You get kind of spoiled.
