5	What a great place to takes the kids and very Cheap. They serve shaved ice.The staff is very friendly and have many flavors to choose from. It is cash only. They also offer authentic hawaiian treats. Nice and clean. Its is locally ran and owned. Also noticed on their Facebook page they did some charity work too. 7 people and the bill was like 15$. Never realized the difference between shaved ice and snow cones until now. Shaved ice is better for sure. I love the texture of it!
5	Authentic!  They don't have the ice cream (for the middle) yet, but they are working on it. Prices are extremely reasonable (they have large portions) and the syrups they use are all imported from Hawai'i. The owners are absolutely lovely and happy to help.
5	The owners make this place special!! The shaved ice is unique and delicious! Plus the future plans sound exciting can't wait!
5	They are the best!!!! lots of flavors great service!!!
5	pitaya bowl!!!!!!!! super delicious!! %100 authentic!!! and the staff/owners are great!!!!!
5	Love this place. My husband and I were in the mood for shaved ice and stopped here. Kevin was very nice and let us sample some of the most popular flavors. The prices are great for the amount of shaved ice you get. I love the free topping choices!
5	My family and I were in the mood for shaved ice and our water and ice spot was closed, we found this spot and we are hooked!!! The owner made us some samples and was super friendly, all of his flavors are from Hawaii and it is the best place to get a cold treat.  Give this place a try and see how great it is!!
5	I love this place SO much! They definitely got me hooked! The prices are super reasonable and affordable. When I went I got to sample many different flavors before choosing what I wanted. You get a TON of shaved ice for the price and ice cream on the bottom is only 50c more! This stuff is the real Hawaiian deal and I'll never go anywhere else!
5	Finally found some good stuff here .... the best in Arizona ....
5	Nothing like a snow cone. Soft and creamy and wonderful.  You must bring the family and try this great treat.
5	Short Version: Awesome. JUST like being in Hawaii. Got the Dragon Blood, Hawaiian Punch and POG with Sour Spray, Ice Cream on bottom and Extra Snow Cap. Long Version: I debated between 4 stars and 5 stars here because of the really long wait and The ONLY reason this didn't get 4 stars is because the owners are SUPER apologetic and accommodating. Granted, it was busy and there is only one person making the shave ice so it's understandable.This place is a testament to exactly what solid, friendly service will do for a business. Patrons won't turn pissy for a long wait as long as the owners/employees acknowledge that there is a long wait, apologize and are friendly. So often do we go to restaurants now where the staff is pretentious and make you feel like you're lucky to be there (See: My "The Mission" Review). My nephew got little samples from the owner and shave ice maker in between him making it for other people. It's the little thoughtful things like that that keep customers happy and loyal.You get to pick 3 flavors for your shave ice and optional additions are ice cream on the bottom and snow cap on top as well as a sour spray. The sour spray is pretty sour, so beware. We love sour so it was perfect. I love snow cap so I asked for extra. I wasn't disappointed. I just need to bring my own condensed milk next time.I'd come back in a heartbeat.
5	Best Hawaiian shave ice in the valley, Kevin(owner) is very nice and is passionate about the product that he provides. I highly recommend honeymoon flavor for the shave ice, and it is a MUST to have it with ice cream and the snowcap on top to finish!
5	I went to Kamana 'Wana for the first time today and it was an awesome experience! The owner was very friendly and passionate about the ice. It is the best shave ice I have ever had. Way better than Bahama Buck's. Also, the prices can't be beat. I will be back with my friends and family.
5	Love this place. We drove from the far west side to try it, was well worth the drive. This is a nice little shop. Clean and friendly. Love the dragon's blood and honeymoon flavors.
5	After searching for a cool treat on a hot day we stumbled upon this gem. The owner, Kevin, went above and beyond to give us multiple samples, explained his product (his passion) and made us feel so welcome. The syrups are like nothing I've ever had, so sweet and fruity. They don't burn the back of your throat like the cheap sugary syrups and they don't dry out and leave you scooping hard, unflavored ice into your mouth. I also had the sour spray and snow cap. Both were divine! If your like sour patch kids, you'll love the spray. The prices are just dirt cheap. I'd pay double. Seriously. $4 total for two giant Hawaiian shaved ices plus toppings?!! We added ice cream to the bottom for an extra $0.50. I will definitely be back for more shaved ice and to try the cold-pressed coffee!
1	I give their food a 5 and their service a 0. Went in with 3 friends to try out their shaved ice. At first the owner was very nice but soon he along with a woman who worked their made it very uncomfortable for my friends and I. My phone was very low on battery and I saw an outlet so I decided to charge it . The man working told me that if I wasn't ordering anything I had to pay him a dollar for charging my phone. I completely understood and unplugged it. On the other hand my friends (who bought two items) felt they could charge their phone since they purchased something. I mean he did said it was okay. A little over 2 minutes later a woman came out and kept looking at our table making it uncomfortable , we just felt very weird like we were doing something wrong . My friend went to the bathroom & the woman walked over took her chair away and look at the phone plugged in . There were 2 extra chairs but she took the one my friend was sitting on. When my friend returned she grabbed a nearby chair and the lady came over and said "were running low on chairs so use the chair on the other side of the table" & then proceeded to charge her a dollar for charging her phone, after they told her she could. All in all it was a an unwelcoming experience & we won't be back . It's sad since their shaved ice is so good.
5	I just love this neighborhood hawaiiAn ice place! Kevin the owner is fun and friendly and constantly joking with customerS and spreading joy! His shaved ice are fabulous and they have so many unique flavor options! I love the Li Hing Mui, flown in from Hawaii! The entire atmosphere is Hawaiian and beautifully painted! In fact the treats Kevin and his small crew make are authentic to Hawaii and Kevin has told the story of growing up with them, living in Hawaii. The overall experience is fun and your taste buds have experienced nothing like this sweet snow that melts in your mouth! Be sure to get the snow cap of sweetened condensed milk! Oh it is the cherry on top! Oh and they have coffee and pitaya bowls that look delicious! And on top of all these wonderful things, the prices are very reasonable! I love this place and will be back! Again and again!
5	What would I do without the trusty help of Yelp?Not being used to the weather of Phoenix, Arizona has driven me to find every cold dessert, smoothie or drink place to keep me from fainting in this dry, dessert heat. I am thrilled to have discovered Kamana' Wana which is an unassuming shaved ice shop in the corner of a little plaza that provides a sweet escape from the warm Phoenix sun.I decided to share a regular sized cup of shaved ice with a friend and chose the P.O.G., Mango and Red Raspberry flavors. We also decided to do the snow cap (sweetened, condensed milk) added to the top and a little sprinkle of Li Hing Mui powder on top.The shaved ice here is as good as it gets! Flavorful, fruity and not sickenly sweet syrups provide a refreshing addition to the fluffy, melt in your mouth shaved ice. The condensed milk adds a small level of creaminess and the Li Hing powder gives it a contrasting salty note to bring out even more sweetness from the syrup.There is a variety of flavors and you can choose up to three. There are also free add-ons like condensed milk, sour spray and Li Hing powder. They also carry Pitaya bowls here which I have yet to try, as well as coffee.The owner, Kevin was so kind, calm and radiated friendliness. He made each shaved ice cup with total care and made sure to talk to every single person. Because of this Kamana' Wana may have a bit of a wait as he is the sole worker here, but it is so worth it! For $3.50 you get a decent sized cup that you can share with another person without getting too tired of it and no tax, you pay what is advertised.Definitely will be back to try more flavors and of course the Pitaya bowl!
5	I've searched high and low all over Phoenix for *real* Hawaiian shave ice and I cannot count the number of times I've been disappointed by what amounted to snow cones. Now that I've found this place though I shall search no more!Delicious shave ice, tons of flavor options and great customer service to boot. I'll be back again and again!
5	The shaved ice is awesome!! the atmosphere is welcoming and the owners are very good to my kids!! they treat them like family!!! If you have never been in before I highly suggest you try the out!!! I recommend the Pitaya bowl is a must try!!! SUPER healthy!!
5	My first 5 star rating. Not enough words to describe this place. I've been looking for a shaved ice place since I moved to AZ from HAWAII. Glad I found this place. As authentic as you can get, Kevin brought all his talents from Oahu to this place. Plenty of flavors to choose from. He is nice enough to let you try samples if it's your first time. Atmosphere is as good as it gets besides actually being on north shore. Will gladly be back sooner than later.
5	My kids love this place. Too bad we live so far away. Sometimes we drive all across town just for a snow cone. Lucky for my kids this place is close to their pediatrician so they get a treat everytime they are sick. Prices are very reasonable and they really do have the best shaved ice.
5	Absolutely the best shaved ice I have ever tried! The owner, Kevin, recommended we have a scoop of vanilla ice cream under the shaved ice then top it off with creme. I had the berry plum flavor and my husband and son had the honeymoon flavor. This will now be our favorite place to go for a treat!!!
5	Wow! How have we been missing this place all of these years? We got the "tigers blood" with "snow capped" tasted amazing! The people were more than accommodating of our large group and even have us some samples since it was out first time! We will definitely be back for more! So many flavors to choose from! Great summer treat for the whole family!
5	This place is one of those hidden gems. I guarantee if you go there once, you will want to go there again. I have never liked snow cones and had never had true shave ice because of that. I am glad I read all of the Yelp reviews and decided to give this place a try. Our whole family had a wonderful experience trying flavors and finally deciding on our perfect choices. Lucky for us, many more flavors remain for us to try the next time. Kevin, the owner, is friendly and makes this place more than a mundane stop for a treat. We can't wait to go back.
5	Excellent place and highly recommend! Wonderful personal customer service! Super friendly and endless selections and flavors! You owe it to yourself to check this place out!
5	I like ice a lot owner is friendly and there's not a long wait time for your shaved ice. There's a ton of flavors to pick from as well !
3	The shaved ice was great! I got blue raspberry and bubble gum (yes, I'm basically a two year old) and it was a huge portion. However, lack of signage left me wandering around the neighborhood trying to find the location and, when I finally got there, the wait was tremendous (even though there was no one queued in front of me). Perhaps he was short handed, but it seemed to take forever to make the tasty treats.
5	My boyfriend and I are on vacation in Arizona and we found them on yelp. We enjoyed our shave ice, very authentic hawaiian shave ice and a variety of flavors. The owner is very personable. We would highly recommend to try them out.
5	The Strawberry Ice cream is delicious creamy and a real strawberry favor. A second favorite for me is the vanilla and theirs is just about the best and not over priced like some many of the other places in town. Friendly staff... I feel another ice cream attack now coming on.
5	This place has a nice atmosphere, and owner! The employee was super friendly. The pitaya bowl is amazing, and I can't wait to try other items!
5	I had the Honeymoon with ice cream and it was sooooooooo goooooooood.  I wanted to go back for more a few hours later.  The people working were very nice.  I don't know what is in the honeymoon (it was a secret), but it was so delicious.  I can not wait to go back to try the other flavors.  Luckily it is across the street from me and I wish i would have tried it three months ago.  I was missing out on the goodness.  My son had a smoothie and it was also very delicious and the color was beautiful.  I will for sure recommend it to all my family and friends.  LOVE IT!!!  Also the portion was gigantic.  my son and I both ate the regular.
5	The shaved ice was delicious and freshly made. The owner was super nice and let us try all the flavors we wanted, and YUMMMM with condensed milk on top!
5	I love supporting local businesses and this one my go to places when I'm jonesin for some great shave ice. They have tons of flavors. My favorite is strawberry and POG with vanilla ice cream underneath. We loved them so much we had them cater my nephew's birthday party and they did a fantastic job. They served out more shave ice than what we paid for, meaning we got some free shave ice. When I tipped them for their service they were super appreciative since they didn't expect one. I hope they never move from this location since they are literally a stone throw away from my house. I do wish they were open on Sundays though!
