2	***While cheaper than a lot of Vegas spots, I was not a big fan of this hot dog spot and I assume it is not up to the quality standards of the New York locations***Maybe Nathan's in New York is good, but Nathan's in Las Vegas (this one located in Bally's food court) is below average.  The hot dog wasn't nasty or anything like that, but I've had much better hot dogs.  It tasted like the kind of generic hot dog you would get at a run-of-the-mill baseball stadium.  Hot dogs are served with crinkle cut fries.It was relatively cheap though compared to other Las Vegas spots.
4	Went to Nathans to grab a midday snack and a break from the blackjack table.  Got the wing basket with fries.  Wings were super crispy, cooked well and the fries were good.  No sauce on the wings which is a huge plus for me.  And, I was able to sit in the sportsbook bar with a bucket of 5 beers for $20?  All was good in my world!
5	The food was amazing. It tasted great and fresh. It is so mouthwatering. mm!
3	Go Kobayashi style on their hot dogs. Not bad, but not great. Enough to keep you going while at the Ballys Sport Book.
5	$8.95 Best Breakfast in town if you are looking for quality not quantityChoice of Buttermilk Pancakes (the best), Belgium Waffle or Scrambled EggsApple Smoked Bacon or Great SausageHash Brown & ToastYou could eat this everyday, simple, clean hot and even to go if needed. Nice find!
3	I tend to walk through Bally's on my way home from work and I walk by Nathan's Famous and look upon it with disdain.It appears on the surface to be a typical crappy food court fast-food joint.I've tried the Sbarro(i think it's a Sbarro) next door and the food there is fuckin atrocious, so I went with Nathan's one day.I'm really not a hot dog kind of guy, so I went with the Double Cheeseburger and Crinkle-Cut Fries.The fries are pretty horrid.obviously frozen and not fresh.The true gem here was the cheeseburger.Greasy, succulent, and with a bun that isn't fancy or anything but it just works with the burger.I could probably go on a huge rant about how good this burger is, but I have a typing form of ADD.You'll just have to take my word for it.Also, there are some cute Latinas working the register there who are possibly jailbait.Be careful when flirting gentlemen.
2	Of alllll the amazing places to eat in Vegas, I don't know why I came here.  Maybe it was the drive over and my body being in starvation mode but I ate here with some friends and was unimpressed.  I mean, I knew not to expect too much but I mean, I had SOME standards right?  Don't you guys host the hot dog eating contest every year?!?  Gimme a little quality!I ordered a hot dog...duh...with chili and it was cool.  Standard hot dog size and the dog was good- hard to go wrong with mystery meat, ha!  Also got onion rings which were decent.  Friend also got crinkle fries which they loved but one of them got a salad and felt sick shortly after.My advise is to walk on over to Paris, where the two hotels connect and eat at one of the restaurants or creperies there.  It is slim pickins with Nathan's...and it doesn't look like it gets any better with Sbarro next door.
4	Nothing bad about the food. Quick service. Prices suck. Hate paying for a hot dog that is 10 dollars.. ugh.. Then again everything on the menu is about 10 and up..I am just one of those people that know you can buy a pack of Nathans beef hot dogs in the grocery store for 6 dollars. Pays to be cheap lol.
4	Located along the walkway to the monorail at Bally's. They have a nice breakfast special that is a bunch of food for $8.95 (eggs, pancakes, potatos, meat), so if your hungry then this is the place for you. Of course they also have hot dogs too but I ate none of that.I stopped here to get my salads to go. I loved that they were always made fresh for me. I was also able to get my croutons on the side. I hate soggy croutons on a salad. It was also only $3 bucks to add grilled chicken, which is not a bad deal. They even put that on the side per my request. I don't like wilting lettuce from hot items. I am really high maientence when it comes to my salads luckily there dressing came in tiny containers or we would have had another request.Quality of items were good and I was happy and my heart was happy with the healthy options. There can sometimes be a line here especially around lunch time or early for breakfast. They give out pagers so you can grab a table or just get out of the way and wait until your food is ready. The Bally's Sports book is over here, so you can watch a little sports while your food is being prepared but don't try to eat it there or you will get yelled at. It hasn't happened to me but I've seen others get yelled at.
3	This place is kind of a dump nestled in the basement of Bally's. I'm not going to hate on a Nathan's because I love their hot dogs. But for reals, if you are in a hurry and don't want to spend a lot and you just happen to be downstairs during your stay at Bally's, this is a joint that will hit the spot. The hot dogs and fries are served fresh off the grill and out of the fryer. Other than that, it has that grimy, loud, New York street corner feel. I recommend staying away from the salads. And that's all I have to say about that.
1	Sorry, this place stinks!!Paid $60. To take four starving teenagers to lunch, and then had to feed them again an hour later because they didn't finish the greasy gross mess from Nathan's.Where to start...Chili on the chili cheese fries was disgusting.  The crinkle cut fries were over cooked and just plain yucky.Cheeseburger bun was dry and flakey.Chicken strips were all breaking, no chicken.Hot dog?   Rather have Pinks :)
1	I have never had  Nathan's Famous hotdog before.  When I walked past this location after a long day at a conference I decided to give it a try.  I am from the Midwest and used to the Chicago style dogs so that is maybe why I didn't like this style.  The dog was the size of a highlighter, maybe even skinnier, they didn't have relish to put on it.  I went with jalapenos and onions to dress my dog.  The crinkle fries weren't anything special just the standard frozen crinkle fries.  The service wasn't the best at this location, food I didn't care for, the only positive thing was that they did have beer I could use to wash down the bland dog.
1	Warning. This is a franchise selling only 1/4 pound skinless dogs for 8 bucks each. No original skinless dogs sold. It is a nice food court but the dog tasted like something you buy at the airport except at higher prices. Bun was as stale as last years matzah.
4	The people who are complaining about this place need to realize something...this is a fast food hot dog place....in the basement of a casino.  It is what it is.  If you are looking for a quick meal this works.  It's a hot dog people.  I'm from Chicago and I love my Chicago style hot dogs, but Nathan's does a decent job with their dog too.  Don't come here expecting 5 star food.  Come here when you want a delicious, greasy meal.
1	Food was below average, service is slower than steam off cold dog poop. For a chicken Caesar Club salad and bacon and cheese fries it took over 21 minutes from the time I paid. Then they screwed up the order and we got just a basic chicken caesar and they didn't give us a fork with it. Will never go there again.
2	So if you want to actually find this place dont ask someone who works at bally's the first guy sent me to the opposite end of the property,what a knucklehead and sadly a testimony to the pathetic state of pride that workers once took in their surroundings,sad. Anyways,I finally made my way down to the joint. I ordered the chili cheese dog combo,for 20 bucks..lol only in vegas. What they served me looked like a hot dog for king kong,so i can see why it was more expensive. what i really wanted was a normal sized good old fashioned dog,not some massive steroid dog. The dog was not hot all the way through,big pet peeve of mine I would like to avoid food poisoning by having my food served cooked and hot,I know im so demanding haha. The cheese was like that cheese whiz they serve at 7-11..but worse lol. The chili was meh. The fries were actually pretty good i like the thicker cut steak fry type so these were not bad. Its funny I used to come down here when I was a kid,this whole area is really changed. Anyways i'm not going to go out of my way to return but if i happen to be in the hotel I might wander down for a standard dog.
1	I went to eat here thinking this was going to be fast service. I don't know how this place stays open.The food was okay but nothing like the Nathan's in Cony Island. It's the people working behind the counter that is really bad.They look as if they don't want to be working there. Poor attitude and the blank look on their faces when they serve you. They forgot my order and then said someone else took my order.
2	Hot dogs, fries, etc are good. Most of the staff just stands around even when a line is forming. Eventually someone takes the order, but often times they don't place the order and the food isn't made. Two people in our group waited 20-30 minutes and no food ever came out. After complaining, they made some excuses and refunded their money. This place needs better management and/or staff.
