5	How many libraries that you know of have a ceramics studio, a screen printing studio, a music hall, a gymnasium, a French and Indian War Museum, and a swimming pool?  Okay, the pool is drained and hasn't been in use for years--but they're hoping to convert it into a stage space.This library is the first Carnegie library.  Like much of Braddock, this building has seen better days, but things are starting to look up again.  The ceramics studio in the basement is fully functional, with classes for children and open studio sessions for adults.  You can rent the screen printing studio, or RSVP for a spot during Saturdays' open studios. The shop also recently received a letterpress printing machine.  I'm not sure if the music hall is always open, or if it's only open for special events and tours, but it is old-fashioned and gorgeous.  I think you can peek in at the drained swimming pool during regular library hours; it's on the ground floor near the bathrooms.The actual library stacks here seem quite small in comparison to other libraries, but the library is owned by a not-for-profit organization, and isn't part of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh system.  There's still a lot that can be done to improve this library, to help everyone really enjoy all of its features.  The five stars is for what this library can be in the future; what can I say, I'm an optimist when it comes to this building.Definitely worth a visit, especially when a special event opens up all the different parts of the building.
5	Beautiful theatre space and awesome staff.  Since they're tied into the Allegheny County Library Association, you also have access to every book in the county!This place is classy, like the kind of classy you only find in ancient European cities.  The building alone makes you drop your jaw in awe and appreciation.Love it. Use it.  Support it!
2	While the building that this library is housed in is beautiful, the selection in this library is horrible! Also, I understand that this is an old building so there is no air conditioning, but this makes it absolutely unbearable to stay in the building for longer than 10 minutes in the summer. I was dripping sweat after 5 minutes! There is no self checkout like at other Carnegie libraries, and when renting movies you have to wait for them to fill the empty cases at the desk with the discs from behind the desk. Also documentaries and Tv Shows are locked in a case, that you have to request at the desk. This is not that big of a deal, simply inconvenient.  I have only ever seen two librarians every time I have been here. One librarian (an older black woman) is super sweet, helpful and knowledgeable about books, movies and the history of the library. The other librarian (a younger white lady with curly black hair) has an attitude and does not want to interact with library patrons it seems. She was very rude to me and my two children and just seems very snobby to me, always with a sour look on her face, whereas the other woman is very quick with a smile. I live about 10 minute drive from this library, but I am going to start driving an extra 5-10 minutes and find another, nicer facility.
