5	This is a review for their location inside the Four Queens.It is in a small space on the second level, overlooking the casino. There are gaming machines at the bar and the bartender took good care of us while we were playing. My friend is a home brewer and he likes to try local micro brews when we travel. He likes the Triple 7 better, but I preferred Chicago Brew Co. Their All-Nighter was great and I ended up getting a growler of it to take back to my room.
5	Great wings, good pizza, and cheap beer. I don't think you could really go wrong if you came here. Also the waitress we had was really nice, we had a ton of leftovers and where about to leave them behind because we where going straight from the restaurant to a bar and didn't want to cart the food around so she offered to put them in a box and leave them for us back behind the counter and even if the place was closed by the tie we came back, she said we could still come in and get our food.
4	Stopped by for lunch.  Small bar food menu, but very good.  Had the Philly Steak Sandwich and an iced tea and hit the spot.  I love patronizing downtown businesses when I get the chance since I don't work too far away from there.  Have friends coming in next week staying at El Cortez so we'll probably have to hit this place in the evening when things are a little livelier.
4	So far, the best place I've been to in Las Vegas for craft beers in a brewpub.Lower original gravity=less taste, and most places are mailing in their versions of different styles on the lower end of the ranges. The beers here are more true to style, with more taste. I'll admit that I'm spoiled living in the Pacific NW, so the brewpubs in LV wouldn't last long there, but are still a major step above BMC beers.Chicago Brewing's amber is solid, their pale is solid, their IPA is good but not overpowering with bitterness. Had a great weizenbock seasonal here once too. Generally good beers.The pub overlooks the 4 Queens casino, and has a cigar case. Smoking and non smoking areas since they expanded.Very good service, very nice and friendly servers who take good care of you while there. The pizza is good, and the other food on the menu is better than average bar fare.Worth checking out if you want something more than Bud, Miller, or Heineken for beers while visiting Las Vegas.
5	This little gem is tucked away in the Four Queens Casino on Fremont Street in downtown Vegas. The Chicago-style deep dish is amazing....lots of sauce, sausage & pepperoni....holy crap it's awesome!They also have a very delicious (but small) selection of microbrewed beers that are very good as well! I cannot believe that, in all the times I've been to Vegas (my wife and I go a few times a year and always stay downtown) that I only experienced this place for the first time last week (NYE 2010). Prices are reasonable, service is friendly, highly recommend!
4	The previous reviews are very accurate. This is a solid place to eat. We had a greek salad, root beer, garlic cheese knots, a small white pizza and a deep dish (only choice was with peperoni and sausage so I did not eat that). Everything was good. We were seated right away and our food came out pretty fast. There was left over pizza and garlic knots and those were even better the next day reheated! Nice casual place to grab a bite to eat downtown.
5	This happens to be the coolest little spot on downtown. Tucked away in the corner of the Four Queens, you will find some of the tastiest beers on Fremont.Its got a typical pub food selection. Garlic Knots are a tasty. Anytime I bring people to see "Old Vegas" I slip them in here a little treat.
5	Great experience good food great beer the garlic knots are the best ... Kimmie was the best server we have had in years..
5	Pizza and beer. A match made in heaven. I've been hearing some great word of mouth about this place for ages and have been dying to try it. Finally, I got my chance. I ordered the white pizza and a hef. The garlicky goodness was so badass. I love when white pizza is done right. It's a hard trick, but they pull it off flawlessly. The beer is fantastic as well. I'm psyched to try their rootbeer on my next trip. It looked so refreshing, There are quite a few other menu items that caught my eye as well, so I look forward to my next visit there. It'll definitely be sooner than later. I'll have to add this to my regular rotation in town. Love it.
4	We had the white pizza and a glass of their homemade root beer.  The white pizza was delicious. We also had the potato skins, but they weren't anything special. I would definitely go back for the pizza. We stopped for lunch.  It's a small place with tvs to watch the game.
5	My husband and I always wanted to try Muffaletta sandwich since we saw it on TV show! and it was sooo good!We tried the sampler 9 flavor for only $8.99 three seasonal and five regular flavor. they were good and interesting..
5	Best food downtown--by a landslide!I came here twice while I was only in Vegas for three days!Why?   Really good service and VERY good, fresh food.The first time I was here, we had pizza.   The garlic knots are a must try, so a table of two could easily split an order of knots and a personal pizza and get plenty full.    SO good, I felt badly for not being able to finish my pizza!Then next morning I went there for brunch and had a club sandwich and fries with a bloody mary--hair of the dog.    (I hear great things about the beer, but just never got a chance to try it.  Next time.)     The sandwich was fresh and warm and the fries had kind of a batter on them that was just sooo addicting. The bloody mary was spicier than average.  I was proud of them for not being afraid to lay the hotness on thick.   Impressive.    Hangover cured.It's a place I couldn't get sick of, with something for everyone on the menu!
5	You can't beat this for the money. Great chicken fingers and pizza.
4	Great place to eat in old Vegas. The garlic knots are as everyone has said, superb. I also had a root beer which although could have been colder for my liking was very good. The personal Chicago style pizza was almost as good as Gino's East in Chicago which is the best pizza I have ever eaten. I could only mange to eat half and I can usually put away some pizza so if you have someone you could split it with I would suggest you try that first. I was surprised how small the place was considering the reviews I seen, and then to actually taste how good the food was I am surprised there is not a constant line out the casino door.
2	I picked this place based on the great ratings from Yelp, when my girlfriend and I got there it wasn't too busy but people began coming in. It didn't get really crowded. We both ordered root beers and she got a cheeseburger and I got a hamburger. It took quite some time to get our food after we ordered it, 25 minutes or so. The cook ended up bringing it out but by the time we got it our food was cold and our burgers were dried out. The table next to us with 3 people had arrived about 15 minutes after we did but got their food 2 minutes after we did. The root beer was not as good as they make it out to be. It tasted diet to me, almost watered down, not very flavorful and it had a weird aftertaste, if you skip alcohol I wouldn't recommend it. I think the food would have been better if it wasn't cold, the fries had a lot of potential. I wouldn't rule out going back because they were under staffed. It really sucked because the girl there was running her ass off but the guy helping her was draggin ass big time.
5	We visited June 18th. Of the 3 breweries I sampled in Vegas, Chicago Brewing had the best beer. The IPA was outstanding, not overly hoppy and lovely citrus overtones. I also thought the atmosphere and food was excellent to very good. I really enjoyed sitting in the cigar lounge overlooking the casino floor as hubby did a little gambling and I did a little drinking and people watching (no I don't smoke, but smoke smell was not overly offensive). We had an excellent pizza for dinner, husband enjoyed a root beer. Sure wished we would have ordered the garlic knots as suggested in the other reviews, especially regretted it when the table next door got an order...they smelled divine and I overheard them raving about them...but by then we were full and ready to move on. I would have given CBC 4 and a half stars if it were possible. Service was good and I wanted a beer w/ souvenir glass and they did not have them, so the guy tried to get me to buy some $15 glass, minor stuff.
1	I signed up for a yelp account JUST to save other people from going to this place. We had to go LOOK for a server to get his attention. The pizza here was awful, which means you're screwed because there's basically nothing else on the menu. This restaurant is also very tiny and.has limited seating and is far from the main drag. ...the two friends I was with also said their pizza was poor. One of them described their pizza crust as "tasting like charcoal." ...the beer was okay, except we went for dinner. Perhaps the other reviewers drank a little too much before posting their thoughts.
2	The largest turn off about this place was the service. We were stoked on a brewing co, however, after waiting 20 minutes we actually had to go up and ask for help. It's really small. We had the IPA- the beer was great but unfiltered. I ordered chicken tenders, they were burnt, but other than that they would prob be good. My boyfriend got the Philly cheesesteak he wasn't impressed. My aunt got the filet mignon sliders and loved it!
4	Great pizza and really great Garlic Knots. Big and garlicky, took some home. The beer is so good. Try sampler, every beer was great. They also make their own Rootbeer.
4	Their garlic cheese knots were to die for! LOVED them! They beers were just OK. Their homemade Root Beer was very tasty. The only bad things I would say about this place: my grandfather was in a wheelchair & due to it's 2nd floor location, it was tricky to get to - we had to go up the elevator & through another restaurant to get to it. Also there is limited seating. One side is smoking section & the other is non smoking both are very small. Visiting this place was definitely worth it for the Root Beer & the Cheese Knots. The pizza was just OK.
3	Located inside the Four Queens, the restaurant is easy to spot when entering. It is all self seating and a free for all in trying to find an empty table. This past Friday was slammed and I am not sure if Pride had anything to do with it. It could be that this restaurant is always jam packed. Anyways, our party of three found a spot near the bar and situated down. Normally the waitresses will bring the menu, but they were busy, so I snagged a couple. When our waitress appeared, she was quick to take our drink orders. The specialty beer right now is a Mango Hef. A pint goes for $4 and the larger one is $5. The menu is drastically smaller than the Rampart location, but they do have a few vegetarian friendly dishes. My friend and I ordered a Greek Salad and a Vegetarian Pizza. Our waitress was sweet enough to have the salad split for us with the dressing on the side. The amount that we each got was large. Too bad the dressing was mainly oil. Even after mixing it up, the oil was predominantly what ended up on the salad. The pizza was good. The crust was soggy in certain areas, but that tends to happen with a veggie pizza. The nice chunks of zucchini or squash, onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, and olives gave many different textures. The seasoning that they used on their crust was something we found ourselves wiping up.Because it was so busy, the staff were not too concern with putting away dishes in a quiet manner. We heard every clank and clunk as dishes were thrown into bus tubs. There were not any refills either or an attempt to check in on us.
4	This is a great little place to relax downtown. They make some of the best microbrews in Las Vegas, and have some great food to go with it. The Cheesy Garlic Knots, and the Deep Dish Pizzas are my favorites.
4	Good beer. Good pizza. Bears game on the screen. Nuff said.
2	Pizza, garlic knots and beers are all pretty good.  Assuming you can get a server.On my last trip, about 5 minutes after sitting down, a server dropped menus on our table without breaking stride and without saying a word.  Another 10 minutes passed and he didn't return, so... fuck it.  Lots of places to eat in Vegas.  The party at the next table had the same problem.Tiny place, so seating can be a challenge.
3	Escaped the pricey places on the strip and ventured downtown with the hubby.The beer is great. The Greek Salad is nothing special... mostly just a platter of lettuce with a few sliced tomatoes, olives, feta tossed on. Menu said it had cucumbers in it... but I couldn't find them. The dressing was fine. DH had the house salad and was fine with it. We shared the 9 inch Chicago 'style' pizza. Not truly a deep dish pizza... just a layer of cheese and pepperoni/sausage. It collapsed and ran cheese everywhere inside the screaming hot pan. It tasted pretty good. I just get a little annoyed when the menu description doesn't match the product. I'd go back for the beer and pizza knowing what I'm actually getting.
4	One thing of me being a social drinker is finding fantastic place to have me a cold one.  Where is a better place to go than an actual brewery.  I came to Chicago here at the 4 queens and even though I was in here for 30 minutes only I had one of the best dark stout beer ever.  Is call the Black Widow and I recommend this beer especially if your a dark beer drinker is delicious. tasty, amazing, orgasmic, and the best.  Oh yeah come on down and get freaky at Chicago.  I approve this message.
3	We were looking for a place to eat in the later part of the evening. We had the garlic knots and chicken wings. They hit the spot for late night snack, but I am not sure if I would come here for dinner. Don't get me wrong, I liked it but didn't love it.
4	Garlic Knots were good.  We tried based on prior yelp review.  Prices were actually decent for Vegas, but it's Fremont St so all the food is cheaper down there.  Waitress screwed up the order.  She didn't write it down so I was not confident she'd get it right... We both got burgers.  1/4 lb which is what I prefer.  The more toppings you put on it, the more it costs you.
2	Beer is pretty decent. Garlic knots tasted like wonderbread. Pizza crust tasted like chewing on charcoal.  Come here for drinks, but not to eat.
4	If you need a quick, cheap bite on Fremont this is the place. They have great beer, service and food. I had wings and a burger and both were delicious. My husband had a Philly cheese steak and said it was too salty for his taste though. Overall this was quick and easy for us to take a break from gambling. Also, I should note that there is a cigar bar of some sort attached to the restaurant. I was nervous about this at first, but we experienced no smell or smoke from that section.
4	Nice place, great food and Pizza. I will be going back. A great place to eat while at Fremont Street
4	Delicious pizza--- Absolutely! Oh and the crust is Vegan, and the veggies aren't soaked in butter or anything crazy so if you're vegan you can order a pizza w/out cheese and tons of veggies, and let me tell you, it's delicious.Beer- Pretty damn good!Service- Pretty awful. We waited foreverrrrr for our server, I'll give it to her that she was extremely nice about me be vegan (I feel like a pain in the ass, all the time) but there were three of us that would eye her while she was wandering around helping other people and she wouldn't even stop over to ask if we wanted something. It also took a long time to get our check. Over all it's definitely a good place to eat! watch out if you need to use the bathroom a lot, because there isn't one in the restaurant.
3	Only in Vegas does one have to walk through a poorly ventilated casino and into a little cigar bar to get a craft beer.We had a special deal in our Yelp Spring Break book for a $2.50 beer here which lured us in.  I went for a mango wheat (because wheat beer is pretty awesome and mangos are super awesome) only to find out they had switched it out for blueberry vanilla or some such thing.  Obviously better that your typical Bud Light/Heineken typically found in Vegas, but it tasted a bit like an air freshener.It really wouldn't be a bad place to hang if it weren't for the cigar bar aspect, but we could only really handle it for a few minutes before we took our beers to go and lost some money in the slot machines.
4	Great service. We sat at the rail and received excellent service from three different bartenders. They were all working in synchronized harmony making sure that we we're well taken care of.The Beer: we got the sampler which had 9 tastes for only $8! The IPA was almost perfect for me, floral flavors with lots of hops :) The seasonal was a vanilla blueberry heffeweizen, which was just so uniquely tasty. I thought it would be too sweet for me but it was a perfectly refreshing summer beer.The Food: the garlic chicken pizza was very flavorful and just the right size for yourself or for two if you shared it with a salad, which we did. The salad was just simple field greens with tomatoes and onions. It was just good enough.Overall I was just so happy to find good craft beer, brewed in Vegas. Everything else were great surprise bonuses. Can't wait to come back ;)
2	The cheesy bread was awesome.  The pizza was a mess.  Good beers, people at my table said.  The root beer was pretty fine.  But, when cheese and sauce is just falling everywhere, and when the attention to detail is not Lou Malnati's quality, I dock points on my ratings.
4	All I can say is that the deep dish pizza here is fantastic!  Super good garlic knots too.  Service is good.  It's located inside the Four Queens.  If you can't find it just ask one of the staff.  I was hungry and after I ate, I wasn't.  That is all.
4	We each had two beer samplers in cute mini mugs, fried calamari and shared the deep dish pizza. The beer was good, but very "middle of the road." It didn't seem like they took a lot of chances with the beer and just went with what would sell.The calamari was delicious, as was the deep dish pizza. It's only 9 inches, but it's more than enough for two people to share, especially after sampling a ton of beer!The real stand out for me was the root beer. It was AMAZING! The server even made me a mixed drink with root beer and vanilla vodka. Delicious!
4	Chicago style deepdish was great. I don't know how true to the original their pizza is as I have never been to Chicago, but I thought it tasted fantastic. What an unlikely place to find it too. The beer was quite nice. I have had quite a few IPAs and consider myself somewhat of an aficionado and theirs definitely stood out.  Deff
1	I got really bad food poisoning from here on Sunday March 4, 2012. I think it was from a salad. Avoid at all costs! Mediocre pizza too.
4	Best food I had in downtown! Most places who claim to have deep-dish Chicago pizza outside of the city usually fail, but this place has every right to make that claim. 5 of us ordered garlic knots (based on reviews!) and a personal pizza. The knots were perfectly greasy, buttery, and addicting. Us 3 ladies accidentally finished off the pizza while we chatted over Blue Moons and the guys gambled, so we had to order them another one. It was pretty close to what I remember from visiting Chicago, a deep dish with a firm, crispy crust and oozing with cheesy greatness. Very highly recommended if you're near Fremont Street.
4	Not a huge fan of chains/franchises, yet, While in vegas it was certainly difficult to escape them. This place was the best choice for our first evening in downtown vegas.Good Beers, good sandwiches and pizza.  Our server was great too, very friendly.Recommend the Reck's and the IPA.If you're in downtown vegas, and would like to try something other than the buffet, check this place out, it is inside the Four Queens Hotel (which is not specified on Urban Spoon).
3	Fantastic pizza and chicken wings.  Service can be spotty and the bar area can get really smokey with drunk tourists smoking cigars.  Still, it's darn good.
5	The downtown location is small but the beer is awesome.  When we went few weeks ago the seasonal beer was a blueberry vanilla wheat beer.  Man it was good!  My father-in-law had the sampler and all the beers were very tasty.  I REALLY enjoyed the hot wings and the deep dish pizza.  Will be back next time we are in Vegas.
2	The food here looked great.  After reading several great reviews we decided to head in.  Specifically to try the knots.  They are really delicious.  The biggest problem i had was the smell of smoke in the building.  I am pretty sensitive to second hand smoke and of all the casinos on Freemont, this is definitely the worst.  Yuck!
4	Good food uplifts this place to the 4th star frontier. Probably just average brews, but their huge double-decker brewery flight and comparison to other local options, it is definitely worth a visit.  This was the fourth LV based brewey I visited, and my second favorite (second to Triple 7)The double decker sampler tray comes with 9 samples:*  Weizenheimer - regular Hef*  Blueberry Hef - seasonal, different, but interesting flavor*  All Nighter - light Ale tasty and easy drinking*  Ramblin Reck Amber -yummy - my favorite*  Hardway IPA - solid at 6.2% ABV*  Black Widow Stout - not my fav. Too tart for a stout*  Root beer very good*  Black and Tan okay (mixture of the stout and All nighter)I enjoyed the happy hour prices on the appetizers which included a pretty yummy 3 burger filet mignon slider.
4	Chicago Brewing Company in the Four Queens Casino is like an express version of the Fort Apache location - seat yourself and pay at the front on your way out.  That said, they still take your order and deliver your food tableside.  It's quick, high-quality and reasonably priced for being in a downtown casino.  The 22oz drafts are $5.  My favorite brew is the Ramblin' Wreck which is a cross between a Smithwicks and a Guiness.  The large pizza is crisp, tastey, plenty for two people and starts  is about $16 for a cheese version.  This location doesn't have a happy hour.   They have lots of TVs so you can catch your favorite game.  The place is kind of small so you'll have difficulties with groups larger than about 6 people.The only place better for pizza downtown is the Grotto in Golden Nugget.  You will pay more at the Grotto unless you go during the weekday happy hour.
4	This review is only for beer and cigars at the Chicago Brewing Company.  We stopped in here a couple weeks ago and sat at the bar.  The bartender was super friendly and helpful.  I had the beer sampler (see pic) and all the beers were delicious.  Each one seemed to accurately represent that particular style of brewing.  My favorites were the Ramblin Reck Amber Ale, the Old Town Brown and the IPA.  I also smoked a great cigar at the bar.  The food coming out of the kitchen looked great and next time I'll definitely eat.  The beer was really outstanding and so was the service.  Chicago Brewing Company is located on the second floor of Four Queens.  I've been in the casino many times and never seen the restaurant until the day we went there.  The ambiance is typical neighborhood bar...very comfortable and casual.  I'll be back at here every time I'm in the downtown area.  Beer-5 stars, Service-4 stars, Ambiance-3 stars, Value-5 stars, Food-no rating.
2	Good food, not great. They mean SMALL when ordering a small salad. Couldn't have been more than two lettuce leaves ripped up on a small saucer. Garlic knots were yummy :-)
4	Thank you Yelp for this great little surprise find. My wife randomly saw a brewery mentioned on Yelp while we were wandering around Fremont and given that we were in the early stages of a challenge to try 100 new beers while on our US holiday, we dropped all other plans and headed straight here.Chicago Brewing Co is tucked away at the back of the casino floor and if we weren't looking for it we would have completely missed it. We headed up the stairs and grabbed a table overlooking the floor for a spot of people watching and upon seeing they had a beer flight we promptly ordered one each. At first we wanted to order our drinks at the bar, but the bartender told us he was finishing his shift now and would send someone over to our table. He then proceeded to stand around talking for five minutes and playing around with his phone behind the bar before someone came to take our drinks order. They were taken by a very friendly waitress however and once ordered, the drinks came out very quickly.The flight is huge. 9 beers (well..8 and a non alcoholic, but nonetheless tasty Root Beer) on a double decker tray made me very happy and glad the the car was staying put in the parking garage for another day. Now, it was a couple of months and a lot of drinks ago when we ordered here so I'll just pop in how I rated each beer on Untappd, because I really can't remember much of them.All Nighter: 3/5Weizenheimer: 4/5Ramblin Reck: 3/5Blueberry Vanilla Wheat: 3/5Hardway IPA: 4/5Old Town Brown: 4/5Black and Tan: 4/5Black Widow Stout: 4/5I like my beers dark, so they were either really good to get that many 4's at the end or I was just getting drunk. Either way they were tasty and definitely worth stopping in for a try. Oh, and hit the toilets before you get into the bar. There aren't any inside and you have to walk all the way back across the casino floor to get to the closest ones.
4	After a few trips, a solid personal pizza with great sauce.  Decent selection of sandwiches.  Tasty craft brew, try the amber.  Cigar after food, excellent. Big screen TVs for games, multiple locations so you're not struggling.  Don't go to Fremont Street if you're looking for good service people.  "'Cause this shit is REAL".  If the place is busy, it may be slow.  Forgive a little and enjoy the ride.
5	A hidden gem! The rambling wreck is the best beer in Vegas. I got the giant souvenir glass, which is an alcoholic's wet dream. Thin crust pizza was very tasty. Only complaint, for a cigar friendly bar, the ventilation was bad on the couches. Will be back next time, won't waste any more time at triple 7, this is the real deal!
5	This place is a gem and one of my favorites every time I visit Vegas.  The staff is always awesome, the food is great (amazing for the price) and the beers are decent.  (I would say in past years the brew was a little better than this trip, but still tasty enough.)  They've added a non-smoking section so if you don't like cigar smoke with your food, it's no longer an issue. Did I mention that the staff is awesome?  Hard to describe, but the whole vibe of the place is great.
4	It is located in the 4 Queens Casino and HotelIt's a sports bar with beer, tv's and has fantastic appetizers.They have the tastiest barbeque chicken tenders, awesome filet mignion sliders, and great chicken wings.  We enjoyed the tenders so much that we went back the next day and had 2 orders of them.  All the appetizers are 10.00 and under.We never tried any salads or sandwiches.  They have friendly staff as well.
5	The beers are great! So are the sliders and garlic knots. My husband and I stopped in for lunch. The staff is super friendly also.
4	Tasty Beers ina nice intimate atmosphere CHECK! AWESOME PIZZA, CHECK! GARLIC KNOTS TO DIE FOR, CHECK!!!!! The IPA here is one of the best in Vegas, it is well balanced with a wonderful hop aroma, and a nice hoppy finish!! The Heffe is also a very nice true to style Bavarian Heffe with hints of bubblegum and clove, and that twinge of banana in the finish.I prefer the thin crust pie with buffalo Mozz on it, delicious!!! This is a sattelite location, and no brewing is done on site, but if you are down on fremont, and looking for a tasty adult Beverage, and some good greasy grub, this is your kind of place MERICA!!!
4	A decent micro brewery in the midst of one of my favorite casinos.  I've been here several times and played video poker while enjoying my huge brew. Service has always been kind and helpful.  On my latest trip I ordered the steak sliders. They were good.  Food here is pretty cheap for Vegas pricing and drinks are 'free' when gambling.  Whenever I'm on Fremont Street, I always visit the Chicago Brewery.
3	Excellent beer menu and beer flights. Still allows cigars in the bar. I had the muffaletta they have the meats right but the bu and olive spread are not really well suited for a muffaletta sandwich. They would be better off calling it an Italian sandwich. The fries were awesome and the service was excellent.
1	As much as I love the pizza and the brew here, today the bar staff failed sorely at holding thier shift together.  We were super-happy to settle in to a bar seat and order the brown ale and chicago pizza.  17 minutes later, we still had no beer or water.  I know the pizza takes time and we were prepared for that. However, we watched the bar staff have internal drama while our hydration needs were overlooked.  Extremely poor form on the barstaffs' behalf. Enough to make my man want to walk out.  I had to support him.  As we walked away,  we got a 'thank you' from one of the bartenders who never made eye contact when we were looking for service, serveral minutes after the bartender who took our order---and never fullfilled it--stormed off into a back room.
1	Normally i have an okay time here. My last visit wasnt even okay. I didnt even get a chance to eat here and had to leave due to the terrible service. We took a seat at the bar and ordered the deep dish pizza we were craving all diggity day long and a brown ale, along with a couple waters. Then we watched the bartenders behind the bar have internal drama and not even look in our direction as we waited.....and waited........annnnnnd waited. Neither the bar nor the dining area was busy or even half full and i sat for 17 minutes without even the orders for the waters go fulfilled. At that point i had seen enough and had to walk out before the food and drinks even arrived. I hated to do it but i could not support the staff and business where that could happen. The bottom line is that it was a bad experience but the food i have had here in the past has always been solid, the beer is surprisingly good and priced very well.
4	Stopped in here because La Comida closed earlier then they advertise (boo). I wasn't really in the mood for pizza, but hot damn, this was really good! I was really surprised to see a line forming outside of that other 24/7 place inside 4 Queens. I have eaten their before, just typical late night menu. But anyhow, went in to the Chicago Brewery and ordered the white pizza and their lightest IPA. The place was dead, which shocked me cause the food was so gooood! Delicious and super cheap! They are open until 1:30am every night and since I am a night owl, I will be back!
4	Some of the best beer you will get in Vegas. I love the Old Town Brown and the Weizenheimer. The garlic knots are excellent and they are incredibly cheap at happy hour.  The deep dish pizza is good but I don't think it's great. It pretty much falls completely apart when you try to get a slice. The bartenders are always cool friendly people but be warned, you may be waiting a long time for a beer. The service is always very slow despite the friendly staff.  You could be the only person in the entire bar and still be waiting with an empty glass. That's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. A great pregame spot when you want to hang out downtown.
5	These guys are the shit! They serve amazing food and drinks, they're extremely friendly, quick and efficient. This place is a must.
5	Awesome Hefeweizen! Great food and the best bartenders around!We always stop by when we're in town!
5	This was my first time at this locations and it exceeded my expectations.I took my parents here. It was their first time in Vegas.When we told the server we were celebrating and ordered a scotch, he brought me more than a double. Food and drinks came out quickly. Everything was perfect. I could hardly tell that I was downtown and not at the Summerlin location.It made me look good for choosing such a fantastic restaurant to celebrate with my parents.
4	Great food!!!! garlic knots are great!
1	Waited 5 minutes at a table for service, another 5 minutes at the bar before ordering a flight of beer, and waited ten more minutes for it to be made. It wasn't the servers/bartenders fault though. Management decided to have him bartend/serve/run food/and apparently manage the whole place for lunch on a Thursday. Apparently they have 2 chefs to stand around in the kitchen though. The beer was good but come on. ... This placeis located in a casino, wtf?
5	Been here three of four times now. excellent beer, nice little place, sit smoke a cigar, get away from the slots for a time. I'd definitely go here again. Oh and Ask for Kimmie.
5	I come here with my hubby every year for fb play-offs same spot, same bartender, same delicious bbq pizza.  The smoke that accumulates can be a concern for you sensitive folk. The blueberry vanilla hefenweizen goes down smooth and the homemade root beer is yummy! The stout, red & IPA brews are spot on. If sports are on come early and grab a spot, great location to just chill and watch the game. I've been here 5 years in a row and I love Kimmy's blunt attitude.  If you're picky she'll walk right past ya. Keep it simple and she'll treat ya right! Go Chargers!
4	This very casual sportsbar/brewery is right off the Casino Way entrance to the 4 Queens on the Fremont St Experience thoroughfare. And, for an unassuming place in a dated casino in downtown LV, I gotta say I was impressed!I will fully admit the pizza was an afterthought after I saw the Tower of Beer sampler they offered for $8.99! The 9 different beers were surprisingly good. 8 are their regular brews w/the other one being their house-made root beer, which is delicious!They offer Chicago deep dish pizza, but I had a thin crust that was my own concoction and it was decent. I've had better and I've definitely had worse.The other delicious surprise were the garlic knots. Nom! Even the marinara dipping sauce was good, and I am usually not a fan!The service was good as well. Initially our waitress was a lil brusk, but she was competent and that is what matters. She did warm up in the end. The guy waiter was a hoot and was rocking a great t-shirt that said "&!?$ Milk, Drink Beer!"   So come for the beer and stay for the food and enjoy the Fremont St experience.
3	Drinks & appetizers review only Decent beer.  The pours are extremely nice here.  You can buy a pitcher of IPA for $20, or a 32 Oz for $13.  We got the pitcher.The IPA is decent.  It's really a standard IPA.  No complaints about it.  I'd say it's on par w/ BJ's Brewery.TIPS:-Located in the "4-Queens" Casino in Fremont area-Inside is pretty old T-There are lots of TV's inside
5	When you spend a large amount of time in the same area on a 5-day vacation, you inevitable find a spot or two that you become extremely comfortable with ... a place that becomes a home away from home. On my recent vacation in Vegas, one of those spots was the intimate and welcoming Chicago Brewing Company at the Four Queens. I visited them three times on my vacation, each time being served by Bob (the gentleman in Leila R's picture) I also ran into Bob once at the nearby Banger Brewing and had a great chat with him - it's always great when brewpubs employ people who have a true passion and knowledge for beer. Bob overheard me mention that I was running out of clothes due to my flight being delayed because of the nasty east coast weather, and when I went back for my final visit to Chicago Brewing the next day, Bob gave me an older 2XL t-shirt that they don't print anymore. (Thanks Bob!) Needless to say, the service here was outstanding.Chicago Brewing's beer sampler is an outstanding deal - 9 different samples for $8.99. I enjoyed it so much, I got one each time that I went. They keep six year-around brews, plus root beer (which is included on the sampler) and typically have two seasonals. Unfortunately they only had one seasonal - an outstanding blueberry wheat brew - so the final beer was a different brew mix each time. It started with a traditional black and tan, the next was a mix of the Hefeweizen and IPA, and my last mix was 1/2 brown ale, 1/2 stout. All of their beers are great, but the blueberry wheat was my favorite. I also really liked their Hardway IPA - it had a nice hoppy flavor but not overpowering with hops. At 6.2%, it's like a "Session IPA+" The Black Widow Stout, an Irish Dry Stout, and the Weizenheimer Bavarian-style Hefeweizen also stood out for me. And their root beer is a great palette cleanser for the finish. My first visit was for the beer, but I was eyeing the food menu ... and the wonderful looking Chicago Deep Dish Pizza they were serving. So I made a second trip back specifically to get one of these bad boys. It's a personal 9" deep dish with sausage and pepperoni. The dough was great, cooked perfectly through, and it wasn't overly saucy as some deep dish pizzas are. I'd definitely get this again. On my last visit, I had no intention of eating ... until I heard it was half-price appetizers for happy hour daily. One thing caught my eye - filet mignon sliders. Topped with mushrooms and onions, and served with a side of au jus, these are like little French Dip sliders of pure awesomeness. My expectations for Chicago Brewing Company were low to be honest. I guess it's the location inside the older (but charming) Four Queens and its old-school, dimly-lit bar vibe. But those expectations were blown away. This is one of my favorite places in Downtown Vegas, and I'll be coming back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	My beer was amazing!!!! The taste was great!!! The atmosphere was fun!!! We had a group of 15 and they were very accommodating!! We love pizza so it was really gonna challenge us to go outside our own pizza box!!! We would have loved to get a big deep dish pizza but they only serve it in 9"!! Kind of a downfall:( we ordered a large meat pizza, thin crust!! Let me tell you it was superb!!! Sauce was just right, the amount of cheese was perfect!!!! And the wait staff was excellent!!! Definitely two thumbs up!!!!!!
4	in my opinion, pizza & beer is kinda hard to mess up, but this place is really, really good.  i'm  a fan of Chicago's Lou Malnatis and this place is almost as good.  if you can't fly to Chicago for pizza, then definitely enjoy the pizza here.
2	Not really a true brewery... It's a small room inside the 4 Queens. The "brewery" is offsite 7 miles away. As a home brewer the beers were nothing I couldn't make at home myself... Maybe I should talk to 4 Queens and I could get a brewery! LOLUnless you just want to check another "brewery" off your list... Not really worth checking out.
5	Get off the beaten path and try this place out!  Great food, great service and reasonable prices.  A must to try is the blackened chicken quesadilla.
5	We ALWAYS eat here when hitting up Freemont St and now our nephew/younger cousins hit it up as well. The garlic knots are great and even with 5 of us (4 being big time guy eaters!) we can get by with sharing the knots and 2 large pizzas! Where else can you feed 5 and get a few pitchers for under $100! Definitely a hidden gem tucked up in the corner of Four Queens!
4	I've eaten here twice since arriving on Las Vegas and both meals have been great, accompanied by superior service from Kierra and Bob. The IPA is insane and the foods has been yummy. I'll be back next trip If not before.
5	Traveled here from Honolulu, Hi, Bob was so great to us. He has great customer service and made us feel right at home. Bob went above and beyond with our experience and we will be back just to experience his wonderful guest experience. Thank you Bob! Much mahalo!
5	Amazing bartenders and incredible happy hour with some great microbrews.  Love the All-nighter and all their crafted brews.Great place to catch a game, and awesome setup to kick it with friends.
4	Like the place. Great prices, Not too expensive. Good food for a bar
4	3.5 rounded to 4 for very good serviceDropped by here to use some comp dollars and try some food / beer.  I was curious what it would be like after the mixed reviews.Sat in the non-bar room after noticing someone smoking in the main room...it's amazing to me that smoking is still allowed in restaurants here in Vegas?  Blah.There are TVs all around so it's a nice place to catch the game :)Anyways we tried a small thin crust with pepperoni and jalapeno and the garlic knots and 2 hefeweisen's and the bill was around $26 without tip.  The garlic knots were a lot of food for $5.  The pizza is on the smaller side but decent.  The beers were average, nothing spectacular but not bad.Mike our server from Maryland was very nice and quick to help us out.  When we sat down someone actually came out from the kitchen right away and asked if we wanted menus.  Maybe the service is bad when it's more busy but the other night it was great.I'll come back here.
1	Poor service waited for over 10 minutes for service at bar and left after two girls walked in and got service right away. Place stinks like old nasty cigars. Decided to go back and thank both waiters for their poor Customer  service. They said they were busy yea right until two girls walked in and they got un busy. Love pizza I like to drop by every couple of weeks. They did reduce price of pizza but did not cover the poor service. I tip good for good service and complain about poor service. Tonight the service SUCKED.
4	Great beer, good appetizers, and fair to middling' meals. Pizza looked great. I would definitely come back, but be selective with the menu. And order the beer sampler!
5	I've been to Chicago and had pizza, and I've been to a lot of restaurants that advertise Chicago-style pizza. With the exception of one restaurant, that being Chicago Brewing Company in the Four Queens Hotel & Casino, not one of them has actually lived up to the claim of having real Chicago-style pizza.Fortunately, this is that restaurant, so this is a positive review! They apparently have another location across town, but this is the one I've dined in. Several times, in fact.The restaurant occupies a little nook in the corner of the Four Queens, and though the prices aren't super-cheap (though you can go across the street to one of the sports bars if dollar-fifty hot dogs are your thing), they're quite fair, and the garlic knots include a surprising amount of sustenance for the price. The beers are apparently brewed at the other location, but they're still local, and they're still delicious. So I recommend them highly.Get the sampler flight. It's not only eye-catching to have a bunch of wee mugs artfully presented on a two-tiered tray, it's a great way of finding out which of the beers you think you'll like are what you really want to drink, and which beers you weren't sure if you'd like at all are actually a lot better than you'd expected. That's how I found their fruity wheat beer (I think it may have been blueberry), and how we decided what to bring home in a growler.For the pizza? Get it. It's as close as I've ever found to being real Chicago-style pizza, like I've said before. Reviewers of the other location that are *from Chicago* concur. Maybe it's just not entirely possible to make Chicago-style pizza anywhere but Chicago, but these guys come close and it's delicious to boot. They may have other offerings on the menu, but I never bothered to try because I was so happy to find real Chicago-style pizza.I feel I've probably not said Chicago-style pizza enough times. Chicago-style pizza. Chicago-style pizza. Chicago-style pizza. There we go.Anyway, if you like what I keep talking about, then go here. If you've never had Chicago-style pizza (in Chicago or anywhere else), try it here if you're in Vegas. Definitely worth the stop.
5	Loved it! Microbrews, bbq wings, patriots football. Forgot i was in vegas. Staff was fast, cigar bar ain addition. pretty cool lil place.
2	Love Kimmie and most of the bartenders here; the beers and food are very good, but the bartender with Kimmie on Xmas sucked.  20 minutes to get a menu and after an hour not even a look.  Had bad service from her before but played it off.  The gentlemen next to me were not even playing full quarters and got served several times.  Will go back but not if she is their!!!!!
5	After two full days at bbq competition in the freezing cold weather, we just wanted a nice cozy place to rest our feet and we found it here.  Nestled in the back of The Four Queens, where we were staying, we found beer and pizza...what a great combination.  And this wasn't just any pizza, this was Chicago-style thin crust, my favorite! The pizza and garlic knots were both delicious! I also ordered a sampler flight of beer, which came with eight different beers and a sample of their root beer as well.  I was definitely impressed as was the rest of my party.  I'll definitely return next time I'm in town!
