5	Such a cute local boutique...very trendy and reasonable priced. Also, willing to help you pull an outfit together. Thanks Kim!
5	If you like to shop from someone that has excellent customer service and buys local, then Clothes Minded is the store for you.  I love the fact that you can choose from such a unique selection of clothes too.  I Love it.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear their clothes or jewelry.   Lorraine Tornga
5	I LOVE this place!! The owner buys many of their items locally and is very involved in her community. Every time I go into the store, there is something new to look at! There is always a huge selection for all of the needs too!!The thing I love most about this store is that the products are top notch quality!!I bought a necklace there that I wear pretty much every day a while ago, and it still looks as new as the day I purchased it!!The customer service of the store is also excellent! I love how every time I go there, I feel like a VIP!!I would defiantly suggest this store to anyone who wants top quality service and products =)
5	I go into Clothes Minded at least every couple of weeks to see what's new... the styles are right on trend, the jewelry is amazing & one of a kind, the clothes are great for dressy and casual and the shop is adorable.  Plus Kim the owner is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet - and she gives great style advice!!
5	A great local shopping boutique!! For Christmas my husband bought me a belt I had been coveting for a long time. After giving me the gift, he told me about what great customer service he received. In addition to the awesome belt, he picked out a very cute bracelet that is unique and fun. So happy to have such a great store in our neighborhood.
5	My favorite boutique in the east valley! I love the fact that this store carries a lot of local designers and is very supportive and involved in the community. The store carries a good selection of items that are affordable but not cheap. Customer service can't be beat. The owner herself spent time with me helping me put together outfits and I thought that was awesome! I always feel like a VIP shopping here! I am definitely a fan and will return. Stop here first before you hit the mall. Support local. You won't be disappointed!
5	Kim is the absolute best!  Never met a store owner who made a shopping experience so personal. She cares about her customers and providing them with the most up to date styles and stays trendy. It's a great place for  a mother/daughter shopping day too. Kim is a huge supporter of other local businesses and is also a part of anything where she can help encourage other owners.
5	I love this store! They have cute clothes for all occasions for women. I love the events they throw too. Kim, the owner, is great at giving fashion advice. Highly recommended, stop by and check out what they have :)
