3	The Blue Rainbow Apartments is an ok establishment when comparing it to other four star hotels in the UK area.  I stayed there in a 2 room suite for 4 days and the floors were rather squeaky and the amenities were outdated from the kitchen, bathroom, and the living/dining room area.  The internet connection was awful.  What I did enjoy about the Blue Rainbow is the location as it was walking distance to all the mall, train station, and the Royal Mile.  For what I paid I would research other establishments before re-booking.   The view into the courtyard was nice.  Overall I did feel like I was staying at a friends apartment/flat in the UK but gain it did not justify the four star rating it claims.
3	This hotel is situated in a great location, just down from Harvey Nichols, and opposite the National Portrait Gallery. It took us no time at all to get there from Waverley Station.My partner and I were staying here on a pre Christmas getaway, and we chose an aparthotel so we could do festive things like make minced pies, and cook meals etc. When we arrived the hotel was hidden by a lot of road works, but this is of course not the fault of the hotel. The reception was lovely with a nice Christmas tree in the entrance. We left our luggage there before returning to check in later, which was no problem at all. The staff on reception were friendly, but there was nobody to show us to our rooms, which I expected from a hotel like this.When we located our room, it was a lovely, airy apartment, and we were excited for our stay. The decor of our room was quite bright, and a neutral look would have been preferred, but it was modern non the less. There was an adequate sized dining table for two which was nicely laid out. The view over the gardens was beautiful, framed by lovely big period windows. When we came to use the kitchen however, was when our disappointment started. There was no where near enough surface space to cook and we even struggled preparing a simple pasta dish. The cleanliness of the oven and some of the equipment was questionable, and I had to rewash a lot of things before using them. There was also a chipped glass which I cut my lip on, we informed the staff of this too, but they weren't concerned. I strongly believe that the appeal of a hotel is to feel as if no body else has stayed there, in terms of detail to cleanliness. It was also had to control the temperature in the room, as there is only a boiler and no thermostat, resulting in it being off or stiflingly hot. Not long after arrival we raised out concerns with our room, and confirmed that we were staying in an 'executive' room, which we had upgraded to upon booking a month or so previously. We couldn't imagine the kitchen being any smaller than it was, as the kitchen was the main appeal to staying here I was very disappointed. The staff confirmed that this was in fact an executive room, and didn't agree to move us into a room we were happier with, which was surprising, as they weren't busy at all. We had upgraded to the executive suite to ensure we had a good room, however I think the only thing that made it executive was the addition of bathrobes (which they forgot to put in the room and had to ask for) and a breakfast 'bag' with cereal. I would upgrade further to secure the good rooms. Cooking a breakfast in the morning was a nightmare, resulting in burning our food due to it being impossible to manoeuvre with the little space and non existant surfaces. We also had issues with the shower, as it wasn't electric and made a very loud noise when set to the best temperature. The bed was very comfortable and we slept very well, and the decor was fresh and relaxing. However the dressing table was too far away from a plug to use the hairdryer and the mirror together, when we tried to move it, it was very badly assembled and almost collapsed. I think the main problem with our room was purely due to lack off attention to detail on various accounts, and serious modification is required to the heating and shower, which also needed new sealant around the bath.We did enjoy our stay here overall, but we had to make the best of our accommodation, and it was being with each other that made it special. I wouldn't stay here again right away, but possibly try the other aparthotel in Edinburgh which we almost booked originally if we returned to the city.Room Tip: We upgraded to the executive suite to ensure we had a good room, however I think the only thing that...
4	Great for a group.We were starting our Scottish Adventure in Edinburgh with three our friends. One of our friends booked this hotel for our group and her parents. We ended up walking from the train station and it wasn't too bad. They had roll-y luggages while my husband and I had huge backpacks. Couldn't have been more than a ten minute walk, max. Their sign is pink. I thought it would be blue... I was wrong. If you are checking in at night after a certain time (I'm guessing 10pm), you have to ring the doorbell. If you are coming/stumbling back from the pub, you have to use your key to open the lobby doors. There is a lobby bar with sort of reasonable drinks. They did not have ice... Our room had two bedrooms and two bathrooms with a living room, dining room and kitchen area opposite the bedrooms. In all honesty, I think the five of us could have been content to stay in one two bedroom suite because the suites were really big. The living room had two couches and one of our friends slept on one of them for a night anyhow. We stayed in the room with the ensuite bath that only had a shower--- which is fine because I would only be taking showers. The other bathroom had a tub and a door that wouldn't fully close. We didn't end up spending much time in the room, but our friend's parents used their kitchen all week. We even had breakfast in their room one morning. Normally since I am so lazy, I wait for the elevator. I don't know if there was something wrong when we stayed there, but that area smelled like garbage so I just ended up taking the stairs.  I would totally stay there again given the chance... and I would use the kitchen... there was a Sainsbury's nearby.
