5	Dr. Flores is awesome.  I first started going to him as a patient when he was at a different location on Craig Rd.  He takes his time with every patient and never makes you feel rushed when it is your turn yet there is never a long wait in the waiting room.  He is very knowledgeable and recommends the best procedure/options for you, even if it means he will not make as much money - wish I could say that about the rest of the dental offices in Las Vegas!! He has never overcharged me and I am usually able to get in fairly quick. I had gone to three other dentists in the area with horrible experiences before finding Dr. Flores.  Everyone I have recommended to him has also been very impressed with him and the care here.  If looking for a dentist- stop looking- you've found a great one! Truly a rarity in Vegas!
5	Three things you want in a dentist is someone who is honest, knowledgeable, and professional.  Dr. Flores and his staff encompass all three of these values.  The staff here treat one another like family which makes it a very welcoming environment. I was scheduled quickly and was seen promptly on the day of my appointment. His assistant was also very courteous and kind (unlike some other clinics I've been to). The clinic is also one of the nicer ones I have seen (there is a waterwall inside!). So if you want a dentist who is honest, a staff who is genuinely concerned for your well being, and are looking for consummate professionals, then take your business to Flores Family Dental and be treated like family.
4	Dr. Flores was excellent. Friendly and funny.The location is great. I wasn't won over by his staff. Hence the four stars. They were training a new hygienist on my last visit and the other members just sort of abandoned him with me. He was rough but I can tell by the chunks of plaque left in my mouth he could of done better if someone guided him properly. I would definitely recommend Dr. Flores to others in the area.
5	Wow! I can't believe what a great job he has done. Very professional and has helped me smile again. Great personality,friendly,funny, etc. I can't find a words to describe what he does. No pain and no fear of going to the dentist. I recommend him to everybody who needs a dentist or a better one.Thank you Dr Flores,you and your staff..          God bless all of you!!!
1	I was referred to Flores by an orthodontist. I went in for a consultation so that i could get an idea of treatments needed and cost.  On the day of my appointment the office assured me that although they were running behind they would get me out on time since i had another appointment and i could not be late. They never finished the consult. I was late to my appointment. They promised that i would get a call to discuss treatment options and it took them 3 days to call. I asked a few questions that were ignored and all the person did was try to sell me on thousands of dollars worth of treatment without explaining what the treatment was. They were rude on the phone and when i expressed concern and the manager laughed so i requested a call from the manager and i was told that it was in fact the manager that was being rude, so i requested that the doctor call. Its been days, and i need treatment, but no call. This dentist does not care about patients just money. i cant speak on his actual work since he will never work on my teeth. save yourself the trouble and go to someone who cares. I usually don't right reviews but my experience was so bad and i gave them 2 opportunities to contact me and get this appointment done. Now im out the cost of the appointment and still no information.
5	The office is beautiful, peaceful and clean. When you walk in, a big glass waterfall greets you. You can tell they went out of their way to help calm their customers for what can be an anxious visit. Didn't have to wait at all and Dr. Flores was very nice and personable. Being a medical professional myself, I was impressed he did a full dental exam- not just the open, say ahh and look at the teeth. I loved the hygienist, Jaycie, too. There was no discomfort with my cleaning and she was very sweet too. The best part- they have a digital x ray machine so you don't have to have those awful films gaging you in your mouth. It is simple as biting on a little stick and the machine does the work. Of note, when  I walked in the front staff was on break and Dr. Flores was watching the desk and answering the phone. I think that is great! He is not pretentious and a team player. Overall, I would say this was a perfect dentist visit and I'll be back!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Flores for 4 years - even when he was at his Craig Rd. location. The new office space is beautiful and clean. The staff is always welcoming and very prompt. I have had to move appointments as well as shown up late on occasion and they are always accommodating and understanding. Dr. Flores is very through when completing a check of my teeth and I am never in pain when I leave. I have recommended Dr. Flores to several friends/coworkers and all have had rave reviews of him as well.
5	Update: my second visit was much better than the first. The hygienist from before was gone (again, it wasn't him, it was the lack of training from the other staff IMO). My hygienist was Jaycee. She's fabulous. Very knowledge and friendly. She's a great asset to Dr. Flores. I needed two fillings and I was very surprised that I could get them done the same day. Still, I'd highly recommend Dr. Flores to anyone in the area.
