4	Finn McCools is like my own little beacon of hope in the mess that has become the South Side. I try to avoid the South Side most of the time unless I'm really feeling in the mood to watch under agers and general drunken idiots get "OMG I'm 21" drunk and fall all over themselves. I'm ok with that making me sound ridiculously lame but seriously, have you been there lately?So anyway, I'll step off my soapbox. Back to Finn McCools. It's relatively small, but pretty comparative to the other bars on East Carson Street. The seating in the back - a small lounge area with couches and chairs - is the best thing about the place. Get there earlier in the night and claim your spot in that area and you won't move the rest of the night. The music is good and the crowd is laid back. Typically just a crowd of people there to drink and not show off. No random dancing on the bar or drunken bar fights. There are just people looking to drink and socialize and that's something I can totally get behind. Bartenders are on their A game and the drinks aren't pricey.(The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's in the South Side)
3	Let me start my story here:I was at Finn McCools with Hines Ward and Chris Kemoeatu.Well, I was at Finn McCools AT THE SAME TIME as Hines Ward and Chis Kemoeatu.  I did manage to perch myself at the bar next to Hines, though.I'm not always a South Side guy.  I mean, it can be fun.  But, you have to be prepared for what your getting into -- most likely, a mess.  As I hopped around the South Side last Friday...nine days before the Super Bowl...I found my way to Finn McCools.  The wind was blowing, the temperature was dropping and as I looked to my friends we all said, "I've never been here."  So, with that, we ventured inside.Finn McCools, as its name implies, was actually pretty cool.  It didn't have the same feel as other South Side joints.  It was a calmer crowd, a little less rowdy.  I found my way to the back of the bar, near a small modern-looking seating area.  There, surrounded by girls vying for their attention, were Hines Ward and Chris Kemoeatu, both Pittsburgh Steelers.As a die-hard fan, I assumed it was not only my right, but my duty, to get as close to these super stars as possible.  I managed to slyly ventured forward and found myself standing next to Hines at the bar.  I normally I try to be pretty "un-annoying,"  so I let him be.  It was just neat to see these guys out doing their thing.Anyhow, the bar was pretty crowded, but the bartenders were on point.  Quick drinks, good prices.  I was actually pretty impressed.We finished our night at Finn McCools, choosing the atmosphere there over the risk of losing it for another location.  While it's certainly louder than your neighborhood bar, it's not quite as crazy as some others along Carson Street. And -- if it's good enough for the soon-to-be Super Bowl Champs, it's good enough for me.
3	Well -- the Steelers obviously couldn't manage the Super Bowl victory.  Maybe it was the late nights at places like Finn McCools or maybe they just got beat.Regardless -- Finns is still a good bet.
3	Gotta getta bomb. Front windows make ideal placeFor public pantsing.(b)
4	Great place to grab a few beers on a week night! Good specials, great friendly staff. Nice place to have a few & relax!
2	I had okay service and an overall okay experience. They do not really have anything to remember them by. I might go back someday.
