4	The Wine Store has a  focus of unusual or hard to find wines. This was confirmed by the pleasant staff but is also clear on the scrawled prices on the reused wine racks from former Sportsmen's. I'm giving the benefit of the doubt to Chef Mark Tarbell due to his commitment of reuse of the space, especially as a wine store. It would be a benefit (to me)if the wines & price points varied a bit in the  $20-30. I'm also looking forward to a bit more of a WOW interior to accompany the upscale prices.Apparently the electrical contractor working in the building has left them with out heat for over 24 hours. This is unacceptable and reflects poorly on the contractor's skills. This also indicates patience on the staff.Thanks Chef Tarbell for taking a risk and maintaining the history of this corner. Looking forward to the final vision.
4	Great staff, small store, aggressive pricing, heavy on California surprised us, these are Special Occasion wines-very few "daily" drinkers.
5	Check out the wine store at Tarbells.  Mark, you've done it again.  This Chef, Entrepreneur knows how to keep it consistent.  The broad selection of wines is for fussy wine enthusiasts like myself.  The location is convenient and the personnel are very attentive and knowledgeable.  Try The Tavern next door.  This Chef owned business stays on track with Mark Tarbell's attention to detail in every bite the customer experiences.  My first time I tried the taco's cooked to perfection and every bite gets better than the last.  I loved the bleu cheese salad.  Crunchy with a slaw type texture.  The portions are right on and the staff is attentive.  I will go back and take others with me.  So good...
4	Made another visit to see the progress and check out the new Tarbell's Tavern next door. Wine selections have been expanded to include several daily drinkers that were missing initially. But we hear they are changing the format yet again to have less selections but perhaps serve wine and a small menu. I'm all for innovation but hope they will settle on something soon that we can depend on. The Tavern seems incomplete as well and another Special Occasion priced menu. Of course they are a gathering spot for PV's finest. Guess Arcadia is where we belong.
5	Had a wonderful experience today at The Wine Store! The employees are extremely friendly and welcoming. They are eager to help you find what you are looking for, very knowledgable, and you can tell they love what they do. I will definitely be coming back and will recommend to friends.
