5	Visited Pittsburgh for a wedding and needed to get a haircut away from my regular guy in NYC.I read the reviews from searching on Enrico's so I decided to give it a try, being very timid at first since I was worried about not get my ideal haircut.Enrico was extremely professional and very knowledgeable about what I wanted. A few simple directions and he went to work right away. After an extremely detailed but fast haircut later I was extremely happy with my result. Its seems like its a one man shop and makes perfect sense since he is too experienced, good of a barber to be working for someone else. I highly recommend giving him a try, he just might become your "guy".Notes:Haircut was $15 and cash only. He had the TV with the History Channel which made background viewing, but he was very amiable as well.
3	Enrico's would get a higher rating if he wasn't so damn busy all the time. A good haircut at a good price is hard to come by in Oakland. At around $15 for a cut, Enrico's is definitely a bargain. However, the haircuts are usually rushed and you often have to wait 15-20 minutes past your appointment time because he's behind. Don't get me wrong, Enrico does a great job when there aren't 4 customers waiting for your cut to be over, but that's not often the case. Thus, Enrico's is fine for simpler cuts and trims if you have a bit of extra time to spare. But if you need punctuality or a bit more attention paid to your hair, head to Puccini's on Atwood (if you style your hair) or the Natural Choice on Meyran (if you have a buzzcut or something similar). If your hair is finicky those two spots are worth it.
5	I have very thick hair and prefer to keep it on the longer side. I have never found a hair stylist who could really shape and cut it so it didn't look like a woman's haircut. Every time I went to a barber, they wanted to cut it very short and do a typical three on top two on the sides. And then I found Enrico. He is passionate about what he does and is incredible at cutting men's hair. He did something with me which I never experienced called a Suds Cut. He shampoos my hair and shapes it while it's still wet and filled with suds. The haircut results in a textured, shapely, professional look. I couldn't recommend him guy more if you are a guy who cares about having well styled and cut hair, but still maintaining a strictly men's look.
5	I've been going to Enrico for my hair cuts for five years now, and I have nothing but the best to say about the guy. He is fast, and very good at cutting hair, probably the best barber I've ever had. With that said, it's true that he is often incredibly busy. (With reason!) Thus, even though you can just walk in, it's highly recommended you pick up an appointment before (call one day ahead if you absolutely want to be safe). Also, even though it may cost a few bucks more than a place like supercuts, it's totally worth while to go to Enrico's.
5	Enrico is the man - go get a cut, you won't be disappointed. I've been going to a few good places in Pittsburgh, including the Golden Razor and Dan Cercone's for a good men's cut, and I think I'm settled on Enrico. Golden Razor ($12/cut) and Dan's ($10/cut) are excellent bang for your buck, but Enrico ($17/cut) is worth the few extra dollars. I gave him rather simple instructions and he knew exactly what to do. Best cut I've had in Pittsburgh.Enrico's shop is quaint and nice, and he usually has some nice soft music playing in the back. It sounds like the only thing other people don't like about his shop is that he'll rush you through if he's busy, but to that I say just book an appointment. I called him up on a Wednesday morning and then came in for an 11:45. There was only one other person there, and Enrico took his time. He's also got this awesome scissor/comb combo thing he invented himself, which he has for sale in his shop too. Really interesting guy and great barber!
5	I have lived in PGH for almost 5 years now - Enrico's been my barber almost the entire time. Best haircut I've ever got - he's really fast (under 10-15 mins) and aside from shorter hair, you don't leave with that 'just-got-my-haircut-look that you can get at other places (looking at you sports clips/supercuts) Make sure to make an appointment by calling ahead (even the day of). Check him out  - he's great!
5	This guy knows what he's doing as he's been cutting hair for men for more than 35 years. Great service and he gets the job done well. You can book an appointment ahead of time by calling in as he gets a lot of customers coming in at times or walk in, but his reputation is well-earned. Highly recommend.
1	I've been here about three times now and every time he is on the phone for most of my haircut.  He is constantly stopping mid-haircut to answer it while you wait for him.  This causes him to lose his place while cutting your hair and miss parts.  The last two times I've been there I get home and realize he's missed places so I have patches of longer hair.  I'm not sure why he thinks this is an acceptable business practice and he lost my business after he did it this time.  Just settle for Super Cuts is all I can say.  They're cheaper and give you their full attention.
3	To be honest the guy seems like a very nice guy but the place isn't really that nice. It's one seat and only Enrico cuts. You have to call to schedule an appointment and when you show up you usually need to wait anyways. If you've ever been to a real barber shop you tell the guy, fade, uptown fade, tape up, taper, or other normal terms and Enrico just looks puzzled. When you need to pull out your cell phone to show a picture of what to do, then you know that you might have issues. The guy is old school and if your an old man this would be a nice place. But this is oakland where college kids run free and need a barber that isn't in tune with today's socially acceptable haircuts.Like the other reviews state, the guy is always on the phone constantly interrupting your haircut. They always seemed half fast and when he cant concentrate cause he keeps taking appointments then as a customer you feel like your not getting the attention you need.That being said there are plenty of other places to go to to get a good haircut. At least this place is a step up from super cuts.
4	Enrico is a great place for a quality cut. He is busy, and the phone does ring, but in all the many times I've been there he books the guy, hangs up and moves on. Seriously, it's a good hair cut, he listens to what you want, and delivers for a fair price.
5	Enrico always gives a great haircut for a fair price. Like others have said, it's a one-chair affair, so it truly is only Enrico's at Enrico's. Enrico has been cutting hair for 25+ years in Pittsburgh, so you really feel like you're supporting local business when you go.Haircuts are $18, which is slightly more than I was used to paying for haircuts before Enrico's, but it's worth it by far. These are the fastest haircuts I've ever gotten, and the best looking. Enrico claims to have invented this tool - basically a comb attached to scissors - that makes cutting hair a lot more efficient. Whatever it is, it works!While Enrico is nice, he's all business. In other reviews people complain that Enrico takes calls to book appointments while cutting your hair. However, because he's the only guy in the place and is cutting hair literally all day, he doesn't have much choice but to take the calls. And when he is on the phone, he's extremely terse to make sure the call is quick and he can get back to your haircut. This means if you call Enrico to make an appointment, don't be alarmed if he's very terse - he's likely cutting someone's hair while you're talking to him.While you're getting your haircut you'll likely be listening to calm classical music or watching the local news with occasional Enrico commentary.Warning: Enrico's is CASH ONLY! And like others have mentioned, you have to call and make an appointment (it's rare that Enrico will be able to take a walk-in). Maybe this is an inconvenience for some, but it's worth it. Great, fast haircut.Also, I think you can get a great feeling of the place by checking out his website:http://www.enricoshaircuttingformen.com/
5	I've been coming here for about 2 years, and I've had a great haircut every time! Hands down the best value in hair cutting I've seen.
5	Enrico gave me an excellent haircut at a reasonable price ($18 + tip).  There are other places in town that are a little less expensive, but this was by far the best experience I've had at a barber shop since moving to Pittsburgh.  He was happy to accommodate my special requests, and flawlessly shortened my hair while keeping it long enough to totally hide a temporary bald patch - something no other barber has done successfully in the months that I've dealt with this issue.  Although it's best to schedule an appointment in advance, he was happy to work me into his clearly busy schedule.  I am definitely going back to Enrico's the next time I need a haircut!
5	Enrico always does a great job. He is almost always in a hurry due to the steady stream of customers coming through his door, but fear not, Enrico's quality never falters. A haircut is 18$, which can be expensive for college students in Oakland. However I truly believe he is superior to any other barbers in the area.
