1	Drove in with a smiley face the neighbor kids had drawn in the dust of my SUV's back window.  Paid the higher than average price for gas, and $7 for the mid-level carwash.  For seven bucks I don't expect someone to polish interior but I did expect the exterior to be clean.  When I pulled out, Mr. Smiley face's smile was gone...but he was still staring at me with those eyes in the rounded top half of his head. I had to get out and use the squeegee and rags at the gas pumps to finish the job.Absolutely no reason to go back.
1	Terrible Herbst/Chevron had been advertising a .20 cent per gallon discount with the purchase of a car wash.  I pulled into this location, and while at the pump, I saw this very deal electronically advertised above the pump, every 20 seconds or so.  Based on the advertisement, I purchased a car wash for $7.00 and began to pump gas.  I was looking for the .20 cent discount, but it did not seem to happen as I was pumping.  I put in approximately nine gallons of gas, and looked closely at the receipt.  Hmmm, no discount still.  Sure, I was charged for the car wash, that was clearly evident on the receipt.  Well, I am a consumer that absolutely hates to be lured into purchases based on false advertising, so I was willing to go to the clerk and ask about the discount.  She was respectful, but stated that deal ended yesterday.  I pointed out that it is still actively advertised at the pump, this very second.  She realized she could not resolve the problem, and brought me the manager.  He stated the same thing, that the offer ended yesterday.  I stated the same thing "You still are advertising the special".  He asked "Where?" and I told him "it's on an electronic rotation right above the pump where I accepted the deal".  He said he would not honor the advertised deal.  I told him that I wasn't going to get mad, but I was going to Yelp about his business on the internet.  I also told him I would never ever do business at that site again.  He stated "So long as you aren't mad."  Personally, I think this is a bad move for a business to rip off a customer who purchases your product for $41.57 and then the business won't honor their advertised discount that comes to a whopping $1.80.  I'll let you all decide for yourselves whether you'd do business at this location.  By the way, the wash for $7.00 wasn't too bad.
1	Unfortunately, going here has become a total annoyance, and I avoid coming here like the plague.  The only reason I ever use this place is if my gas tank is on fumes, and I don't think I could make the u-turn to the 7-11 across the street.This is why: It's nothing to do with the service or the store.  Gas prices aren't going to save you a few cents here and there as it's not the cheapest, but the real issue is due to the non-stop harassment of people begging for money.I've found that I can no longer get out of my car at this location without someone hitting me up for change or some service.  I've been asked for food, to fill their gas tank, money, rides to a "cousin's house", and every story under the sun ranging from out of town travelers, to escaping a horrible relationship, etc., etc., etc.  And a lot of them cop bad attitudes, or mumble so much you can barely understand them.The last time I was there, it was a "fumes" moment, and I actually timed the visit to leap out of my car, card in hand, rushing to pump my gas as fast as possible to avoid getting hit up for money.Sure enough, someone wanted money for gas, then tried to have me fill their gas tank instead, and then stomped off without a word when I said I didn't have extra money on me.  I didn't even have time to turn back to my gas pumping when ANOTHER person came up, with the WORD FOR WORD exact story.  Did you not just hear the conversation I just had with one of your fellow hard ups?  Am I going to have to face LINES of people now?I understand and sympathize that it's hard times right now.  Jobs, the economy, etc.  Hell, I've worked with the homeless in the past, and there are a number of wonderful shelters and options just on Bonanza alone.  But when you can GUARANTEE that you will be approached by multiple people with a litany of stories every single time you try to pump a few bucks in your tank, then there's a real problem that management needs to address.  Every now and then is one thing.  Lines that form when you start to pull your wallet out is too much.  And the attitudes given make it even less worth it.  At least with a shelter, I know where my time and money donations go.I think between running out of gas and coming here again, I'm just going to have to learn how to push my car down the street.
