1	Awful, Dr. Thomas is a predator!!! She had me spinning with anxiety when she whipped out a list of over 10 different procedures she claimed I need done to my mouth. After seeking another professional opinion it turned out that I was only in need of three....wow! everyone knows the dentist is no fun, but seriously come on now, why frighten folks and lead them to think things are wrong when they aren't?? Shame on you Dr. Thomas, now I know how you afford your super high end office and equipment....
1	Ok if I could put a NEGATIVE star I so would.  There is so much I could say but for now I will just say do not use her.  They are WAY expensive, which of course I found out too late.  Then while trying to investigate the prices and talk with my insurance company they threaten if I don't finish paying this overpriced bill they will report me to collections the next day.  AWFUL.....
5	Absolutely fabulous Dentist!  She is capable, professional, proficient and efficient and she even watched out for the best use of my $$$I cracked a crown on a front tooth and was desperate to find a capable dentist.  After calling around and getting quotes I made my decision based only not only the pricing but how professionally my call was handled.When I arrived I was pleasantly greeted and had my paperwork quickly handled and the quote confirmed.Dr. Thomas has a truly state of the art office and practice.  I was informed each step of the way what was being done and why it was necessary.I am very pleased to have found Dr. Thomas and her staff!  Couldn't ask for a better dentist!!
5	Dr. Thomas and her staff are great!  They accommodated my schedule and really listened to my concerns and desires. Going to the dentist is a bummer anyway, but not here! I was actually laughing in the chair! Thanks Emily for making me feel so comfortable and thank you Dr. Thomas for such a thorough exam...see you in 6 months Louise!!
5	I was blessed to have Dr. Thomas educated me about the use of a Oral Orthotic (Splint) in managing my "TMJ".   After she made me a custom Oral Orthotic, my migraine headaches have stopped, I am not waking up with a locked jaw in the morning which was damaging my teeth. I feel a great relief in pressure with my jaws.  Dr. Thomas has state of the art equipment, immaculately clean office and has great bed side manners.  If you are a TMJ sufferer, have Dr. Thomas make you an Oral Orthotic!!
