2	Soo...I was real tempted to go crazy in here.Plenty of denim selection, tops, sweaters, dresses, accessories...but nothing out of this world that I HAD to have.  And prices were not really reflective of an outlet discount.Nordies, or Bloomies, you expect to spend anywhere from $150-200+ on a good pair of jeans.  Here I saw pairs in low hundreds...at Nordie Rack on a good week, I could find the same pair for like $70-90.  Just sayin.  Would definitely make it a point to stop by when I hit up the outlets again...one of the good stores in this outlet mall.
3	I came in with my sister who feels moved to get pink denim now that spring is rolling around. I could have sworn she already had some, but she said they are coral, and she wants baby pink.. I don't understand the difference. I guess I am a novice.Don't expect any help! She picked up several pairs of jeans and after waiting around, just got her own dressing room. Maybe that's how it works here? I don't expect the same level of service at an outlet location as I would at a regular retail store, but no dressing room service? Okay.She couldn't find what she was looking for, despite the fact that it seemed to me, they had loads of options. Again, I'm a novice I suppose.For the type of shopper I am, I couldn't see myself shopping here. It wasn't organized well enough and I hate the "digging" through things to find what I want. As someone who hates shopping, I know what I need, I like to be able to find what I want and get out of there.Overall, a decent sized selection, no service, and these outlet stores are always packed with tourists!
5	Has the COMPLETE line of 7 jeans for pretty much a straight 50% off. (And occasionally higher when they want to liquidate something)This may not beat Nordstrom rack, but it sure as hell beats Nordstrom proper and all other normal department stores. It's the perfect store for people who have trouble buying at department stores, because, as I said.. The collection is complete, not just what dept store buyers order... And the collection of sizes is complete, too. So you can get something amazing for both men and women in all body shapes.This is one of the few outlet stores that carries normal, full quality (not special outlet store lines or just unwanted stuff) lines at a good price, so I actually LOVE this outlet and visit every time I come to Vegas. It's really more like a discount "factory store" than a typical outlet. It's awesome!
5	I was at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets-North shopping with a friend. She mentioned that she needed some new jeans so we headed to the directory of stores.  7 For All Mankind was nearby so we went to check it out.Our experience could not have been any better! The sales associates asked what kind of style/fit we were looking for and made suggestions. The jeans were arranged by style and then by size within style. The associates checked back-stock for styles we wanted when our size was not on the sales floor. Once we had made several selections we were shown to a dressing room and asked if we'd each like a bottle of water. After trying on several pairs of jeans, we made our purchase decisions. I ended up buying a pair of jeans that I had tried on earlier this season at Neiman Marcus. At NM they were $215 (full price) and I paid just under $60 due to the in store promotion. I also bought a long sleeved shirt that is very soft and cozy. At these prices, this will now be my go to jeans store.
4	I'm not a big shopper but I came here with the wife Turkey Day weekend...and ended up gettin a couple things from 7.  They have a huge variety of 7 jeans for a very good price.  I guess they're already discounted, but they were an extra 40% that weekend; so 7 jeans for $60?  Yes please!  What's really awesome about this place...and Idk if it's like this at all these really nice jean retailers, but the service staff was really helpful in finding a fit for me that accommodated my physique; I have pretty big thighs so I needed something that fit comfortably around that area and not be baggy.  They had a few suggestions immediately.  The jeans were super comfy so I got 2 pairs.  For an outlet retailer, I must say we had an exceptional customer service experience.  I prob won't be back any time soon, but I know when I need some more jeans, I'm comin here!  Even on Black Friday at midnight, they weren't too packed; everyone's too busy gettin the doorbusters at all the other shops, so take advantage...just be prepared to deal with the hell on earth that is parking!
4	I LOVE their jeans and I won't kid you. I'm no skinny minnie. I was able to find 2 pairs of jeans, of course they weren't on the sales rack. Both skinny and the salesperson was super helpful. There was still some discount on them which made me very happy. I asked the salesperson if it's going to be a better sale on the 4th but she said probably not. CL can only wear the mustache style now. I'm glad I found my jeans that I could not find at the Livermore outlets.
