5	I'm so excited...I've been living in Charlotte for two years and just now found the right person for my natural hair.  I found the gem Trois Salon on South Blvd that specializes in natural pressed hair care.  Since I found it a few weeks ago, I've been there twice and both times the Atlanta native Rhondalyn did my hair.  Rhondalyn was excellent! She handled my hair with care and gave me the personalized attention I needed.  Both times I've been there, I don't have to wait long and I'm out of there in a hour to a hour and a half.  She knows a lot about maintaining a healthy natural while still getting it pressed.  I was happily surprised that she didn't use a lot of unnecessary heat and my friends when seeing it thought I had a relaxer...yes she's that good!!! I  have not been disappointed yet and will be back when I can.  Her prices are a little more than the average Charlotte hairdresser, but trust me it's worth it!!!Con: the only thing that is missing is a hydrator/steamer...but I'm going to try my best to convince her to invest in one (wish me luck!) in the future.
5	Rhondalyn is the best hair stylist! My hair is natural and fine and it was so hard to find a stylist that could take care of my hair and also style it. She has been doing my hair for over a year and I couldn't imagine going to anyone else. My hair is healthy and easily maintained. I can't say enough good things.
5	I have been going to D for several months. I was hesitant to let any one other than my mother who is a stylist in SC do my hair due to bad experiences but I am so glad that my friend recommended D' Artagnan. My hair is bouncey, shiney, and healthy and he is walking be through the process of going natural. He recently cut my hair in the cutest bob and added highlights after wearing long hair for a while. I have people stopping to ask me about my hair constantly. He also styled my hair  and my bridesmaids hair for my wedding and it was gorgeous. He has a wonderful personality and a great heart also. I am blessed to have met him.
