5	Have to go get nailed and lashed!!!  This is a new salon on sunset and fort apache...great location, amazing staff...everyone is so friendly and very welcoming!!!! Book your appt today!!!
4	I've been waiting for a good nail salon around this area. This salon is the best! Prices are a little high but the service is excellent!
5	First time in for a gel manicure with Amanda. Very happy with the results! Everyone is extremely friendly and the decor is great. I will be returning again and again!
5	I love this place!!! Shantel & Dallas are AMAZING!!! So glad they are open... I had such an awesome experience here...
5	This place is SO cute!! It's pink and leopard.;) I've been seeing Asia for YEARS for my nails. She is always on time, very professional and can do any design you choose. They just opened so it's so fresh and new in here. With nail salons on every corner I would recommend coming here and seeing Asia!
5	Tried Nailed & Lashed for the first time!! They are awesome! We called last minute to get reservations for a large group and they were extremely helpful and fit us in!Their products are amazing! They make their own bath fizzes, lotions and massage oils. Nick was amazing and gave the best massage and took his time with lots of extras!! I will definitely be back here again!!
5	1 word AMAZING. They are friendly professional and do a wonderful job. Shantel did my nails they are perfect i love her hand painted flowers and I got my lashes done for the first time ever by Dallas. I could be happier with the results I scheduled my next appointment before I left
5	I visited Nailed and Lashed for the first time today, and boy am I glad I did. I was looking for a good place to get a mani, pedi, and my eyebrows and lip waxed, and just happened to drive by Nailed and Lashed. It is definitely the nicest, cleanest,  best decorated nail salon I have been in, in a long time. The waxing room was so comfortable and relaxing. Dallas did an awesome job on my eyebrows and lip! I got a mani/pedi and was in absolute heaven. Asia did a phenomenal job! She is very personable and knowledgeable. I love that all the lotions and masks are homemade and organic. Yes, organic!I will definitely be back and will be telling everyone I know about Nailed and Lashed!
5	Great experience!  Nick did my nails and he was very friendly and obviously knew hos stuff. All of the staff were friendly and I loved the decor. I'll be going back for sure and I would recommend this place to anyone in the southwest area
5	Walked in around 12:30pm just do get gel take off with new polish, was told the wait would be around 20min it was more like 5min, they took us right away as we were getting our nails done we said can we get the eyebrows waxed they took us right after our nails were done! We were out of there by 1:15 it was perfect. This is my new nail place.
3	So... This place is super fancy and new and lovely.. They offer you a water, bring the polish choices to you on these little key rings, and everyone is very friendly.But you are definitely paying for atmosphere here. $15 for a toenail polish change and they don't even file your nails?!? What?? The nail tech acted pretty put out when I expressed my concern over it. I actually was going to walk out. First, you charge $5 more than everywhere else for the service, then offer less? Hmmm..She ended up begrudgingly filing them (the service became pretty chilly at that point) and the rest of it went fine, and she put all kinds of top coats on it and did a nice job. However, I'm definitely going to stick with my regular location to get my toes prettied up!
5	I don't frequent nail salons at all, so I have yet to find one that I am a loyal customer to.  I might have to admit that I may have finally found a spot I liked to return to.  It was the first time for me to get acrylic nails, which I need for an important event.  Nick did my nails and he is great!  Did an amazing job and I'm actually loving the length.  I'm in my late thirties and am wondering why I never tried doing such a feminine thing sooner in life.  It's fun (so far) and I'm feeling pretty sexy with these nails.  I will definitely be back to see Nick and keep these babies on for awhile...though typing is getting some use to.  I'm glad I found your coupon in the LV Weekly magazine.  Advertising does work and your location is perfect for me! I love the decor and it's very relaxing.  Awesome spot!
5	I love love love this salon! The whole atmosphere is amazing! Everyone I there is so kind and patient and they really take their time with you. It also smells so amazing from their homemade vanilla lotion; I always feel so rejuvenated when I leave there!
5	Is amazing place with great service and team work love the variety and privacy when you get lashes and nails
5	I LOVE this place!!! Its so warm and welcoming. I was added on and I didn't even have to wait. I saw Shantel and she did an AMAZING job on my toes and nails.I went over a week ago and they still look like I just got them done. She is the best! I HIGHLY recommend Shantel. She is so sweet,  efficient, friendly and sooooo pretty. I will definitely be back !!!
5	One of the best pedi's ever. Such a friendly and nice staff. Atmosphere is awesome. Sassy citrus lemon rosemary pedi is a must. My new fav nail place. Ask for nick or Asia they were great.
5	This salon is beautiful and Asia is the absolute best at doing nails I've been going to her for a while now and she is quick and makes your nails look amazing !!! I suggest coming here if you want the best nail job in Vegas
5	Go check this place out...eyelashes see my girl Dallas....mani/pedi/acrylics go see my girl Shantel Martinez...you won't be disappointed. Highly recommend this place!!!
5	This nail salon was love at first sight!  Nick did my "what's your favorite flavor baby" pedicure, he was amazing and did such a great job with my entire service.  The salon itself is very girly chic, all the design elements are gorgeous.  I have definitely found a new home for my pedicures!
5	Just got my nails done by my girl shantel Martinez...she's truly amazing..all the staff is amazing.
5	"As good as it gets" would be accurate! I was greeted warmly, the owner introduced himself and even offered me a discount for it being my first time (nice added bonus.) It's so hard to find a good salon who has reasonable pricing with style dripping from the ceiling. There were many polish options however I do wish I checked out the gel options for my future appointments. First impression was wow, this place is gorgeous and it smells heavenly inside from the lotions to the bath bombs you can't go wrong with home made items which is what they offer and sets them apart from other salons.All of my requests were handled without hesitation (ingrown toes, pricing on future visits, no tool used for gel manis etc.) They were happy to accommodate my daughter (nearly 4yrs) and make her feel pampered. She really loved her nails and toes today. They have hanging headphones from the nail station which I thought was really cool however you wont need it since the techs speak English and to YOU unlike many other places. I immediately told my girl friend I think I have found our nail place, finally, after over a year of trying out places all over the valley. (Many factors contribute to why we are both so picky.) Today I received a $40 mani/pedi the in and out included the massage chair with a rub down which was just the perfect pressure. My daughter also received the same for $25. Suggestions: Bigger trash can in the restroom. Offer to book another appointment at the time of payment, I probably would have if I was asked. Offer a business card with the person who you seen that day. Add email to the sign in list for promotions. A small shoulder massage would be amazing while nails are drying.My hopes for this place is that their pricing stays reasonable and their techs are as happy a year from now as they were today. We will be back and with friends! Thank you!
4	Alliyah(sp.) did my lash extensions today.  She was very careful and meticulous.  My lashes look amazing after the wonderful job Alliyah(sp.) did.The salon itself is really nice.  I just love the decor.I met the owner, Chris who is really sweet.  I recommend this salon for great service in a comfortable and relaxed setting.This is so the salon to go to for mani/pedi's and lashes.  I only wish they were closer to my home.
5	Wow-za! I'm in love! I just had the BEST pedicure ever with Nick! This little gem just opened up a few weeks ago. It's a dolled up nail salon with incredible service. They didn't skimp on anything! I received a generous foot/leg massage. They even used their own organic scrubs/treatments that are made in house. I have sensitive skin and the scrubs and lotions were extra moisturizing and gentle. It was fantastic! The staff was super sweet and were SO meticulous!  I came with my niece and sister in-law and all of us agreed that the whole experience was outstanding. The entire staff seemed to genuinely want to do a thorough and professional manicure and pedicure. This is refreshing since the majority of other salons do a rush job and are not nearly as friendly. They offer an array of pedicures to select from and I posted a few pics of their extensive spa menu.Bottom line: I truly enjoyed my experience at this salon and I will defiantly be returning.
5	This place is so cute the stuff are really nice. I got a gel pedi love the color I got. They play really good music also. So Ladies if you want to go and do a girls day this is the places to be.
5	WOW IS ALL I  CAN SAY I have been in LAS VEGAS FOR a  Year and I won't go any where else from now on . My nails never looked so GREAT and the pedi is to die for . Thanks for a great start to a long week
5	I had an hour before picking up my kids from school and I really wanted my nails done! I had seen a coupon for this place in The Sunday so I decided to give it a try. I walked in and was greeted and immediately taken care of. This place is so cute and the music is good too...and if you want to listen to the TV they have head phones for you!!!! I had Eric give me a gel mani with glitter...I was torn between 2 colors and he chose for me and I am more than happy!!! Can't wait to come back for a gel pedi!!!
5	Highly recommend this place. It's so amazing. If you want great service check this place out!!!! I get my nails done with Shantel Martinez, she's the BEST!!!!!
5	Have been looking for a salon to frequent instead of bouncing around and I believe I've found it. Clean, inviting space with good music and Saturday football playing. I'm not usually one for chit chat during a manicure, but genuinely enjoyed hanging out with Nick as he did my nails. Service was great and I loved the finished product. Can't wait to be back.
5	Incredible, friendly staff, and the owner makes sure football games are played on TV.  Love it!  My tech, Eric, is simply an amazing perfectionist.
5	My sister and I came here last weekend as my prebaby pedicure. I had never been here before and decided to try it since it opened early on a Saturday. Cute place, friendly people and great pedicure. I will definitely be back!
5	Just had my eyelashes done today  by Alexa, Amazing Job! They look fasting!! I found my new salon! The place is adorable!!. This is not your typical nail salon,  it's better!  Corner of Ft Apache and Sunset ( behind Dairy Queen)Thank you again!  Denise
4	This nail shop is so so cute! The only thing I would suggest is maybe training the front desk staff a little more. They don't seem to ever know what is going on, or what the prices are. However I do realize that this is a new business and everyone has to start somewhere. Shantel M. Is the best nail tech!!!! She does my nails and toes perfect every time. I always get so many compliments when she does them. Her work really speaks for itself, 5 stars for shantel!!
5	Highly recommend this place, I had gotten my nails and lashes done and I am extremely happy with them. Pedi/ mani by Mandy! She's the best..
5	I got a pedicure yesterday from a nail tech name shantel . She was so amazing I have an issue with anyone touching my feet and she made me feel very comfortable and did an awesome job . I would highly recommend her to do anyone's nails and pedicures . Love the salon as well it's such a unique place like no other nail salon I have ever been and the management are great people as well .... Try this place out you will not be disappointed .
5	I took my daughter to Nailed and Lashed yesterday for her 13th birthday...with her 2 sisters and 3 friends. They and I all got mani/pedi's. It was so relaxing, a beautiful atmosphere and the staff was very fun, friendly, and accomodating. The owner even stayed and helped to make it a special birthday experience for my daughter. It was so fun and we all loved it!!!! Thank you Nailed and Lashed.
4	I absolutely love this place. I had Nick do a mani/pedi for me. I have tried a lot of different salons in Vegas, and this was potentially the best experience I've had. Nick took his time, and paid attention to detail. He also took the initiative to do extra. My only complaint is that I thought the prices were a little higher than most salons, by about 5-10 dollars. You could easily spend $100 on a service.
4	Well I normally go to a different nail salon so I have a little bit of a guilty conscious but a friend convinced me to give it a try. I called ahead schedule an appointment and was told to come on in. The design was really cool I loved the chandeliers. The place was clean organized and was happy to see most of the tools were being used one time only. Everyone was very nice and welcoming. I was sat quickly after I chose my colors for a full acrylic set.  I will tell you the number one reason I came here and decided to try something different was the 20% off a service and secondly the great reviews. Overall a good experience
4	Nick gave me a super quick 40 min full set tonight! Stoked! He was a gem to be around! Love the layout and customer service of this little cute nail bar Chris is the owner - he is lovely too!
5	I do not really go to nail salons but I will say I will continue coming here because the environment is amazing. Mandi was the person who did my nails and her vibes was amazing. Not only that but the work was amazing I would not complain at all. Definitely would highly recommend for everyone to come here at least once.
5	The owner greeted me and the staff makes you feel first class.  The ambience and decor is the best in Vegas.  You have to try it out.
5	Mandy does such a great job.  First time in and this will b my new place for girl time! !!
5	I try to refrain from posting nail salon reviews until a few visits, because nails are very personal.I have been to N&L'd like 4 times now, 3 times seeing Shantel.I have been having her do my acrylics and they are how I like them, and ask for - very short, very thin and very natural looking.I am a picker and a biter and they still hang on.Plus the customer service is great and it is neither too posh and stuffy or a corner hack shop.It looks fancy, but everyone is nice!
4	Awesome service the people are very personable and nice.. The prices are fair and it's not too expensive. I got a full set and a pedicure. I am very happy with how everything turned out. I would definitely go back again!
5	Took my mom for first time ... and she loved it. I think we found our place! Thanks mandy
5	I did a walk in and it was a Sunday they took me in right away Asia was My tech she was so nice! I explained what I wanted and she knew how to execute it and I love my nails! No manicure just polish and they look beautiful and elegant just want I wanted! I am definitely a returning client
5	I have been looking for a good nail place ever since I moved here 6 months ago, and I finally found it!!! Nick took great care of me.  My nails and toes look fantastic!!!  Definitely going to continue coming here!!
5	Love this place! Most nail places are gross, but not this one. Clean, glam, and friendly. The prices are great. They always offer you water and they gave me a cute little bath bomb Christmas present when I went in December. They are a class act. Shantel is my favorite technician.
5	I've had many bad nail experiences but I wanted to check this place out because of all the good reviews and it looked pretty cute. When I walked through the door I was greeted right away and handed a bottle of water. Then sent to my pedicure seat where they had massage chairs. I only got the regular pedicure but they did a really good job and even put in the time to give me a much needed foot massage as well. Something I haven't had in a long time with regular pedicures. Then I proceeded to the nail chair where I picked out my specialty gel nail design which was done perfectly by Eric. He definitely puts in the time and effort to make sure he does the best job possible, which I definitely appreciate. The ambience and the whole feel of the place the entire time I was there was right on point. I even bought my sister and my mom specialty pedicures before I left. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing time with people who care about their work.
