5	So, today is May 5 which means mother's day is quickly approaching. I had to order flowers for my mother and I didn't want to pay expensive fees from most online companies. I found Payne and Morrison Florists and decided to give them a call. I talked to Lisa, who was very friendly if I may say so. She was very patient and even took the time type out my message to go on to the card. You guys rock! Thanks for making this process effortless Lisa!
5	I have used Payne and Morrison many different times for various floral needs.  Whether I drop in and pick up a bouquet or send flowers across the country I have always been extremely pleased with the selection and price, as well as, the friendliness and helpfulness of the employees!  This is the only flowershop I use!
5	We used Payne & Morrison for our wedding in March.Deanna was great to work with. She kept us under budget with her great suggestions and yet we got every flower we wanted! She was very knowledgeable and talented and was able to accommodate all my requests and changes. My flowers arrived exactly at the time we had coordinated and were all labeled for each person which made things very easy. My bouquet was absolutely stunning! All of the flowers were actually! The bridesmaids had calla lilies and they lasted for 2 whole weeks after the wedding along with the flowers that were in the church. We loved working with Deanna and will continue to use this shop for our flower purchases in the future. I recommend all brides chose Payne & Morrison for your flowers...Deanna and her team will put together beautiful and amazing flowers for your wedding!
5	By far the most amazing people I could ever wish for. I went to three other florist in the same day all telling me anything on pintrest and in magazines doesn't exist in nature.  Deanna and her niece were so amazing to us. They are all young and hip to all the trends that are happening in the wedding and flower world. Their entire staff was so supportive and encouraging. I knew that my friend's wedding would be amazing and to not worry.  I would recommend them to everyone!!!
2	Unimpressed. This is the second time I've gotten an arrangement here and both times I've been disappointed. I only went back because I thought I'd give them a chance to redeem themselves but was let down once again. My latest arrangement had small dying roses on it as well as a large gap in the center and overall just a crummy look. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	I just wanted to drop a quick note to let you know how happy my girlfriend was with her flowers. In the past year I have purchased flowers for her 4 times (from other florist) and although she is always happy to receive them something always seems to go wrong. You guys really came through and she was very pleased! I will be using you guys every time from here on out.Thank you!
5	Called for roses for my fiance's birthday and they were delivered at her office on her birthday.  The roses were in a nice vase and accented with baby's breathe.  A really great value for the price and the girl who took my order over the telephone was polite.  I highly recommend them.
5	Just have to say how absolutely marvelous my overall experience was with Payne & Morrison! Deanna was recommended to me from a friend for my wedding day and I have to honestly say at first I was a little hesitant going to a smaller flower shop... but all I have to say is how happy I chose them because they were able to fulfill my needs more! From being able to fit everything into budget; getting exactly the flowers I always dreamed of, being able to make last minute changes and being able to meet one on one for advice - I knew my day was going to be perfect and it was!!! They showed up right on time and even added a personal touch in my bouquet (my Mother had passed away just a few Months before the wedding so they put a couple flowers of remembrance in it). I highly recommend them!! :))
5	Its Been a Year since my last post and I wanted to say that they keep on providing the highest quality and service that I have now come to expect. My girlfriend just loves her flowers every time.  I always recommend your store and the feedback is always positive. Keep up the great work!!
