4	Other local treasures such as San Tan and Four Peaks existed well before I was 21, so this felt like getting to witness the birth of a brewery for the first time. After a couple pints, I've got to make a bold prediction.I drank Freak'N beer before it was cool. It's so good, there's no way it WON'T gain popularity. The "American Wit" is a very accessible brew. It's hoppy enough to attract IPA lovers, but still fragrant, sweet, and refreshing enough to level up drinkers who usually stick to hefeweizens. And then there's the brown ale. It is THE BEST brown I have EVER had. Lots of beers boast chocolate flavors, but this is the first time I've tasted a real, distinct cocoa flavor. And it doesn't even overpower the rest of the ingredients.The Belgian pale ale tastes as if they had taken an authentic brew like Corsendonk Trippel, and threw tons of hops in there. It's heavier and more bitter than a real Belgian, creating a unique flavor that's worth giving a try. A really cool part involved getting the tour of the brewery itself. Never had I learned so much about the science behind beer in one sitting. I was disappointed to hear about how the FDA gives small breweries such a hard time! I'll never get political in reviews...just as long as some obscure rules stay far, far away from my ability to have a cold one. =)Of course, not everything here is perfect. The IPA was sold out, and I'm assuming that's because it's so good. The cream ale was too watery for my liking. I get that it's 3% ABV, or as I like to say, "Utah beer", but the flavor was still wimpy. There were issues with the brand new taps, limiting the selection of to-go pints in a convenient Freak'N growler. But then I remember this isn't a *true* bar. It's actually a tasting room. If sales are favorable through the next couple of years, this family-run operation will expand. I wish them nothing but the best, and I'll be back to try the brews I missed!
5	Great beer great flavor kinda hard to find in the plaza but worth looking for. They are very helpful when asked questions about their beer. They have food trucks come out check out their Facebook page in which ones. Definately a gem if you like good fresh beer. And bring a growler if you want to take some home.
5	Absolutely love their beer!! My favorite is their Chipotle beer! So good and very special! Try it!!
