5	My wife bought me a nice little toy for my birthday called the jawbone up.  Works pretty sweet but something happened and I had to return or exchange the product.  So I walk in this AT&T store to be greeted by two of the nicest ladies.  The level of customer service provide was off the charts. Both ladies walked up and introduced themselves to me and firmly shook my hand.  They even looked me in the eyes while shaking my hand and asking my name. I was totally blown away and pleased at the level of service received. If you are in this area I highly suggest you use this AT&T store if you like being values as a customerI
1	If you wanna be sold a bogus plan, come to this location.  My Mom and I had a perfectly good plan so I went in to buy one of those portable Wifi devices to use strictly for my laptop and iPhone.  Dude sees our current plan--unlimited text, data, talk, you know a PERFECTLY good plan.  I simply just wanted to buy my portable device and go along my way.  So homeboy pretty much sells me on a deal by looking at my current plan which has me, my mom and grandma.  Between my mom and I, we supposedly only used 3 gigs of data a month because we have smart phones. I'm not a tech person, I don't care about gigs or whatever so I'm like oh ok that's good right? Apparently it was and he tells me he can switch my plan for us to have 10 gigs all together a month because our bill would be cheaper and this is now including my wifi device. So I'm like ok, cool.  Get the approval from my mom since she's the primary and we good to go.  3 or 4 days later I look on the device and see we've already used 4 gigs of data.  Didn't he tell me between the two of us we only use 3 a month? At this point I'm pissed! After about a week or so, we go over our gigs but best believe we don't pay for any overages because we were lied too.  Then on top of that we were charged an activation fee and deactivation fee that he NEVER mentioned but luckily the company waived all the fees because we were duped.  On top of that, the sales guy tried to holla but totally got denied.  How unprofessional can someone be.  You sell me a  BS plan and hit on me about a week later on Facebook. You'll never see me at this location again.  I might just get a verizon device because at least I know what to expect now!Oh and by the way, they don't close at 9:00pm, it's 7:00pm.  I was going in there for a replacement charger but nope! Closed!  I had to go to the ratchet Wal Mart and buy one for twice as much!
4	Gonna wait to offer judgement...and here it is:Had a suweet old plan in which I had unlimited DATA for three smart phones, but I was buying data for two iPads. The sales staff was able to get us moved over to a plan that included data for the two phones, add another iPhone and three iPads for the same cost as the original plan!!!  And to be clear, I am saying we bought the third iPhone...bought three iPads...and added data for those 4 new devices AND keep data for the two existing iPads...ALL FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THE ORIGINAL PLAN! All of these devices collectively use less than 10 gigs monthly.Customer service was excellent.
