4	Nice place, and food was great.
2	Was very disappointed with this location. Have been to several others of theirs and this one does not compare. Server was very nice but food was very below par. We ordered the wings but they were very small and bland. Sandwich was extremely small and dry. Tried to order dessert but they were out of bananas.
4	Great BBQ! Been to both Sonny's and Jim n Nicks, and I would say this place beats it by far. Best BBQ in the Concord area.
4	They have good brisket and their cheese biscuits are yummy.  We've had their two meat combo dishes and their salads and have not been disappointed.  We have gone through the drive-thru each time and are glad they have it.  There are many bar-b-que places to eat here and I would have no problem in recommending this place.
4	I made my first visit to Jim N' Nicks the other night with my daughter.  When you first walk in you're treated to a nice smoky aroma.  It was fairly crowded for a Tuesday night, but we were seated immediately.  The service was outstanding.  Our server informed us that they didn't have a freezer as everything is fresh.  They were out of ribs at the time and there wouldn't be any ready for another 1.5 hours, but we weren't planning on ordering ribs anyway.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries and my daughter had the cheese quesadilla with mac and cheese.  The only reason I'm not giving a five star review because the pulled pork was just a little on the dry side for me, but was very flavorful.  The fries were also just a little limp.  Very minor.  Don't let this keep you away.  I also had a taste of the mac and cheese and it was great.  Obviously homemade and not out of a box.I look forward to visiting again and trying out some different items.  It won't take much for me to bump this review up to a 5 star.
1	In the south one would expect great BBQ. Sorry, but this place does not have it. Located in the former Bob Evans restaurant, they changed the decor for the better. The service was good, but the food was not. The food was all fresh and made on the premises, but I have not seen so much fat and grizzle in pulled meat items, as I did here. Had to start eating my pulled pork with a fork, out of fear I would be bitting into another large piece of fat. I realize it takes time to make sure you are pulling good meaty pieces and not just the fat, but apparently they weren't taking that time. My sandwich was 3/4 fat and 1/4 actual meat. Not a pleasant thing. I have had better baked beans elsewhere too. Kind of sad, when I found better southern BBQ in NYC rather than NC.
4	Brisket, pork hot links, Mac n cheese, corn in Alabama white sauce, cheese muffins, and coconut cream pie.....excellent!  Service started out a little slow put the server pushed our orders through and kept our drinks full.  Definitely recommend this place.
5	Simply amazing BBQ. You can really taste the scratch made!
4	Food can't be beat.  Parking is an issue.  Try the ribs or the brisket.  True BBQ.
5	My wife and I ate there and came away extremely impressed.  We got smoked chicken, pulled pork and their sausage links and all of it was extremely well done.  Their sauce is spicy, but not to the point of just "pure heat".  The meat was all tender and the portions were plenty big.Service kept us full on drinks, offered suggestions with what to try and brought us more cheese biscuits as soon as our basket was empty.  While we understand its a chain, the food and service did not feel anything like that.  Great time had there.
4	Great to have some good BBQ around and not have to drive 4 hrs to Charleston to enjoy this southern treat!  As much as I was a fan of Bob Evans, this Jim and Nick's is a welcomed sight.  You still have your plethora of choices in the area, but if you are craving BBQ and some southern hospitality, definitely go to J&N.Last visit I tried the special.  "Pork and Grits" which was a nice play on shrimp and grits...The waitstaff is friendly and prompt.  Be prepared to spend an average of $15 for lunch including the tip.  Not the cheapest lunch option in the area, but definitely a good one if you are feeling some BBQ.
4	This was my second visit to a Jim n Nicks and my first to this location.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was great!  The rolls are worth the trip!  We had excellent service and were in and out pretty quickly.  Some of the items can get pricey for a spot like this, but I think the food is great and everything I've seen ordered looks great!  My husband loves the multiple meat platter and though I am pretty picky about bbq and brisket, Jim n Nicks delivers the goods.  We'll be back!
4	Love the cheddar muffins prior to the meal.  Had the hot smokey wings as an app, very tasty but not much meat.  Also, a little spicier than I was expecting.  For dinner I had the half rack of baby back ribs, with macncheese and baked beans.  Both sides were incredibly delicious and the ribs were more than I could handle.  Really good food!  Service was a bit slow with drink refills.
4	"We are from Maryland and pulled up at 8:50PM, surprised to find a nearly empty restaurant. They are only open until 9 on Thursday, but were very welcoming and several parties were seated after us. The food was fresh, served at the correct temperature and my only complaint would be timing.  We were still eating our delicious wings when the rest of the food arrived. Each side dish gets it's own bowl or plate on the table.That was easy to forgive since we arrived so late.  Service was excellent even though they had cut the staff to one waitress and a server.  Nobody hovered to hurry our meal, but we offered to pay early so our waitress could close out her register.There were some tasty biscuits on the table fast and the iced tea was not watered down which made my husband happy.  The wings are served cooked in sauce, the usual  with choice of dressing.  Garden salads were wonderful.My husband had the pulled pork and was happy with it, but was just a little disappointed there was no cornbread or hushpuppies. I am used to baby back ribs, but decided to try the Spare Ribs for a change.  They  looked dry at a glance.  The meat is very dense and must be cut with a knife, but when I took a bite they were moist and tasty.  I would order them again when we are back in town. The waitress said the mac and cheese was "to die for" when I asked her if it was any good.  It was thick, baked, cheesy goodness and I am six feet under.  Good thing the creamed spinach got me a little "high" first.Jim 'n Nicks is on our list now.  Heck, now I have to start ordering Spare Ribs at all my favorite rib places back home.
5	First time there today. New favorite spot in Concord. Service was excellent! Every bite of food was excellent! Had the Baby back ribs and pulled pork plate, potato salad, beans, mac&Cheese, and fires. All Excellent!
4	When I pulled into the parking lot, I noticed a chimney with smoke coming out of it -- something you might expect to see in Lexington, NC, but unfortunately a less common sight in the Charlotte area.  On the way out, I saw a drive-through and an honest-to-goodness woodpile.  I've only been there once, and I'm wavering between a 4 and a 3.  It is a chain, but  the menu notes that they support local farms and the Southern Foodways Alliance.  I think it's really more of a 3, but among chains, I'll call it a 4.Complimentary cheese biscuits arrived shortly after I was seated, and they were good.  There's the same menu for both lunch and dinner.  I didn't see any smaller servings, but my waiter (Lori) suggested I get the pulled pork sandwich without the bun.  The meat came with sauce already on it, starting sweet and finishing peppery.  The pork was flavorful; interesting, as opposed to bland.  Lori had also suggested the mac and cheese as the side (the sandwiches come with one side, the plates with two), and that was also delicious (and filling).  I didn't really have room enough for more than a bite of dessert (banana pudding, coconut pie, etc), but I got a slice of "lemon icebox pie" to go: the lemon filling was richer than lemon meringue pie, and the crumbly crust had a pleasantly contrasting salty tinge (when a waiter had brought it out on a plate, the fork was chilled ... a nice touch).
4	Second time I have been here, good food, good service.  Both times have been satisfied with my meal.  Not an exciting review I know, but if you are hungry and want BBQ then you won't be disappointed.
4	If you are in the Concord Mills area and have a desire for "real" BBQ then pull on in to Jim and Nicks. The stacks of firewood clue you in as soon as you hit the parking lot. Being raised in the south I am as picky about my BBQ as my NY raised wife is about her pizza, and this is pretty darn good BBQ. I have only tried the pulled pork and ribs, but both made me happy and filled me up. Their sauces are great, but not really needed, the meat offers enough smoked flavor on it's own. All of the sides i have tried have been up to par as well. The mini cheese muffins are to die for, I could easily eat unhealthy amounts of those. Bottom line.....very good BBQ,almost as good as mine.....almost :)
4	Really good BBQ. Ordered the onion rings, which were made from scratch, as is everything in this joint.  That was a big reason I came here instead of the nearby Sonny's and Zaxby's.Had the ribs, some pulled chicken, and their hot links.  Ribs were really good.  They ran out of the regular ribs, and could only give the baby backs.  Couldn't even get to the links.Peach sangria good also.  This place closed early at 9:00.  Service very friendly.
4	If you want Brisket.. this is where it's at!  This is a great alternative to driving to a couple of other places that have amazing BBQ but are a little harder to get to.Everything here is made from scratch.  That means everything here is good!  Really good!!  All the sides are fresh, the meat is never anything but fall off the bone tender, and the service is top notch.  Jim and Nick obviously know what they're doing!As a strange side note, this place has the perfect ice.  I'm somewhat of an "ice expert", and am always on the lookout for the good stuff.  Crushed, soft ice, pellets, not cubes, are best!  This place has it and they're always happy to give me a cup of ice to go.  (Yes, i'm that fanatical about ice.)
5	Best BBQ pulled pork sandwich I have eaten! The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Nice atmosphere and great prices.  This is my new favorite Spot in NC!
2	I went here on a Thursday evening after running around all looking at new furniture. I decided to give it a try. My first thought the service was great. The waitess was outstanding. Well here is when things go downhill. I tried the doubledecker sandwich which is a sandwich with pork on the bottom and beff brisket on top. The meat was ok the bar-b-que sauce was just ok. The fries were cold stuck together. I have had better. Will I go back probably not. But again I think the staff was great.
4	BBQ purists know that chains are to be avoided, but for BBQ chains, Jim 'n Nicks does a pretty good job with tender and moist meat, good choices for proteins and really good sides.I chose the pulled pork, with mac & cheese and potato salad. The pork was nice and moist, but I did pour on some of their habanero table sauce and it had a good kick to it. The sides were excellent. I do love the bread rolls.Service was meh. Perhaps because we were sitting in the corner and it was tough to catch her eye.Still, it's all about the food and the food was good. Yep, I'm a fan.
4	I've been here twice and loved it both times.  Service is excellent.  The complimentary corn muffins are addictive. Ribs are good.  Not great (a bit dry) but good.  Sides are outstanding and the pies?  Lord have mercy!!!  They also have plenty of craft brews on tap.  Plus, the music is second to none: blues, new grass (heard two Avett Brothers tunes), and alt. country a-plenty.  What's not to love?
5	One of the BEST question around
4	The brisket and peach tea were to die for...An excellent choice. I encourage you to eat at Jim 'n Nicks.
4	The usual place I go to eat in the Concord Mills area was closed on Monday. There's not a lot of diversity in the area. The Mexican options are rather pallid and most everything else is American food, which I'm not exactly a fan. I do like barbecue - don't really crave it - but the Yelp reviews for Jim n Nick's were pretty good so I gave it a shot.I wasn't expecting much considering it's a chain but ended up being pleasantly surprised. Started off with the wings which were excellent. Only eight in the serving but they were huge meaty wings, nicely smoked. Would have like a little more celery and carrots with it but a minor quibble.Order the beef brisket platter and was really impressed by the meat. It was tender and juicy with nice smoke marks; I couldn't believe I was eating brisket. The potato salad was fresh; the green bell pepper bits were still crisp. Collard greens were perfectly cooked with nice chunks of pork for flavor. My husband got a platter with multiple items. I tried some of the sausage which was made in house and nicely flavored.  Also tried the pork butt and it was well smoked and juicy as well. All the meats used were of very high quality. I was not a fan of the barbecue sauce; even the habanero barbecue sauce tasted too sweet.The service was fabulous, we never waited for anything and the waitress had no  problems going to the kitchen to find out if certain items were gluten free. The venue itself was decorated in that contrived retro that seems to be so  popular with designers today. All in all I enjoyed my meal and would certainly come back.
4	A couple of years ago, when Bob Evans pulled another round of closings out of their hat (apparently they do this with some regularity), there were a number of properties in the area left out to dry. Most were in relatively decent locations, like this one just across from Concord Mills, situated nicely near several hotels - albeit down in a bit of a hole.After a good bit, the property was redeveloped into Jim 'n Nick's Bar-B-Q, and though it took a while, they did a nice job with the property. In fact, they are still working on it - just recently installing a nice sign out in front. Nothing fancy, just a brick base and lighted sign, but it's a nice touch.On the inside, the wood is welcoming, and the staff is always friendly. The menu is solid, and food is typically served up quickly. Generally they can handle parties of larger sizes with ease, which is nice in this area. The only downside is that the bill can be a little large, but that's not entirely unexpected. As a bonus you almost always have food to take home with you!
1	I am a big brisket fan, so I ordered the brisket platter. The portion was small but the flavor was even smaller or non-existant. The was absolutely no flavor other than the vinegar based sauce they used, which wasn't very good either. The brisket had no noticeable smoke ring and had smoke flavor. The brisket was dry and chewy except for the sauce. The onion ring were bland, nothing special. The menu said cold beer and they couldn't even get that right. Over-all I was highly disappointed. I was hoping to find some place closer to home than Mac's speed shop for good brisket but I guess I'll keep looking.
2	First time eating at Jim and Nick's.  Ordered a combo platter with 'pulled' chicken and brisket & side of collards and onion rings.  The Onion Rings were the best item on the plate.  Pulled chicken was like boiled chicken breast (unseasoned) with sauce on it. Would not recommend this tasteless dish.  Brisket was tender but Very salty.  How could you possibly ruin a dish of collards? --- There were more stems in the small dish than anything else. Husband ordered a pulled pork plate with potato salad and baked beans.  Pork was fine.  Sauce was already on the pork.......Would prefer a selection of sauces rather than already on the pork and one other sweet sauce that was on the table.  Potato Salad and baked beans were good.  The small cheese rolls were tasty but would like to have had hush puppies offered.  Our Waitress, Melanie was very good.  We would not recommend this restaurant and we would not return.
4	We have to be in the mood for BBQ. We were not disappointed. The portions were just right, not to much, but just the rite amount. We enjoyed the dinner and had 2 pieces of pie, one pecan and 1 coconut, the pecan was awesome but the coconut was just ok. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	This was my first visit. Woooooo! Where do I start! The parking lot is small and packed (that is usually a good sign). We only had to wait 5 mins. for a party of 4 for a booth. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the wings, and the sausage. The onion rings were hot, big and tasty. Now for the awesome list: The rolls, spare ribs, mac & cheese, mash potatoes with gravy, greens, fried green tomatoes, and the lemon ice pie! The potato salad was ok it needed some mustard. The fresh squeezed lemonade that's not too sweet was good. Our server Kristen was awesome! Both bathrooms were pretty clean. You know what they say about first impressions. We will be back! I think I just found my new rib joint!
4	Great Bar*B*Q, the charcoal smell from the parking lot just draws you in. Resistance is futile.
5	First-rate wings at carry-out!We order Jim 'n' Nick's Buffalo Wings about once each week or two and have done so for the past year.  That's a lot of wings at two orders per visit!  They are consistently great.  My elderly mom loves wings, so to please her, we have also traveled around and tried just about all the other suppliers in the area, including home-made.  Jim 'n' Nick's product is clearly better.  We couldn't even buy raw wings at the grocery store that were near as nice as the product Jim 'n' Nicks started with before all that yummy smoking. Their wings are bigger, plumper, and most importantly, are cooked by genuinely slow-smoking them in a barbeque oven so they have that deep, smoky, complex, non-fake flavor that only the real thing has.  Everybody else fries their wings, runs them through a pizza oven, or uses a plain ole oven with a result that cannot begin to compare.Jim 'n' Nick's' wings are available sauced hot or mild in an okay sauce.   We prefer the hot.  The smoked wings themselves are the stars.  They are served with nice raw celery and carrot sticks, and your choice of a yummy blue cheese (with chunks of blue cheese!) or ranch dip.   No extra charge for all this stuff.   Request a large container of dip and they supply it at no extra charge.  An order contains 8 pieces -- usually half drumettes and half flat pieces.  If you prefer all one or all the other, though, they will accommodate you if they can.  Specify what you want, though, because one night we went late, did not specify, and ended up with all drumettes.  The employees who serve us are cheerful, friendly, and sincerely try to get us whatever we want. At this point, they know us.  Clearly, this is a "Customer is always right" establishment.  Considering what you get, their price is a bargain.We will definitely keep going to Jim 'n' Nick's, even when we have to drive past plenty of competitors to get there.
5	They changed their portion size from 8 wings to your choice of either 5 or 25 wings per order.  It does create an excuse to order a lot more and share, since 5 wings are not quite enough for a meal.
5	My favorite barbecue in the Charlotte area.  Pulled pork has a really good flavor to it.  The side options are excellent as well, I really like the Mac N' Cheese.  The catfish sandwich was also delicious.  However, the best thing in my opinion is the cheddar biscuit/muffins.  They are amazing melt in your mouth good.  Service has always been great too. So far this is the best pulled pork barbecue I've had in the Charlotte area.  The brisket is good but I'd say Mac's Speed Shop is better if your a true brisket fan.  I prefer pulled pork however, so that's why I give it 5 stars.
3	Corn muffins were amazing and good service but nothing noteworthy here. I have traveled extensively throughout the south and always try to seek out new BBQ. Pork and ribs were good but not special. Sauces were unique but not something I wanted the recipe for. Sides were disappointing, green beans, mashed potatoes and barbecue beans in particular. Everything was over salted.
4	Great food and great service!  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the server was honest about the food choices to the point where we only ordered what he recommended.  I appreciate the honesty but if you don't believe in your product 100%, then I can't give you 5 stars.
5	I love to eat here on Sundays because that's the day they have chicken fried chicken with homemade white gravy. Everything in this restaurant (even though it's a chain) is scratch made. Their pies are fantastic too. Coconut custard was my favorite. BBQ is great and the Mac n cheese is divine. Try it!
4	Firstly why don't more restaurants have a drive thru?  After a long day at work sometimes i just wanna roll up to a window and order my food - but don't want fast food.  Enter Jim and Nicks.  Yes evidently this place is a chain, but you know what....I really like it despite the chain status.It isn't cheap, My dinner regularly is over the $20 mark for one person, but it's good food.  I've been to the drive up window probably 7 or 8 times.  The servers are always nice and helpful,  sometimes you have a bit of a wait, but never intolerable.  OK - onto the food.  It's good.  The collards are my fav, and the mac n cheese is awesome.  I usually stick to either brisket or bbq pork.  The protein servings are also generous.  I can split a brisket portion into two dinners actually.  Try the lemon pie.  It's divine.  The crust is awesome.  I can also split that up into two servings if I'm not feeling too piggy.I did take one star off b/c one of my first visits they forgot my pie.  So I got home, unpacked my dinner and saw no pie.  I called to complain, they were very apologetic, but said they could not credit me unless I came back in.  I declined - I mean I just wanted to get into my comfy clothes and eat some BBQ.
3	I organized a group to eat here and initially called ahead for 20. They already had tables ready for us when we arrived (15 minutes early), and the service was outstanding even as our group swelled to about 30 (all ordering entrees, drinks, etc.) as the evening progressed. Our primary server was Dana, and she was outstanding. The food was OK (I think most people were pleased, though my grilled chicken was extremely salty), and the price was a little on the high end for the atmosphere & food quality. I'd prefer Sticky Fingers or Texas Roadhouse (2 other nearby chain restaurants) over Jim n Nicks as better values (and with better food), but the quality of the service may bring me back to try the food again.
5	After having a bad experience at Sticky Fingers the other night, I returned to Jim N Nicks to fulfill my BBQ craving. Service was great, as always, as was the food. The pulled pork nachos are awesome. I also got the loaded baked potato and had a bite of my husband's ribs. Now these are some ribs, unlike the skinny ones I had at Sticky Fingers the other night. I was a little disappointed that they no longer serve creamed spinach, and that it is now creamed collards. I do not like collard greens, but my mom had them.There was not a point where we did not have food on the table. The nachos came out pretty quickly and our entrees started coming out as we were finishing them up. Our waitress apologized profusely for the delay in the cheese biscuits, but it really wasn't a problem for me. The manager also stopped by to see how we were doing and also apologized for the biscuits taking so long.. ??  I know they're great and all, but really, it's fine. Lol.You could see they had a great sense of teamwork there. If someone was walking by and saw an empty plate, they would grab it, or refill our drinks. That's something I can really appreciate. The pecan pie is amazing. I did not order any tonight, but when I do, I just get the whole pie. There is a manager who usually gives us a slice for free and sticks around to chat a little while. I was sad I didn't get to see him tonight.We don't come here often as I normally don't have that BBQ craving, but when I do, this is definitely my go-to place.
4	We had a full lunch spread delivered to our office to feed a group today.  Pulled pork, Mac & Cheese, beans, slaw, muffins, the works.  DELISH!  Everything was great, and  the M&C was especially so.  Creamy, cheesy goodness. I've never been to the restaurant, but the catering was great so I imagine the dine in experience will be too.  I'll need to check that out soon.
5	Simple review. Amazing service. Delicious drinks. Great flavor with everything (pulled pork, ribs, greens, Mac and cheese, ect.)Best biskets I've had. Highly recommended!!!
2	Arrived at 845, closes at 1000. Nowhere near busy. Hostess obviously wasn't happy to be at work. Waited 7ish minutes to have drink order taken by Emily. Waited 5 minutes for the drinks. Finally got our cornbread rolls, the best part, about 15 minutes into our visit....cold. Began hearing the next table over saying they were waiting on refills and the A1 sauce, originally forgotten by the server, was empty. Finished our teas, waited some more for refills. Food arrived fast and hot, at least the kitchen was on point. Didn't wait long for the check. Thanks Emily. Your service as horrible. Kitchen did awesome...minus the cold cornbread, which I'll blame on the server not checking her food service. No bueno Emily.
3	BBQ! I came here recently-ish (because my procrastination of writing reviews) with a date, and she recommended it. Not a bad recommendation may I add? I think I did the wrong thing to start off with though. Even though I must have to say, not trying to be cocky and all, but my picture of my dish looks pretty appetizing as I look back on it now.So, walking in the feeling I got was that it was a very country-esque...like a country bar or something like that with the country music blasting out in the corner etc. And well, of course as a yelper I rolled with it. As long as they served good BBQ. I have to say though it was alright for me, it was partially my fault though.I ordered the Fried Chicken with Gravy with a side of Fried Green Tomatoes. And well the results of what I ordered? Not really amazing. Honestly, I asked the waitress what the best dish of the restaurant was in her opinion. Something that defines the restaurant... and well she gave me the popular decisions and choices customers made and came back to eat it.In my opinion, I felt like it wasn't the right dish that I picked out of the choices. Of course, a souther staple, Fried Chicken has always been ruled in the south. However, this one to me wasn't it. In my opinion I felt like there was just way too much salt and it was dominated in the chicken. The gravy was a nice touch but it just didn't have enough of it to combat the saltiness of the chicken. Fried Green Tomatoes? The side was alright, the breading sort of just slid off and didn't really stay on the tomatoes. Which I guess is tricky. I didn't really finish the tomatoes as it got soggy and didn't have any taste.Service wise, as you could tell my waitress was extremely nice. She was helpful and told me the ins and outs of the place. Sometimes the first time at a restaurant it's helpful to see what the restaurant is known for, and I do this frequently. Overall, Jim 'n Nick's wasn't bad! Particularly since my waiter was amazing in helping me choose. Unfortunately, I chose wrong, but I didn't know that it wasn't going to be hard to eat. I'll defintely be back if I get the chance and try out some other BBQ dishes, just not the fried chicken.
5	Phenomenal. The cheddar biscuits are the best and can cause fights at the dinner table. Bbq done to perfection.
5	What a great place to grab some great southern BBQ!  You can easily get to this off of I-85 exit 49, few lights down and your there.There service is fast and very friendly.  They are very accommodating for groups and can handle it in a timely manor. Place is very clean and will put together for a BBQ place.I got the Carolina-Style Pork is to great, you get plenty of food to fill your belly.  They serve you these awesome Cheese Biscuits which are addicting. There side seem to be home-style and very good, I had the Mac & Cheese and Mash Potatoes which were very good! They do offer a Kids menu with a good selection of options for the kids. There was a Lil Piggie in the Garden salad on the kids menu, which is hard to find. If my niece was with me she would have love it. If you don't like BBQ, no worries they have Hamburgers/Cheeseburgers, Catfish Sandwich, Grilled Chicken Sandwich and even a Pimento Cheese Sandwich, bottom line good selection of Food!! They offer reasonable prices, friendly staff and fast delicious meals!
5	Ohmygosh!!! This place was AWESOME! My daughter & I found it on Yelp while traveling home from a local concert & were not disappointed! The staff was super friendly, the service was quick & the good was homemade perfection. It was a busy Sunday afternoon, but they were turning over tables efficiently. Our waitress suggested the deviled eggs, pulled pork and smoked chicken. They were very good. The collards were too spicy, but she exchanged them for black-eyed peas which were fine. Try the banana pudding if you have room left :)
3	The service was great and the food was decent. Liked the smoked sausage, the ribs were ok.
5	Worked with Meghan Welter for catering my event and she did a great job!!!!!!  You can't go wrong with Their BBQ and Meghan will take care of all your needs
5	Great sides made daily. The creamed collards are the kind of great that makes you eat them slowly and sad when their gone. Try the brisket.
5	The food was awesome,  really,  really good. I had the pulled pork sandwich,  mac & cheese, OMG the cheese biscuits,  collards yum!
5	OMG!!!  Absolutely the best Carolina BBQ I've ever eaten. I'm usually hesitant to try new BBQ places but this one takes the tops. The cream collards and macaroni cheese is awesome as well.
2	Gonna make this short. The food sucks. Can't believe this place exist in the land of Lexington style BBQ. Server was nice. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars.
5	This place is awesome.  In Charlotte for vacation so trying different places to eat. Got the deluxe combo with 3 meats to try most of the their BBQ meat and it did not disappoint. The slow-cooked collards and the baked beans that came with my combo were outstanding. Also had the fried green tomatoes and it was one of the best I've ever tried.Our server, Tosha, was really friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back here when I'm in the area again.
5	Service here is great and the food comes out exceptionally fast- sometimes so fast that there's not even enough time to enjoy the free cheese biscuits. Smoked meats always come out tender, juicy, and delicious. I'd especially recommend the chicken, which is possibly the most tender chicken I've ever had. Side dishes are generally good as well, especially the mac and cheese and green beans.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Charlotte for a concert and stopped at Jim n Nick's to try some BBQ. Overall, quick service and good food! I will go back when I'm in town again.We went before the dinner rush, so we were quickly seated and our server got us our drinks shortly after. We got the Deviled Eggs (3 pc) DELICIOUS!! We didn't wait to over eat before the concert, so we shared a Half Baby Back Ribs with fries & colesaw. We were in and out of the restaurant within 30 minutes! Great efficiency and food! :)
4	Spare ribs are a bit over cooled and I'm not getting a lot of smoke flavor.Pulled pork is good but want more bark.Like the brisket just wish it wasn't sauced already. Collards are good! So is mac n cheese.
2	This review is based solely on the staff experience and not the food. Our food hasn't arrived yet but I'm not waiting. We came in and sat at the bar. We were here about seven minutes watching everyone watch us or rather ignore us. I spoke up and someone went to fetch the bartender. She seemed nice enough and got on us right away. I gather she was doing side work out of sight thinking the staff would alert her if anyone sat down at the bar. Not so. The staff here has a depressed demeanor about then and it shows on their faces. No smile just a worn down countenance.  What struck me is before I sat down I washed up in the restroom. The waste basket was overflowing with paper towels. Ok it was right after lunch on Sunday I'll give them that. However, three employees used that restroom after me and none on them bothered to spend the ten seconds needed to pick up around the wast basket and straighten up. So it appears that everyone I can see has a "not my job" attitude. Shame really, I've always enjoyed J&N's in other cities. Lunch done and it was fine, but staff here makes it a bummer in spite of tasty food.
4	Great food, fast service, and more than you can eat! A  little pricey but worth it, the brisket is amazing!
5	5 stars. Automatic 3 stars for real smoke. Another star for the cheese biscuits. Ridic. Another star for the variety of meats and the signature twist on the Carolina pulled pork.The manager, Gene, has a great spirit, made me feel very welcome when I passed through on I-85 and ate my face off one night traveling up to NYC.
4	NC BBQ! In an area filled with chains, I didn't have high hopes when walking into this place.  It was recommended by a coworker, so I wandered on in. The decor is rustic and cozy. I definitely felt at home. The service was extremely friendly and very helpful. Good suggestions.I had the pork in the forest.  So some variation of the name. Think salad with mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumber,  nuts, and a big pile a NC pulled pork. A mound right there in the middle of the salad... oh, and the whole salad is sprinkled with bacon!! Loved it!  You get your choice of dressing. I was full, especially since they bring out these amazing biscuits!! Small little bite size things. I could eat a whole basket...And then dessert. An assortment of pies. Pecan pie. Peanut butter pie. Lemon pie. Oh so good....
4	Came with a group of friends and all of us left full and happy! Staff was great and the food was exactly what you would expect from a southern BBQ joint - and that's a good thing! We were too stuffed to try the pie, but would happily come back and try to save some room.
1	My wife and I had lunch there today and I had the beef brisket and my wife had the baby back ribs. We were very disappointed in both dishes because the ribs were very dry, tough, and no flavor. Both of us love baby back ribs and these were the worse we have had. The Brisket was the same way dry and no flavor. Our server did not give us any napkins and we had to ask for tableware and napkins. We will not eat here again due to poor tough meats and high priced for what we ordered.
5	I eat a lot of bbq. .. This place is amazing. If your thinking of going somewhere else forget it.. brisket amazing. Service great. Pork mac and cheese. just go here and be happy
3	Simply put, Jim n Nicks is the Applebees of BBQ. That is the best description I can give. Its that exact level of quality and taste. I am surprised that BBQ of this caliber would get such high ratings in NC which has some of the best barbecue in the entire USA.The waitress started off by telling us that their biscuits were to die for. After tasting their cheese biscuits I was super disappointed. This place is nothing compared to Red Lobster cheese biscuits and they were very bland.My mom and I both got BBQ. My mom was completely underwhelmed by the pulled pork. It tasted like Lloyds. I was very disappointed with the brisket. It was really poor quality meat and tasted like it hadn't been smoked or slow cooked. The potato salad was average as were the other sides. They have great blue cheese dressing.It wasn't that great and we weren't content with what we got for the price. I wouldn't go back. However, it is an average choice if you're looking for a Ruby Tuesday's type meal or if you haven't experienced authentic BBQ.
5	Simple review: if you want BBQ in Concord, this is the place. Period. Even the sides (Mac and cheese, cole slaw, etc) are off the chain. Good beer and liquor selection.
2	The food would have gotten 4-5 stars alone. This is a great little spot by the mall for food that is different than the run of the mill chains.  Our server was awful. I finished my one drink and she never came back to ask me for a refill. Also, while I had food on my plate and as I was chewing, she asked if I needed a to go box. While I noticed many open tables I am very sorry I was taking up space. Still eating and no drink refill my check was brought to the table.  I tried to make eye contact in hopes of maybe a glass of water at the least. She stood by the server's station just looking at me.  Food worth $30 for lunch? Absolutely. Being treated poorly, however, isn't worth another dime from my pocket.
3	Friendly service.  Meat smoked on site, very smoky meat, but a bit boring.  Moist and tender, but I felt the strong smoking drowned out natural flavor of brisket and chicken.
1	Ive eaten at your location since you arrived in the Concord area.   I will never eat there again.   Your mgr Matt,  hung out at the bar socializing never to check on the the guests on the floor.  When he finally decided to come to out table,  he no concern or care about our experience.   He continued like a robot giving us a book answer over and over and never let us speak.   Never had a problem with any other mgr or staff.   I will never return because of this mgr. They need to keep him in the back where he does not need to interact with the public.
5	I wish I could give 10 stars!  Best mac and cheese!  Bisquits are wonderful!   The Alabama white sauce with the chicken is spot on!  A bit pricey compared to other bbque places but well worth it!  Service was great, the order was correct, came out quick , and the server was attentive without hovering.
