4	This store is on near Avondale Blvd. not on near Litchfield. I found out that Fresh & Easy carries similar items like Trader Joe's. Banana is 19 cents a piece.  Since nearest Trader Joe's is 22 miles away from Avondale, I shop at Fresh and Easy more often.  I like their fresh produce.  I buy pizza dough, tofu, flour tortillas, feta cheese since they are cheaper than other stores.  And I always check mark down items like breads, fruits and veges.  With this economy we all have to stretch our money.
5	I have been shopping at this Fresh & Easy for months.  I love the place.  It is clean, cheap, and everything is fresh.  From the flowers, to the fruits, and to the vegetables.  The staff is always so friendly and helpful.  The location is so close it is nice.
5	Green Produce What? Fresh Meat you say? Huh? Cheap Prices and Unique Items? What are you talking about?  Oh I know I'm talking about Fresh and Easy!  This place rules.  They have 98 cent specials everyday on good products.  I always stock up on celery and green bell peppers every time I go.  They always have the best meats.  If you want a steak and want to blow your family away with flavor go here right before you grill and you will be shocked at the difference between how the meat taste here vs the supermarket.  I regularly pick up whole chickens for about 3 bucks and roast them.  They also have their own brand of foods which I wont lie are very very good quality.  I'm not a big fan of their pre-made foods but I do love their prices on things from Nutella to breads and desserts.  This is the perfect place to get just what you need. You can easly fill up a shopping cart in under half an hour!.  So its the way to go for after work shopping.There wine selection is great too.  You can get pretty nice quality wines for under 5 bucks.  Why break the bank.  You think your a wine snob?  Well hide your pride and pick up 4 bottles for under 20.  Whats cool is they also adjust their prices to try and match or beat other supermarkets.My favorite things hereHummusBread GoodsDessertsVegetablesWinePricesGive Fresh and Easy a Chance!
5	This is the way of the future.  Love the easy part... easy to park - easy to navigate through the store.  Your not overwhelmed with giant stores, walking miles to shop, signs blinking in your face.  Fresh - is the best - everything is great.  They have a 50% aisle, which is where I always head when I walk in.  The  problem is a lot of people have figure out the 50% aisle also :(  It is eco-friendly, low-maintence store, low impact on our world, little waste.  Great for a couple who wants great quality food without the price.  Easy to pack up for lunch and off you go - Fresh and Easy!Things I love there are:HummusOrganic chipsArtichoke tapanade.50% Aisle Safeway and Fry's - sorry you lost my dollars to Fresh and Easy!P.S. - How about some Non-Gluten Breads?
5	This is MY neighborhood market. Actually, it's on the way to my neighborhood, which is why I love stopping here on my way home from work. Hop off the I-10 at Avondale, and hit Fresh & Easy before heading home to Estrella. Fresh & Easy used to be my go-to for grabbing a quick lunch or dinner item or a bottle of wine for a gathering, but I recently discovered that they have great deals on the cereal my kids love. Also, I love their organic peanut butter.
4	Ok so I'm an out towner just moving here from the East Coast, so that is to say I had no idea what a fresh and easy was.. I was thinking it was more cheap and sleazy.  So on the way home I stop there and yeah, I'm a big girl .. I can admit it I was wrong.  It was so clean fresh and easy! Lets talk about the prices! I mean you can get a gallon of milk for $1.98... that's right $1.98 b*tches!  (yep! I'm a cheap a**) where can you beat that.. that you actually want to shop at? Yes, I see people all day long; I am totally okay without check out person or some annoying twit asking me how can they help me (when I know they really just want me to go away).  When I needed help there a perfectly capable young guy there to assist; I heart self checkout.  I haven't tried the pre-packaged food yet, but when i do you'll hear about it ..   overall two thumbs up to Fresh & Easy.
5	I love this place and look forward to grocery shopping here whenever I can.  Things I like:   Their prices, the produce, all of their Fresh and Easy brand products and other things I'm used to and love.   Great quality products that I love at the prices that I love.
4	I enjoy going to Fresh and Easy. It' a no frills grocery store where you can get what you need. I get my pork chops here and they are always good quality along with everything else. If in a dinner crunch and not wanting fast or frozen food go to Fresh and Easy and pick up one of their semi-prepared meals. Pop it in the microwave and you have a quick good meal!
4	Love their coupons and produce prices. Good stop if you need a quick meal.
5	Not all Supermarkets are created equal, and not all Fresh & Easy locations are the same. This one has been extremely helpful due to its close proximity to our house and their staff. The staff are friendly and the store has always been stocked, had fresh food and been well cleaned.
5	This is a month late. Well, I love this Fresh and Easy. The workers, products, and the cleanliness. I like doing my own checking out too. Well, I had a coupon problem with a new one that came out online. Buy one get one Artisan bread. It would not go through. So one of the guys helped me and he could not get it to work. So he had one of the managers' (I believe it was Mike.) help me and he asked me where I got the coupon and told him online. He said they hadn't had the shipment in for that coupon yet, but he gave me the deal anyways. On top of that, he gave me back the coupon to use again on my next visit! How awesome is that?
5	Have I mentioned that I love this place?  It is always clean, friendly employees, and fresh foods.  I am writing a review again because we came here the day before Thanksgiving to pick up goodies to bring to the in-laws.  I saw flowers that were a great center piece, so I got them.  Guess what?  I paid for all my goodies and left the flowers on the bagging area.  I got home unpacked, had dinner, getting ready for bed, and thought about where did I put the flowers.  I searched the car, garage, the house, and no flowers.  We went back on Thanksgiving morning to see we can get the same flowers or another bunch.  They were so nice and let us get any flowers at the same price.  Awesome!
5	First of all, the address is incorrect. It should be 11575 W Van Buren St, Avondale, which is in the corner of Van Buren and Avondale Blvd.And secondly, we LOVE this store. So convenient; fast to go in and out, clean, organized, good prices, and fabulous when you need to cook dinner in a flash.
4	Love this place! So convenient and I always find something new to try!!This is my go-to place when I am in a rush for something to cook up for dinner!  They have great prices on produce and meat.  I love the pumpkin bagels when they have them.  Very clean and the staff is always friendly.  Plus, every time I shop here and spend more than $20 I earn money for my school.  Their store brand salsas are delicious with their lime flavored chips.
4	Quick, good meal options, and nice snack selectionF&E is a few blocks away from my work.  It's a reliable, clean store for quick food options.  Vegetable selection is minimal, but they have a super array of pre-made meal options.  Snack aisle is also superior-- mochi ice cream, UK chocolate, some high-end desserts, and a mix of rare beverage options.Checkout is fast self-service and the couple staff members are very nice.
4	This place is great. Highly recommend it. I had one problem with a pre made pesto dish. The sell by date was definitely wrong. I spit it out and brought it back. They refunded me cash (even though I payed by card). AND apologized! What business apologizes now a days? Crap happens,  I understand that. Good customer service brings me back.
4	So easy to get in and out
