3	Over the years, Al-Taib has expanded beyond belief. Hitting every corner of the Concordia Quarter, they've done quite well for themselves! However, with their success, they have lost much quality in their output. Not only have prices risen dramatically due to popularity, but they don't seem to care very much about the quality of the service and food. I've lived in the area for about 23 years, and have seen and experienced the drastic changes take place.The service comes off dull and there isn't much 'friendliness' in the factor; now sure, their job requirements don't include becoming buddy-buddy with customers, however, minimal effort to be friendly and accommodating would at least make the experience more enjoyable. They always seem to be talking amongst themselves and respond monotonously to the customer's order. On rare occasion though, you'll get a more 'focused' server.As far as mana'eesh goes, I'd recommend: Feta, Zaatar, Cheese, half Zaatar/Cheese, or the Lahme B'ajine. Adding toppings will cost you extra, but a few of them are good, such as: Mint, Olives, Turnips, or Tomatoes. The food quality is not bad, it tastes good when fresh, but sometimes the dough can come out real thick, original toppings may be scarce, added toppings may not be the most fresh, and other times your pizza or mana'eesh will be dripping in oil... Nowadays, I'd rather go elsewhere and get something better that costs less too.
5	This is pretty much the only food I really miss in Montreal. Zaatar sandwiches, all the food @ Al Taib Grillades... all that is soooo good
4	Al-Taib have four locations within a block of Concordia's downtown campus, and this is pound-for-pound the best on of the lot. Excellent, flavourful pies for next to nothing. Perfect for grabbing a bite to each during your class break.
5	This place has defined my drunk nights while I was in university. Their pizza is a wonderful thing.... even now when I return (not as drunk) I still enjoy some Al Taib. While not the best middle eastern food (I would recommend Boustan for that - just a block away) - but their pizza is unique. They got an express location as well that serves faster - this is more the sit-down place. Excellent stuff!
