4	I had the enchilada's with red sauce which was great.  The staff was very polite.  I received my food in a timely matter.  I would recommend this place if you have any appetite for Mexican food.  Also, they have a lot of Mexican beers you normally don't see in a restaurant.  Gotta love Pacifico!
3	We were greeted warmly upon entering, good start.  Seated, then waited about 20 minutes until someone asked if we'd seen a waiter, thumbs down on that one.  I ordered a house Margarita on the rocks which tasted mostly of Margarita mix (no hint of alcohol) and was about 90% ice.  Won't do that again.  We shared the Family Style for Two chicken enchiladas, which came with a variety of sauces for our pleasure, all this was quite good.  Then my wife found a small bone in her chicken, not good.  And the menu has very little to choose from, something rare to see these days.       So we'd go back again (if we had a coupon) only because there were some enjoyable parts to the visit, but too many negatives for us to make it a regular haunt.
3	Good little place to grab a bite. Too bad the 'town square' it's located in is just one street. The rest is empty lots and dirt. Economy of course...what can you do. Service was good, staff friendly. Chips, salsa and bean dip, gratis of course. Had one good salsa, decent flavor. Me and my girlfriend shared the carnitas for 2 and let me say this, you could probably feed 4 people with this bad boy. Huge! Meat was good, not greasy like the carnitas at another local place ~cough~ macayos ~cough~ Rice was typical, nothing really too special, beans were good. Overall good, nothing to crazy spectacular.
5	I am from So. Cal...  just minutes from the border and I grew up on Mexican food.  Leticia's is awesome!  Incredible food... great atmosphere.... awesome service.... and the friendliest staff!  I love this place and we eat there weekly!  The green sauce is the best I have ever had!  We even had Letcia's cater our Christmas meal!
5	The very best, authentic, home-style Mexican food you can buy , and that is only because grandma doesn't charge. Excellent service, great easy atmosphere, and very interactive, on site owners. Well worth a drive. Be hungry when you go. You will leave satisfied.
4	Very good home made tasting mexican food.  Here is the deal I have been here three times, 2 times it was great and once it was lousy.  The sauces they make for enchiladas and such are incredible, I had the chicken mole enchiladas and they were amazing.  I have also tried all kinds of dishes of others and they were all good.  The bad experience I had was the time I went with some real picky eaters, we had all kinds of special requests and the waiter was rude and basically said that they couldn't figure it out.  Then the meal came completely wrong (surprise).  Also on another occasion a guest got carnitas and it was just big chunks of fat (and I eat carnitas all the time).  They do have a deal on fridays I think when you can get 1.50 street style tacos and they are awesome.If looking for mexican in vegas try this spot and also Via Mercados, both are worth trying.
3	The burros were in alignment as we happened upon this joint one Sunday morning.  Not intending to do a brunch but just had to try the Mexican Brunch menu.$8.99 for all you can eat ala carte with a fruit and yogurt bar.  Eggs and Carne asada were good as were the potatoes.  Wife had the Huevos Rancheros which were decent.  Portions were a little small but that might have been because they were served on huge plates.After our first plates the waiter came back around to take another order but we were stuffed by then.  Service could be a little quicker but over all it was ok.Will definitely be back.
5	This place is excellent! We had friends visiting from out of town and we decided to try out Leticia's, as we were all craving Mexican food. This place did not disappoint. There were nine of us. Despite the fact that they were very busy, we were able to be seated after only a short wait. The staff was terrific. They were friendly and attentive. Not only did our server make sure our needs were met but two other gentelmen came over to make sure everything was to our liking. I spilled my iced tea and someone was at my side as soon as it happened, helping to wipe up the mess. She was really nice about it and within 60 seconds, it was cleaned up and I had a fresh glass of tea. It was as if it had never happened. We were there on their karaoke night and that was a lot of fun. We've decided that we'll always try to go there on karaoke night. Most importantly, the food was delicious. The portions were just right and everything tasted perfect. I'm really excited that we finally tried this place. We're from out of state and there is a Mexican restaurant back home that I miss all the time. This place totally helps fill that void.
5	By far the best Mexican food in all of las vegas. Authentic, fresh, even healthy!  I have no idea what the bad reviews are talking about maybe they need more taco bell and yellow cheese. But Leticia nailed it! Try the rib eye steak it is cooked to perfection! The guacamole is so fresh, the side salad is so alive and the margaritas are so happy!
2	Not a great place for the kids. Limited menu for them and nothing American kiddie food like other Mexican places.. My oldest tried an appetizer instead Mexican sliders on a bun... Gross. She didn't touch it an neither did my husband or I. I had the carnitas and they were OK. Nothing to rave about. Service was OK and they weren't even busy. I think Roberto's down the street taste way better for a fraction of the price.
3	We went to this place when they first opened and felt they had a very limited menu. We decided to go back and give it another try. While the food was tasty, the special on Friday was the Sopa de Marisco ( a seafood soup). The amount of seafood in it was a joke. A few shells and a couple of shrimp, 3 crab leg halves....I would of expected more for 14.95. It comes with a small piece of bread as well. The service was good and the food came out very quickly.
5	Try the Mexican Roasted Corn, it's DEEEE-Family karaoke on Fridays & Tuesdays! :)
5	I  love Leticia's! Great Mexican joint just minutes from my house. Tasty chips and salsa, delicious margaritas, and nice bar area.   So many menu items to choose from. I still have to get there for the karaoke and weekend brunch, but really looking forward to it!
4	Great locally owned restaurant with a great staff.  The menu goes on for days, but that's a good thing and the price is the best I've seen for the high quality you receive.  We used to go all the way across town to Toto's for our food, but I have no problem saving the gas and stopping by this hidden gem.
2	Tried this place after the owners came to the YMCA community fair with free watermelon drink and chips and salsa samples. I will give any business who takes the time to support our community a spin. We went as a family and found the food of average quality for the price. The wait staff was attentive but the kitchen was slow. Then the karaoke started up and we just wanted to eat as quick as possible and leave. On a summer night starting the amateur songbirds at 8 sharp when families are still dining together felt chaotic. This place is close to our house so we will give it another spin when it is not karaoke night. Perhaps on a a Tuesday when I can't help but smell the fajitas they make on the patio when I drive by.
5	Great service and good food. Drinks are made strong, worth the money. Fluffy cheesecake is the best!!!
5	We went on the recommendation of some friends and Im glad we did.  The food was delicious, large portions and at a great price.  Even on a Saturday night the service was friendly and fast.I was a little worried when they told us they had karaoke going on, but we sat on the left side and it was no louder than some background music at many restaurants.Really have nothing bad to say about the place.
4	Great food and great service!  Their mexican corn on the cob is off the hook!
5	Leticia's by far is the very best Mexican Restaurant in the valley.  My husband and I have lived here for 16 years with nine being in Green Valley.  This is right in our neighborhood and the entire staff makes you feel like you came to dine with relatives.  The food is not only the best Mexican food but the best home-cooked restaurant in town.  The Cadillac Margarita is awesome!!!! Go, enjoy, you will leave being a happy soul!
4	This is one of the only good restaurants in it's neighborhood, so weekend nights are standing room only in the lobby. The food is very good. The beans are a little sweet, which is odd, but not bad.  They have this cheesy rice casserole with mild (poblano?) chiles that is really tasty. I always get the same thing - the chile relleno with cheese (not beef) and it is great. I have probably been here at least 10 times, and only had an issue once. I'd call that a good run.
5	This place is excellent! We had friends visiting from out of town and we decided to try out Leticia's, as we were all craving Mexican food. This place did not disappoint. There were nine of us. Despite the fact that they were very busy, we were able to be seated after only a short wait. The staff was terrific. They were friendly and attentive. Not only did our server make sure our needs were met but two other gentelmen came over to make sure everything was to our liking. I spilled my iced tea and someone was at my side as soon as it happened, helping to wipe up the mess. She was really nice about it and within 60 seconds, it was cleaned up and I had a fresh glass of tea. It was as if it had never happened. We were there on their karaoke night and that was a lot of fun. We've decided that we'll always try to go there on karaoke night. Most importantly, the food was delicious. The portions were just right and everything tasted perfect. I'm really excited that we finally tried this place. We're from out of state and there is a Mexican restaurant back home that I miss all the time. This place totally helps fill that void.
3	After reading many reviews of this place, I decided to stop by here for lunch and try it for myself.  I was please to see how nice the decor of the restaurant was.  There are two dining room areas and bar seating.  The owner, Leticia, greeted me and asked me if I wanted a table or sit at the bar.  Since i was eating alone, I saddled up to the bar and ordered from the Bartender.  I decided on the Nachos and a Raspberry Iced Tea to wash it down.  While I was waiting for my order a server brought out complimentary Chips, Beans, and Salsa.  In Vegas, it's rare to get Beans with the comp Chips/Salsa....also, there were two Salsas.....a Chipotle based Salsa and an Avocado/Cilantro based Salsa.....it was excellent!A few minutes later my Nachos came out.  They were covered in Cheese and had two small portions of Sour Cream & Guacamole on top...certainly not enough for the entire dish.  The Nachos has a lot of potential....the Chips were fresh, all of the ingredients tasted very good....but the proportions were all messed up.  Too much Cheese, not enough Sour Cream/Guacamole/Pico de Gallo.....just the right amount of Beans & Jalapenos.  The Cheese was melted just right, but with some bites it overwhelmed the dish.  A lot of potential here...Overall, I enjoyed the meal and loved the friendly service and active owner who cares about her restaurant.Will I return?  I want to come back with my family and try a few more dishes.
5	Great place for dinner...  Nice setting and friendly staff!  The food came within five minutes of ordering and it was phenomonal!
3	I'd say more like 3.5 stars.We tried this place for the first time Friday night.  I am always happy when a restaurant opens up here in Centennial.  Now let's just hope it can STAY open!There were good things about Leticia's and a few not-so-good things. THE GOODOur chips and salsa and waters were brought to our table right away... like within 3 minutes of sitting down.  I like that.  The chips weren't anything special by any means, but both types of salsa were very flavorful.  I especially liked the chipotle based one.The menu had a lot of variety, lots of things I would have liked to try.  It was hard to decide what I'd try first.The prices were very reasonable for big portions.My shrimp tacos were excellent.  (The rice that came with them was a different story, but more on that below.)I'm embarrassed to admit that we ate through a whole basket of chips and a whole cup of that chipotle salsa.... but happy to say that we didn't even have to ask.... they just brought us more as soon as we were done.The service staff seems to work very well together.  They seemed on top of things everywhere we looked, and were definitely good to us.THE BADMy husband's seafood enchiladas were definitely "meh."  Very bland tasting, with more of a pasta-type sauce on top.  But even more bland was the rice that came with my shrimp tacos.  UGH that was some nasty, dry, tasteless stuff!Our desserts were very fairly priced, but just kinda "meh" too.  He got the fried ice cream, which had a kind of stale-tasting shell around the ice cream.  I had the sopapillas, which were ok.  I mean it's just fried dough with some cinammon and sugar.... there's not a whole lot you can do with that ... but I have had better.If I were going with my kids, this would be up in the "good" section, but because we were out on "date night," I'll put this here.  This place is VERY much a family restaurant.  Like I said, that can be a GOOD thing if you have kids... and I would definitely think of taking my daughter here ... but if you're going for a date night type atmosphere, I wouldn't choose this place.  There were LOTS of kids... pretty noisy.  And I'm apparently in the minority here since it seems that every restaurant is doing this now.... but I don't understand why there has to be TVs playing sports on every wall.  At a sports bar/pub?  Yes.  At a Mexican Cocina?  I don't get it.  All-in-all we liked our experience there pretty much.  I won't be rushing back, but I wouldn't mind going again to try some other stuff.
4	My girlfriend and I had a great experience here.  We had a coupon for this place so decided to try it out.Good:chips and drinks out right away. Some reviewers say the chips are nothing special but they were delicious. Just salty enough and a little thicker than the standard chips. The salsas were pretty good but the bean dip stood out the most. We also ordered a small guac which was huge and it was so good. You can get a side of jalepenos to mix in yourself. The horchata was super fresh tasting if you like that. I personally like the less authentic manufactured ones but this was also good. The service here is great. Our server actually recommended the smaller guac when we were gonna order the large. Bad: The rice and beans were not that good, which is the case at most Mexican places. I've had authentic rice and beans an leticias dry flavorless rice was pretty bad. The beans tasted no different from canned retried beans. While we both enjoyed our entrees, thy were nothing special. I had the fish tacos. The sauce was good but the fish did not taste good. There was too much lettuce and cheese. My girlfriend had beef tamales. Everything was good but the enchilada style sauce. Overall we enjoyed this place and look forward to go back to try other menu items.
5	I got a Groupon for this place and we decided to try it last night. YUM! We had the Shrimp Cocktail, Seafood Empanadas and the Fish Tacos. The food was excellent. Flavorful and Fresh (Although I didn't eat my rice and beans, so I can't say if they are good or not. My experience with rice and beans is my friends Mexican mother makes the only really good authentic ones.) The service we had was great, the Margaritas were excellent and decently priced. Overall I really good experience. I would definitely come back.
5	Loved this place! Food, ambiance, and service.  I'm originally from orange county in Cali. And had been looking for a good Mexican place and thanx to yelp... atlast, a delicious and pleasant place to eat at.  If you love spicy food... I highly recommend the " habanero salsa!!!"
5	We were recently visiting Las Vegas for a conference. We drove up to Mount Charleston sight-seeing and decided to check Yelp for food in the area. We're so glad we found this restaurant!! It was so delicious, and the service was so very friendly and nice.I chose beef fajitas. They were quite tasty, and I really enjoyed the zucchini and mushrooms that were included in the vegetable mix. At the end of the meal, one of the owners thanked us for coming in, and we mentioned we were from Nashville. He then had Leticia come over to meet us. They both seemed genuinely pleased to have visitors from so far away. Leticia then surprised us with a free serving of flan to share. It was so completely wonderful--the perfect consistency and taste! Delicious!! I've never felt so welcomed in a place. I look forward to visiting again. It's definitely worth the drive from the Las Vegas strip.
3	Dislikes: greasy food. i mean, GREASY. running fat all over the place. is it how mexican food is usually like? you tell me. but i am not a fan of the food.  Likes: refills for lattes!! NICE.
5	In Vegas visiting Family not too far from Leticia's, they said its always busy but had not been in to try it yet.  We hit the strip for the day and came back to their pad badly needing takeout so decided to try it.  We ordered a family patter for 4 and went to pick it up after 20 minutes. We choose Carnitas and Carne Asada from a list of typical favorites (Enchiladas, Taquitos, Tostadas, Chile Relleno, Carne Asada, Carnitas, Flautas, Burrito)it was all hot and packed up neatly in aluminium catering trays, the meal included plentiful helps of each:Carnitas, Carne Asada, tortillas, Rice, Beans, Chips, Guacamole, Pico, and two types salsa. All of the food It was outstanding!  Great flavor and all the fixens to go with it.  Plenty of left overs for the next day, we will definitely make it a must stop next time we are in town. Thanks for the great dinner!
4	Good food. I had the street tacos. They look small but they fill you up good. I asked for the hottest sauce they had and they waiter told me you have to ask for it cause they won't bring it out unless you ask. It lived up to how hot he told me it would be and he said it's made from scratch. Like this place gonna go back soon.
5	Even though we had to wait for an hour to eat, we came with a group of 8 without reservations...so that's obviously not their problem. It was worth the wait! Chips with a variety of salsas, awesome margaritas, build-your-own burritos, and a friendly, attentive waitress made for a really enjoyable night. Even the hostesses were great. We chatted with them while waiting for a table. We love this place and are even happier it's in Centennial!
4	Very friendly and very tasty. Worth the trip . And it's nice to have a nice restaurant up here 95 & Durango for a change!
5	What can I say?  I love everything about this place.  We travel 20 miles to get here, passing several Mexican restaurants on the way.  The service has always been good, with chips/salsas arriving at our table when we sit.  Our water glasses never have a chance to get empty.  I have tried the chili relleno... a nice sized Anaheim chili filled with what looks to be jack cheese.  Very tasty.  The seafood enchiladas are to die for.  They are smothered in a sauce that makes you want to lick the plate.  Friends have had fajitas and like the fresh vegetables.  Food is always very fresh tasting and has so much flavor.   Prices are very reasonable.  Mixed drinks are good; a great margarita!  The staff is very attentive and friendly.  Don't miss Leticia's.  It is worth the drive.
4	Even though it's in our neighborhood, it's just one of those places that we have somehow passed up. We thought it was a rather odd/dead area to make a restaurant, but when we walked in it was rather bumping. They brought over the chips and dips and it wasn't a afterthought. The chips were warm and they included a chipotle salsa, a smaller spicier green salsa and warm refried beans. Now, I never get my combo plates with beans because most disappoint me so I get all rice. As we were waiting and I took a bite of the beans it's the closest to my abuelas I've gotten. I don't any beans but hers because hers has a porky flavor from the lard and the bones she cooked the beans with. I started to ignore the salsa and I was eating the beans which really surprised my BF since he hasn't seen me touch refried beans the whole time we're together. I ordered a horchata ($3) to drink and it was worth noting how it's different from a soda dispenser taco shop mix. It is much creamier and you can see large pieces of fresh spices in it. For my entree I got the chile verde with all rice and corn tortillas ($10.89). The sauce had some kick to it and it had potatoes in it which I've never had before. The pork was very soft and juicy. BF got enchiladas and got one carnitas one with chile verde sauce and one cheese with mole sauce ($11.89). He enjoyed both and liked that you didn't have to order only one kind which most places tend to do. We had room for dessert and couldn't decide between Sopapillas or Churros so we got both. Sopapillas (3 in an order) were crispy with a soft center and they came with packets of honey (which makes it much easier to drizzle) and whipped cream. They were sprinkled with cinnamon sugar which the BF said next time he'll order without since he kinda likes it when it's just simple honey. Churros (4 pieces) came with whipped cream and your choice of dipping sauces- we chose cajeta/mexican caramel and raspberry sauce.  Pretty good and I like that they have a variety of sauces to choose from. I forgot the price for both, but they were pretty reasonable between $2-$3.Service was really friendly, outgoing and caring. The entire staff was very pleasant from our server, to the hostess, to the bussers. I was not feeling well and I was really cranky when I came to eat. Sometimes that can make a meal a bit less impressive so I think it says a lot when it can break through that and improve my mood even. With the quality of food and the friendly service it definitely is a place I'll come back to.
4	I live near this restaurant.   If it weren't for my friends inviting me to go to "Taco Night," I wouldn't have known this place existed!  I stuck to ordering taquitos...one beef and the other two chicken.  I thought both were quite tasty, although I'm no authority on mexican fare, I liked the dish I ordered immensely.  The mexican red rice is the best I've tasted around town.  I took pleasure in their pomegranate margaritas.  I also tasted what seemed to be an odd flavor, in my opinion...a strawberry, jalapeno margarita!  It was so darn dee-lish, I think I will order that next time.  :)  The service was extremely friendly and I enjoyed both waitresses that were serving our table.  They were friendly and attentive, without being too attentive, if you know what I mean?  The fried ice cream was great way to end the night too.  It was heavy on the cinnamon, but I didn't mind a bit.  All in all, I will be coming back to this restaurant.
4	This place is a drive for us ,but was well worth it. Leticia's is almost like mexican fine dining w/o the big prices . Plates are beautiful.           I knew when the chips and salsa came we were in for a treat. The chip are a little thicker and  served warm with two salsas one red and the other tomatillo and beans. Heck the refried beans were tasty.          I ordered  a small guacamole , it had a little cheese stick on top as a garnish and sprinkled with cojita cheese. It was impressive to look at and tasted even better .           i got the combo plate with carnitas burrito and chile rellano stuffed with steak picado i think thats how u spell it. The chile came with a red sauce and drizziled with sour cream , it was very good. The carnitas burrito was a little dry, jus carnitas and tortilla nothing else in it. Maybe i should have gotten it enchilada style , maybe my fault. The plating again was beautiful, the rice and beans tasty and fresh. I think i saw chef leticia's in the kitchen she looked busy ,if she was not i would have complimented her food , bravo.
5	They are getting a star bump! We picked this for family dinner and it is now, grandma and mom in law approved, friend approved and passes on consistency of food and great service yet again. Like stated in my last review, the beans taste like how my abuela made them. I never eat beans only because they disappoint and I never asked her how she cooked them before she passed away. Out of the hundreds of restaurants there is only two places I would eat beans at and this is the only one in Vegas. I almost ate the whole bowl that comes with the chips and ate almost all that was on my plate. That alone is worthy of a lot of praises. I got the carnitas "ma pita" ($13.89) - it was juicy and soft. I asked for some green sauce on the side and that just takes it to a even better level. Love their green sauce here (not the one that comes with the chips, the one they use on the entrees). I like that they put chicharones since that's how we ate it at home.BF got tamales ($ 9.89) one green pork, one rajas con quezo with green sauce. I took a bite and both are pretty good. The masa is solid, but not dry at all which tends to happen at a lot of restaurants. Mom and Grandma shared a beef burrito, enchilada style with green sauce and cheese ($11.89). I just kept hearing that this is "really yummy". Grandma as a thing for albondigas soup ($2.89) so she ordered a cup and said it was pretty good. My friend got enchiladas ($11.89) 2 chicken green sauce and finished the whole plate and kept telling me this was a really great choice of restaurant. If you check in on the Yelp app, you get a free fried ice cream so we used the deal this time. It was pretty big and good, but really frozen solid so we sat for a moment to get it to where we wont bend a spoon. Server was the same as last time, Marija, and she is super friendly. I really appreciate enthusiastic, genuinely caring service and she was very attentive to drinks and checking in on us and remembering little requests like a side of sour cream, sauce, etc. Gives this place a big edge since normally Mexican restaurants aren't this friendly in Vegas. Crazy that out of all the places this could be, it's right by my house. I think this is my favorite sit down Mexican restaurant in Vegas, hands down.
5	Over the last year or so my taste in Mexican food has grown more sophisticated.Circa 2009 if it had cheese and Mexican spices I was generally happy, but recently I've found old favourites like Guadalajara at Sunset Station and Cafe Coyote aren't hitting the spot like they used to.My wife and I went to Leticia's for lunch today with a groupon and I've gotta say that I've found my new favourite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Even though it's a huge hike north to go here, the food was so good I am sure we will be back often.The chips looked worrisome, but looks are deceiving, they are fresh as can be and absolutely delicious. They come out with some very good bean dip, and a pair of excellent salsas (one red, one green) - No "spicy pasta sauce on a bowl" here - these salsas taste how salsa should taste.We started our meals with the Mexican corn which was very tasty without being overwhelming and I followed this with a plate of Nachos. I was really pleased with the use of good quality Mexican cheese and the options available so I could tailor my nachos to my specifications. I went with carne asada (incredible quality for a nacho topping) and chiles toreados. Now, I'm something of a nacho connoisseur - if I see them on the menu then chances are they are what I am ordering - these were some really special nachos. It wasn't just the quality of the cheese. It wasn't the delicious carne asada and the fresh and tasty chips. It wasn't even the wonderfully roasted and flavourful whole green onions that laced the top of my food. It was a combination of everything. The best nachos I have eaten in Vegas by some distance.My wife ordered vegetable enchiladas with mushrooms and spinach which came with a white rice casserole with crema, cheese and peppers. A real change from the "Cheese in a tortilla with sauce" that's often her only vegetarian option at Mexican places and we both really liked how Leticia's offers more to have with your meal than just rice and beans. Thought has really gone into this menu.Overall, a great meal in pleasant surroundings. An absolute no brainer to award this one 5 stars.
5	Absolutely delicious! And Gluten friendly! The Margharitas are to die for!I've had the chile rellenos with beef, they come in a delicious sauce and no egg batter, very yummyThe Rib eye Steak was cooked to perfection the side salad and chiles toreados were delicious and fresh oh so fresh!The Carnitas de puerco are well, fatty as they should be.In December they had Champurrado and tamales utterly sinful deliciousness.By the way for those who posted bad reviews, Leticias does not serve yellow cheese, so if you were expecting  Tex Mex this is not the place, this is very authentic mexican dishes, made as if in mexico.  And unfortunately to the couple that went there for valentines day, i was there too, it was super crowded and hectic. I have ordered the fish tacos and i didn't like them either, it was exactly how the review said it, shredded or ground fish yuck and almost non of it in the taco, so I suggest against the fish tacos. But everything else just makes up for it! It really does!
5	The best best mexican food in all of las vegas...love love love
4	Good salsa verde, the best I have ever had. Food is mostly good, I stick to the usual tacos or enchilladas. I saw on yelp that if I checked it I would get a free Fried Ice Cream. My server didnt believe me and took my iPhone right out of my hand and went into the back with it. About 5 minutes later he came back and reluctantly gave me the free fried ice cream. Sometime you have to wait for a table even though there are many open. They must be short staffed. I'll keep going back though, that salsa is awesome!!
3	Of course it was a Groupon that brought me into Leticia's since I don't live on this part of town I would probably never have come across it. I have to say that the building & decor is very cute, I think it would have been nice to sit outside but with the wind picking up on Sunday we had to skip it since I wasn't sure my chips would stay in the basket. The "development" that Leticia's is in has a ton of promise but I think that the developer must have decided against finishing it due to the economy etc but it "could've been a contender" (done in my best Brando voice). Overall the service was attentive and friendly, our server kept the experience very authentic (speaking in Spanish when greeting us etc). Our ice tea's, waters and most importantly our chips & salsas were kept full at all times and really besides getting your food ordered correctly this is the number one job of the server! I like getting a duo of salsa (red and delicious tomatillo green) along with a bean dip. We ordered a Chile Colorado Burrito Enchilada Style and an Enchilada & Taco combo plate. The burrito was HUGE and delicious and somehow I ate a majority of it. My girlfriend decided she was not a huge fan of the red sauce on the enchilada but it was more of a flavor profile thing rather than a bad dish. Even though I didn't have any adult beverages I was reading the descriptions on some of their specialty drinks and they did look enticing. The only downside to this experience at Leticia's was the wait to get the food. Between ordering the food and getting the food there was about a 25 minute wait which was way to long for the items ordered. During the time we were waiting we were able to consume a basket and half of chips and drink plenty of iced tea. We saw someone who appeared to be the manager or owner hanging around the kitchen and bar talking with a guy who appeared to be a regular but no one ever approached our table to apologize for the wait or even acted like it was taking to long which might be a sign that the food takes a while all of the time. I think I would go back to Leticia's if I was in the area but I don't think I would drive all the from the Red Rock area to dine there.
4	Great food , good service and good atmosphere ! They also have a great happy hour !
4	Great atmosphere with great people working there.  Very Mexican style to it.  Great food and drinks.  And happy hour to go with it.
4	My mom and stepdad were passing through town and we needed to eat something good, but close to my house so we brought them here. I had the chuletas- it came with two fairly thick and big pork chops and with that delicious green sauce. The green sauce is closest to my moms and I had her taste it and she says it's pretty close. The rice casserole was okay, but I prefer regular rice I think. My mom got the mocajete- this is their fajitas. The items were grilled and not just pan cooked which a ton of places do. It's a bit different since it is thrown with sauce and cheese on it. The sauce is interesting with a bit of a sweet spicy (seems like there's nutmeg?) and creamy since the cheese kinda blended in, however I think I want that on the side since it's all I could taste and the grilled meats lost some of it's grill flavor. There's a lot of meat in here for the price. My stepdad got carne asada and was happy with his food. He is Mexican and the abuela who made the beans I talk a lot about is his mother- he said this place was good and the beans were good. BF got the carnitas which was soft and good. He also got some green sauce on the side since it's a favorite and goes well with pork. I love the horchata here since it's creamy and homemade.  My mom wanted to try their flan and theirs is worth ordering. I hate that most restaurants it's more like gelatin, lots of air bubbles...it's not done right. This is creamy and rich how it should be. The hitch  was the service time. The servers here are always friendly, attentive and good about refillls and such however the kitchen was so backed up for lunch. I've seen this place packed more than this and got our food in a timely manner. Lunch became a 2 hour affair instead of a hour. I get that this sometimes happens, but man what bad timing. The parents had precious time in passing through so after eating, they didn't have time to hang out for a bit and had to leave. It seems like a rare occurrence since the staff here seems to do well at their job so I'm still a fan.
5	Friggin love this place! Camarones el Diabla is smokin hot sauce draping bacon wrapped shirmp!Guac comes in 2 sizes and is awesome! Margaritas aren't shy either.Service is great but be smart..if your goin for dinner this place is hoppin.
5	Came here sometime back and signed up for email specials, I get them regularly, but my husband and I usually aren't looking for specials when we manage to find our way here. Today, I had her version of 'fajitas" Parilada, I got the grilled top sirloin. It came in a volcano bowl, piping hot, the two big spoons full of cheese was melting from the heat, and the vegetables were smothered in spices and herbs that made this dish outstanding. My husband noticed a sign advertising a strawberry jalapeno margarita, I thought that sounded interesting, so let's give it a try. I ordered one and when it arrived, it was a beautiful looking drink, instead of salt, the glass was rimed with chili flakes? The drink was sweet but had a kick from the jalapeno and there were bits of strawberry mixed throughout. As check in on Yelp, we received a free fried ice cream, and once we finished the meal, it came out, it was a great finish to a great meal!  We may have to drive a ways for this place, but so far, it's been worth it everytime!
2	There is no excuse for poor service in a slow restaurant.I came here with my girlfriend and two kids for lunch on a Saturday.  As we walked in, we noticed two other parties in the dining room; the place was not busy.  We sat down, ordered our food, and waited.....waited....waited....  The entire time the manager (I think) was gabbing with the waitstaff about nothing important, right next to our table.  We were pretty much ignored throughout the meal.  The waitress brought out two scalding hot cups of soup, literally seconds before our entrees arrived.  On top of that, she placed the soups directly in front of our 4 and 5 year old eaters.  Common sense isn't always so common.  I mentioned the poor service to the manager, who just said, "Sorry," and carried on chatting with his waitresses.  The food was bland at best.  I know I"m only giving a little attention to the food here, but probably just as much attention as the cooks gave it in the first place.
5	Leticia and her staff does not disappoint. Phenomenal FOOD, DRINKS and SERVICE. Everything on the menu is extremely fresh and has the taste of traditional home cooking. Drafts beer, full bar and one amazing bartender. Sal constantly gives remarkable service and great drinks.
5	My husband and I just moved here from AZ and we just love, love this place.  The service is always as wonderful as the food is.  The owner is the wonderful lady in the kitchen cooking the food.Yum,yum!!!  I have to say we have only been here a month and have almost been here for lunch or dinner about 20 times. Yes it's that good.
5	Try the Michelada which is the Mexican version of a Bloody Mary. It is good if you're ok with Clamato juice. It's so refreshing on a hot summer day. The chips and bean dip are great. I don't eat a  lot so I think it's great that you can order Tequizas (not the cheesy beer, it's their Mexican street tacos). Reminds me of the tacos I could get when I hopped over to Tijuana when I Iived in SD. They're only about 1.75 each. 3 is enough for me. The carnitas & rib eye tacos are the best. I had the grilled fish tacos but I wasn't a big fan - I didn't like the sauce they put on top of it. Don't forget to check in onYelp! You ge a free fried ice cream which is delicious! I'm so glad there is a decent authenic Mexican restaurant in Centennial Hills. I think this is the best Mexican restaurant I've tried in Las Vegas.
5	Great food! The Shrimp Diablo was absolutely delicious as well as the steak fajitas.  Margaritas were very well made and the shots of tequila came quickly to the table!  Definitely will go back for more.
4	They serve authentic mexican food.  This is not a great place for picky eaters.  If your idea of mexican food is Taco Hell and On the Border then stay away from this place.If you are in a hurry, don't come here.  My visits here have not been "slow" but this is a sit down restaurant and the kitchen takes a little while.  Kitchens are slower when they are making food from scratch - the end result is better food.I've always had friendly service and last time I was in they were training some nice new people.Kids menu is very reasonable and there are tons of choices - all of them mexican food.  If your kids will only eat chicken fingers and boxed mac n cheese then I suggest a chain restaurant.  My daughter liked her taquitos, beans, and home made vanilla ice cream.I'm glad this restaurant opened in our neighborhood.  I wouldn't drive across town just to eat here but it is worth a shorter trip or a visit if you are in the area.
5	Awesome place cant say enough. Great food, Great Service. I will recommend this place to all my friends and family!
2	I've eaten here a handful of times with friends and with my husband. Every time I have ended up with a waiter that was not friendly or even seemed happy with his job. The last time I ate at this restaurant the waiter was just plain rude when I asked about something on the menu.  Other then the bad customer service the food is just ok.
3	The food is awesome for a great price!  The service could be a lot better.  The location is alright, seems that most of the businesses nearby are closed down.  I would eat here again for the chiles and mexican corn, but only because it's close tot he casa.
4	This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas thus far. I have only been there once, but I will go again shortly. Service was prompt and friendly.The salsa's were very good, especially the green salsa. We asked for habanero, which about burned my mouth right off my face, but it hurt so good.We also ordered the guacamole which was very yummy. It wasn't very hot, (which I prefer) but it was very tasty and chunky with avacodos. My boyfriend  and I ordered two dishes and split them. We got the Quesa Tacos with shrimp. They were pretty good. I don't really like my tacos smothered with anything, but I still enjoyed it. We also got the Enchiladas Del Mar with shrimp. THEY WERE SOOOO DELICIOUS!Description -Shrimp And/Or fish in Leticia's white Cream and Cheesesauce or Chile de Arbol spicy sauce. Served with whitePoblano casserole of crema, cheese and rajas.I like really authentic Mexican food, such as great taco stands and places east of downtown that look shady, but are amazing. This place does not fit that category to a t, but it is still very good.
5	Great food, starting with the chips and salsa, to the street tacos.  The bacon wrapped shrimp were one of the best things I have EVER eaten in my life. Big bold flavors with excellent service and an intimate, homey feel makes this my new favorite restaurant in Vegas
5	The food has definitely a lot better since they opened up.  My girlfriend loves it because it reminds her of her Grandmother's cooking.  I'm torn between Leticia's and Lindo Michoacan.  Very hard to decide when I want Mexican food in Centennial Hills.
4	The quality of the food is great. I would however recommend to have reservations prior going to Leticia's as this place is packed on the weekends. The service takes a dip due to the number of customers that they are serving. The plates which the food was served had some breakage on the sides and also missed on serving us the water that we asked. The food is definitely good. Be careful on eating too much of the Nacho's since you wont be able to enjoy the entrees.
4	If you love Mexican food, I totally recommend this spot. The food is amazing and the service is great. The first time I came here I wasn't sure if I'd like the food and plus it was a Friday night, at least the wait wasn't too long (about 20 min) and hey it was happy hour. When we sat down, the server approached us and introduced herself and took our drink orders. I wasn't too sure what to try because they all seemed delicious. I ended up ordering the Ribeye Tacos...YUM! My cousin ordered the tamales and I had a little sample...totally worth trying.The second time I came here I tried the Quesa Tacos because the server said it was one of the best items on the menu and I wouldn't be let down. He was right!! I ordered the Quesa Tacos with carne asada with a side of queso rice; I totally recommend trying it and trust me you can probably share because the tacos are pretty filling and the rice is amazing. The third time I came here I tried the shrimp tacos (grilled), yeah I don't recommend it at all just because it was salty and just not that great. However, my cousin ordered the Empanadas and had a little bite of it and it was really good. BTW if you check if you get a free fried ice cream, so make sure you check in and show your server because dessert is a perfect way to end your meal.
1	We were really looking forward to liking this place. We live in the neighborhood and have been meaning to try it out. So tonight I read some Yelp! reviews which sounded promising. The listing said they were open until 10pm. I called Leticia's at 8:30pm to double-check their closing time (this IS Vegas 2011 afterall). "10pm" the lady told me. We arrived at the restaurant at 9:30pm only to find the "closed" sign up and the staff sweeping the floors. I spoke to a lady and reminded her that they had just told me 10pm and she shrugged. So we took our business to nearby Lindo Michoacan who stay open until the hours posted on their sign. We won't be back. What a shame...
4	1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back.2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here.5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here.This is our new fave Mexican place in LV. We still heart Casa Don Juan, but it's way on the other side of town.The decor is nice, but maybe just a tad dark on the bar side. They brought out chips, salsa and bean dip, all of which were delicious. Best chips and salsa BY FAR that we have had in LV. The food was really really good. My wife had crispy tacos -- she loved the carne asada but didnt care for the chicken. The 13 year old had the ground beef taco and liked it. I had the Quesa Shrimp Tacos, the house specialty, and they were very good (the corn tortillas were ok, not great). The shrimp was SCRUMPTIOUS! Overall, the food was very good. Warning: the portion sizes are HUGE.I can see what other people are saying about the service. Our server was somewhat indifferent. It took quite a while to get our food. But it didnt ruin our meal, and I wouldnt let it stop you from trying the place.It was a bit pricey -- $50 for 2 sodas, a 2 taco plate, a 1 taco plate, and the special tacos.
5	Make sure you get the fried ice cream caramel mixed with chocolate
3	This place was recommended by one of my neighbors.  We should have gotten a hint as they mostly talked about the drinks... not the food.Went there with a party of 4.  It was a Wednesday night so it was not busy by our food took a while.  Ordered a stake.  It was ok, but nothing great.  I would not order it again.  My husband got a carne asada burrito.   Much better than my stake.  My daughter got a soup, which was ok as well.Overall the place is good and the food is ok.  Give it a try!
5	Loved the food here.  Probably the best mexican food I've had in a long time.
5	AMAZING FOOD!!! Great hostesses, HORRIBLE WAITRESSES!!! Gets five stars even with the poor wait staff. I hope the owner sees these reviews and considers letting go of the bad apples. The food is so yummy! It is not typical mexican food, its updated and current- gotta love that!
2	I was disappointed when I went this time. The tacos were dry. The waitress kept trying to upsale the menu because the tacos were on special for $1.50, the side salad was $4.50.
4	Last night I visited for the second time.  The first time, I say the service was horrible and so was the food, but didn't want to give it a bad review off one visit.  Well last night made up for the my first visit.  I came in with a friend and we sat at the bar.  There was only 2 other people up there and the bartender acknowledge us right away and said he would be right with us.  Drinks were served fast and once we figured out want we wanted to eat, our order was taken promptly.  While we were sitting waiting, the bartender was nice and chatting with us.  Definitely makes sitting at the bar a plus.  My friend said he would come back just to sit at the bar and hang out with him.The food, I ordered carne asada tacos with rice and beans.  The carne asada was so yummy with great flavor.  It only had onions and cilantro on top and that was really all I needed.  My friend had a chicken burrito, enchilada style and after one bite he was all about it.  He cleaned is plate!I will definitely come back now that I have had better experience!
2	I went here a year ago with a date and we both got sick, Hershey highway kinda sick. So I had the opportunity to go again and I'm glad to say neither of us got sick this go around. We went for an early dinner late lunch 3pm, just thought I should mention that since maybe they weren't into the full cooking swing yet. I ordered the chicken fajitas and she ordered cheese enchiladas. It smelled great with the peppers and onions. Unfortunately the chicken had no seasoning, it was as if they just bought the chicken from Albertsons and grilled it with no spices. The beans tasted like Rosaritas straight out of the can. The cheese enchiladas Were hard on the tortilla edges. So we both agreed not to go there again. We could of cooked that same meal with more flavor for less. Just my opinion. I know others like this place but its just not for us.
5	I love this place. Great atmosphere! Sophisticated and charming. I am on a restricted diet and I was more than impressed by  our waitress's friendly, and positive attitude towards all of my substitutions. Food was excellent, and I am picky!  Everything came out fresh and hot and I will be back often.
5	My mom was in town for a weeklong visit and we wound up making two trips to Leticia's! The first time we sat at a booth by the bar and a college football game was on so it was a little loud but we could easily carry on a conversation. Our waiter was extremely helpful in answering questions, and we were promptly served our beer, waters and chips with salsa trio.You can choose from family style or individual selections and we each chose seperately. My mom got Guisados de Casa -chile verde which was really good. The pork was super tender without being mushy or fatty and was seasoned well. I got chicken fajitas which were excellent....two people could easily share this. My husband got spicy chicken quesatacos...they were okay but the poblano casserole served alongside was awwwesome. Our second trip was just as successful. We went on a weeknight and it was much quieter. Our waitress was helpful, although not quite as prompt. Very friendly however! My mom went with spinach and mushroom enchiladas which she liked but I probably wouldn't order...I felt like they needed something to brighten them up and cut the heaviness of the creamy sauce. My husband and I each ordered grilled fish tacos with soft flour tortillas. I have had fish tacos from Ensenada to Costa Maya to Belize and I can say 100% that these were the best I've ever had, and it's hard to top eating them while sitting on a white sand beach with turquoise water staring at you. The fish was perfectly seasoned and light, super fresh tasting with a perfect fish to sauce ratio. The veggies were also perfectly proportioned and every bite was just as perfect as the first.  We mentioned to the server how much we enjoyed them and she told us on Monday nights their street-sized tacos are all available for 1.25 each! It's five minutes from our house...super close proximity to pick up after-dinner cupcakes from retro bakery (prior to dinner, retro closes at 7 I think) and both our visits yielded both stellar food and service. This will be a regular stop for us.
5	I love this place.  It is my new favorite in the Northwest.  Everything is fresh.  No canned foods and prepackaged ingredients.  You can taste the difference.  Had the grilled fish street tacos today and they were excellent.  I am still craving them tonight!  My husband loves the puffy tacos.  They are tacos in shells similar to the shell you get on a Tostada salad.  Looked yummy.  Carnitas and Carne Asada platters are great choices as well.  Large portions so you can take some home for lunch the next day.
5	Just had our 5/10 year anniversary and shared the carne asada for 2, and it was the expected level of awesomeness we have come to love from these guys. This place never disappoints
5	If you are looking for decently priced Mexican restaurant try Leticia's. I've eaten lunch and dinner here and I'm never disappointed. They have a good red beer!
4	When we first got our place in NW Vegas this was a place recommended by friends.  We love it, great food, cold beer, nice people.  We have been there several times and have never been disappointed.
3	Eh, it was just okay.  I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just wasn't what everyone cracked it up to be.  The chips weren't warm, and the salsas all tasted the same.  The chile rellenos (I had the cheese and also the beef stuffed rellenos) are not even worth rating as average.  They were severely undercooked, and normally you don't need to take in a knife to cut rellenos.  I was literally cutting through what seemed like raw chile.  The rellenos we have at our employee dining room tastes better than theirs.  And Leticia's is not cheap.  Their award-winning tacos were delicious however, and that's what warranted them that extra star.  Their fried ice cream was also very good.  Their tres leches cake was not as moist as it should be -- weird.  That's what tres leches cake is about.  Moist and milky.  It tasted like boxed cake with milk and slivered almonds poured over it.  Other than that, the middle was somewhat dry.  Will probably never go again.
5	Came here for lunch yest.  Right from the get-go I liked this place.  It's been awhile since I had to parallel park.  The outside gave a cozy feel to it.  I wouldn't expect it around this side of town, took me by surprise.Walking in, I was greeted by Una hermosa, Gladys.  The waitress, who i found is the daughter of the owner, suggested I try the Carnitas, since it was her grandma's recipe.  Simply delicious!!! The plate was topped with chicharron, and the pork fell apart with my fork.  Also tried the chocolate cake, which was very thick and rich.  Would definitely love to come back and try the tamales.
4	In my experience with Mexican restaurants, you can never find that perfect place.  One place might have the best chips & salsa, as other places have better margaritas, while another place might have the best fish tacos.  With that being said, Leticia's definitely has the best Carnitas in Vegas.  Overall, I think their food is excellent.  They have some of the most tender, flavorful Carnitas I have ever eaten.  I've also had their Carne Asada burrito and the Milanesa; both where the steak was also tender and flavorful, and not tough and chewy.  I've had better chips & salsa at other places, but I can't complain when it's free (part of the meal).  Of the numerous visits, I've only had one visit with slow service, and our food took 30 minutes to come out from the time we ordered.  All other visits, the service was great and the food came out fast.  Prices are decent for lunch specials, but I haven't eaten dinner there yet.I haven't been disappointed with the food there yet, and I would recommend this place to anyone.  It is located way up in the Northern part of Vegas, so it's not conveniently located (unless you live up there).  But if you love Carnitas, then you have to check out Leticia's.
5	The level of service from this restaurant is excellent. Each time my husband and I dine here we are never let down. The staff, food, and environment is awesome. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Mexican food. You are seated right away even on busy nights. I am not certain how they do it. I love the location. The Centennial Hills area is very beautiful.
5	Best Mexican food in Vegas!  Have the leticia's special tacos.  They are the best!!!
5	Dang that is some good salsa!  I really like Lindo's but not a huge fan of their salsa.  Really like the salsa at Cabo in Red Rock but their food is just average.  Finally.  I have found a Mexican joint with good food AND good salsa.  Salsa here includes a fire-roasted chipotle salsa, green salsa and bean dip.Ended up here on a Saturday night.  Pretty crowded, which is always a good sign.  Nice lighting, cute little area.  This is a great date spot.  Our server Luciano was great, service was prompt and most importantly, the food was really good.  Although I ate so much of the salsa that I barely touched my shrimp tacos, they had a spicy creamy chipotle sauce which was awesome.
5	All of the food was great. The salsa's were EXCELLENT. Most local mexican food restaurants serve a mildly spicy version of ketchup... not here! I had the carne asada burrito and my daughter had the quesadilla kids meal, followed with a mini fried ice cream and mexican hot chocolate.All of the food was great. The service was good and correct, but  marginal from our server Alexa who seemed to not want to serve us. Our table busser, Gladys, seemed so much more friendly than our server.
5	The build your own burrito is fantastic and the salsa with chips is unbelievable!
4	Had a great meal at Leticia's!  The server was excellent and had no problem recommending his favorite dishes.   I'm a fajita fan and usually get them at every Mexican restaurant on my first visit.  Leticia's did not dissapoint.  My wife got a flauta platter that was ok, not the best she's had, but still very good.   Overall, a good experience, highly recommend.
5	Stopped in tonight with the family. It was extremely busy tonight, but the service was spectacular from Dulce and Gladys. Leticia was running the show tonight, so I feel that the place runs best when she is in. The food and service was SUPERB! I really love the crane asada... It is seasoned so well. The chips and salsas were equally as excellent.
4	As I understand it, Leticia's recipes come from her mother's kitchen in Mexico City.  That definitely explains some of the great tastes found here.Chips and Salsa start the meal, like almost every Mexican Restaurant here in Las Vegas.  That is not the case in the places I have been in Mexico... but I'm a fan anyways.  And Letecia gives you three dip choices...  A traditional salsa, salsa verde, and bean dip.  All are excellent, though my favorite is the bean dip. The entree's are excellent.  They boast a variety of creative tacos that will really get your tasebuds firing.  But I was all about the mole poblano on this trip.  Now I have had some great mole's in Mexico and every one is different from the next.  Here in the states, most places get too caught up on the "chocolate" part.  In reality several Mole's don't even include chocolate and those that rank among the best in Mexico don't emphasize the chocolate.  The sauce has dozens of ingredients.  I was really excited to try Leticia's.  Unfortunately, it came across too chocolate for me.  This will probably appeal to a lot of people... but not me.  Everything else was great and all my party enjoyed their food.  It was all excellent.... but I just didn't care for the mole.Topping off your meal with fresh Churo's is a nice nod to Mexican street food and truly delicious.The service was excellent and the restaurant is clean and inviting.  I like Leticia's a lot!  I will be back often for the tacos and enchiladas... but not for the mole poblano.  I am glad to have a great Mexican restaurant in an area that is starving for restaurants.  I hope Leticia's sticks around.  Give it a try!
4	Try the carnitas, and the margharitas. Say hello to Gus the manager, he's very friendly and might encourage you to karaoke with him.
5	Had amazing service from Kristanya and Vivian. Gustavo (co-owner/manager?) even stopped by the tables to check everyone's service and meal quality. After the chips, and great salsa's... I had the usual, carne asada burrito, and my daughter had a kids meal. We finished it off with a YELP fried ice cream, and sopapilla's. I really enjoy mexican food, and absolutely love great mexican food. The carne asada is awesome; I have to order it every time because it is seasoned and marinated so well.I have had great food on every visit, and would definitely recommend that you eat here. The food prep times have been the only inconsistent part of the meal, but the excellent food and service makes up for the food prep issues. Hopefully they will work to make the prep times as consistent as the service and meal quality.
1	We will never go back.  Everything we ordered was either overly spicy, grainy, or bland.  The chili rellenos were soggy.  The onions were burnt.  We were so disappointed because it is so close to home!  YUCK!
5	I'm normally not on this side of town but I came here with a friend who was swearing by how great the food was and I wasn't disappointed.  I never knew there was a little nook of restaurants in this area but it's a nice area and the restaurant is big and completely Mexican while being interesting.  The bar area also has TV's for watching a game and enjoying a meal if you're so inclined.  When I first sat down I was welcomed with chips that were still warm and toasty along with red and green sauces, and refried beans.  The lunch menu is a nice sampling of the dinner options and served with great proportions to be filling without overwhelming.  I had the Carnitas "Ma Pita" which was pork prepared in a way that I hadn't had since I was back home.  The spanish rice was warm, moist, and spiced with a nice tangy flavor.  The food was authentic and the service was attentive without being annoying and it was great to see a team effort of everyone helping your table and not just those that were assigned.  I will be returning whenever I'm in the area and possibly even drive out there for dinner, and that says something since I normally don't exceed my zip code.
4	Service was absolutely fantastic. Quite possibly the best I've ever had. It was my first time here but not my last. The fried ice cream drew me in and it didn't disappoint.
5	I feel very lucky they opened this place near me. Not only is it cozy, but the food is very good. Love the taquiza cart they have out on Monday nites during the the summer. I hear they will be offer the taquiza cart for the "Movie In The Park" events this summer. They have good Sunday brunch deals and happy hour.  I believe they also have karaoke on Saturday nites.
5	Went here for the first time last week.  We only had drinks at the bar but had a great experience.  They brought us what tasted like homemade tortilla chips and bean dip with red and green salsa.  Really good.  I had a yummy gin and tonic.  My guy had a few really cold beers.  The best part was the service.  Had a great time with the male and female bartenders.  Didn't get the guy's name but Wendy was a delight.  Think we'll go back again this week for our 'date night'.  I'm in danger of becoming a regular if the food turns out to be as good as the chips and dips, decor and friendly service.  Will keep you posted.
4	Leticia's is definitely my favorite local Mexican restaurant.  They usually prepare consistently good fresh food and the price is hard to beat.  Their carnitas, fish tacos, chile relleno, and buritos are some of the best you will find in the Las Vegas area.  Their chips and salsa are also decent.  The atmosphere is very nice and the decor has a warm and friendly feel.  Although I've occasionally had less than stellar service, it is usually very good.  If you're in the Northwest, chances are good Leticia's will be your choice when it comes to Mexican food.
4	I really liked the chips! They are made out of flour tortillas and were very crispy. I was really impressed with the menu and all the options. They have deserts which I have not seen offered at other Mexican restaurants, such as Capirotada (Mexican bread pudding). The server was happy to make recommendations and frequently checked in to ask of the meal was and if I needed anything else. I ordered an horchata and loved it. It was served in a huge glass (no refill needed) and so authentic, like the kind made at our family functions. It tried the Taquiza (Mexican Street Tacos) in chicken, carne asada and al pastor. They were all really great and will be back again to have them. I also had two tamales, Green Sauce Chicken and Rajas Con Queso. Unfortunately, I did not like the tamales, kinda of dry even though I got them "Enchilada" style. My server had mentioned that she did not care from them and that they were dry, prior to me placing the order. I appreciate her honesty and she was right. I will come back to sample more items and for the Taquiza.
4	good: food, servicebad: so dang far from meeetry the fish tacos!
5	LOVE Leticia's! My husband and I have been going since shortly after they opened. Best mexican restaurant I've been too Sometimes we get the chicken fajitas which are good, but different with zucchini and mushrooms. I usually get the shrimp tacos ensenada style. Shrimp fried with a flour tortilla.Most of the time our order is correct but every now and then when we have the older man as our waiter who never seems to get our order right. We keep coming back because the food is good and we've been going for a while.
5	With the economy how it is, it's great to see a family business thriving. The house is always packed but I still receive great service. The owners are always there talking to customers and even serving the food! The food is fantastic and reasonably priced which is always great paired with their signature margaritas!
5	Best Mexican food around. The service was great and the food was even better. Definitely this is a must. I highly recommend it.
5	I love Leticia's! I've been several times. It's consistently tasty and fresh. Everything I've tried--from their specialty dishes to normal old tacos--is fantastic. Wait staff is always friendly and attentive.
4	First impressions were a bit rough- ambience is just like an On The Border or some other chain Mexican place.  While waiting, we tried to get a drink at the bar, but it was tough getting a menu and a space at the bar.  Once we were seated, though, the whole experience changed.  The service was awesome- prompt, efficient, knowledgeable, not over the top.  The food was great, too.  The guacamole w/ jalapenos was fresh and fantastic.  The small was plenty for 2.  My wife had the "something" casa chili verde.  The pork was tender, the beans were good.  I had the "something" Quesa- their house special.  I had one shrimp taco and one shredded chicken.  It was awesome.  I would get the shredded chicken again and try a different filling instead of the baby shrimp.  Oh, and we each had a margarita that was top shelf ingredients and quite good.  Maybe I'm still a country bumkin' adjusting to big city life, but I thought this place was great.  5 stars for food and service.  3 stars for generic ambience.
5	Don't ask me how I ended up at this restaurant located in one of those annoying fake-downtown retail/dining centers way the fuck out in B.F.E. Well OK, it's because my boyfriend lives out there. Otherwise, I would never have come here.We went during happy hour, and tried everything on their happy hour menu, all of which was shockingly affordable and shockingly delicious. The house margaritas were excellent, too. The chips and salsa were AMAZING.The atmo is sort of casual upper-middle-class-suburban Tex-Mex, and they have a patio for outdoor dining, where you can bask in the breeze created by all the SUVs blasting down one of those ginormously expansive asphalt rivers that pass for roads up there.Overall, it was excellent food at a great price, but I probably would not drive all the way up here to eat here. If they opened a location closer to midtown, then maybe.
5	We went to the Las Vegas Taco and Tequila festival and found this gem. 2 months later, I move and lo and behold I see as I am driving and had whiplash I was so excited! BEST.MEXICAN.FOOD.EVER. GET the quesa tacos with shrimp and creamy garlic sauce! Go to the patio and have Happy Hour! We even had our wedding dinner there, that's how good it is. Seriously, Go! Now!!!
5	Awesome service and food. I got the mole, and would probably pass on it next time. It was a little too chocolatey and sweet. Mole aside, I can't wait to go back!
5	The service is awesome, the food is excellent and I love the patio. Great place to eat, one of my new Vegas favorites!
5	great service and amazing food!!I wish we had more locally owned places like this!
5	A little on the pricey side, but well worth it. The restaurant is a wonderful celebration of Hispanic culture. The chili pepper is the superstar here. I love the patio dining. We sampled all the sauces each one handcrafted and delicious. They have agua frescas and elotes locos. loved it.
5	Great food Awesome service. plus free fried icecream with check in!
4	Visited Leticia's 8/3/12-  Been wanting to try Leticia's for awhile now but they are a drive from our house so kept putting it off and I'm kicking myself in the "trasero"!  We took my niece there for dinner.  We got there a bit early so seating was no problem but when we left there seemed to be a wait.  Started off with their chips, bean dip and salsas.  LOVED the salsa verde.  My niece raved and she is 8!!  The beans and other salsa were just fine.  My niece ordered off the kids menu and had the chicken burrito (came with beans rice, a beverage and dessert).  She really liked the burrito.  My husband ordered the Latecia's Quesa Tacos which had a blend of melted Oaxaca cheese stuffed with shrimp cooked in Leticia's Abuelo sauce "and topped with a chipotle cream sauce.  It came with a  small individual cheesy rice casserole  topped with crema and chile and a side of beans (he picked refried).  I stole that tasty little rice casserole right from under his nose!  I would come back for that and their grilled mexican corn on the cob!  That corn was super tasty!I had their Taquitos dinner which gives you a good variety to choose from.  I chose the beef picadillo, chicken, and the most delectable  Potato and Cheese wrapped in  corn tortillas and fried crispy. All were topped with guacamole,  Oaxaca cheese, cotija cheese, crema and pico de gallo.  I had a side of black beans and cilantro rice.  Service was good and the decor was really nice.  Wished they were closer but they are worth  driving out to.
5	Sooooo good! The friendliest service and homemade and delicious food. The owner is always out and about visiting with the customers. You can't go without having the Mexican corn on the cob. I don't know how he does it, but any time of year, they serve the most tender white corn with all the delicious street-vendor white sauce and cheese. I sometimes order two of these and soup - they make delish albondigas soup. Great chips and salsa, free of course. Wonderful fajitas and sopapillas too!
2	The wait to get in was "35 minutes", told to me by the hostess... Actual waiting time: 60 minutes... Was I supposed to" read between the lines"? The food was ok.. not the best ever, but the waiters and waitresses were sweet.
5	Great food!  Great menu!  Great prices!  Don't forget to check in on yelp - you get free dessert!
4	Leticia's is by far the best restaurant in the area. I have tried several of the items on the menu but my favorite is the "Loaded" quesadilla. It has spinach, mushrooms and chicken. this quesadilla is AWESOME. It is listed under the appetizer section of the menu but it is big enough for an entree. The other item which i think is a must try is the strawberry margarita with a hint of jalepeno (I dont recall the name on the menu) YUM!
5	AMAZING service! The food has always been great and such a nice staff I have been a few times now and really love this place great to find some where that still knows what customer service is!
5	I hate Mexican food.  The best places I have had before are just barely edible for me.  Surprisingly I absolutely love this place.  Their carne asada burrito with the white sauce rocks!  A little pricey but their food is absolutely worth it.
4	This is actually a really good authentic Mexican restaurant. I would reccomend to anyone. Their street tacos are ALMOST as good as real street tacos from the taco stand in the hood lol. If you go you gotta get dessert.! Best fried ice cream I've ever had! Yummy! Great atmosphere. Servers are friendly.
4	The atmosphere was great, great location, and excellent service. The was also GOOD, but the grilled chicken could've used a little more flavor but the overall experience was good.  I would definitely go back, and the server Mario was excellent.
5	I had lunch here with my wife and two year old twins. We arrived at 11:00am on Saturday right after the restaurant opened. The food was excellent. I had a breakfast burrito and my wife had chicken tamales. The chips were great and came with three different salsas. The service was also excellent, however there were only about five other customers since we were there so early. If this was located closer to my house I would be here all the time. I will have to settle for stopping by whenever I am lured to the northwest part of town
4	First time here, great impression. Service was wonderful even though our server informed us she was in training. I got the chicken tamales and my husband got the Colorado burrito. Very good! Wasn't impressed by the margarita I got. Bartender definitely over-poured, I could taste only tequila. I would come back here for sure!
5	I love this place! My fiance And I go here atleast once a week. The portions are huge! Food is amazing. I love their carne asada. They have great lunch specials... Leticia is super nice and cares about what you think of her restaurant. You have to try their cheese enchiladas too the sauce is different And amazing!!!
5	Awesome Mexican food. Mole way better than any other place in the valley. Chile rejeno was superb.
5	Wow.  Third visit and this place gets better each time.  Very friendly people.  The food was delicious.  Shrimp tacos, goat burrito (yes goat), al pastor street tacos. Everything was seasoned perfectly.  You could taste a hint of pineapple in the al pastor tacos.  The salsas are very good. The avocado salsa had a nice bit of heat/spice.  Great sangria.  Many Mexican beers on tap served ice cold.  A very nice atmosphere. Did I mention friendly and delicious food. Oh, and the best part. VERY REASONABLE PRICES.  We felt like many items were under-priced for the quality and portion. Fabulous!
5	This is the second time here within a month.  We were referred by a friend in the area.  We sometimes travel to have good eats!  This restaurant is in a cozy area that kind of resembles the beginnings of an Old Pasadena.  It was busy just like the last time.  There were a lot of staff.  Everyone of them, friendly.  Particularly Dulce and Walter.  We had five in the party, so we had a lot to order.  The food arrived promptly, was very tasty and eye pleasing like last time.  Check out my photos.  The atmosphere was lively and the restrooms clean and in order.  When I checked into Yelp there was an offer to purchase a coupon that would save $10.  I purchased it on my cell phone and Dulce redeemed it for this receipt all within 5 minutes!  Also what was cool is that the owner came around and talked to us and other patrons throughout our dinner experience.    We will definitely be back for more and tell a lot of friends!!
4	Everything was quite good and some of the best guac I've had in a long time. A tad pricy for Mexican, but yelp is there with an awesome discount to help.  I need to try the margaritas next time.
1	Maybe I came on an off day? Maybe my expectations are a little too high as of late? But seriously, how does this place have this volume of ratings and maintain this high of an average?!I'm not sure if I'm more pissed at the restaurant for being sub-par or this many yelpers being fooled by such simple bullshit. It's my fault for being on my dying cell phone and not taking the time to read the reviews. Otherwise I would have dismissed this place IMMEDIATELY when I realized  "multiple salsas" was the CONSISTENT 5 star standard for a quality establishment!  Are you frickin kidding me?Food.  I'll try to take my shitty experience out of this equation for the moment and ask why people love this bland cookie cutter On the Boarder franchise-esq, no heart, soulless food? After finally be able to put in the order (after 20 min wait) we waited another 20 mins (I know because I timed it) to get a cold to semi-warm plate, the carnitas was over cooked, tough (that's a HUGE accomplishment if you know how to make it) and bland. Had a nice piece of bone in there too. The beans had that nice dried crust layer on top like it had been sitting under the heat lamp a little too long but was too far to get the heat. That salsa everyone loses their shit over, was okay. El Torrito and On the Boarder has that too, so does Rubio's technically. Service: This was just stupid. And I'm kicking myself for not walking out. Went on a late Sunday afternoon after hiking Mt. Charleston (needless to say, hungry). The place is hardly busy. One girl comes over to take drink orders, says she can't take beer orders, but the the bartender can who will also be our waitress. I don't know why she couldn't have given our order to the bartender when she informed her of our table. 10 mins later, bartender comes (Natalie) "You want something from the bar?" Place DRINK order. I've been watching her from my table 15 ft away flirting with some douche face at the bar. Beer comes out in a glass so cold the beer is slushy. I'm not only a pretentious dick, I'm also a beer snob. I like to taste my beer, frozen glass = no taste. In spite of my annoyance, I asked nicely If I can have a glass that isn't iced. Natalie "They all come like that."  Me, "how about that (soda) glass that isn't frozen or run one under some cold water?" 10 mins pass, flirts with douche, comes back, replaces beer in different frozen glass. Now takes FOOD order.Food comes out like it's been under a heat lamp and the beans have that nice crust on them. We pick at our food. Flag  Natalie down for our bill, and get the hell out of this pit.This place sucks. The food sucks, the service sucks, the menu sucks. there isn't any thing redeeming about this place. Someone please correct me if I'm out of line here.
5	Happy hour specials are great. Half off most wine and drinks. Service is fantastic. I go here at least once a week.Try the Hibiscus Margarita (not on the menu).
5	I spotted Leticia's a few weeks back. While at the Lowe's across the street I remembered it and suggested it to the others in my party. Since we never say no to Mexican food we were off to Leticia's. At first the parking seemed odd but we figured it out. They have limited parking along Norman Rockwell Ln. There is additional (including handicapped) parking behind Lecitcia's. You will have to walk all the way around the restaurant if you park behind the building though. Upon entering we were greeted and seated. The server took our drink order and we had our drinks shortly after. She then brought 3 kinds of salsas. One had fresh tamatillos, avocado and jalapeno  all blended together and this one was my favorite of the 3. It tasted so fresh. The 2nd was a bean dip with chorizo. I have never tasted a bean dip so good or with a flavor like this one had in my life. The 3rd was my least favorite. It was their version of a red salsa. The chips were very good and fresh baked.We ordered our food and waited. and waited. and waited. The server kept assuring us that it would be out soon. After an hour went by she came to our table and said that the ticket for our order was lost. The food simply wasn't made because the kitchen had no ticket that any food had to be made. I was pretty frustrated. We were hungry and already sat for a whole hour waiting. We had redeemed a yelp deal that was $15 for $25 so decided to go ahead and wait for them to make the order. Chef Leticia herself came out to our table to apologize. She was very genuine and sincere. She said that this isn't something that usually happens and that she would be comping our whole entire meal. She was very concerned we might not be back. I let her know we would for sure be back. I can't think of any other time that a situation like this would't have infuriated me and left me never wanting to go back but Chef Leticia as well her staff left me wanting to come back everyday.  This would have been a 1 star review but the way they handle their customers makes it a 5 star review all the way.Now 1 hour and 25 minutes later we got our food! I ordered a Combo plate that had a "Carnitas Taco & Cheese Enchilada" as well beans and rice. The food was plated almost too pretty to eat! The taste of the food lived up to how it was presented. The pork was filled with flavor. The beans had good texture and flavor. The enchilada was excellent. There are not words to describe how good this food was!The inside was clean. We will be back many times for sure!They have specials and a happy hour so check their website or facebook page for current promotions.
4	I just moved to Las Vegas 3 weeks ago, and have been in dire need of a good Mexican food fix.   Leticia's certainly fit the bill for it!I had the chile Rellano stuffed with Beef.  It was quite tasty and much what I expect from a good rellano.   The salsas that were brought out with the chips were also quite tasty and the fresh chips were muy bueno!!!  My server Dulce was very pleasant and friendly.   It was quite busy when I got there, but I was seated within 10 minutes.  The staff was all very friendly and pleasant.  I will definitely be trying this place again.
1	We went to Leticia's on a Friday night. They were very busy, but we went right to a table. We felt the service was just mediocre (Mario was our waiter). One of our 4 people had to send their food back, it was cold. One person ordered enchiladas in a red sauce and received it with a white sauce. When we told the waiter, the waiter said "Well don't you even want to taste it?" NO! we just want what we ordered to begin with. Their red sauce tastes like a mild mole sauce, which was not all that good. I ordered a taco and it was pretty good, but beans and rice were cold. It was higher priced than most places, which would have been ok, had it been good!We will not go back!!!!!!!!!
5	I rarely give out 5 stars but this Mexican restaurant is worth every star!The service and food is both 5 stars. Right when we sat down, we got chips and salsa right away. Also the manager came around and greeted us. But he kinda scared me when he said hi because he pop his head around the wall lol!The salsa was bomb!!!!!!!!! We got the green  salsa and some kind if brown one. The brown salsa was so good! Wish the green salsa wasn't that salty but it would of been really good! We also got beans as out dip too! I mixed the green salsa and bean together so it won't be so salty so that was good.It took me forever to order cuz I didn't know what to get! Everything sounded so good! I got the make your own burrito! I got confused of the meat part cuz it i wanted shredded beef so the menu said "shredded chicken or beef & carnitas" so I thought they give you both beef and carnitas cuz it didn't say OR . Right? You pick one meat and its a dollar extra if you want another one. So I got charged . Idk what sauce to get for my burrito so I got something red lol and cheese! It was good too! Haha but damn was that burrito huge ;)  haha! My hubby got 2 tacos they were able to let him choose 2 different meat with no extra charge! Shredded beef and shrimp!Out waitress also got us a super super spicy salsa! Habanero!! Omg was that spicy!!!!!! I'm on fire!!!! Hahaha! Soo full after a third of my burrito! Well..Probably cuz all that yummy chips and salsa! Last but not least! I almost forgot my churro that I saw on yelp that someone posted a picture! And that looked bomb! And guess what! It's so darn fresh!!!! So when our waitress brought it out, I noticed I didn't get any sauce like raspberry and Carmel. She said its order on ask so I was aww oka but then  she still got it for me!! :) yaya! Couldn't eat the churro there :( but it had to be eaten that night ! And it was warm still when I got home! It was still so good! Drooool have to come here again!!! :)))))))
4	Wife was craving spicy food last night...Leticia's is right down the street and look, a $15 for $25 Yelp deal too! This was our third visit to Leticia's and I have to say, I'm a fan!They've been fairly busy each time we visited but they get you seated quickly. One reason behind my 4 stars is their waiting area. It's extremely small and with the cold weather right now, no one wants to be outside. Last night was a busy night and you could barely get in the door to put your name down. They also don't take reservations so with large groups waiting for a table, it was hard to even find a place to stand out of the way from employees and guests coming/going.As far as the food goes, I haven't had a bad experience here. As soon as you sit down you're greeted with warm chips and 3 dips, one of which is a bean dip which my wife absolutely loves. They also serve a guacamole style dip and a spicier red salsa. Each one is good, the salsa has a good spice to it and they each have a great fresh homemade taste.  Being a cheese fanatic, on our first visit, I had the QuesaTacos and they are spectacular. Last night I had the tamales and even those surprised me since most "restaurant tamales" just aren't that good. I love that they will let you choose two styles in several dishes like the tacos and tamales I've had. I decided on 1 green sauce chicken and 1 red sauce beef tamale. My wife went with shredded chicken enchiladas. The food came out extremely fast and was even brought to us by the Executive Chef of the restaurant. They plate the dishes with generous portions of rice and beans . My tamales were delicious, the masa was moist and fluffy, both meats were juicy and even by themselves had great flavor. The only thing I did not like about the tamales were the onions. I'm usually a fan of onions but they basically threw on some slices of raw onion that just didn't quite work with the tamales. All in all, a great meal and my wife loved the enchiladas as well!With the $15 for $25 deal, our bill came out to $5.49 (without tip) which included two dinners, one soda and one beer. Beer being another reason for my 4 star review. As another Yelper noted, they serve their beer in frosted mugs which for us beer guys is a little disappointing. Other than that though, Leticia's serves great food at decent prices and we'll definitely be coming back!
3	Food was good...nothing to rave about but enjoyable nonetheless.  The booth we were seated in was darker than normal....even if it was for "mood" lighting.  Our biggest disappointment was the mediocre service....almost snail-like for a relatively empty establishment.  On the plus side, the chips and salsa was good.R&J
5	I live in summerlin so this place is a little out of the way but way worth the trip. The pablano stuffed with shrimp is so damn good! I wanted to take a whole other one home to eat later.  The salsa's here are authentic and have just the right kick.  Gustavo is an absolute gentleman and makes you feel like you are eating at his home.
5	Feeling like GOOD Mexican food for dinner I had the idea of eating at Leticia's. We loved it so much the time we ate here before despite the ordeal we went through (see my previous review for details) that I knew it wouldn't be long before I had some of this yummy food in my tummy.I was so pleased with the "Happy Hour Menu". It runs Mon-Fri from 3-6 pm. You can get margaritas 50% off! They have other food items starting at $2.50. We tried the "Cheese Quesadilla" and "Chorizo Taco". Both were well worth the regular menu price but getting them and just a great discount is just a bonus! They had other things like nachos, toastadas etc.I tried the "Carnitas & Carne Asada Tacos" tonight and they were just so tasty. The rice that comes with it is good but the beans are the winner. The beans are thick and have great flavor.The "Fried Ice Cream" is very yummy!My experience as far as service and the food and restaurant are the same. Excellent.I wanted to update my review to let others know about the happy hour menu and the quality and consistency of Leticia's.
5	Great place. Very unique Mexican food.
5	My husband and I had one of our first dates here....and we just about LOVED everything about this place. The location, the service, the quality, the ambiance - everything!The service was amazing. I am not a big margarita person but I had quite a few that night and I didn't get heartburn. Plus the street tacos I had were so delicious!I had their beef tamales and they were AWESOME and the most authentic I've had in Vegas.Unfortunately, we now live on the other side of town but we always are looking for an excuse to go back.
5	This place is a local favorite so we never visit on the weekend because of the wait. But the food is always worth it. The beans are the best! We have never had heat lamp tortured food, and everything has always tasted fresh. This isn't your tex-mex average cuisine, it is so much better.
5	Classy Mexican restaurant with popping flavors
5	This is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant.  I have eaten here so often that this review won't scratch the surface.  Instead, I'll concentrate on the items I have eaten in the recent past: the Molcajete de Mariscos & Pastel de Tres Leches.Molcajete de Mariscos, served spicy -  Lobster, clams, shrimp, mussels, & fish in a special sauce, white arroz poblano (rice, peppers, & cheese casserole ).  Served in a hot Molcajete (three-legged round bowl, which has been carved out of basalt).  The seafood was all perfectly cooked, the broth was spicy but not too hot.  The broth was flavored of roasted peppers, tomatoes, & seafood broth (not fishy).  The arroz served as a balance to the bold flavors of the broth but very tasty in its own right.  Something that impressed me was the white fish being flaky, the shellfish being tender, not rubbery, and the lobster meat being easy to pull out of tail, but not overcooked.  I highly recommend this dishPastel de Tres Leches - A very moist desert cake topped with citrus & whipped cream.  I am not a great lover of cake, but this is sublime.  Moist & flavorful, Leticia also infuses some type of cordial or liquor in the cake.  The flavor is creamy with a mild citrus flavor.  If you're a choc-o-holic, maybe you should look elsewhere, but, I consider this a great desert.Standard Margarita - Buy them by the pitcher, on the rocks.  They put the ice in your glass and the pitcher remains un-diluted.  Every drink is good with their perfect proportions and better than average tequila.  The Cadillac Margarita is expensive, but excellent.The only problem I ever have at Leticia's has been service.  Since I am a regular, that typically isn't a problem, so I may not be the best to assess their service.  Regardless, the staff is always warm & friendly with many regulars, and very friendly regulars at the bar.  Of special note: During warmer months on Mondays, street tacos are available in front, on the corner of Norman Rockwell & Farm Road.  Reduced price and, in my opinion, even better flavor.  On Saturday nights, after 8, there is karaoke in the bar area. Gustavo (restaurant partner) typically sings and gently cajoles the regulars into giving it a go. Very fun. The restaurant itself is very clean and is in the location that was previously Joey's Seafood Only.  Parking is generous with street parking on Norman Rockwell and a well lit parking lot behind the restaurant.That's all for now!
3	3 stars.  Cold food was sent back.  Kinda snotty waitress. BUT - if can get passed that, the food was AMAZING! Completely traditional Mexican food.  I ordered a Paloma to drink (2 of them) and potato filled Flautas with Mexican corn.   The green salsa will make you reminisce of GTO. Ay mi comadre, que te adoro!
5	One of the best Authentic Mexican Restaurants...Food is Amazing and large portions! Salsa and guacamole dip delicious. Waitress was attentive and friendly, thoroughly enjoyed the experience. My son and mother loved it...they couldn't get enough!
5	I eat at Leticia's frequently.  I have tried many different dishes (all fantastic!) and have had many margaritas (delicious).  Great staff!  They have fun street festivals during special occasions.  So happy that it's close by!
3	2.5 StarsI wanted to like it. I really wanted to since the reviews were very recommending. 1 - We came on a Sunday Afternoon about 2pm or so. We waiting for about 15-20 minutes before getting seated only to find plenty of sitting was there the whole time. Why leave your guest waiting when they don't have to?NEGATIVE2 - The CHIPS were delicious! Not overly done, just perfect as it crumbled very nice. POSITIVE3 - Our server compeltely forgot our GUACAMOLE. NEGATIVE4 - The no spice sauce was SALTY. Even for me that loves salt!NEGATIVE5 - Horchata is one of the best Horchata's I've ever had. Delicious. POSITIVE POSITIVE6 - The wait time for food was ridiculous. About 30 minutes for, Chimichanga Style Burrito (nothing fancy) & a plate of Cheese Enchilada & a taco (Carne Asade was dry). NEGATIVE NEGATIVE7 - The staff was OK - nothing out of ordinary8 - Decor was nice.-2Overall, we were thoroughly disappointed after our $30 bill. Wouldn't drive out of the way for this FAVORITE Mexican of most :(
5	Im not sure how this place has a 4 star rating because the food is the best mexican food in nevada. They start you off with chips and 4 types of dips and salsas. Everything ive eaten here from the fajitas, carne asada, chili colorado, tamales its all so delicious. Its a very far drive for me and i try to get here at least once a month. Easily my favorite mexican food ever.
5	My family and I love everything about this place. So delicious!
4	I like it here. The wife wasn't as impressed but I had a great chimichanga and a delicious Jack Daniels Margarita so I'm sold. Good prices and friendly staff.
5	My wife and I have recently become vegan and vegetarian. We weren't sure what we would be able to find at Leticia's, but we saw quickly that the veggies only fajitas would work perfectly. The fajitas were amazing! We ordered one plate with extra veggies and it was super filling! We barely finished it! Highly recommend Leticia's even if you are "off the meat"!
5	My family love  Leticia's! Whenever they come to visit this is on their list of "must go to" They usually request a 2nd & 3rd visit time allowing! The food is excellent, the staff are extremely friendly!
5	Amazing food. Friendly, prompt service. Fair prices. Warm, fun atmosphere. Basically, a must try. I love Leticia's!
4	Excellent service!!! They were on top of our needs... Beautiful interior of restaurant..  Chips and the 3 salsas are great ...  Will come back
4	Really enjoy this place. The place is cozy and inviting. The food is yummy and the prices are decent.
5	Hands down, my favorite Mexican restaurant.  And I'm from San Diego, the land of Mexican restaurants.  We've been to Leticia's more times than I can count in the year that I've lived here.  We've brought every one of our house guests to Leticia's - and that's a whole bunch because when you live in Vegas people come out of the woodwork to visit.  Everyone we've introduced to Leticia's has fallen in love, just like we did.Some of our favorites include: Poblano White Rice Casserole (I order it on the side no matter what else I'm ordering), El Molcajete, Quesa Tacos, Sopa de Consomme (which I get to go every time I'm sick) and their bean dip.  The chips are dangerously addicting.  We've never had anything that was bad.  Also, the service is great.  The first time we went our waiter, Mario, was so fantastic that we request to sit in his section every time we visit Leticia's.  He know's the menu inside and out always gives the best suggestions!  Also, I have to say, I am allergic to MSG and normally stay away from ordering anything with sauce and almost never order soup in restaurants.  If I eat anything with MSG in it I get a horrific migraine the next day.  I have never had a negative reaction to their food.  Before I ordered the soup I asked if they made it in house.  The chef got on the phone and said it was made in house and from scratch.  I wish there were more restaurants like this one!
5	Food was amazing. Justin at the bar, was incredible!  Great suggestions for entrees and drinks!
2	Came in for a late lunch had to wait 20 mins for a seat the place wasn't that busy and the service was very slow plus the food wasn't all that just o.k
3	Since this review was written I have returned to Leticia's and while the food remained delicious, the service is very inconsistent. I've had 5 star service at Leticia's.Unfortunately, the last time I was there a larger party was seated next to us and we literally did not get any attention from our server again. Someone else dropped our food off at the table and we had to wait several minutes and then chase someone down to get our drinks refilled. Finally, we had to ask a busboy passing by for the check. Even though he had to approach our server in order to get the check, she still did not deliver it to us, apologize for the wait or say goodbye to the table. We were so disappointed.Although my last experience was extremely bad, we had noticed on previous visits that the service was not always awesome. The failures in service and inconsistency are too much to deal with and I probably won't be returning to Leticia's for some time. I think it is very unfortunate because the food is just so good and we were so excited to find that restaurant nearby. I am updating this review in hopes that the management will realize that great food isn't worth much if it is delivered to the table cold, late and without a drink.
1	ROACHES!!!???!!!! We always loved this restaurant (despite the usually slow service) but May 1st 2013 will have been our last time ever eating here. I am a couple months pregnant, my 6 year old son and my husband were given our entrees and as I leaned over for my second bite of fajitas I see a roach hanging out on  the table between my dinner plate and my fajita platter! My husband scooped it up with a napkin. We all just sort of froze out of disbelief! When the waiter stopped by a few moments later, my son announced there had been a roach on our table. My husband discreetly handed him (Mario) the napkin. He didnt seem too frazzled by this. Mario informed us that the owner have been spending a lot of money trying to fix their bug problem! Umm??? Hello??? They know they have a serious problem and they are still serving costumers??? I left the table and went to the car. When my husband showed up I asked him what they did or said about this. He said they gave us 3 dollars off our meal! Wow, thanks! There is a call being put into the health dept. on this issue. ROACHES and food dont mix!!!!
5	Best Mexican in town. Salsas are to die for and their casserole rice is amazing!!!!
1	Apparently, after three consecutive days of being on hold for no less than eight minutes before frustratingly hanging up, ( and thinking " OTRA  VEZ! No mames!!!) while only trying to order chicken posole to go, I have decided that this restaurant REALLY does not want my business or money. Wish granted.
2	Hit or miss. The last time we went here, we walked out. Food is alright, nothing special. Some servers take pride in their work, but the most recent had an attitude. We downed the chips and salsa waiting for our meal and as we were drinking margaritas wanted to continue to nibble. We asked for more. This was strange as they customarily bring new before you are out... They refused to bring more and basically ignored us. They were not out of chips as they continued to bring them to new tables being sat. I went to the bar to inquire again and was told they would be right out. 5 minutes passed and then we were told our food was almost ready so we didn't need more. What!?! We paid for our margaritas and promptly exited the building.
4	I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but this place is pretty delicious! I'd recommend this place to anyone!! LOVE IT!
4	I really wish I could give 3.5 stars to Leticia's. I've been here three times and had widely different service each time. The first time was fabulous and inline with the overall score this place gets on Yelp. Our waiter was very helpful in navigating their somewhat complicated menu and process. It all turned out well.The second time we went was a tragedy. We arrived with friends for a double-date night, signed in and waited outside with lots of other people waiting as well. After a half hour and noticing other, new tables getting seated before us, I enquired of the hostess what the deal was and found out that we'd been totally skipped on the list about ten patrons ago. After expressing my displeasure, we still waiting about five minutes, then on the way to the table, my friend fell due to water on the floor. Apologies? Manager rush over to gush on us? Nope...just a, "Sit here" in a booth a little too small for four grown adults. The food was still good though.Third time, tie breaker, we arrived on a Sunday after church and sat outside and it wasn't very busy. This time the service was prompt and the food delicious. The beautiful weather on the small deck didn't hurt either.So, that's why I'll let the "tie go to the runner" and give a four. We'll see what the next visit delivers. My advice? Go when it's not super busy to ensure a good trip.
5	It has been a while since we ventured this way and we forgot how good the food really is.  The menu is excellent, the smells coming from he kitchen are rich and mouth watering.  They are very busy tonight but we manage to get a seat.  We order a couple of appetizers, Mexican Shrimp Cocktail, large chunks of crab, shrimp, lime, avocado, and tostaditas, very good, and the Volcanoes tostaditas, 3 mini tostades with yummy melted cheese, pico de gallo and creme.  Both very good.For my main entree, I couldn't resist getting the El Molcajete (fajitas), grilled carne asada, tiger prawns,  grilled nopales (cactus) and again some yummy melted cheese served in the volcano bowl.  Love this, a must try.Service was great, food was delicious, just wish she'd open a location on the West side!
5	We went to Leticia's because our coworkers said we should try it out, and me being a great Mexican cook :) thought the experience would be disappointing. Not at all, best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! Authentic and delicious food, once seated the service was fast and friendly. My hubby and I went for lunch and it took the host a few minutes to acknowledge us, but the delicious food made up for it.  We had the salsa macha, queso fundido, sopes and the carne asada. Can't wait to try more food on their menu.
5	My wife and I finally tried Leticia's for lunch at the recommendation of our friends.  First I must start by saying that my wife makes the best authentic Mexican food around and we tavel to Mexico a lot as well so we are quite picky in this area.  After all the dissappointing experiences and attempts at finding good Mexican food in Vegas we had all but given up...until now!  Leticia's was a pleasant surprise with great food and awesome lunch prices.  It took a little bit to get noticed and seated, but after that the service was great.  There were a lot of items on the restaurant that you just don't see at other Mexican restaurants, and my wife commented about seeing dishes that her mom used to make...and her mom is where she got her skills from so great sign!  The chips and salsa were great, and lots of roasted options and good selection of heat.  My wife had Sopes and I had Carne Asada and Carnitas combo and both were great.  It is a great place for a lunch date or family and friends...we will definitely be back when we don't feel like cooking at home!
4	I wish there for 4.5 stars for instances like this... I truly felt Letcia's was better Mexican than Lindo Michoacan (which I gave 4 stars), but being located up in Centennial I can't see myself visiting unless I happen to be in the area.My party of 8 waited for 45 min on a busy Friday night and were seated outdoors.  Chips and 3 kinds of dip/salsa were brought to the table in a timely manner after we ordered our drinks.i ordered a taco combo plate of both ground beef and carne asada with the standard beans and rice sides.  The hearty helping came in a double wrapped soft tortilla which I thought was genius so everything doesn't rip through on the first bite.  I felt overall the tacos had a bit more flavoring than Lindo for about the same price point.I just wish this place was closer!!!
5	Went on a whim last night and it was fabulous! Mario was our server and he was phenomenal. Fajitas, mole, and carne asada were our choices and all delish. We started with the Mexican corn and their homemade chips and salsas. I have not one negative thing to say. It was so so good! Our whole experience was perfect.
5	Looove this place. Usually there is a long wait but it's totally worth it. The food is amazing. Try the Cadillac margarita. Prices are very reasonable. Love the service. We like to sit outside because its so nice
2	This restaurant use to be a 4.5 star but now I rate it a 2 star because of the diminishing quality of the food.  We are regulars sometimes even going twice a week and the food the last 3-4 times was just ok.  We wonder if they are having problems with keeping a kitchen staff??Seating, I have read earlier reviews that you have to wait along time for a seat only to find out seats are open.  I am commenting because we love this restaurant and we want them to get their act together.  Just a note, this is my VERY FIRST YELP REVIEW.  I just signed up to write a review for this restaurant.
5	Great food and our server was the best, find Morri at the bar.Was my first time in for dinner, Morri was great, he took time explaining some of the many things offered on the menu, answering all our questions. The food was great and very traditional. I know I will be back, and if Morri is working I will be sitting at the bar.
4	My husband and I only sit at the bar when we go for Happy Hour. Their appetizers are good, and Liz is the best bartender ever.....she makes a mean margarita and Im picky! Only reason it is 4 stars instead of 5 is their machines are the tightest Ive ever played. I ve never won anything there and neither has anyone else. But Liz is still great.
3	This place is Great for Drinks. The food is ok but a bit overpriced.
5	Its been awhile since I've been to a Mexican restaurant and seen something on the menu I've never eaten before. Today the clouds parted and the Sun shown down on my new favorite Pork Chop dish in Vegas. The Chuletas!  I was a little nervous as I am a bit particular when it comes to my Pork Chops but as soon as the waitress placed it in front of me and the intoxicating aroma hit my nose I had to fight the urge to dive right in and wait until my entire table was served.Ooh the Humanity! The wait was killing me but once I started I couldn't stop. If it wasn't a business lunch and if I wasn't there with my colleagues I may have just ordered a second Pork Chop!The chips salsa and refried bean appetizer was delicious but might not be touched on my next trip. Will want to save room for that Pork Chop.Their salsa is a mild salsa with great flavor. For those looking for something a little more spicy ask for a habanero salsa dish to be brought out with the nachos. It was hot and had great fresh flavor. I couldn't tell if was from a can or not as my coworkers and I made that dish disappeared in less than five minutes but I'd guess freshly made.The Staff was amazing and had a lot of personality as they interacted with my group of seven. One even went so far as to call me a Gringo for ordering flour tortillas. Was not expecting that and I played along making it an ongoing joke throughout the meal.All in all I loved this place and can't wait till I have the opportunity to return!
4	We Happened to stumble upon this cozy Mexican restaurant while driving around. I Yelp it and it has good reviews, good price so we went ahead with no hesitation to try it. We got our food in no time and Viola! love at first bite.  Everything tasted fresh and the unique taste just out do the other Mexican  restaurant I had tried. They have put a lot of effort in cooking and preparing the food that you can taste it (you know what I mean.)It  tasted like you really in another country so authentic. Nice ambiance, great service. You are welcomed as soon as you walk in. Overall all it was a great dining experience for my hubby and I. And most definitely be dropping by more often.
1	This place Sucks.! The carne asada was terrible. They just grilled a piece of top sirloin and called it carne.! The margarita was so water downed that I couldn't even drink it.! Chips were stale and nasty.! F this place..!!!!
5	Great food, knowledgable and attentive service. Too bad it's very far from my house, but they are open until 2 am (despite what it says above). You have to get the cochinita pavil appetizer!
5	Awesome place, fresh chips accompanied with salsa verde, a deep dark roasted salsa and yes warm bean dip, yum! Had the chile verde, rice and beans, one of the best chile verde dishes I've ever eaten. My bro asked our server Cecilia if the had vegetarian and she tells us they can do anything vegetarian his meal was awesome too, cheese enchiladas, black beans and rice. She was awesome too!!If your in Northern  end of Vegas off the 95 you have to stop her
4	I've been here several times and have never found "my dish" that I always come back for (until this night).  I come back for the ambiance and to keep trying to find that one dish that makes me crave coming back.  Saturday we brought some out of town friends here for dinner.  Looking for somewhere they haven't been before we thought this was the place that wouldn't disappoint.  We were greeted by the hostess as soon as we walked in.  There were people waiting but we were seated right away.  The waiter came to take our drink order.  He was very friendly and offered up some recommendations.  He brought out the complimentary chips and salsa.  There was two types salsa - one smokey (not good) and the other was a tomato based salsa and was very tasty.  It also came with a warm bean dip which because a favorite of the table.  The chips were an "eh".  Nothing special and not even sure if they were freshly made but with the salsa/bean dip you didn't really notice.  We did order some of the freshly made guacamole.  It was pretty bland and was in need of salt, but I would rather put my own salt on guacamole anyway.The BF and I both ordered the street tacos.  The waiter said they were what he usually ordered and so we thought we were good to go.  I ordered ground beef, chicken and carne asada on flour tortillas.  They were so good and I think I found my craving for this place.  It really was so much food though.  I only ate two and picked at the 3rd one.  It came with rice and beans and I only had a couple bites of rice.  I do love the rice here...its a no nonsense rice-tomato sauce and diced onion is my guess.  The BF and I also split a Mexican style corn on the cob (they cut it in half) that came topped with a white creamy cheese sauce and seasonings on top.  The corn itself had little cornels so it was just blah to me.  I might have to try this corn again because I'm not quite sure how I felt about it.  It was much different than I've had before.The middle of our meal the owner stopped by our table to make sure everything was going good. I think he has done that every time we have been here.  I always appreciate an owner or even the manager that can take time to acknowledge their customers.  A simple effort but not many do it.As our dinner started to wind down the karaoke crew started funneling in.  I had forgotten that they do karaoke on the weekends.  So we extended our drinks and our stay to watch some people strut their stuff.  I believe the starting time was 9pm.  Pretty smart to bring in a new crowd just as the dinner crowd is thinning out.  I hope it brings in some added business for them.  Really fun to kick back, catch up with friends with some good live music in the back ground.  Overall, the service is very personable and caring, the food is a delight, the ambiance is cozy and after 9pm on the weekends live karaoke lovin.  Score!
4	Leticia's...one of the best places that you can eat in the Northwest!I've tried a little bit of everything here...but my favorites are probably the Burritos and tacos!You can essentially customize your own food here, from the salsa to the ingredients, and of course, the meat! My particular burrito was made with Al Pastor and Red Guajillo, Black Beans, and House Blend Cheese. This was a BEAST...had to take the other half to go! Really loved the salsa...it was actually a bit spicy!I also liked the Queso Fundido : Chorizo, Gouda, and Menonita Cheese. Super cheesy mix, with tons of oil and fat...just like chorizo should be! It was almost too cheesy actually, with it being super stringy and a little difficult pulling apart! But that's what friends are for...to help you with your cheese!Even the complimentary salsa and chips are great, and bottomless if you enjoy them as much as us! Prices seem a bit steep at first, but the quality of ingredients, taste, and portions make it worth it.  Wish the portions were smaller with more reasonable prices to reflect that...ie a burrito at half the size, but around the $10 mark vs $15.Took plenty of pics, check em out! :
4	Best I've had in Vegas. If you're looking for good, authentic Mexican food, this place won't disappoint!
5	My family, coworkers and friends visit regular for both lunch and dinner since their opening, great food, service and atmosphere.
4	Solid mex food and solid drinks, especially if you live in the Northwest Valley.  This is the upscale mexican you are looking for , some would give it 5 stars, but I wouldnt as while its authentic, something is missing, maybe it just the fact they have to produce more, it misses some of that motherly love from a tiajuana street house or a few leaves of cilantro, or maybe its missing a lime.  NOt sure, but its really really good, I would rate the food 5 stars, value 4 stars, location 1 star, unless you live up here in Canada Vegas, and 4 star service, 4 star atmosphere, so 4 stars...If I could give it a half star I would....give it a try...undalay undalay yee ba esa...esa..........OH, by the way, the drinks are 5 star!
2	I know I'm in the minority here, but this place just wasn't that good.  The service was slow, the food was sub par and there really isn't a reason for me to go back.I went here with some family and tired a few different things on the menu and wasn't impressed.  The tamales were bland, the tacos were cold and the salad not impressive.  In a city with lots of good Mexican food, I see no reason to eat here.
5	The Chicken Tostadas are amazing! The Margaritas are superb! And if you're looking for some fun while dining they have karaoke night! The owner actually sat and spoke with us for a bit. A very down-to-earth place ;)
4	The service was amazing and food delicious
4	Came here after a long hike to refuel and left very full!  Leticia's is a solid Mexican place to stuff yourself silly.  I'm not a Mexican food expert, but everything I had was yummy.  Some may quibble at the lack of authenticity or "overpackaging" (regarding presentation and decor), but the atmosphere is fun and the food is good.  On my visit a couple of days ago, service was a little bit slow, but waitstaff were still nice and fairly accommodating.  Portions are large, prices are mid-range (i.e., not cheap but not wallet-breaking), and the free salsa and chips are really quite good!  Try the meatball soup for something warm and differently delicious.
5	We ate here about a month ago. I'm writing about Leticia's now because their service and food was unforgettable!  Let me tell you this place pays a lot of attention to detail. The glasses were chilled, tortillas warm, and our waitress was so friendly.  It was the small perks of eating here that went a long way. We came here on our cheat day and I wanted to give up my diet for good after eating here. I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	wow...WOW...W O W!!this place is fantastic! i was impressed with this mexican food place. the horchata is divine!!! (no rice water powder here) I had a carne asada burrito and that was spectacular, and my husband had the red posole and i couldn't stop eating from his bowl. FIVE stars well deserved. the waiters were very nice too!! its about 12 miles from the strip but if you want some great authentic mexican food come here!
2	Come here quite often, in my opinion this is probably one of the better Mexican restaurants in town. Prices are a bit high but you get what you pay for. I love the complimentary green salsa as well as the red salsa. Only complaint from me is service. Bartenders are awesome but wait staff, is not always the best. I work as a server as well & I just believe you should always make your guests feel welcomed rather than a nuisance. Our server Dolce (i believe was her name, didn't get a receipt) was extremely rude. My friends and I sat without water for about 20 minutes. we consistently tried to get our servers attention & she just kept walking away from our table as we were trying to order a drink. & then when I finally got frustrated and went to the bar to order my Bloody Mary, she asked me why I didn't order the drink through her! & when I responded saying that I had tried to, several times, she told me I didn't. Whatever, I just kept to myself but when it came to paying we had asked for separate checks & she brought one check & then disappeared for another 15 minutes & then split the checks with the wrong items on each bill. TWICE. I can understand that being confusing had there of been 10 of us or something but there were only 3. It's not that hard. Needless to say, my friends and I got so frustrated that we just paid the bill and then figured out the proper amounts later on. Overall experience... Disappointing, but I will be back nonetheless because the food is good.
2	Leticia's USE to be a great place for Mexican food, unfortunately no longer. The service is very slow and sporadic at best. The food lately has been just ok, and the quality has definitely gone down hill. We enjoy eating at local places, non chains and are very disappointed in the direction this restaurant is going.
5	So glad we found a mexican restaurant on this side of town!  Was pleasantly surprised...cute shopping center and decor. The place was busy for lunch on Saturday with no waiting time.  The chips and salsa/bean dip were good.... The husband got the Street Tacos (chicken and carnitas) which was excellent served along side beans and rice.  I got the Mexican style Hamburguesa (because we just had mexican the night before!) and this was like a torta, but so tasty!  Not like a regular hamburger and big enough to share!  They have a  great happy hour M-F which I can't wait to try when I'm not pregnant and can enjoy some margaritas!  :)  Can't wait to go back. Fun atmosphere and would love to sit outside next time.
1	It's so sad cause this place is in such a beautiful ambiance ,  the atmosphere is wonderful... But the food is horrible...  But u can get a pitcher of margaritas for a good price!  So don't go there if you are looking for good food...
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.  I seriously miss it every time I go back home to Atlanta. Things to Know:- The Salsa Macha is insanely good if you are into hot- Justin the bartender is great at what he does.- The bean dip is not vegetarian- Chips are so yummm- Open late :-)- You should try the cafe olla- All my clients love this place
5	So yummy! Great staff and awesome authentic mexican food! It's off the strip and well worth the drive.
5	American gourmet Mexican. Very good! The taco salad is my fave but I've never had something here I didn't like!
2	Food was fine but was asked to leave table after we paid our bill. It had only been a few minutes. We had not been drinking so it was not because we were drunk, maybe it was because we were not drinking and spending enough $. Either way- first time and last time.
3	I've been here a few times and to me the food isn't bad but not the best.  I do have a problem with the frozen margaritas.  On two occasions, the same thing: the margarita is liquid and not frozen, along with being not very cold.  I felt it sat in a blender all day and the ice melted and it was served.  I may go back, but I won't order a margarita.
1	All I can say is fuck Justin. Worst service ever. The food was cold and bland. Homeboy decided to drop my to-go box on the floor, throw out one piece of food that fell, put the rest back in and informed me that the "other part is fine", after I watched it hit the floor...  He was abrasive and sketchy, and the whole experience was incredibly disappointing.
4	The staff here is always so friendly and warm!!!  The first time we went my guy had ordered the menudo. It came out with a really pasty consistency, almost like gravy. Really odd considering the more broth like soup I had been accustomed to. I later learned there are various ways to make it and this was one. Either way we brought it to out kind waiters attention and he took it off the bill and was very understanding. The food was too authentic for me to never try it again...... So I've actually been back numerous times since... For business meeting, lunch specials and just for fun. It's fast becoming my FAVORITE Mexican restaurant !!!!! It's a little pricey, but this can be avoided mainly by going during lunchtime! :) I'm sure they'll get another start once I've tried more on the menu. Love love love this place!!
5	My mom is from Michoacan and Leticia's Cocina is like going home with a culinary twist. It's a testament to how authentic the flavors of each dish is when my own mom makes me take her here when she visits. I usually eat at the bar because the bartenders are charming and attentive. I have tried everything on the menu and never  been disappointed.
3	The food here is okay, but nothing special. The food tastes okay, but it is expensive for what you get. My favorite part was the chips with salsa and bean dip, which are ironically free when you find in.
4	Chips and salsa were greatI got 2 cheese enchiladas one red and one with ranchera sauce when it came out I had one green instead of red but they caught it before they brought it out and brought a third red a few minutes later.  The ranchera was great went with the cheese perfectly.  The green would have been better with chicken or fish.  Tons of food didn't even eat the third but the red sauce is tasty.  Left overs are great.  Will be back sometime.
5	I'll keep it simple and short for the Bottom Line: you want good DF Mexican food? This is the place.Had the Mexican grilled corn and the house queso tacos. Grilled corn was okay. Tacos are amazing..!
5	Went there for lunch.  It was our first time there.  Food was great.  Chips and 3 dips were really good.  Great service.  Nice place.  We were looking for a new Mexican restaurant to try, and we found a good one.  We will go back again, soon.
5	AMAZING!!! BEST Bloody Mary's EVER!! BEST homemade mozeralla!!The food is just perfect!
5	The food and the service was very good and the staff was friendly. Best Mexican food that we have had in Las Vegas so far.
1	My girlfriend and I have been wanting to come here for awhile, we finally came & we had the worst experience ever. We asked our server for a few minutes to look over the menu & he never came back. 15 minutes later, someone finally came and took our order. We waited awhile and when they brought our food, they got the whole order wrong. My girlfriend ordered soup and it never came out. Worst service ever. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Omg the best !!! The Bloody Mary mix with red salsa is to die for  sometimes the wait is a little to long especially when your starving but the food is worth the wait! Also I never found a restaurant that serves the corn so fancy lol LOVES IT
5	This is by far my favorite place on the NW side of the valley. Never disappointed with the enchiladas, fajitas and I like their chips & salsa. Must try the rice!!
4	Looove this place. Everything I have here is awesome. Quality food and service every single time. I try to get something different each time we go. Pretty authentic Mexican food.
5	If you want great Mexican food, look no further. This is our favorite Mexican restaurant and have yet to have a bad experience here, despite visiting more than a dozen times. The build your own burrito is unbelievable!
5	Amazing place!! Luciano and Marija our waiters have been wonderful!! Puffy tacos were so great that I could only eat one..rib eye tacos were so tender..the cutest lil old men have been doing karaoke..just a fun lively place once again..a must try!!
4	Great authentic Mexican food!!! There wasn't a single item that came to our table that was just outstanding!!They are only getting 4 stars because their service is pretty slow. We were seated and got drinks/chips and salsa real quick, but our server was not on his game, and we have had him before. If you are not in any hurry, definitely come eat here!!!!
3	Very good but not enough zest, the meal was bland.  Next time I will ask them to add some chili.  The server was so so, immediately asked what we wanted to drink.  Hard to say when you just sat down.  The bus girls were wonderful, offering additional chip, salsa etc. However the waiter was less than marginal definitely not worth the tip I left.  Next time we will sit in the bar.  Was it worth the price, no!  Our local roach coach chili rellano is better and a third of the price.  Would I go back yes since it is the onlyMexican resteraunt locally.
5	We snuck in to this place back when it opened, and are good for once a month trip. Without fail, one of us ALWAYS gets the El Molcajete, not a better dish in Las Vegas. Ever thankful it survived to now THRIVE in this economy!
5	One of the best things about living in the Northwest is that we are down the street from Leticias.  Great service and the freshest, best Mexican food in the City.
3	Was an alright restaurant, I would return here again, slightly overpriced though. The food quality was good though!
4	Best fajitas in vegas.  By far!!!  Queso fundido is great too.  I loved visiting this place as a resident.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas! Their chips and dip are amazing, and the meals are wonderful, as well.
1	This place is a ZERO! I took my husband there for his birthday dinner after a few good reviews. Well, this place was just awful! We waited two hours for a table they do not take reservations. Went to the bar to wait and waited 20 minutes for someone to notice and ask us if we wanted anything** another 25 minutes to receive our drinks a bottle beer and a house Margarita with no straw! Asked waitress to check on our table witch she never did, Three times my husband got up to check, apparently we had been skipped even after checking 3 times.The staff was very roude and unwelcoming. The food was nothing great it was exactly the same as my neighbor hood taqurilla but ten times more expensive. I was very upset ruining my husbands dinner. I will never go back and I will give bad reviews. Do not come here if you want a great Mexican place go to Lindo Michuacan, they should take tips from them*** I hate this place!
4	The good here is great! Very authentic and fresh. Their lunch specials are great and you can't beat the price either. This last time I had the carnitas and tortilla soup and both were AMAZING! This if definitely one of my favorite places. Only con is the server was pretty slow and it took forever to get a refill on our drinks.
2	Went in for a late night dinner. The bartender sat us and another couple at the same time. We were sat at tables next to eachother . We got waters and chips from the busser right away. The bartender Justin came to tell us about happy hour but decided to save time and tell both tables at the same time ..I felt that was a little tacky. Then he got the other tables drink order. When he took our drink order I ordered the Horchotini. The other table recived their soups and drinks before he asked for our order..by that time we had filled up on chips . My drink was great but by the time we got the food we were not very hungry anymore. We had it boxed up to go..they should promote the busser to a server he took more time at our table..
2	Frequent diners with little complaints however our last visit was the worst.  Our sever was more focused on pleasing a group of "family/relatives" to the owner then she was on her other tables.  We had to remind her several times to bring us a drink & that we were ready to order.
3	I love the 3 complimentary salsas and their chips are awesome, super light and crispy.  We tried their fajitas for 2, which were tasty, but mostly veggies and less meat than the competition.  Guacamole was good, but they don't offer table side preparation.  Their Mexican corn was a fantastic little surprise that I never see on most other menus.  Whatever you do, DO NOT order a bloody mary here.  This was without a doubt the worst bloody mary I've ever ordered.  They politely agreed to swap me out for a beer when I explained the predicament.  I wouldn't be surprised if they get similar requests frequently.The atmosphere is nice, the decor kinda looks like it used to be a Chili's or something like that.  We visited on a Sunday evening, and the place was hopping and fairly noisy.  Overall, this is a 3.5 star review.  There were some high points such as the salsas and menu variety, but the bloody mary, meat quantity in the fajitas, and no homemade tortillas left more to be desired.
5	This was my first time here. .best place for Mexican food in Vegas. .I ordered the chicken fajitas..The portion size was huge could serve 2 .The salsa and bean dip were delicious .loved the atmosphere although Friday nights are very busy will be back for more
3	We came here on a friday night and the place was super packed.. We had to wait about 25 minutes to get our table. The service was awesome, everyone here was very nice and very attentive. The food was pretty good but nothing special.. The decor and the environment are pretty nice, the best thing is that they are open until 2am! I would probably come back and give it another chance.
5	I had heard about Leticia's and had driven past it a few times while doing other things. When the Mrs. and I were discussing lunch plans on a Sunday afternoon, mexican food was mentioned and we were off to "that mexican place right down the street." The atmosphere was great and we were greeted immediately by a friendly hostess. We were seated in an area near, but away from, the bar. Chips were on the table almost simulatneoulsy with us sitting down with three different types of "dip" to induldge in. The bean dip was outstanding. Great flavor with whole pinto beans, along with a mixture of the standard consistency of bean dip. The bean dip was accompanied by a red sauce and a green tomatillo sauce. Both were very good and full of flavor.We ordered their mexican style corn as an appetizer. Corn on the cob, grilled to perfection and covered with crumbled bits of cotija cheese, melted butter and thick creamy mexican cream. This is a must have. I would have been satisfied just powering through these for lunch. I chose carne asada tacos for the entree. You have the option of hard, soft or "puffy" tortillas. The waitress was more than happy to allow me a different type of tortilla on each taco. I opted for soft and "puffy." Both were great and I would describe the "puffy" as kind of like the torilla bowl you would expect to get a taco salad in. The carne asada was thee best I have had in Vegas. It was tender and juicy with plenty of spice and flavor.The Mrs. chose the "hamburgesa." You may be asking yourself "why would she order a hamburger at a mexican food joint?" One bite and you just might say "this is the best hamburgesa I've ever had." I have had hamburgers at mexican restaurants before that are obviously just on the menu to satisfy someone who didn't want mexican but went along with the crowd. or was coerced by family or friends. This was anything other than your standard hamburger. The patty was handmade and seasoned to perfection. It comes on a torta style bun, complete with tomato, bacon and avocado. The french fries were crinkle style and mighty tasty. The menu says if you check-in on Yelp and show the waiter/waitress, you will get a free dessert. We couldn't take advantage of this, as we were stuffed and in the beginning stages of our food comas. Although nobody was seated at the bar yet, it did look like pretty cool place to hang out, catch a game on the TV and enjoy your favorite libation.I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back to work my way through a menu that includes "Baja Style Fish Tacos", "Rib Eye Tacos" and "Carne Asada Nachos."
1	Worst Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, and we are FAR from picky eaters. My husband & I were really looking forward to coming here based on the good reviews. I decided to come on my birthday, what a disappointment! The beans they serve with the chips before your meal taste like they literally took a can of pinto beans and dumped it into a bowl w/out doing anything else to it. This was easier to deal with considering they're complimentary. However, we ordered the queso fondue dip expecting it to be a creamy cheese fondue like we've had at other restaurants, but it tasted like they just took a block of mozzarella and warmed it up in a microwave then served it, for $10 at that. You couldn't even scoop it up on a chip. By this time I was already extremely disappointed and regretted coming here, but our main dishes were already on the way. They were equally as gross and cheap tasting. I was so bummed that this wasn't the "authentic" Mexican cuisine they claimed to have. I love most Mexican food but this was expensive, canned garbage! I also agree w/ a previous reviewer who said their busser gave better service than their waiter. We had terrible service to top off the terrible food. Save yourself the disappointment, there are plenty of awesome Mexican restaurants in Vegas for half the price!
5	Recently moved here from east coast. First time eating here. We had great service and the food was extremely good. Loved the tortillas and salsa. Could barely finish our meals. Will definitely bring our east coasts guests here when they visit. We will be eating here more and sitting outside as the weather gets warmer.
5	Name a restaurant that the owner makes rounds to every table welcoming them to his place... Well this is it. It was a great touch to an amazing meal. The margaritas were amazing as well.
5	One of my favorite Mexican food restaurants. We usually go during happy hour to get the half off special on bottles of wine. The Sesena is by far my favorite having just a ton of flavor.  Ask for Luciano, my favorite server. Huge knowledge.
5	The service was great and the food was delicious. Nothing to complain about. Will def go back again soon
5	We had a great meal here this evening of enchiladas and tamales.  Great place for great Mexican food and great service!
1	We came because of the great reviews.  Our server got almost every order wrong.  I give the one star for the chips and salsa.  I love good Mexican food.  This was not good at all.  I could not eat mine.  I will not try again.  The atmosphere was nice though!
5	Fantastic restaurant!  BEST Mexican food ever!  Our appetizers and entrees were phenomenal and awesome margaritas too!  Ask for Maria, she's the only "Maria" there, great service and she had great recommendations!  We had the Mexican corn, enchiladas, chile rellanos, and this awesome seafood "pot" filled with clams and Lobster...oh soooo good!   Can't wait to go back!
5	Some of the best Mexican food we've ever had! We love going here. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, & the food is delicious!Everything we've tried is so good!
5	This place is seriously the best. Delicious food, awesome service and adorable decor inside and out!
2	We ate at Leticia's for the third and last time. We had a party of six with two children We ordered 3 soups, 2 flautas and one plate of street tacos so not an over abundance of food that should take a lot of time.  It took over 45 minutes for our food to arrive It was 2 in the afternoon and it seems like a normal afternoon crowd. The food was okay but when you wait that long with children it is unacceptable. My son in law ordered a side of jalapenos and onions and the waitress brought them out 10 minutes before his food..we didn't have to pay for them because he sent them back.  Tres leche cake was terrible ..only pineapple was used and canned at that. I recommend finding somewhere else to go..
5	I have been to Leticia's with my extended family several times now, and it has become one of our favorite places to go for dinner. The authentic Mexican food is wonderful, and although they always seem to be busy, we never have to wait long. Take my advice and start your evening with a pitcher of mojitos for the table.
3	Not my type of Mexican food.... Im from Texas and I miss my Tex-Mex so much. This place had no spice or flavor in anything my husband and I tried. We had heard from numerous people that this place was great. I guess their type of great is not our type of great. Still on the hunt for our Mexican food fix in Las Vegas...
2	Went there for lunch today.  What a disappointment compared to our last visit.  Hostess said 20 min wait.  In the room to our right there were 2 booths and 2 tables open.  Only 2 women in the room.  The room on the left had a few people in it, but I could see 3 empty tables.  I don't know how many more places there were open, but that was what you could from the waiting  area.  Waited almost 30 mins and then was seated at one of the empty booths.  Waited another 30 mins for food and the order was totally messed up.  I don't know what they would do if they were busy.  I'm sorry  this happened.  The food wasn't worth the wait and we won't be going back.
3	Once upon a time I would have given this place at least a 4.5 star rating...  Leticias has lost its luster! On multiple occasions they have been out of simple things like bottled water... or a liquor behind the bar.  Items on the daily menu go unavail for days. I have spent many evenings at the bar plugging money  in the video poker machines and enjoying the company of their amazing bartenders(Justin and Liz) . My husband is a fan of many of their dishes or should I say was a fan until here  recently hes complained that the food isnt the same.  Sadly somethings gone terribly wrong we truly hope the management gets the kitchen back in order otherwise the only reason patrons like us will visit is to say hi to the staff and pray they will have our drink- Not a fan of Mexican gourmet but once upon a time I would have recommended. For now we are in search of good mexican food...  Too bad because we live so so close.
1	It wasn't very good I'm going to keep it short and sweet my husbands urging me to be nice. The hostess was very nice I never thought our waiter would ever wait on us and it really didn't matter because when the food came it was terrible.
1	Decided to come here for my wife's birthday dinner and we immediately remembered why we don't come here anymore. We waited for 1 hour before being seated, after being told the wait is 30 min and seeing a ton of people go in front of us who came in after. The service was terrible, one person in our party didn't get her food til 15 minutes after everyone else. And the food is way over priced, a burrito with 3 items in it is 15 and .75 for every additional item and 2 tacos are 13 for just meat and a side of beans and rice! The only bright spot for this place is the chips and salsa. Awesome chips and 2 salsas plus beans. All in all I will not be back just for the chips.
4	Love the food! Portions were great! Ambience, traditional Mexican decor, tasteful done. Missed going to bar, but it appears to have all sorts of tequilas and all other kinda spirits. Definitely making it a regular place to eat at. Since our new home is nearby. Note, al pastor tacos were spicy, which they should not be. I did notify the waiter but no response from the kitchen. Other than that, my shrimp cocktail was great and all the other food plates my family and friend ordered were very tasty. Also, loved the salsa and chips!
4	Service is always friendly here. Have been 3 times now and have had to wait 10-15 min each time for a table. They are always busy which I guess means it's good!  I have had the street tacos which are great but get a few because they are small. The best is the shrimp guacamole. Holy schmoly rolly Polly does this appetizer rock. It's so big it became our meal! Drinks are good as well and they have happy hours. Free chips, salsa, and beans!
2	I was with a group of 4 on a Monday night. The place was pretty crowded--which is a good sign. The drinks ordered by my group were apparently quite good. The bean dip was ok, the red salsa was marginal, and the green salsa tasted like grass. I ordered the Tampiquena--made from top sirloin which sounded interesting. When I attempted to order it medium rare, the waiter tried to explain to me that it could not be cooked to order because it was pre-cooked ( I assume he meant marinated) in lime juice, but he assured me that it was very good. I was presented with a very thin, tough and poorly seasoned piece of beef with some cold, clumpy queso on top of it. Not at all impressed. The enchilada that came with it was ok--but certainly nothing special. Judging from the other reviews here, I either came on the wrong night or ordered the wrong thing. If I happen to be this far north in LV again, I might give it another shot.
4	Very good chips when you sit down and order. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp and it was excellent...definitely be back. Nice little neighborhood gathering spot
4	Hidden gem with delish food! I could've eaten just the chips & salsa and been happy. The menu was a little tricky with the family style/individual format but we figured it out. The BF had quesataco which was different but really good. I love mole so when I got the option to pour it over taquitos, I was like hell yeah. I'll definitely be back!
2	I haven't even eaten here yet & at this point, not sure if I want to. I called to make reservations for 7. They don't take reservations (pet peeve #1). A friend called closer to our scheduled dinner time to find out if there was call ahead seating. The snippy person on the other line said "we don't take reservations or call ahead seating. The current wait time is 25-30min & it will get longer the longer you wait and btw we won't seat your party until everyone is here." Well Leticia's you might be loosing out on business from 7 paying customers.
1	The meal was appropriately comped so I give one star for the service. The chilaquilas were sad. The corn tortillas were soggy and had clearly been sitting since they had absorbed all of the sauce. We ordered our daughter the two eggs breakfast but unfortunately her eggs over medium eggs were undercooked. Overall the execution and delivery of the menu items did not meet out standards and expectations. On a side note, my husband knew the place was not going to deliver authentic Mexican cuisine because of the country music playing.
2	Though the service is very good, and owner, Gus, is a great guy, this place is a "Rich Man's" Taco Bell.Food is very, very Gringo. That would explain why there is always a wait, and why you won't find one real Mexican eating there. Portions are large, but so is the price. It is way over priced for Mexican Food. Quality is just ok. I have a friend who is obsessed with the place, so I will go back if "he's buying".I did take my neice and nephew, from Korea, who never ate Mexican Food. Gus was nice enough to spice up their food, and they did like the Carne Asada Soft Tacos.So, if 'it's someone who's never eaten Mexican Food, sure. If you want quality and value for your dollar, go to an authenic Hole in the Wall.
3	We go here all the time, love the food. Last night, we waited over 30 minutes for a table. There were over 10 empty tables but supposedly you did not have enough servers. Really, you have good business, buck up and hire more staff. The table we ended up sitting at had been empty and cleaned for 25 minutes.
3	Second visit during dinner as opposed to lunch: different experience.  Our server this time around was not as available as we would have liked.  slower service, took quite a bit longer to get our food and the place isn't THAT big of a ln establishment.  Shrimp cocktail appetizer was yummy.  The hamburguesa with the salad is keto friendly.  Margaritas were  tasty
5	If you haven't tried it, try it. Happy hour in the bar or a nice relaxing dinner I love this place every time I go. The owner manages the place and keeps it in line. Service is great and quick. The food is a true masterpiece of Mexican.
5	Leticias is simply THE BEST Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas! Previously a big fan of the Michoacan Mexican Restaurants, Leticias raises the bar 10x. Our waiter told us that the owners of Michoacan eat there! You can't go Wrong eating here!!!!
1	Went here with low expectations and it didn't let me down . Bartender was odd to put it nice . If I had a staff member that said is food good or bad I would let then know it isn't cool to put negative thoughts in customers heads . Also shouting out soy sauce is secret ingredient was super lame because that's all I tasted after it was said . Place has potential but needs to get back to basics of customer service.
5	The staff has always been on point every time I dine here and has always provided the best service. The food brings back memories for me from when I used to go to a particular restaurant in long beach California when I was a kid and it's nice to know that now I have somewhere in Vegas that has the same type of great atmosphere and amazing food. The fried ice cream is the best I've ever had so far definitely recommend Leticia's for anyone that wants some quality Mexican food. :)
5	The food and service are both outstanding!! The portions are very generous as well. Check in on yelp and let them know you did!  They'll give you a free fried ice cream which is delicious!Definitely new favorite mexican restaurant!!
5	I'm not one to give out five stars unless I feel a place earns it and honestly this is the best Mexican restaurant in town, considering this is the only Leticias in town. This isn't your typical chain restaurant.The environment inside is very nice. Decor matches the obvious theme, the lighting is at a slight dim and the bar has a sort of cantina look to it. Every time I've been the staff has always been pleasant and personable, always willing to strike up conversation besides the typical "What can I get for you?" routine.The first thing they bring out are tortilla chips made in house, along with bean dip, verde salsa and a black salsa. The chips and dips are so good that you can get full from eating so many, they are that delicious. They have a crisp airy taste and taste like they just finished making them. When I say the chips are baked in-house, you can genuinely taste that they are. Amazing way to start a meal.My first visit there I ordered the Milanesa and man was I blown away. Everything seemed to be cooked perfectly. The portions are huge so unless you come with an appetite plan on leftovers. My second visit I ordered the quesa shrimp tacos and just when I thought their food couldn't get better these tacos proved me wrong. The only way I can describe their food is to let your taste buds do all the talking for me. I decided to try out their dessert and their tres leches is delicious. I was given complimentary coffee with it which was an amazing gesture in my book. Be sure to check in as sometimes you'll get a free treat to top your meal!Overall, this place takes the cake when it comes to Mexican dining. Prices can get a tad steep but I'm okay for paying a little more when the food is well worth it. A++ in my book.
1	We took my father-in-law there and he ordered a steak burrito. He asked them if there was any shrimp in it because he is allergic to shrimp. He was told no. When the food came (after about an hour wait), he took a few bites and realized there was shrimp in it. Luckily, he had some benadryl with him and took it immediately. We told the waitress and she apologized. No manager came to talk to us. No owner came to talk to us. If he hadn't had the benadryl with him, he would have ended up at the hospital. Not good.
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas, hands down! My only complaint was the hostess, don't remember her name, but she was the worst hostess ever.  LOTS of empty tables available but she choose to not seat them and make customers wait up to 1/2 hour for a table.  Poor management skills.  Food was delicious!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  If you go on the weekend, just plan to wait awhile for a table.  Its worth the wait though!
2	This was my husband's & my 3rd visit here.  It will be our last time giving it a shot.  The style of salsa is not the kind we like.  the beans they served with chips lacked any flavor.  The Fideo soup we both ordered was thick and glupy. The salad I ordered was loaded down with about a cup of too much cheese.  The shrimp poppers were overly breaded.  Hubby did like the Consume soup.  The staff was friendly, but service was slow and they never checked on us to refill drinks.  I do like the decor, but the fluorescent lighting is bad.  The place is always packed so we thought why not give it a try again & it's so close to home.  However we won't be returning.  Sorry Leticias, Michoacan is just much much better.
1	So so disappointed... The music was big band, the menu seemed to have changed, one of our orders was wrong and the sauce tasted too strong, and my sons kids meal hamburger was burnt and half of the bun was rock hard. They did offer me another meal and I declined and they brought my son out a bean and cheese burrito. Just so sad because we really used to love this place! The menu is so expensive for what you get and the food isn't even good. They did try to make it right but just wasn't good. And it makes us sad cuz usually the food is good and reasonably priced.I think I'd rather go to Lindo Michoacan.
2	place was a bit dirty in my opinionfruit fly in my water and received a dirty dish to use for our appetizers.probably wont be back, rather drive to Lindo Michoacan which is maybe 5 minutes awaybest thing about this place was the food runner, he helped us more than our actual server.
4	I had the tacos of pastor, asada, birria and they were tasty with some good flavor for the area. I have been all over Las Vegas area there are plenty of other place who have some real deal flavorful tacos.  When in the area stop by and it will satisfy the mexican food craving. The customer service was good. There is a big parking lot in the back.
2	Very popular but very unpredictable and uneven.  The bar is always great and a margarita and complimentary chips with salsa and yummy bean dip can fill you up if you have to wait for a table which has always been the case for us.  Only two stars because the last time we went the food was not good, overly spiced, the meal was not served hot and the waiter could not be found after he took our order.  This was in the middle of the week too.  The prices are high and the servings are very large.  I think we will visit the bar and skip the food from now on.
3	The chips are fresh, so is the salsa, the food was just okay,  nothing that I would run back to! But the shrimp ceviche and the margaritas definitely would have me running back only during happy hour!The service was A1, everyone was very nice and friendly, especially my waiter Claudio!
4	Food is amazing. Love the street tacos. I wish I could remember our server's name because he was so sweet. The only thing we LIKE but not LOVE is the salsa. But when it comes to salsa, everyone is different so I wouldn't count them out just for that.
4	I met a girlfriend for a 'let's catch up lunch" and was lucky that we both agreed on this place.  Service was friendly. It took us a little bit to order because we were chatting and I was getting my son situated and the waitress kept coming over to check on us to see if we were ready to order. A little more time in between would have been better. A good waiter(ess) should be able to judge their table and know how often is too much.We started with guacamole and it was alright. My girlfriend had raved on and on about it so when we got it, she wasn't that far off.I went with a chicken finger meal for my son. The chicken fingers were made fresh with their own batter. They came out hot, fresh and crispy with plenty of french fries.I went with a fish taco and rice. There was plenty of fish on my tacos and they were super delish and yummy. I was really surprised by how much I loved them. My girlfriend ordered a chimichanga which she shared and boy oh boy, was that sucker huge. It was filled with lots of meat and cheese. Overall, I had a good experience and definitely need to make my way back soon.Perfect little spot. I wish I lived closer.
5	So freaking delicious. Chips and salsas are to die for. Fried ice cream nom nom nom wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here more often. Homemade Mexican food. Had the carne asada and chili releno with beef. Chili releno was good probably get cheese next time and the carne was spicy and soo flavorful! Can't wait to come back!!
2	Wow! It's gone downhill. It's just not the same... I order some Carne Asada and Enchilada plate.. After a few bites I was so confused. It was so bland and for some reason the enchilada had a weird powder texture. I unfortunately returned it, the server apologized and had it removedfrom the check but no manager came by?? So strange....
4	Just found this place a couple months ago and it is becoming a regular for us.  Great food, area of town and service.  I can only say that the taco salad is delicious because that's all I get.  The food my family orders looks as good as mine.  Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait which only testifies to the great meal they serve.  Tonight though, no wait at all.  Just an all around nice restaurant with great food at a reasonable price.
5	Great place to come and have margaritas food very authentic where else can you get a corn on the cob with crema,  chili powder, lime, cities cheese. Justin the bartender is great always attentive tasty drinks
5	I love me Mexican food! And being Latina and finding great traditional Mexican food is very hard. This place has won my heart with Mexican food! Delicioso !!
5	This place is awesome. They probably have the best nachos I've ever had...! If you come here, I highly recommend the street tacos menu. You can get three different ones for about $12. The tamales are also great but for best value, opt for the half dozen or a dozen and take some home!Our server was super friendly and helpful. I really wish this place was closer to town. It's probably a contender for being the the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas in my opinion.
5	This is the very best Mexican in Las Vegas. It is really worth the drive! The capirotada is top notch! You cannot beat their happy hour specials! If you love fresh cooking, this is the place to go. Don't forget to have the shrimp queso tacos!
5	This place is excellent! Best Mexican restaurant in town, amazing street tacos (I recommend the Al Pastor) and great margaritas. Never had a bad experience here, the staff is always prompt and friendly, only downside is they can be very busy around dinner time on the weekends so prepare for at least a 40 minute wait.
1	I've been going to this Restaurant every Saturday for months! It became almost like a family tradition! The main reason my group  went is because of the superb service we would get from JUSTIN! We were at a loss for words to hear that he was no longer there! Justin is such an asset and will truly be missed by many!! What a loss!!!
1	Wow, this restaurant has the worst customer service! Came in for lunch around 11:30 and the restaurant was pretty empty. We were a party of two and The "host" told us it would be a minute or so, then another party of two comes in and he goes to seat them right away... It wasn't until I spoke up that he then sat us first. Then to make a really long bad experience short, we waited over an hour for appetizers and then was overcharged! When I pointed it out to the "waitress/bartender" she first tried saying its because I got a filling in my taquitos! Really? Because the menu states choice of filling for $6.89, she then said its a glitch in the register system! Whatever, I'll stick with Viva Mercados!
4	The food was great the atmosphere and service were good.  The only downside was waiting 15 minutes for the bartenders who had 2 people at the bar to make my drink.
5	The customer service here totally rocks! We had a super nice waitress.  The servers and the bus boys work well together.  Chips, salsa, beans, drinks, never went empty! They were totally on top of it.  I had the famous shrimp tacos.  It's grilled cheese/shrimp in 2 corn tortillas.  Pretty tasty.  I felt like the food was better than average, but the service here was so great, they're getting 5 stars.
5	Really good food and menu. Love to go back and try some more! Happy hour menu is really great!
4	Food is awesome! Customer service is not unfortunately. We were told a 15 minute wait and were seated 45 mins later. Our waitress rushed us through the process and was very pushy and loud. Luckily the food saved the night! We will definitely be going back, but will be requesting a different waitress and will try to go earlier when it isn't as busy to get seated. Definitely a gem in Centennial Hills!
4	Spent Cinco de Mayo there,  their margarita was very good, very authentic. The food, delightful,  very good for Mexican food,  ordered carne asada (a little overpriced,  $16.99),  margaritas (it gets better by the glass) and their street tacos (I had carne asada and carnitas)was very good, very well seasoned. If you are a margarita connoisseur, try one, you'll thank me later (if you remember).I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys traditional Mexican food,  with an authentic flavor.Oh,  did I mentioned their margaritas?
1	On May 5 my husband and I went to have lunch to celebrate Cinco de Mayo.  The chips and salsa were good but I will never return to a place that served me a spoiled shrimp cocktail.  When I told the waitress that my cocktail was spoiled her reply was "you're not the first one to say that".  Than why was it still being served.  Lucky for me I noticed the fowl taste and fizzle in my mouth that I immediately discarded it.  It's probably the only thing that kept me from getting sick.
2	Not Impressed. The back of my chair broke after sitting in it for less than 10 minutes when I arrived. I weigh 110 lbs but the waiter said under his breath "well if you weren't so fat." I knew he was kidding but seriously, not professional. When I asked for extra napkins the waiter snapped at me and said "Today is actually my day off, but I came in because my boss said I had to wait on a large dinner party." I am sorry but I wouldn't be complaining to your customers. He is fortunate to have a job. The fish tacos were watered down and they gave me Alfredo sauce instead of fish sauce. It was quite an odd experience.
4	This place is pretty excellent. They have big portions and you can pretty much share with whoever you're with because it's that big. They have excellent customer service. Only reason why I put four stars is because it's kind of expensive. My boyfriend and I don't really order any appetizers or desserts or anything like that, but we still on average spend at least fifty bucks.It's okay though, because we only go here once in a while and the good is good.
4	Me and my wife came here for an early lunch after leaving an appointment. We have been here before and it is always a really good eat. For lunch we both ordered the Carne asada. I ordered one of their house margaritas and as always I was not disappointed. The chips and salsa are really good, I would like for maybe a more spicy salsa as well though. Once our food arrived we both dug right in and devoured the steak because it's so delicious; juicy, tender, and easy to eat. I always love coming here and for a lunch meal it wasn't to bad only spent $30.
3	We have been going here since it opened.  Last visit being 5/26 and we received NO bean dip with our chips.  One of my favorite things. I hope this was just a mistake. I was definitely disappointed!
1	Horrible food and service! It took over an hour to get our food and it was not even busy. On top of that, our waitress seemed bothered by having to serve us. I ordered the Asada and chicken enchiladas, which were far too salty. My dad ordered the birria, which he also thought was too salty and greasy. I would not recommend this place.
5	This place is right near my home and workplace...I love the house margaritas and the chips and dip.  Yum!I prefer to go for lunch, because they have great lunch specials.  Also, try the happy hour!  The bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed jalepeno poppers are delicious!
5	Leticia's rocks!!! Be sure to stop in for Saturday night karaoke, 8:30-close. Also, great fried ice cream!! Love the homemade caramel!!
5	Authentic Mexican pleasure all around.Today I had fish tacos and they were amazing. My husband looks like he's in heaven as he's eating his pozole.You must try this place. It's our FAVORITE for margaritas and Mexican food.
4	Love Leticia's!! I love the soups and street tacos. Delicious margaritas and nice patio seating.
2	I was hopeful that this would be our spot for Mexican food but........the restaurant was clean and cute but very loud, even at 4:30 on a Sunday as they are busy.  The food was bland, sorry to say.  Nothing jumped out as being flavorful and quite honestly, for the price, we've had better food elsewhere.  The portions are a good size, so that is a plus and service was good.  The red sauce on the enchiladas was really potent as I would not recommend it at all.  I would say give this a try, but as this was a hike for us to get to, I would rather go the opposite direction to Mi Casa where the beef enchiladas with red sauce are delicious!  Sorry, I wanted to really like this place but not worth the drive for us.
4	Leticias has a great happy hour menu. And their regular menu is delicious as well. The carne asada was wonderfully flavored. Loved the grilled corn as well. Guacamole is a great start here.
2	This was our "go to" Mexican spot for the last few years, but they're slipping.  Went last night and the service was slow and confused...the noisy drunks at the bar were annoying...and the food wasn't nearly up to par...flavorless carnitas and the rice and beans were dried out and seemed to have been sitting on the plate for a while.  Very disappointing from a place we had reaaly enjoyed in the past.
5	Excellent place for Mexican food. Service and food has always been good. Very friendly people and staff.
1	Have given it a few chances - not impressed.  Family suggested dinner.  Willing to try it again.  Around about 7:55 on a Friday evening.  Lots of empty tables but were told it would be a 45-minute wait because they were waiting for servers to arrive.  Seems that we could have been seated and ordered drinks while waiting.  Probably will not be back.
5	This place is great. The food is amazing. The atmosphere is is really nice. The weather is perfect to sit on the patio.
5	Had to try it after seeing the taco challenge on the cooking channel.  The hostess was a little confused right at 11 when they opened and we were a little worried but our fears quickly subsided when our waitress and bus boy took excellent care of us.  We loved the chips and the three dips and both got super fresh salads with the taco lunch special.  My husband had the ground beef taco and I had the carnitas and it was filled with lots of delicious meat and we loved the beans and rice too.  We asked for some hotter sauce and it was hot but tasty.  We also had some delicious margaritas.  We live in CA but will definitely make the trip to Leticia's the next time we are in town.
5	Feels like CHEERS!!! They all know who my family is and the names if our children and what we typically order to drink. This a a great place to eat with good food and drunk prices. Long time patron and will continue to give my hard earned money to this place as long as the service remains the same!!!
5	Excellent food and service! Gotta try this place out ASAP!!!!! You won't be disappointed! :) Claudiu is an amazing server.
5	Coming from LA  its really hard to find amazing mexican food. I beileve I found it ....the food tastes authentic and the hospitality is great.. Can't wait to try the next thing on the menu.
5	Two business associates took me here for lunch.  I can only say it was THE BEST Mexican food I have ever had.  Simply exquisite.  The tastes, the textures, and the hospitality of the owner were exceptional.I had her award winning shrimp tacos. "Oh, my" they were over the top.  I had them with heat (and they ask you how hot).  They were fantastic.I also had her award winning margarita made from tamarind (tamarindo).  It was great, too.  As per the owner, we even sat in Santana's booth, as he visits monthly to get some great food.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5	My search for the best Mexican food in Las Vegas is over!  Friends introduced us to Leticia's last Saturday and we will be forever grateful to them.  The menu is amazing with a nice balance of traditional and contemporary dishes.  The chips are fresh and very tasty and they are accompanied by a couple of different salsas and a warm bean dip giving everyone something to enjoy.  The house Magurita was reasonably priced and enjoyable to taste.  For my entre' I ordered the beef enchiladas and I thoroughly enjoyed them!  If you order a combo, be sure to ask for the white rice instead of the traditional Mexican rice with tomato sauce.  I have never had anything like it in my life.  It is delicious! Our server was attentive and made sure we were happy throughout our dining experience.  I plan on visiting often.  Leticia's is a treasure!!
1	Friends recommended this eatery. We got there before the dinner rush and got our name on the list with a wait time of 15 minutes. As we were waiting (only two of us) they kept taking parties of two, three and more and left us waiting. After almost 30 minutes and other folks who came in after us, we left and went to Que Mas. Will not be going back.
5	Seriously. Just stop reading this and go eat at Leticia's. Blah, blah, blah, recommendations, blah... Are you there yet? I love it here. I love Leticia. Thank you Leticia. Totally worth the drive to the end of Las Vegas every time I go. If you absolutely cant decide, just get full from the amazing chips and sauces. Service can be a little "come and go" but I get it, that place is always busy. By the way, I just saw someone write "Maguritas" Get out of here!!!! You dont deserve to drink one if you spell it that way! Maguritas....
5	Been here 15/20 times the food is great. Get here early this place sometime has a 1or 2 hour  wait due to the food being do good. The owner is running around here all the time making sure everything is perfect. The servers and bartenders are strip quality.
5	Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.   The food was excellent, lots of it. We were content and hopefully come back soon.  We live on the island of Oahu, Hawaii.  Nothing like this there!  We leave here with a smile.
1	I'd like to comment on the food, but for the second time in a row, they are closed before their posted time. This evening however, not only are they closed early, but their open sign was on and when we came to the door she told us they were closed. When I commented that the sign was on and the posted times said midnight, she proceeded to turn the sign off and slam the closed sign down. 5 paying customers....apparently, things are going so well, they don't need our business.  And we've eaten here before. The food was great and this time we brought newbies to try it out. Guess they'll never know.
5	Every time I come here the food is terrific.  I always bring people from out of town and they always say it is the best Mexican they've ever had.  Can be very busy so plan ahead.
5	I knew Leticia's Mexicana Cocina made my top (702) Happy Hour locations, but I learned something new today. The restaurant meets my standards for being a kid-friendly dining spot. 1) Friendly, attentive staff. 2) Homemade chocolate milk. Horchata is on the menu too. 3) Kid's menu and crayons. 4) Children like to watch the food set up on the kitchen line. 5) Booth seating. Great Blanco Pozole today!
4	This place is right by my mom's house so we go regularly. Go for lunch if you don't want to wait for a table.the staff is always really nice. Never a long wait for the food to arrive. This place is just good cheap Mexican food! The pork tamales are a must! The sopapillas are a great desert! I love the street Tacos..everything I try here is awesome! The yummy salsa and bean dip are complimentary with any order of food:)
4	Generally speaking it's a fantastic place to eat.  My only knock is when they're off, they're off.  We've had 2-3 really bad meals there in probably 10 visits.  More consistency is needed in the kitchen but I do recommend it as one of the better mexican food places in the north side.
5	The service is always the best and the food is delish! Fresh ingredients you can taste.
5	We have been going to Leticias for almost 4 years!  It is Las Vegas' best secret!  I have nothing but fabulous things to say about this place!
5	The service and the food are amazing at this restaurant. My favorite dish so far are the enchiladas. The karaoke on Saturdays is so much fun with my friends and the appetizers are amazing and easy to share with my friends.
5	Best Tacos. Best everything. Love this place! The chips and dip are so good. Enchiladas are good. Street tacos are the best. You have to try this. It is the best food!
5	This is my first time giving 5 stars.  Our friends chose this based on a food network program they had seen. I don't usually like Mexican food AT ALL!  This place is terrific.  Luciano was our waiter and he was a wonderful as all the food we tried.
5	Food was sooo delicious service from Crystal was great. We will definitely come back.  Salud!.
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas. Love, love, love their enchiladas with green sauce.Only complaint is I have to wait in line on weekends and I am too much of a diva for that.Leticia's is the best!!
5	This place is amazing! Enchiladas with green sauce a must have! I never wait in line for anything but for this place, I was willing to wait 30 minutes on a busy Friday night! Definitely worth it!
5	I go out for lunch every Tuesday with my mother in law and we usually eat Mexican food because no one in her house will eat it and its her favorite. Lately its been disappointing between poor customer service, messed up orders and flavorless meals so we were THRILLED after deciding to try Leticia's.  The service was great, the food came out quickly and everything tasted fantastic!This will be our new regular spot. Try the shrimp ceviche. It's the best I've had in Las Vegas.
5	The service is great.   The chips and salsa are an amazing meal alone.  Our food was spot on as usual.  Thank god we are 5 minutes from such a place.
5	The BEST Mexican food in Vegas, Chili Verde Amazing!!! the best I ever had....
4	Great Mexican food and much better than Lindo. It was packed but we still got seated in a reasonable time frame. Service was on point and quick. Our food was delicious, reasonably priced, and the portions were generous. This was our first time here and we will definitely be back!
5	Fun atmosphere,  large portions and delicious salsa choices.  The habanero salsa is only for the brave (and those who freeze their TP).  This has quickly become our favorite Mexican restaurant since moving to Las Vegas.  You typically end of taking much of your food home because of both the portion size and the attentive nature of their servers who keep the chips and salsa coming. Plan ahead Saturdays as every time we have gone there is a 30 minute wait.They have family style which we are yet to try but it looks like a really good option as well.
5	Awesome food! Extremely reasonable prices and huge portions! The staff was very attentive and friendly even though it was extremely busy. I highly recommend trying this place out if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed!
4	Plan ahead. Be hungry. Be thirsty. BE able to make a decision. It's GREAT food. It's GREAT atmosphere. GREAT energy. GREAT ambiance. TASTY ass guacamole! TASTY ass, EVERYTHING! The agua de tamarindo was on POINT!! My ONLY let down you ask? WHY! Oh WHY are you SO far away from me?!?!?!?!?!
4	Chips and dips to start were great. Awesome street tacos! Close to our house and we love spending dinner in the great atmosphere.
5	At leticias with the family. Celebrating my husbands birthday. This place is amazing so far....We are hooked- haven't even gotten our dinner- and the salsa beans and chips are to die for! Not to be to mention the fabulous people. Great service- friendly environment. Authentic and worth every penny. This is a must go to restaurant !! All the Donayres
5	Came all the way from California to try her queso tacos.. DELICIOUS... would definitely come again.  Service was great.
2	Won't be back, been here a few times and keeps getting worse. Went for lunch today, waiter forget our tortillas with meal. Also asked what kind of meat I want, but they only put cheese ...duh... One entree, the menu description said comes with CILANTRO RICE, but they served with Spanish rice, and we asked about it they said we were wrong and CHARGED US FOR A SIDE OF CILANTRO RICS. We checked the menu on way out to be sure were didn't miss read it, but it did say CILANTRO rice. Instead of arguing we decided it WOULD BE OUR LAST TIME !!!! NEVER AGAIN WILL WE GO THERE.
5	The only reason why I was on this side of town was because my best friend was working over here and he wanted to have lunch. I haven't seen him in forever and he said he wanted some mexican food. I chose Leticia's because my sorority sisters suggested (and they are mexican) this place! They said it was a nice sit down restaurant with some really good food. So, of course we had to check it out!It's located in a beautiful area (super far from my house) in north town. I was surprised! The outside atmosphere looked like a really nice place to sit outside. It was really hot weather at the time so we went inside and got greeted right away from two beautiful ladies! We were seated immediately at a booth. It's really authentic looking decor. Lots of awesome designs and fun things to look at all around the room. Our booth was kinda small for the three of us, but we managed. The two waiters we had were super nice! They spoke in spanish (and my friend spoke spanish as well since he worked in Chile the past two years) so it was pretty awesome to watch! I love mexican food! They started us off with a bowl of chips with two different salsas and beans. They even refilled it if we ever wanted some more! Now time for the hard part. Choosing what to eat. The menu is filled with so many options!I decided to go with the lunch specials. There were a bunch you could choose from, and I got the burrito lunch special enchilada style with verde sauce on top. It came with lettuce, tomato, beans, and mexican rice. Boy was it super yummy! The burrito was smothered in sauce and cheese. I had to use cholula sauce to add a bit of flavor. The atmosphere inside was really fun. The waiters constantly checked up on us. They even had me try the spiciest sauce there, and MAN was I burning up!!! You should definitely try it if you want a KICK!They were kind enough to offer dessert which looked delicious, but we turned it down because we were so stuffed from our entree. If you are in this area and want some awesome mexican food other than a chain fast food stop, definitely try this place out! Definitely glad that we did.
4	Just happen to be on this side of town and decided to try it. Great atmosphere!  We had the carne asada for one and the fish tacos!  Good size portions and food came out quick.
4	Last night my husband looked at me and said, "I want carne asada!"  Onto Yelp I go to find a good, authentic Mexican restaurant.  We just moved to the area and don't know our neighbors well enough to ask for any suggestions.  It has been hit or miss when it comes to the ratings on Yelp for more than one place since moving to LV.  I will say our visit to Leticia's was a HIT!We took our two kids with us and had a little bit of a wait to be seated but it was no more than 10 minutes.  We sat in a booth right next to the kitchen so we could smell the food.  We were brought chips, beans and 2 salsas and asked for our drink orders.  My kids ordered sodas while my husband had a Blue Moon and I had a blended strawberry margarita.  We dug into the chips, beans and salsa.  I enjoyed the tomatillo salsa while my husband liked the red salsa and we both loved the beans.  The children ordered off the kids menu; my son had a bean and cheese burrito that came with beans and rice while my daughter ordered a hard ground beef taco which also came with beans and rice but she only wanted the rice.  My husband ordered the street taco platter which offered 3 street tacos with choice of carne asada, al pastor, carnitas or chicken.  He had 2 carnitas and 1 carne asada served with rice and beans.  I ordered the Ensenada taco platter which offered two tacos of your choice of fish or shrimp which I had one of each.The food arrived fresh, hot and quick.  My husband devoured his taco platter leaving nothing behind.  I would say he enjoyed it!  My son ate all of his burrito and brought his beans and rice home.  My daughter only ate her rice and have of her taco because she was so full.  I only ate the fish taco and a small portion of my rice and beans.  We packed up our leftovers in their to go boxes, which are great and will reuse them!  All in all, our total bill was just under $60 for the 4 of us without the tip.Pros:1. Nice variety of offerings on the menu2.  Chips, salsa and beans.3. Portion size.Cons:1. When my daughter asked for no beans, I asked if they could give her double rice instead.  The kitchen didn't do that.  It wasn't worth sending back for more.2. Parking- it's a little strange.  There is a parking lot behind/next to the restaurant but it seems odd.3. The cons aren't deal breakers so we'll be back!
2	I really do not understand all the rave reviews.  I guess this is definitely a "love" or "hate" type of place.  And I am definitely in the latter group.  I can only imagine my disappointment and confusion had I read the reviews before eating at this restaurant.We went on a Sunday around 2:00.  The hostess was unfriendly and unwelcoming, but nonetheless we were seated quickly.  The restaurant look and feel is very average.  No unique decor, no ambiance, just your basic looking food house.  Very misleading from the outside appearance, in my opinion.As I perused the menu, I was particularly struck by all of the specific rules, guidelines, directives, footnotes, etc.  Split plate charges (even on kids meals!), drink substitution upcharges, different type of rice charges, etc.  I actually read the whole menu cover to cover because it was so silly.  I actually found myself wondering if the chips and salsa would be charged to us, or not refilled for free.  Hey, I understand businesses have to make money, but the food is already way overpriced and expensive, the special rules just make it absurd.Anyway, so the super tiny basket of tortilla chips and 3 varieties of salsa/dip were brought to our table by an apathetic busgirl.  The waiter soon followed and placing our orders was an easy, quick process.  We ate the chips in about 4 minutes, so we flagged down the busgirl to get a refill.  I was surprised to learn that the chips and salsa were, in fact, complimentary (haha), but we ended up receiving our first refill after our food was already delivered to the table (so about 20 minutes from the time we asked).  Which, hey, great, we didn't fill up on chips and salsa, right?So, I had an order of ceviche and a carnitas street taco.  The ceviche was fine.  Not good, not bad.  Just basic.  The street taco was absolutely disgusting.  At first, I was impressed with the amount of meat, but when I realized it was very little meat and mostly globs of fat, I quickly lost my appetite.  That was made worse when I smelled my husband's ground beef tacos, which, I swear, smelled like cat food.  My husband, who eats everything, ate about a half of his taco.In the end, we chalked this up to a "learning experience," and paid our bill and left.  We are not the type to complain to try and get something for free.  I sent in feedback online, because I think it's important for the owners to know the details, but I haven't heard back.  I can't say I'm surprised, and I will never step foot in this restaurant again.
4	It's refreshing to find such great food so close to home. The service is always super friendly, with every staff member wearing a smile. I've been here for lunch, for dinner and for happy hour and can honestly say all were positive experiences. Expect a wait of you're going on a Friday or Saturday night, but it will be well worth it if you do. I've had the carnitas, enchiladas, taco salad, and the fajitas. Their fajitas have a sophisticated flair with the added mushrooms and rich yet fresh flavors. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the price... A little steep.
1	This place was decent when it first opened but something happened..... I just don't get all the people that eat here and like it.  they can't possibly know real Mexican food.What a disappointment! DO NOT EAT HERE! The carnitas were bland, the tacos unbelievably salty, the taquitos were so over fried I could just about bite through them and the meat was dry and tasteless.... service was terrible - the waiter brought the wrong food... tell me, does "TAQUITOS" sound like "FAJITAS"???? Then by the time I actually got my taquitos the rest of my party was finished. What was offered to make up for this??? Oh, fried ice cream.. As if any of us wanted anything else fried. We ate outside. The table was filthy - chair were full of food crumbs - it looks like they have never washed the ground with a hose... people are banging into your chair as you eat to walk by... This is truly THE WORST Mexican food I have ever eaten.... and I have eaten Mexican food in NJ and Hawaii - and even there it wasn't this bad! I don't know where the other people posting have eaten, or what their definition of good Mexican is - but you would do better at Taco Bell. To add insult to injury, it is WAY over priced.... two street tacos were $13... three burnt, small taquitos also $13... save your time, your money, and your stomach and go elsewhere.My husband, who has a cast iron stomach got sick and could wait to get home to run to the bathroom. Next day - he is still sick.Food is certainly not fresh. Not tasty. Not cooked well. Service is sub-par. I honestly don't know how the place is still in business.
4	Would certainly go back!!We tried:Pork TamalesChicken Enchiladas with Green SauceSopes with Carne AsadaI placed them in order of our preference.  The menu is huge, so we definitely still have much to try.We went on a Monday early evening and we still had to wait for a table. This place does get packed. As we waited we asked those around us if they had been here before and all of them said yes and raved about it.During our meal, Leticia walked the floor checking how everyone was doing. That was a nice touch.  All servers were attentive and prompt.
3	I hate doing this, but I feel it needs to be said. Firstly, I love Leticia's. By love, I mean we eat here a lot. By a lot, I mean we frequent this place at least once a month. That's a lot for me. The reason for this update is the service. We sit at the bar because we like to play for free drinks. And it's usually just my boyfriend and I. Otherwise, we'll sit at a table. And I have almost always had a bad experience when we're seated. The waiters/waitresses seem so rushed, so annoyed and just generally pretty rude. I hate being biased and I have been for way too long. They are seriously lacking on how to treat clients. They rarely check on you, take forever to get you food or drinks. If I'm here with a smaller or larger party,  it's made no difference. Each time, we have been waiting too long or just had a server that doesn't seem too keen about helping us. The bartenders are awesome. They have a few new ones that have been excellent. The food each time has come out perfectly and delicious as always. The main reason we come to this place. Now, I hate referring people here. Each time, they say the same thing. They loved the food but hated the service. So, I give you 3 stars - for the servers, please...do not ruin such a great place. For the food, drinks and bartenders - I give you 5 stars.
5	This has to be the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas, hands down.  The rice with the nopal, the coffees, the birria tacos, the lost goes on. Ambience, staff, and food are all reasons to return.
5	Parking is an issue if arriving after 5 pm on a week nite.  That image fadded quickly.  The quaint authentic decor is highlighted by the hand painted mural of the owners home kitchen. The story was facinating.  The wait staff were prompt and accurate with our drinks, apetizers and entrees.  They knew when to be there and when to let us enjoy our meal.  I cant wait to share this wonderful eatery with my foody friends.
1	My husband was so excited to take me here. I really do feel bad for him...although we checked the reviews before we came to verify that it would be a good experience. After sitting for an hour and not receiving our food I can not in good conscience rate this establishment more than 1 star.
4	Excellent food and the service was good as well.They sung happy birthday to me and I got to wear a sombrero so that was cool!
5	its our first time here.. ask for Ricardo to be your server.. hes very attentive :) as for the food it was tasty! had their tamales, chile relyeno and tostada ... the salsa served with their chips were yummm too :)
5	Saturday nights from 8:30-11pm is karaoke. The ambiance and service are exceptional!! They have the most amazing bean dip that comes free with chips and salsa! Great food!
5	Food is above average, environment is awesome and margaritas are freakin great...creative, original, huge selection.
5	I really enjoy their happy hour.  Good drinks and good food what more can you ask for.  Karaoke night is fun and very entertaining lol.
4	Stopped in today for a margarita and chips while waiting for an appointment~ had tasty green and fire roasted salsa and seasoned bean dip went well with my cocktail.  I look forward to going back when the weather is cooler so I can sit on the outdoor patio.  Will go back when I have time to eat a meal as I have heard nothing but good things from friends who live in the area.
3	This was my favorite Mexican restaurant and everything was so good, so similar to how my family cooks. My step grandma cooked food similar when she was alive and this was the closest to that and my moms Mexican cooking. But somehow it's lost its way for me. Look at my previous reviews over the years to look at the trend.It's become inconsistent. It's better during daytime, probably because the owner is there. There are times also for dinner the food is SO salty, SO greasy. Servers are either wonderfully attentive and super friendly or horrible and will never check on you at all. Horchata is sometimes perfectly creamy and spiced and sometimes so cinnamony. It's like being at 2 different restaurants. Thinking back, out of the last 6 visits, once both the food and service wasn't good, 2 visits the food was good and service wasnt, 2visits where the food was bad and the service was good, 1 visit where food was amazing and service was too. Most of the good food was earlier in the day. These 6 visits have been the past year, I've gone less and less when we used to come frequently.They also raised their prices from opening to now, by quite a bit. Most of my favorite dishes have gone up $3 since I first started coming here a few years ago. I like the food and probably would still frequent even with their raises every year if it was still as good consistently, but I think some of the items are priced too high for what they are, they are definitely higher than most competitors aside from Lindo which also prices rather high. Go during lunch as they tend to be better then. Also it's cheaper so that if you were iffy about the food, you just didn't pay $15 for 2 enchiladas. What is (usually) good here is the carnitas, the chile verde, the mole poblano, enchiladas and I think their mocajete is solid. I just wish they would up their standards a little bit again. I might look for a new Mexican food place.
5	I was there with a group and everyone said their food was excellent.  One in our party has been to Leticia's a lot, so she obviously has had a track record of good experiences - enough to bring a group of 8 there.I will vouch for the deliciousness of the Pozole Blanco.  I loved all the fresh veggies that you can add in proportions to your own liking.  I also learned (from having leftovers - the portion sizes were generous...  I had leftover soup from ordering a small) that the avocado in the soup (this soup, at least) was still bright green the second day when I reheated it for lunch as it was the first day.  Cool!I live down in the Anthem area and can't think of any Mexican restaurant that quite met up to what I saw or experienced this day.  Although I do love Las Cazuelas - gave them 5 stars, too - but their menu is pretty tiny compared with Leticia's although it has the mom and pop atmosphere.  That's really the only possible complaint about Leticia's - its success means they're no longer a mom and pop place - not bad, just not as personal as it undoubtedly was when it first started.  Anyway, I will be looking for a reason to be in Centennial so I can go back sometime.
4	I love this place- the chips and dips that come free on the table are so good, and the mushriom spinach enchiladas are off the hook. So amazing, and a mo ths worth of cheating in one meal. Just have to mention a couple of things that have disappointed me in my last few visits. At least the 3 most recent times that I have decided to go to Leticias have been based on the awesome weather, and wanting to sit outside on their patio. Every time, Ive been told that they have no server for the outside. Its not like I went there once a week for 3 weeks. How can this be? The patio is amazing, and so cute, and when the weather is good, to sit outside and chat and eat does not compare to sitting inside with a/c and a loud restaurant- so that was a bummer. Multiple times. The other thing is that I got my world rocked by the vegan tamales on a previous visit, and tried to order them on the next few visits, and was told that they were out of them. If it werent for those things- it'd be a 5 star. Please Leticias- get some people to man the patio. The weather is amazeballs right now, and Im getting the itch! Dont let me down!!
5	Food has always been amazing. The atmosphere is great and they serve huge portions of food. Their mixed drinks are also very very good.
4	This place is pretty good.  Their tacos, burritos, chips, salsa, and fried ice cream is great.  I've been here 4 or 5 times and their pretty consistent with great service too!!!
4	Their bean dip is the bomb. So delicious!!! Their food portion is so large that 2 people can share a plate if they wanted to. I will be back to try other foods from their menu. So far everything my friends have tried have been good.
5	The best of the best as far as Mexican food in the entire Las Vegas valley!  Seriously look no farther cause this is it.  The portions are perfectly sized and moderately priced.  The mood and ambiance is perfect for a date night or a family sit down for great food.  This is a family business and you can tell by the personalized service and great tasting food.  Plenty of parking available, but it does get busy on the weekends, but why won't it?!!  The food is just that good guys!
5	Amazing food. The only thing better than the food was the service. Worth the drive from the strip for sure. The seafood enchiladas, best I've ever had! Four of us went, we all took leftovers home, and everyone left full and very happy.
4	"What do you feel like eating?" is probably the most difficult decision my bf and I ask each other all the time. Sometimes it takes us forever to come up with a decision, other times it doesn't. But thanks to Yelp, we found this place and both agreed on it right away. Right away, our drinks arrived along with our chips and dip. Dip was beans, tomatillo sauce and a chipotle roasted salsa. All delish and packed with flavor. I don't usually like beans, but these were pretty good. The bf also put in an order of guacamole with crab. Their guacamole was also really good. It was thick and chunky with big pieces of crab on top. Now for our main dishes. Since I was getting full from chips and dip, I opted for a cup of chicken tortilla soup and a side salad. My cup of soup was a huge serving for it being in a cup. It was ok, nothing special. It was a little on the salty side so I wasn't able to eat it all. I also got a side salad, which was AWFUL!! When it arrived at the table, there was so much cheese on it. Then I noticed the reason why it was covered in so much cheese was because the lettuce was old and wilted. I asked our server to just take it off the bill and she was shocked that my salad looked the way it did. She was nice about it and took it off. The bf's carne asada burrito was the highlight of the meal. The meat was so tender. Although the burrito was on the smaller side, it was packed with so much meat, cheese and beans that we both got full from it. Definitely a good spot for Tex-Mex food! Since I live so far away, I doubt I'll be eating here any time again soon. If I'm in the area, this will definitely be a one of my options though.
2	The reason for 2 stars.  Order accuracy!  My food has been wrong the last 3 times!  I ordered 3 quesa tacos for my lady and me.  We ordered 2 shrimp and 1 carnitas.  We got  2 beef and 1 carnitas.  The server said the ticket was correct.  This is the third time this happened!  Don't get me wrong, the food is great but you also should get what you order the first time.
5	Our car club made a trip up to the orchard and decided to eat here for lunch. We had 20 people and they were able to accommodate us very easily!  The chips and salsa were excellent and the food was so hot and fresh!  Our server took great care of us with ease. I will definitely come back and recommend them to my friends!!
5	The food is authentic and makes you want to come back for more! Never disappointed! I must add they have Great costumer service!
4	We stumbled across Leticia's by a wrong turn, but we are glad we found it! We stopped in for lunch- the food is authentic and they serve complimentary chips with salsa and bean dip, my boyfriend and I ordered house margaritas which were quite tasty and then we shared a carne aside platter. The food was delicious, definitely recommend trying the cilantro rice- it was great! Our service was very friendly and always attentive. I really enjoyed our experience and the atmosphere was very fun!
5	Will go back . Great service, great food. Burrito are huge and super fresh ingredients
3	Food- yes it's decent. Chips and salsa good but how can you mess that up. Soups- great tasting. But the service in this place is lacking immensely. I saw in other reviews that service tends to fall off at night since the owner may not be in the place. That is does. First we ordered iced teas NO F@CKING LEMON. He repeated no lemon and what do you know we get lemons. We hate darn lemons. Food comes, appetizer and dinner all at the same time. We hate that too. Lastly trying to get the check!!!!! Damn were trying to pay here.... Where did Duke go? Who knows ...we finally flag someone down , pay and leave... Probably won't be back. Oh and when we got there were told 20 minute wait.. Huh the restaurant is empty
5	Money! Delicious food and awesome friendly service!!
5	The happy hour menu is a wonderful way to sample their wonderful menu. My faves are quesa shrimp tacos, volcanito, margaritas, and the nachitos! There is a reason Leticia is winning awards! This place is well worth the drive!In the winter she makes capirotada! Don't miss it!
5	After trying so many mexican restaurants we finally found the best, Amazing service!! My new favorite mexican restaurant, and the service is the best! Such a great service from our server Ricardo!!
1	Started figuring out there secrets. Not anything special anymore
5	Leticias has become my favorite Mexican restaurant. Everything I've had has been excellent. The burritos are the best anywhere, and are huge. And I highly recommend trying the QuesoTaco. The staff is very friendly and are very helpful when you have questions. My family will definitely make this place a regular visit!
5	Leticia's is my go to Mexican restaurant when I'm in north Vegas. I typically try to get new things but I can't bring myself to break away from their tacos. The taco I get is a quesa taco which is stuffed with cheese I either get the  carne asada or  shrimp. They are sooo good! It took me a while to get used to the rice that comes with the taco plate because it isn't your usual Spanish rice. It has cheese in it and some type of pepper in it. The first time I got it I really needed to look because it was so dark in the restaurant . It is different but it is tasty!  The guacamole is also a nice size for the price you pay. The service is attentive and quick. They will fill up our chips or drinks before we have to ask. It's a great spot to sit and relax while getting a bite to eat.
4	Pretty standard Mexican fare, but the chips and guacamole and sooooooo good. The portions are pretty big and the prices aren't bad. Staff has been great and we haven't had a bad experience yetWe've been here twice, and it was great. We will keep coming back!!!
4	It doesn't hurt that it's a mile from our home (actually that's probably a good thing considering the margarita situation), but Leticia's is one of those local gems of LV. Everything we've had here is excellent. Be careful with the spice... It can creep up on you. BUT. It's obvious from the mouthfeel of the spicy food that they use extremely fresh ingredients (habanero, green chilis, etc).Maury is our favorite bartender (we normally go in the middle of the week). If you're going in the evening, plan to get there early as there is usually a wait.
5	EXCELLENT food! The chips and salsa are the best and I have had enchiladas, tacos, chorizo and eggs in the past and they are all delocious. My family and I will keep coming back to this neighborhood gem.
4	This place is probably my favorite when I want to splurge on good Mexican food. The only reason I say splurge is because their mojitos are to die for and I always get their El Molcajete with a cup of tortilla soup. It is certainly worth the price as it is an abundance of delicious food with the potential for left overs.The only reason I give this place four stars is because there have been times when I have gone and my service hasn't been great. Usually they weren't during busy times and the majority of times I have been in for lunch or dinner, the service has been good.
5	I'm a vegas native and I have had mexican food all over this city my entire life, and I must say that Leticia's food is by far some of the best I have ever had!  We ordered their signature tacos, some tostadas and the fajitas!  All flavorful and amazing!  The carnitas taco was amazing, seasoning just perfect!  Their ground beef tostada was to die for!  Their ground beef has to be the best in Las Vegas!  I can't wait to come back to try a beef burrito!  The fajitas were piping hot and everything was succulent and juicy!  All white meat chicken!  We are waiting on sopapilla's and im more than positive I'll be mind blown by these as well!  The service was amazing, our waiter gave us the most amazing recommendations and I am so excited that I finally got to try this place!
4	This place has delicious Mexican food. Love there chips and salsas and beans and rice. The restaurant is Nicely decorated and the service was amazing. Highly recommend coming here.
5	The Queso Tacos are to die for. Let's face it, everything is pretty amazing. I've never had a bad experience at Leticia's!
3	Good, main course excellent.  However the tortillas are dry, the beans and rice are wrong, definitely not alta california origin.  However i will go back again because it is still the best in Las Vegas.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in town. I have been here many times and never had a bad meal. If you are in the Northwest you have to go
5	Delicious!  My favorite items here are the tacos, guacamole, and margaritas.  I have had many other menu items as well and it is all good!
3	Our go-to Mexican restaurant. This great family spot serves only the freshest if Mexican cuisine. Everything is good, but the specialties are to die for! My favorite is the molcajete fajitas with flat-iron steak and chicken. The sweet cactus that supplements this fun dish is a great substitute for the normal bell peppers in fajita dishes and the presentation makes for a great conversation piece. As far as the normal Mexican food selection goes, the carnitas is what I get when I am in the mood for the more traditional meal. Always great, but getting through the door can be a challenge. 40-70 minute waits are not uncommon. Hence the ding to 3 stars.
