4	This particular Applebees is a great fun time on Thursdays! They have live music of Brian Legate and the whole bar gets into the act. Sometimes the waiter will get up there and sing with him. He plays rock music and takes requests.What I love about this Applebees is they always remember you when you come in. They even remember your favorite drinks. You'll be lucky if you get Roxy or Wendy as a waitress. they are fun!Happy Hour has $2 beers and $4 Long Island Ice Teas!! Oh and wings for $4 too.
1	Being in the restaurant business I understand times are tough. Any type of promotion to bring in guests that is feasible would give the "edge" to a particular business. Frequenting this particular applebees I felt like I just walked into club applebees. The volume is way over the top. Service was compatible to a crowded bar with one bartender to serve. I sat at a table to wait 10 minutes before even being greeted by my server. With the music it came as no sunrise that the food order came out totally incorrect. After trying to stomach through the wrongly prepared item, I had to regrettably send it back. After 2 minutes it came back corrected with the quality parallel to Taco Bell. The identity is in question, the food is a pathetic excuse for a full service franchise, and service that I could find in a dive bar. Highly disappointed in this franchise as of late. Past three visits to different area locations have ended in similar fashion. So sad.
3	Applebee's has ok food, but it's an easy place to meet people and eat and have drinks.  I do love their traditional hot wings.
3	Have only been for lunch on 2 occasions.Salad and soup was great but it took awhile to get it. Not sure that would be good if I worked!
4	Great service by everyone that was around. Brandon, The server in the section next to us and our server Wendy were awesome and took great care of my girls. Anyone with kids can appreciate the extra mile people will go, especially the fruit dessert bowl to make them smile!
2	The food is ok, but the customer service is lacking like water in Arizona.
1	I have been to the Applebee's on Gilbert and baseline, and the service amazing! I live closer to this Applebee's, how ever I will never be returning. I went with my mother and sister party of three including I, I gave the host my name and I even spelled my name for her. She warned us it was a 15 min wait and I was fine with that. (I work in the restaurant biz so I have grown some patience) anyway, the host was looking for MARK party of 3, no one was responding so I asked her if she meant MARLI. She said I will check. She never got back to us so we waited a little longer, after 30 min of waited I decided to ask her how much longer, she asked for me name and she responded " I don't have you on my list" I laughed at her and said oh maybe I was your mark party. She looked back at her list and said oh I could t read my writing. She apologized and she kindly said we will sit you right away.We got seated and walked up the a dirty table with fries all of the floor and food still on the seats. The male who Sat us said I am sorry we will clean it right now we are just busy. I was disgusted.I will never go back to this location.
4	I have eaten at Applebee's many times and am rarely disappointed. The service was great and the food was quick and good. Our server kept our drinks filled and our tummy's happy.
1	They made my elderly, mobility challenged mother cry!Non existent service.  Not welcoming at all.  Upon entering the restaurant on Christmas Eve, instead of being greeted, the hostess barked that they were closing soon. and we would need to hurry up "just so you know."  When I asked when they closed, I was told in one hour.  Really?!?  One hour and you're turning guests away, especially a party with an elderly couple on Christmas Eve!  SHAME!!!!!!They wouldn't accommodate a basic seating preference for my elderly mother who had trouble walking.  They made her walk to the farthest side of the restaurant!!  Despite that we sat where ordered.  Then we were completely ignored.  Nobody acknowledged us at all.  Servers walked buy several times.  They wouldn't look at us or even take our drink order.  Thank you for ruining a Christmas Eve for my elderly parents. For hours my mother was talking to family and friends about the experience and was in tears during each conversation saying that she was in complete disbelief that she would be treated so rudely, especially on Christmas Eve.I sent two letters to their corporate office and never received even a form letter response.
5	The 4 of us had a w onderful lunch there yesterday- we were greeted and served quickly and they were busy but server Caitlin took great care of us and the food was terrific. We were all pleased and the manager Frank was fantastic and greeted us.Thank you for a really nice lunch~We will all be back soon!
3	I had not been to an Applebee's in over a year until tonight. My family lives out in Queen Creek and our options around there are very limited. We decided tonight on this Applebee's because it was fairly close and the wait was way to long at the Native New Yorker in Queen Creek. The food was okay. Not bad but not great. The beer prices are great. The service was good. I had jalapeno lime shrimp with rice which had good flavor. My sister had lemon butter fettuccine alfredo with shrimp which she enjoyed. I had not been to an Applebee's in a long time prior to this because I had some really bad experiences at a location in Chandler over a year ago. It seems as though they have changed the menu quite a bit. There are still some staple items that Applebee's has always had but definitely some added items as well. I would say that Applebee's is trying to do too much with this new menu. They have seafood, sandwiches, pasta, chicken, burgers and more it's too much. They should try to do two or three things really good instead of trying to do too many things mediocre. But alas it is a chain.I would visit this location again. It wasn't bad. I might just stick to beer and apps next time but we'll see...
4	Friendly service, good tasting food. Lots of TVs and good happy hour drink prices.
1	I have had better service at a fast food restaurants! My family waited over 30 min before we were asked what we wanted to drink, drinks took 20 min to get. Meanwhile there was several other tables being served by the same waiters and getting there food orders. On top of that we heard the manager giving other tables free appetizers saying they were on him because of the people having to wait. Manager never once stopped at are table. We should have just walked out. Lesson learn. Applebee's has some of the worse service! This is the third one we have been to and never again will we eat at one.
2	This place is definitly going down hill and resembles a bar, it has too many beer posters cluttering the wallsThe service is bad, don't hold your breath for drink refills. My wife ordered an ice tea and got a water then politely reminded that she also wanted ice tea. She never got the ice tea however they charged us for it and then a manager had to get involved to delete it off the check. The portions are very small so the "low price" value goes out the window when a entree salad is the size of a side salad. Many better choices exist in this area for the same price point.
1	Food has gone down and menu too. Ordered French dip sandwich and no horseradish sauce, dry. No dressing on Asian chicken salad, no barbecue sauce for sandwich ordered, garlic bread was plain breadsticks. Service is lacking and so is food. Doubt I will go back.
5	Great lunch... We did the 2 for $24  food was awesome.  The service was also great Doree took great care of us our drinks were never empty and she made sure to keep checking on us to make sure we were ok.  Great Applebee's to eat at
1	Waitress was nice enough Food was absolutely horrible Bacon was barely cooked Food was served Luke warm at best.Manager came to see if we were doing alright all we asked for was a ranch 10 minutes later no ranch and the waitress finally showed but and she came back with it right away. Shrimp was underdone Needless to say we will not be going back ever again.
1	Apparently don't come here a Sunday afternoon. We have been here an hour and still haven't got our food. Food was old, dry and cold. Better food at a dive bar.
1	If your looking for a fun bar, don't go here.... If you picture a bar with good music and everyone laughing then this is not the place to go... We went in ready to have a good time but between the 60's- 80's mix and the sleepy atmosphere we were ready to go have some actual fun... If your 60-80yrs old this is your place, if your young and want fun this is not even an option.... I'm sitting here now and it's Saturday night and 11:00pm and I'm ready to go to sleep in a booth at the bar.....
5	This is one of the best Applebees and have been to and will definitely come back here. The service was great and quick and the food was very delicious . The staff were very friendly .
4	Had lunch here today. For the price I found it a bargain. Don't understand why the one star reviews. You get what you pay for. Food was very good and the service great. Will go back.
5	Just moved to the area and I missed my other Applebee's for lunch soup and salad so thought I would try this one out and thankfully it was just as awesome ! Went in just one time bartender Catherine remembered my name and drink and the manager Kathy was also very friendly ! Good place for a relaxing stop in for lunch .
5	I love the lunch special, soup and salad. It's all you can eat. I never feel sick and bloated after eating their lunch. The servers are usually very good.
4	We came on needing to get in & out in 45 min. It's date night!  Sat at the bar, had great service from Joe behind the bar. He took our order & is dedicated to get us out on time for or movie. Suggested Walnut Crest 2012 Merlot the whole bottle for $10, it is a very smooth Merlot, we were quite surprised! We'll come back just to see Joe!
5	I really like the Applebee's lunch specials.  I'm sad that the Applebee's location on Gilbert/202 closed. This Applebee's is just as good. The food is delicious and the servers are great.
1	Would give it a zero if that was an option. Will not ever eat here again. It used to be a great place to eat but new management changed it all. Waited 50 minutes for our order to be taken. Our party of eight was already seated and knew what we wanted but they only took the drink orders. We were told they were out of French fries when requested as part of the kids meal. The steak was brought raw so they took it back, cooked it, and served it on the exact same plate as the raw steak. Took three tries to finally get a steak that wasn't still moving and a clean plate. We were treating the kids to dessert because the kid's meals had incredibly tiny portions but after almost three hours there we went next door to Walmart to get dessert. While there we saw the general manager buying a cartload of generic frozen French fries. Definitely not worth the money or time spent.
1	We were cold because the air conditioners were running. The server did not bring us plates for our pretzels. The music was so loud, it was difficult to carry on a conversation.
4	Love coming to this Applebee's on Power and Ray because the food is great for a chain restaurant and the staff is always nice. I recently tried one of their new Under 600 calorie dishes. Let me just say, you have to try the Cedar Lemon Chicken. The chicken was so tender and it came with diced cucumbers and green apples on top with a light lemon sauce. The rice was a blend of white rice, quinoa (not sure I spelled that right) cranberries, and pecans! YUM!!! Think I found my new favorite dish. :)
