3	My favorite thing about this Tokyo Express is that when I see it from my car, I know I have almost arrived to El Molino, which is right around the corner. Oh, so back to the point, Tokyo Express is ok. I mean, I guess you have to be really trying to screw up a chicken teriyaki bowl, but the mere fact that they have the wherewithal to identify that as their specialty scores them some points so far as I'm concerned. As for the sushi, I haven't gone there, but I have a sneaking feeling that I don't want to. I haven't heard anything to support or contradict that sentiment, I'm just being honest. I feel like ordering sushi here would be the equivalent of ordering beef tar tare at McDonald's. They carry the ingredients, but I wouldn't recommend it. For a quick chicken teriyaki bowl and a soda for less than eight bucks, look no further.
5	I'm craving this right now.  I want my Ahi Tuna with veggies and brown rice.  SO Freaking good.  Or maybe I'll splurge and get an Oyako with chicken egg and onion with that yummy sauce over brown rice, or is that the Katsu bowl?  I get the names confused but they are both good in case I order the wrong thing. While my friend is a huge fan of the Terriaki Lite bowl, I can honestly say I've never really had their terriaki bowl.  It's just not my thing, but I will say if you get the Terriaki Lite it's all white meat.  My friend and I used to go there for lunch and get their combos, which while more expensive than burger fast food - are SO much better.  Rather than "would you like fries with that" you get like 6 different options including edemame (her choice), california rolls (My choice) and a side salad with ginger dressing.  And then your choice of drink includes green tea - my fav - with free refils of course.  During the lunch hour they are always playing classical music.  How cool is that?  Final bonus - they have a drive through.  Healthy (ish) food on the go is awesome.  And what takes this from a 4 to a 5 stars for me.  Well....that and I'm craving some right now.
1	This place is just plain nasty. I tried it once and it was so bad that I took a couple bites and threw it out. Fast forward a year or so- I was in the hood, in a hurry for lunch and craving Japanese but needed something quick so thought I would give it another try. Nope, bad idea. Got it to go, went back to the office, took a bite and in the trash it went again. I lived in Japan for years and travel there frequently still. I don't expect this to be up to the standards of what I could get there but I've had school cafeteria Japanese food that certainly beat this.
4	They recently remodeled and put in a new sushi bar at this place.  Some people are hesitant walking into a "rice bowl" place and ordering sushi.  I always was, until they added this bar.  It inspired me to try  their sushi.  I liked it.  There is a combo that I always get.  Its a shrimp tempura roll (5 pieces), a spicy salmon (or tuna) roll (8 pieces), small side salad, cup of miso soup and I usually throw a drink on top of that.  I'm out the door stuffed for 10 bucks.  I have had this meal 3 times there in the past 3 weeks and I enjoy it every time.  Its absolutle the perfect place if you want to grab a quick bite of sushi on your own or don't feel like dealing with the sushi restaurant crowd.
4	I have been eating at Tokyo Express since I was teeny tiny.  My fam used to go a few times a week.  It's still the same and still as good.  I have tried alot of the items on the menu.  I like the regular terriyaki, the tokyo chicken, the sukiyaki, and the bentos.  The bento boxes are a ton of food for only about 7 or 8 bucks. I would definitely recommend this place for to-go japanese or a quick rice bowl lunch.
4	I've eaten at this location at least 10-12 times and have never been disappointed.  The fact that it's been in business so long (early 80's?) certainly says something.  It definitely has that outdated, whitewashed decor with bad fake plants and too much lighting, but the food is solid, fast Japanese and is reasonably priced.  I also like the fact that they have a drive-thru.I've tried a number of items on the menu including the Sushi combos, chicken/noodle salads and the low carb entrees w/ all veggies and no rice,  however, the last few times I've ordered the Bento Box B.  It offers a nice combination of flavors and satisfies my need for variety and spice.  Served in a somewhat traditional style bento box, it includes Thai Beef Salad (very noticeable heat factor), Teriyaki Chicken, steamed rice/mixed veggies, inside-out California Roll, edamame and a small egg roll which is either pork or beef.  I would also recommend Bento Box A which includes Yakiniku Beef w/ Cabbage, steamed rice/mixed veggies, Teriyaki Chicken, green salad w/ ginger dressing, edamame and an egg roll.  If I'm in the S. Scottsdale area and hungry for lunch, I will usually stop here.
1	Reached home with my order and it was the opposite of what I requested.  Called them and they simply told me that I ordered wrong.  I paid good money for something I could not eat.  Since when is chicken and a bowl full of white rice Teryaki Lite...  Ok, no time to go back - as they were not going to make it right anyway.  Tried to eat it... Chicken was dry as cardboard, and rice was a sticky mess.  Never again.Save your money.
4	I love their teriyaki rice bowls. I don't eat Sushi so I have no opinion about that. Great place for a quick lunch or dinner.
5	I've been going to Tokyo Express for the last 15 years or so, and it's always been amazing. There's something about their teriyaki chicken that just beats everybody else's.
3	Pretty healthy fare for not much cash.
3	I have been to Tokyo Express a couple of times.  I value authentic ethnic food, and this seems like an Americanized fast food joint.  I do have to say this is a step above a Panda Express.  I have tried the teriyaki chicken with white meat and sushi.  I will never get sushi here because it tasted like the fish was spoiled.  I asked for another serving, and they gave me something else for free instead.  The teriyaki chicken is pretty decent.  I think some of my friends have tried the eel, and they have seemed to enjoy it.If you want quick Americanized Japanese food, this is a decent place.
4	Great stuff!  Food is good, drive thru is very convenient and, like it's cousin Eastwind, the sushi is pretty good too.  Definitely a diamond in the rough.  The Bento Boxes are absolutely the way to go.  Plus they serve Pepsi, and I like that better.
2	This place is not that great. Shogun express has way better chicken teriyaki rice bowls and beyond.The chicken is what really bothered me here. It was really tough and extremely chewy. And that was the white meat. They're bowls are around 5 bucks which I like, but they're not even filled to the top. All in all I came here because Shogun was closed and there aren't any other rice bowl places in Scottsdale that I know of. Eh.
5	Tokyo Express defined the Quick Service Rice Bowl take out segment a long time ago.  For over 20 years I have frequented this establishment and been through all of its acquisitions, transitions, growth and downsizing.  One thing remains today: much of what was great is still the same.  The teriyaki sauce is the best (in the early days it was homemade fresh daily), the lemon ginger dressing for the salads should be bottled.Much of the menu has been duplicated by other similar restaurant concepts and in some cases, done better.  I can agree with the quality of the chicken on the regular rice bowls (dark meat) could be better; rather than raising the prices, lesser quality was chosen which was a shame.Two decades have allowed me to try everything on the menu and it is all great.  Standard Japanese fare served up quick and hot. Yum.Maybe its nostalgia but I really love this place and hope it continues to find its niche and endures another 20+ yearsFinal Rating: 4.9 for consistency for many, many years of quick service and tasty meals; Thank you Tokyo Express.
5	Was just in tonight and sat at their sushi bar and had the Tootsie Roll platter. Very nice for a fast food joint. Chelsea is the manager, and she's really great, as is the rest of the staff. Gonna have to come back and try something else soon. Plus it's right down the street from my house.
5	Best fast food Japanese in Arizona - period. Take a look at the locals, we've been going there for 20 years.Tip - add on a small side salad for 25 cents
2	I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley.  I loved their food.  I was surprise to see them around and excited to eat the food again.  We entered the place and it smelled like bleach.  STRONG.  It is ok.  We move to the menu and ordering area.  Everyone picked out their meal.  Ordered and sat down.  We got our food pretty quickly.  I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink).  The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland.  I remember the sauce was savory.  The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.  I was hungry so I ate it.
4	So, I dated a Japanese guy in highschool. His parents owned a Japanese restaurant and I work there busing tables. I got hooked on the food. Tokyo Express has my favorite food on Earth. Well, almost. Their chicken katsu bowl is very close. Although its a bit funny because the real deal is made with pork, which is 'katsu' in Japanese, So their bowl is a 'chicken pork bowl'. LOL
3	STKCulinary Ninja here.I was famished so I left the shadows for a bit. When I ordered , the nostalgia inducing favorites (such as Chicken Katsu, Tokyo Chicken, Karubi Beef) I remembered so well from high school would remain distant and in memory.  Being vegetarian now, it came down to the vegetarian staples.  I ordered as if channeling a sumo at his stable, in training.  Sumo consume a small breakfast when enabled and a small dinner but do get the benefit of one large vegetarian lunch! This midsized meal exceeded my expectations; so here now is the enlightenment and spiritual awakening.Order: Steamed Vegetable Bowl, Side Of Curry, Kappa Maki Cucumber Roll, Sunomono Salad, Hot TeaEntree; Steamed Vegetable Bowl: StapleCulinary Thought: Eating this fast made me desire the larger portion, which sadly I eyed after I completed my bowl.Ninja Eating Plan: Broccoli, cabbage and carrots with a light Teriyaki glaze over rice, which for a moderate fee can be switched with brown rice. The addition of gomashio (Japanese black and white salt granules) and shichimi (Japanese 7 spice pepper) nicely balanced out the flavoring. Appetizer: O-Sunomono: Perfect for the 82 degree weatherAppetizer: Curry: Meh.Sides: I alternated hot and cool bites with the remaining brown rice from the entree. Hot curry over rice provided great warmth while the cold and pickled cucumbers helped to ease the palette after each eager bite. Culinary Thought: Although the curry was passable, the severe absence of pickled onions, stewed potatoes or veggies at all made it, meh.  Waste not want not, this ninja made it all disappear. Ninja Eating Plan: Alternated hot and cold bites, but O-Sunomono was gone first.Sushi: Kappa Maki: GoodCulinary Thought: Fast food and elegant preparation in the same establishment?  Probably the only place in the world that can offer speed and sophistication in a fast food, casual dining setting.Ninja Eating Plan: Simple cucumber and sesame seed 8 piece roll. Neatly wrapped up and gone in 90 seconds.Overall experience of the Culinary Ninja: Fast and affordable, just outside of Old-town. Will return twice before the first day of summer.
1	Absolutely, without a doubt, THE GROSSEST excuse for sushi I have ever attempted to consume...Please, God, remind me the next time that I'm in a hurry and craving sushi, to head to the freakin grocery store!The rice was oddly wet and smooshed down (I could barely detect that it was rice), the seaweed was mushy, wet and stringy, and my tempura shrimp roll was the size of a woman's fist. The whole experience (if one could call it that) was deplorable...The woman did give me my money back after I took the slop up to the counter, but oh, my God, I can't get that foul taste out of my mouth....What was I thinking?
1	Wow, I am surprised at how far this place has gone downhill! I came in here the other night after not being in for a while, and for how dead they were (every time I go in here, the place is dead, so--how are they staying in business?), the service was inexcusably slow. Isn't this supposed to be "fast food"? The manager was unresponsive to my comment to that effect. There was also a cockroach just inside the front door, so maybe the health department should get involved. Also, just yesterday I hit Whole Foods' sushi bar, and for about the same price got a truly fresh product, so I won't be going back into Tokyo anytime soon.
2	Got my food real fast (Express, I guess). Curry rice was over-spiced, not tasty at all.
4	For the money.....great job! I don't know what I like more, the option to sub white rice with brown or the spa-like music playing at just the right level. The bamboo shades & slatted seats (however counter-service the place is otherwise) really made this eatery feel relaxing and soft and COOL on a warm day :)I wasn't sure what my taste buds really wanted that day. I played it safe and ordered something I could compare easily to other restaurants: Teriyaki chicken bowl was tasty & lite. I would have used a bit more sauce, but i tend to do that anyway, so maybe it was par for a good bowl presentation. They offer Bento box, some sushi, lots of veggie and fish options, and a kind approach to service with authentic smiles :)**Visit was 7/20/12
2	I went here for lunch disregarding the not so great reviews. When you first get there it's pretty abandoned looking, but once walking inside I was surprised by how many people were there. I thought, "GREAT! the reviews are wrong."I ordered a las vegas roll and a teriyaki salmon. When I opened my box that help my roll...I was disapointed. The roll was very pale which normally indicates that it wasn't cooked long enough. I still gave it a try, and I could tase the doughy batter. Once I peeled off the outside of the roll I was left with cream cheese, salmon, and rice. The rice wasn't very good either...After about the third "piece" I gave up after my stomach started to hurt. I would not recommend this roll, I would much rather go to RA and spend about the same amount of money on their sushi. I haven't eaten the salmon, but from what I was seeing that and the chicken are very popular...Here's hoping when I'm feeling better, they will get an updated review.
4	STK 2013Ninja stomach silent but hungry.Order: Soba Noodles, Side Curry, Small Salad, Side VegetablesEntree: SobaCulinary Thought: I enjoyed this, all while applying a not-so known noisy ninja noodle-noshing technique .  Whilst consuming noodles, it is the only time for ninja to make sounds!  Also, it allows one to truly experience the essence of  soba.  Come with me sometime for a demonstration.  Ninja Eating Plan: The season of winter was heavily upon the area at the time so it was appropriate.  I did negate the chicken provided, for this ninja is a vegetarian seeking the ultimate enlightenment. The gentle mix of gomashio (Japanese black and white salt granules) and shichimi (Japanese 7 spice pepper) nicely accompanied the broth but I do wish it was hotter due to my extensive ninja warrior training in the cold.  The noodles were the star of the dish, with the spinach playing a strong second shamisen.Dessert: Chocolate CakeCulinary Thought:  Normally ninja pass on dessert.  Tokyo Express is an exception to that ninja rule.  They KNOW dessert.Gotten better since last time but I am eager to discover if it is even better now in 2013!  Happy New Year Tokyo Express!P.S. I will return before the first blossoms of Spring after extensive ninja mountain training.  Itadakimasu!!!!!!!
2	Opted to try a noodle soup. Description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup. Sadly, not being able to eat shrimp, my entire to-go order was a waste. No happy belly on this trip.
4	Love the chicken katsu with the side of curry. They also have carb-free menu options. Most stuff on the menu is less than $10.The best part : It's a drive thru!! And you don't have to wait that long for your food.
4	I really like this place for a healthy post gym meal. Its all about the Terriyaki light and if you can afford the calories - the egg rolls are the best i think ive had.
5	Love this place.  They closed the one by Mesa Community College.  Very disappointing over 10 years ago.  Great authentic dishes and preparation since I've eaten quite a few meals in Japan.  It's cheap and quick.  It will fill you up, but you'll be hungry again sooner than normal.  No alcohol.  Serves different rice and noodle bowls.
5	Love this place! Been coming here since high school. Chicken Terryaki lite w/ brown rice is the business.
4	I grew up eating Tokyo Express at the now closed location of 36th st and Thomas.  The food isn't exactly authentic but it was the first sushi I ever had and I still love their California rolls... I still haven't found anywhere that competes with their teriyaki chicken bowl.
5	Had never eaten here before and I have a list full of food allergies and I was getting some chicken and rice for my dog. I had a lot of questions and the two employees behind the counter answered all of my questions confidently and were kind as well as patient. We got home to find out how delicious everything was! Definitely will be seeing more of me here!
3	Stopped in for lunch. Ordered a #11 and my girl ordered a #1. Mine tasted good but was a little meh... only rice, chicken, and carrots. Jazz it up a bit! Her teriyaki chicken was good but kinda soy-saucey tasting. Egg rolls were awesome though!   Overall not bad but nothing amazing. Place was clean but kinda outdated and could use sprucing up. Bathrooms were old and beat... toilet in the woman's was cracked lol. specially for Scottsdale!
4	I had never been into this place before (because let's be honest, it looks a bit sketchy from the outside) but I am so glad my friend Melissa introduced me to it the other day on our lunch break! I had the Teriyaki Chicken combo and also had dumplings. All was good and I plan on going back.
2	The inconsistency really turned me off eating at this particular location. Sometimes the serving portions were tiny;  the amount of chicken on the teriyaki bowl was meager at best. If you can't even pile on the rice to the rim there is something seriously wrong.Also, the restaurant is not that clean. Take a look at the infant booster-seat that's available - its filthy! I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like.
2	Not even for the price was it good food. It wasn't particularly bad it was just meh for the price I have had much better. Don't waste your time here, there are plenty of better places to the north and south that are better and, honestly, worth the money. Save your nickels and dimes and cook at home then go to a real restaurant with the savings.
4	Tried them for the first time and I will be a regular. Their chicken salad is my favorite thing and their teriyaki chicken was delicious. Fast service and courteous.
1	This place sucks.  Pre packaged or microwaved. I can't tell which. Either way, horrible quality frozen meat. Will never be back.
3	The idea is great, but the food and atmosphere is mediocre. For some reason, there seems to be an odd lack of lighting here. Oh theres plenty of lights, they just arent all on. Also, wouldnt exactly call the place clean. Bathrooms are gross and the whole place just feels unsanitary. The green color with beige color scheme that they chose doesnt help. I was feeling in the mood for something sweet, so I got some cake to go with my sushi. The sushi wasnt anything special, but it wasnt bad. Didnt expect more since I sort of see this place as a McDonalds for Japanese food. The cake, however, was just gross and stale. Should not have been served.Honestly not surprised it closed. the building was run down and I figure they kept most the lights off the save electricity because they just weren't making a profit.
3	I used to go to Tokyo Express a lot more when I was younger and cared perhaps a little less about the quality and taste of my food then than my wallet. I still have the occasional desire a few times a year to go and the quality is nothing amazing but I've never gotten sick from their food. The decor is a little drab and probably hasn't changed in over a decade but not dreadful either. Never seen more than one or two customers when I go. The sushi is "so so" but I find their chicken teriyaki and my favorite dish the Oyako bowl (white meat chicken with egg and onion) very good. A place to good if you're running short on cash, don't want to eat home buy can't afford one of the good sushi places nearby.
3	I've always been a fan of Tokyo Express but was disappointed when I returned from a long blank in patronage to find that the portions had decreased. Not much change in pricing but an obvious decrease in the portions. I guess everyone is compensating in every way they can. The food was still good and as I remember it.
2	This place is slightly scary... Food in cases as soon as you walk in looks horrid... I got a veggie dish that wasn't horrible but I won't be back.  One vegetarian option only and the place just has a sad run down feel to it....
1	Yay!!! This place is CLOSED! Now hopefully something worth while will take it's place!! Yay!!!!
