5	This is a great independent Land Rover shop.  Kevin truly knows what he's talking about and did a great job with our Discovery I.  This shop is clean and well organized.  I'd recommend this shop to any Rover owner!
5	Just got my Range Rover back and I couldn't be happier. Everything was done right and the price was a lot lower then anyone else. I would highly recommend them.
5	Thank you Rov-N-techs for great and honest service today.I called Rov-N-Techs at approx 9am, Monday to see about my coming in for an issue-AC fan continues to blow with key out/engine off.  David answered the phone, asked about the issue and offered a time to come in.  I arrived 2 hours early as David was just finishing with another client.  David politely explained up front the $97 diagnostic cost(1 hr or 4 hr, doesn't matter).  Dave pulled my 03 HSE into the bay to begin diagnostics.  He came out in a few minutes, advising of the progress, and then returned to work.  Shortly later, he ruled out wiring and ID'ed the issue as likely being a faulty aftermarket part(evident by it being extremely hot when it should be much cooler).  He reinstalled the factory part I brought and all was well again.Being lunch time, he was the only one in the shop, but still managed to help another woman who stopped in.  I was concerned this would prolong my visit, but he answered her questions and she was off.  I should have asked for all of my items to be addressed up front, but they slipped my mind at the time.  While nearly done with my AC issue, I added a request for him to look into "service engine" code, on top of a brake check.  Despite this, David remained absolutely polite and helpful throughout.He gave me plenty of recommendations and options, things to look out for and a few basic reminders which were new to a new Rover owner.  At no point during his added recommendation did I detect an urgent or doom and gloom tone. Ie "If your XXXX part continues like this, your rotator splint could go in the next 1000 miles and the engine would blow and take out a school bus!"  After some added insight, David simply reminded my coming back for anything and everything Range Rover related.  He reminded that there are other good shops out there, but none with the specialty and value offered by Rov-N-Techs.Because of this great experience- Service first attitude, no pressure sales or exaggerated claims and straightforward honesty.... I will take my Rover back to them in a heartbeat if needed.  I'm thankful to have found my 1-stop shop for all things Range Rover.Thanks guys!
5	I purchased a used 2000 LR Discovery from a guy in CA, up front he told me I needed a new CPU unit which would eliminate the idiot lights on the dash for emissions, cost of the used unit $450 and with labor I was thinking a $1000.I brought it in to Rover N Techs and automatically they told me the CPU rarely goes out and it should be something else. They were jammed with at least 20 cars in the lot and told me it would be 10 days. I  left my car and got a call noting it wasn't the CPU unit, someone replaced 2 sensors backwards and caused the error.Charge $145, which included the scope, fix the sensors and labor.As a business owner myself for over 30 years, the experience and honesty these guys shown was what we call old school.I will pass this story on forever and my Land Rovers will go to these guys, great job!Ted
5	Kevin, Joe and Dave (All the mechanics) rock!  They are true masters at what they do. I brought my 26 year old, non US, oddball Landy diesel in for some work. They ordered the parts from back east and fixed it faster than planned, cheaper than quoted and did the job right. I have known Joe and Kevin from their days working for the local dealership and I would request that they were the only guys to touch my previous Defender when I took it for service there.Their shop is clean, well ran and they offer the highest quality repairs of any Land Rover shop that I have ever used. There is nothing cheap about owning a Rover so you might as well get it done right the first time and this is the place!
5	It's so refreshing to have honest people who do great quality work, try and save you money and are helpful. Even though I could fix some things on my car myself I would rather take it here because I know they will do great work. If you have a Land Rover you have to come here!
5	Great customer service!  Very nice and helpful over the phone with regard to a dead battery on my wife's LR4.  Took her in right away, and diagnosed the problem.  When they realized that our car was a 2012 and that the battery should be under warranty, we were told that they could not take our money!  Instead, they called their contacts at the Scottsdale Land Rover dealer, confirmed our warranty, made an appointment for her to head right over where we had the work done for free.  Score one for the good guys - we will most certainly be back for any non-warranty issues.  Thanks!
