5	Just Vapin is a phenomenal place. The service is absolutely incredible with friendly, kind, and generous staff. There is a wide selection of e-juice, and I always make it a point to try a new one each visit.
5	BIG PROS:Super friendly service by staff who are educated about their industry and productsFantastic selection of great quality, fresh blended house juices at a great price Clean and zen shopEasy parking, convenient location, accepts cardsThere are a lot of vape shops in LV, but if you want a super friendly, chilled out experience, in a clean and comfortable and zen shop that with no pretenses and a killer house juice selection, this is your place.  My friend and I stopped by Just Vapin yesterday - her to replace an e-cig and me to check out their juice selection.The shop is located in a plaza a little south of the "Statue of Liberty" on Sahara.  Convenient to the strip area and many of the off-strip restaurants that foodies are haunting these days.The first thing I noticed was how clean the shop was and the calm vibe.  While I appreciate that other shops go for different types of  customers, I liked the modest and zen approach of the lounge here.  Low key and comfortable, but well thought out; a place where everyone feels welcome.We were greeted by Rainna and Kelly who introduced themselves and took care of us individually.  Kelly invited me over to the juice bar to sample the juices.  I was given a clean pre-packaged tip and was allowed to sample as many juices as I liked.  I asked her to make recommendations for me, and she did a wonderful job.  They carry their own JV house juices, Suicide Bunny, Golden Drops, and a few others.  The house juices are great and the selection of flavors is vast.  They are also always working towards inventing new flavors and are open to suggestions.  I chose the JV three (3), 10ml bottles for $25.  A great deal!  My juices were blended fresh, packaged up quickly, rang up and I was on my way.Rainna assisted my friend with finding a new vape to replace her e-cig and she's very happy with the selection shown to her, the service, product, and price.In addition to the machines and juices, they also do mods.  There are some beautiful hand decorated boxes and frames in the display cases, but I don't know if they are for sale.We both definitely plan on coming back to this shop for all of our vape needs.  Great experience. Highly recommend and will be happy to send others to this shop.
5	Vape stores are blowing up all over town and it's hard to find one with the right balance of juice quality and service. I've been to my share, and just let me say that this is one of the best . The customer service is extremely personal and top notch compared to many others. The owner, and staff are very hands on. tremendously attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.They have a leg up with their punch card as well: basically you receive a punch in your card when you purchase a juice, and after 10 punches you get a free juice...love this idea. I've never seen this with previous establishments.Highly recommend, and I'm fortunate that I live 5 minutes away, however, if I lived on the other side of town I would still be here for all my vaping needs.Andy
5	These guys are amazing. I live in the LA area, land of the E-cig/Vapeshops. I have two really good shops within 3 miles of me and I still support this shop whenever I can. Their passion for service and commitment to staying on the cutting edge of new gear and top shelf juices at a really reasonable price point keeps me coming back.They have shipped everything I wanted Super fast. I love these guys and wish they were in My neighborhood!
5	Walked in to a very warm greeting even though it was ten minutes to closing. I needed some fluid, expressed what I liked, and she came back with three winners! I look for only house made fluids and I'm a pain as I ask for 3mg. Five minutes later I was hooked up! I will be back for sure!
5	I have the best vaping experience every time I visit Just Vapin! ALL of the woman are friendly, knowledgeable, and just out right welcoming! Their builder, Kris is the best in the city, in my opinion! They ALL go to any lengths to make me feel like I'm their only customer. I buy all my vaping products, including clean and yummy juices, from Just Vapin
5	This is the only vape shop I go to. If I went anywhere else I'd feel guilty for cheating because they are so good to me. They carry all my favorite juices, their prices are fair & their customer service is genuine. They really want to give you the best experience possible whether you're new to vaping or you're a vaping veteran. Thank you Just Vapin'!
5	I only go to Just Vapin' for my Vape needs. They've got a huge selection of juices, and the staff is great!
5	I researched quality vape shops in town on vacation and stumbled across this gem. My wife has been longing for a vape pen for the longest time. I found this shop's humble origins, along with a community feel to be the right choice. I particularly liked that the shop is geared towards woman: welcoming, relaxing, zen feel. The juice bar is fantastic, you can sample the house juices as well as other brands. We picked up the evod starter kit and 3 juices for less than $100. Bring in an old pack of smokes to say goodbye to, and they will give you a free vial of juice! Kudos ladies for a unique idea!
5	While on my visit to The Sin City, my Russian 91% tank broke. I called one shop, who said oh yes we have the Russian. I drove twenty miles and found out the guy was selling Russian clones, not a "True" clone, nope, it was a clone of a clone. Needless to say I left his shop on Rainbow road. I found "Just Vapin" on Yelp and drove over. They weren't open yet but as soon as they saw me in the parking lot they took mercy on my shattered soul and flipped the "Open" sign on. Went in and was greeted by the three wonderful ladies. Long story short..... Not only did they repair my Russian and not charge me, I bought another one from them as well as some incredible juices (which they make there). This has become my favorite vape shop in Vegas. I went to quite a few others as well.Thank You All so much for helping a man with a broken Russian and proving that there are still people in Vegas who don't have an angle. These Ladies are straight shooters and very accommodating. Thanks again, see ya next time I'm in town.Steve
5	An atmosphere and quality of service and products as compared to none.  I thoroughly felt comfortable doing business with the staff and enjoy the products I purchased.
5	This is truly a great place for your vape needs. They have an awesome collection of mech mods, house juices, and all the staff is great and friendly. All female staff Kelly and maria are sweet hearts! I wish that they had vape shops like this in California.
5	My favorite vape shop ever. Also the only female run (family) vape shop in Vegas. The variety of flavors is amazing and so is the customer service and price range. Every woman that helps me out is beyond generous and personable, I love them. Ps I recommend their "I love you so much" flavor :)
5	The girls at Just Vapin' are awesome! They really know what they're talking about and will happily help you with any questions you may have. There's a little lounge area where you can vape and hang out, which is pretty cool as I haven't seen that in any other shop. They also have a juice bar, where you can sample all of their house-made juices. Pomegranate-Blueberry is my current favorite, but I also recommend the Key Lime Pie flavor. Tip: They have sales all the time that they post to their IG and Facebook accounts! ;)
