4	Well, I've now taken both of my animals here for and had a grand total of four visits in the past 6 months.  I've got to say, I really REALLY love this place!I had a really awesome vet in my home town, so naturally I was worried about bringing my animals to see a new one (we had one REALLY bad vet once upon a time).  A friend recommended this place to me, so I decided to try it out.On the first visit, they quickly got us into an exam room with very minimal wait.  The vet tech came very quickly, and she was very good to my dog.  Then I met Dr. Hodges.  She is SUCH an amazing vet!  She was so good with both my animals and me.  She does a great job of answering questions, and she's really into alternative medicine for animals.  While I was spazzing out because my dog was sick, she really helped to assuage my concerns.  One time I was able to bring my dog immediately in for an emergency appointment.  It ended up being nothing serious, but she personally saw him about 5 minutes after we arrived.  The emergency visit was the same price as the regular office visit (although it was probably because it was during hours).One of my other favorite things is that Dr. Hodges calls me personally with the results of any testing and to check up on the animals after they've had an appointment.  It reminds me of my previous vet, and I really like that she gives great, practical, and easy-to-understand information.The only complaint I have is that the prices are a little high (it's $58 for an office visit).  They might just be the standard cost for a vet visit here in Charlotte, but I have no idea since this is the only vet I've used here.  Nevertheless, they take such good care of my boys, it's totally worth it.  They also participate in a lot of community events with animals, and I really love that about them as well.I totally, highly recommend this vet if you are in the market for one!!
5	I've got to admit this is by far the best vet. I've ever taken my pampered pooch, Justus, to. Every two weeks or so Justus and I take a quick trip by Stoney Creek to get his nails trimmed. Justus is a black lab and rottweiler mix, so needless to say he is a very big boy. But that doesn't scare off the stoney creek staff. The staff here handle Justus with genuine love and care. Justus' favorite groomer, Amanda, always goes above and beyond to make sure that Justus is comfortable by securing Justus, his own private room so that he is not distracted or stressed by  the other dogs and animals in the office. When Amanda comes to take Justus back for his nail dremel Justus is so excited he wags his whole body. For those of you that know how difficult it is to get your dog accustomed to vet visits you can understand how big a deal this is. Justus actually enjoys going to the vet. And I have no question that he is in great care. The staff is always very tender with his little doggie toes, and caters to his every need. Laying Justus to his side for comfort, the groomers begin to drill down the nail, all the while petting him and talking to him reassuring Justus that he is fine and everything is all right. Justus responds to their kind voices and gentleness by giving the staff kisses once his mani -pedi is complete. Praising him for being still and cooperative the whole time the groomers give Justus water, and a treat as they put back on his leash. Justus is then brought back out to the front and we are on our merry way. Quick, easy, and painless; our whole visit takes no more than 15 minutes on a busy day. So I'd like to give a great big thank you to all the staff and Stoney Creek Animal Hospital for your awesome customer service and animal care. You've made our vet visits a lot more enjoyable.
2	If Stoney Creek were a mechanics shop, they would certainly be the dealership. Although they are extremely competent and seem to be very good vets, they are very expensive and constantly trying to sell vaccines and checkups and all kinds of other services I don't need. They are also not very flexible. I had a Saint Bernard who got bit by a brown recluse (we think) and the skin turned black over night and began falling off of the leg and rotting. I rushed him to Stoney Creek and they originally refused to see him without an appointment (next day was the earliest). I found this, along with their lack of concern, to be really disconcerting. However, besides that one situation, they typically seem to care. They're also very expensive. They quoted a simple neutering at $350 while my other, equally competent vet in Winston Salem, quotes $150.
5	About three months ago, my boyfriend and I found a puppy wandering alone after being abandoned by a former neighbor. My boyfriend's dog sees a vet in Salisbury, but since this puppy was now mine, I wanted a vet that was closer. I called all the vets around us to ask for pricing and get a feel for the staff, and VCA Stoneycreek was my choice.I have not regretted them for a second. The staff is absolutely wonderful and have been from day one. We never wait long, they answer my questions when I call them, and they take care of my puppy the way they would want their dogs taken care of. My puppy loves going to the vet because of the wonderful care she receives at VCA Stoneycreek!
2	All right, after a couple of years of sending my animals here, I have to say I have been disenchanted with this place.  Let me tell you why:1. Cost - While I thought this place was expensive before, I really had no realization of HOW expensive this place really is.  It is around $60 for the office visit, any blood work or testing is OUTRAGEOUSLY priced, and even the vaccinations have run much higher than I have ever paid in my life. In one year, I spent more than $2000 in testing, bloodwork, and medication for my dog who was diagnosed with Cushings Disease.  2. No set vet - Please don't get me wrong, I understand there are times when you have multiple vets an office and sometimes they need to cover for each other or consult each other.  However, you have no set vet there, as far as I know.  Any vet could be handling your animal.  It really stinks when you have gotten attached to a particular vet and you can't always see or talk to that vet.  I worry that this affects the quality of care than my animals get there.3. Boarding - So, the last time I have ever boarded my dog was here, and the experience was bad enough that I will now never board my animal again.  My dog had been the vet here and been prescribed medication by the vet for his Cushings disease.  I left specific instructions on his medications and included more food than he would ever really need.  All the food was given to him, more than he probably needed, and of course several doses of his medication were not given to him.  He was there for 5 days.  The manager of the kennel was understanding, and he did refund one day of boarding and the medication fees I paid.  Well, considering each day of boarding is $25 (which seems expensive for the care he got) and I had already paid $125, this was better than nothing but still did not make up for this mistake, as my dog spent a miserable and restless time there.I still appreciate that they participate in a lot of community events, and it is handy that you can do so much online there with the pet portal.  They are great at sending you reminders of vaccinations due with plenty of time to get it taken care of.  I am just not sure that I see the value in all of that compared to the high costs of care.
1	Took my boxer there for an annual exam and vaccines. The vet was nice, and when she didn't know the answers about his hair loss she pulled out her big book and checked, which I appreciate, however...We wanted to get his nails trimmed. The staff couldn't seem to handle a 60 lb boxer (who was seated), and I had to show them where the quick of his nail was located. He routinely got his nails trimmed, I just don't think they knew what they were doing. Small dogs may be different.My BIGGEST issue, and the reason I will tell people to be aware...is because they did (or at least were supossed to) do a full check up on him. They said they did blood work as well as a fecal testing. Well, they missed that he was in end stages of cancer!!! We left there thinking our boxer was healthy, but it was so far from true. He had blood tests, vaccines, the whole work up and in fact was diagnosed with an ear infection. (Which by the way was so ridiculously expensive to diagnose and treat. Then the vet admitted she probably didn't need to swab his ear and run diagnostics (because she could tell just from his wax and smell it was infected) so she basically admitted she ran an unnecessary test.  Between the diagnosis and the meds, it was around $75-$100. I also decided to update his vaccines, and they were triple the price of Pet Smarts mobile vaccine clinic. (Don't forget-- you'll also oay the exam fee too!!)  they wanted me to being him back in a week to recheck his ear...at the tune of $60 fee. I told them I'd call if I felt like the meds failed. For what it's worth, I found the same medication online (with a vet prescription) for around $12. Wow, talk about overhead!! Shortly after our visit, we visited another vet when we felt something was off with our dog. The new vet  told us how the vet at Stoney creek  must have really dropped the ball. Less than 2 months after our visit to Stoney creek animal hospital, we found out that our boxer was in major organ failure from leukemia. This isn't something that happened in those 2 months, based on his symptoms (which I also reported to SCAH) he had been sick for almost several months.I am not saying  they are the reason we had to put our beloved pet to sleep. I am saying that they are really expensive, push unnecessary testing and vaccines, and apparently aren't thorough during their exam. There is no reason that they shouldn't have caught that he was dying. Had we known his true state if health, we could have started treatment and medication earlier. The place is a chain/franchise, you are treated as a number and they just want to suck money out of you. I truly believe that had they done a true exam, we could have made better decisions for our sweet pet. Our boxer was my first baby and such a beloved member of our family. I write this review over a year later. I am not angry or vengeful to this animal clinic, but I do believe that my boxer received less than acceptable care from this facility.
1	I have been a client here for 6 years, and the quality has continued to go downhill, while the price has skyrocketed. I love animals, and I have rescued 5 dogs and cats. Every time I go to Stoney Creek, they try to force me to buy exorbitantly priced tests and medications. Dr. Jill Pascarella is rude, condescending, and lacks any empathy for her clients. I literally left the office in tears today after she implied that I don't care about my dog, because I did not want to pay for the same bacterial test that the dog has already had 4 times. She told me that I don't listen, and stormed out of the exam room. This was after waiting 45 minutes past my appointment time while my dog was become increasingly frightened and uncomfortable. In total I spent $160 for a 10 min exam and medicines for a simple skin infection. $65 for antibiotics that you can buy at harris teeter for $5.  I was also pressured to buy expensive vet-only food (in case there is a food allergy, but she isn't sure...) and additional expensive allergy tests and medications. Then she told me that I was using the wrong flea and tick treatment (Frontline). Of course, they have a more expensive version there. I will NEVER go back there again.
1	My wife and I brought our animals here for over 10 years, even after moving to Stallings, we would still drive all that way. Recently after our oldest rescue passed away, we decided to find a new vet mostly because we had noticed that ever since becoming a "VCA" animal hospital, the prices have sky-rocketed, and the service has dropped significantly. When I say the prices are ridiculous, they are literally double for most basic procedures that you can get done at any vet office. If the prices are going to be that high, I would expect the service to match what I am paying, and that is certainly not the case. We always felt pressured into very high priced procedures, that when we turned down because of price, were snubbed off and looked down upon by the Dr and/or Tech.  That does not stand true for everyone working in the office, but the great majority. I can truly say I believe this office cares more about money than they do about any living being, animal or human. To top it off, and this is what pushed me to finally write this review, is a few days ago I got an advertisement for dog teeth care in the mail from VCA. On the front page in big bold letters is "  You can't get dentures for Peanut"      Peanut being the name of my deceased dog, who passed more than a month ago!!! As I am sure most dog owners can relate, they become a part of our family, and after 13 years, a part of you. With the passing still raw in the family with my wife and daughter, seeing our dead dogs name, being used in an advertisement, without our permission was disgusting. The response from Stoney Creek???     Sorry that was sent from our corporate office in California, must have been done before our records updated.   I don't want your excuse of corporate sending something, when we started coming here there was no "corporate" in California.All VCA cares about, yes they are known to me now as just VCA, the Stoney Creek we went to does not exist anymore,  is the money. Find a consistent vet, one who knows your animals, and is not trying to rip your wallet out of your pocket the entire visit.
2	All we ask was for our dog to be groom and get one shot.   They had the dog from 8am, we call at 12 and the dog was not ready.  We call at 2pm and the dog was not ready.  We went there at 4pm and the our dog was still waiting in a cage.  Did get groom or however they did not give the shot yet.   They finally gave the dog a shot.   Home by 5pm.    Way too long, for something so simple.   We will never take our dog back to this place.
1	Very unpleasant experience with this animal hospital. Our dog was having issues with his hind leg when we decided to take him in. The vet barely paid any attention to the things I was trying to tell her about the issue. Felt around on his hind leg and said "well I don't feel arthritis, and he seems fine now". Of course I take him home and over the next two days he still can't even get up.The point that bothered me more than anything was that she examined him for probably under 5 minutes, said she didn't see anything wrong, and then that she wanted to do exploratory surgery in his stomach. I'm sorry, she couldn't even say what she thought the issue might be or if there was an issue and decided that the dog needed surgery!? I told her  we definitely weren't going to let her do that without giving us some more insight, at which point her entire mood changed. We asked if there was anything at all she could even recommend for the pain, and she refused to tell us anything. Literally said "If you aren't going to let me do surgery then there's nothing else I'm going to tell you."Really horrible and sad experience for me and my pup :(
