2	A international microbrew chain seems like a contradiction in terms. 3 Brasseurs first opened a few years ago in Montreal at this location and have been expanding in every direction ever since. I'm not sure why. I find their beer to be mediocre at best. It manages to be both too sweet and too bitter at the same time.  I'm tempted to say there's too much hops but my beer snob friends tell me there's no such thing as "too much hops."  In any case, what I do know is that there are far better brewpubs in town that aren't chains and don't have the artificial ambience of an airport bar. I guess the main attraction for many is the free peanuts. The food is passable.
2	The first time we found ourselves in this place was on a walking lark when we needed a  seat and a drink. It served its purpose well for that, and the boxing broadcast on TV. The next day, however, we stopped for lunch, and that was disappointing to say the least. The service was so so, the waiter mildly attentive, and the "blonde-beer burger" less than mediocre. The patty was a frozen piece of leather that tasted of some sort of filler, a la 'hamburger helper". No evidence of a beer marinated beef. The fries were also rubbery and bland. It made for a below-stellar afternoon of indigestion.
4	Without access to a computer to access Yelp, I trusted the advice of the hotel and tried Les 3 Brasseurs for dinner and a couple of drinks.Although I did not try the beer, which looked exciting with mixes, I was just weary of not liking beer cocktails so i stuck with wine. I was excited to spot brie fondue, and was a little disappointed when it was more baked brie than brie fondue.  Perhaps I would have known better had they been kind enough to provide us Anglo diners with an English menu. Me and my dining partner also split a pepperoni pizza which was actually really good, it was very thin doughy crust, which I liked, and there was a nice hint of garlic in the cheese.I must say, I really liked the atmosphere and admired the microbrewery equipment. Service was also good and things came quickly and as requested despite a language barrier with our server.All in all it wsas a decent dining experience, just nothing to call home about.
4	We went here for a happy hour with friends.  I had yummy mojitos and hubby tried several beers.  We also had some appetizers.  Everything was delicious, the waitress friendly and patient (since we want to split the bill 100 different ways). A nice place to hang out with friends and chat and drink :)
3	reminded me of gordon biersch. close to the big hotels downtown. great if you wanna be around other tourists and not feel so dumb for not being able to speak french. their weird take on pizza was exactly what i wanted: raw milk cheese, sausage, onions. yum!
4	Good beer, friendly waiters who are used to English speakers, and good food.  This was my second trip (though different location) to Les 3 Brasseurs.  Even though there are many nearby restaurants, I chose this restaurant for the fresh amber.  Outdoor seating is a plus.
5	I came here while visting my little brother up in Mcgill. I was told to skip the burgers and bar food and head straight for the Beer braised pork shank. Boy oh Boy it was mouth watering and melted in my mouth but was also a heart attack since it was a shank (the upper part of the leg). If you do head here I would come only for the shank and to wash it down with a light pint of beer, you will not be disappointed.
2	i had the $8 pint called "the latino" it was so bitter I had to hold my breath to swallow it all, by then we went back to rue crescent for some more bar hopping and cheaper tastier beer. once the waiter saw we werent ordering food she literally came and gave us the check without asking if we wanted more drinks which by the looks of our faces was an obvious NO anyways. I say that the on site brewing machines are the highlight of the tourist trap experience here
4	My friends and I kept calling this the 'Chilis of Montreal". Everywhere we turned, we found one of these places. We visited this locale twice since it was in walking distance of our hotel. First things first, the beer here...delicious. They brew it themselves and have a couple of flavors to choose from. Both times, I went with the Blanche, which has a hint of fruit in it and it was delicious. For the better bang for your buck, get the liter. It's massive and quite heavy, but worth it for less than $10! We also had various plates here for lunch one day. We tried their burgers, flat pizza, poutine and pasta. Everyone seemed quite satisfied and to top it off, we had great service when we were there both times.
3	Visited this brewpub in two locations while vacationing in Montreal.The beer here is quite decent and we ended up trying all 4 of those which they brew (1 liter each) across both visits. They could definitely have a bigger selection of beer and include at least one dark beer. When buying the beer by the liter the price is decent, otherwise its a little on the pricey side.With regards to food, we only had the pizza (2 veggie varieties) and enjoyed it both times. Somewhat small/thin but great to share with 2 people when you are not very hungry. Found the food a little on the expensive side. However, if you are still hungry they have peanuts you can munch on for free. Not quite as good as the peanuts at a 'Five Guys' (US Burger Chain), however decent. I prefer them roasted a little longer with some salt, they were just plainly roasted.Location wise, you have Brutopia just a few blocks away and other stores within vicinity. Found the location in Old Montreal by the port to be a much better location with outdoor seating even.In summary, this is an average brewpub but definitely worth the trip if you go to the one in Old Montreal. Suggest walking around a bit and then stopping in the soak up the atmosphere (be sure to be outside).
4	5 stars for the beer & drinks3.5 stars for the foodI had a pitcher of La Blanche and it was delicious - very fruity and refreshing. The sangria was also veryyy good. Unfortunately, the food was just mediocre. However, I do recommend the chicken - it was very tender.Come here for the drinks!
4	My favorite thing about this place was the beer, especially the amber.  Definitely one of the better microbrewed beers that I've tried.  The food is your typical bar fare.  I remember enjoying my meal, but wasn't really blown away.  I agree with others who have said to come for the beer.
3	Decent pub fare, decent beer, decent prices.  Good spot for a casual bite,  we had our 4yr old with and they had a children's menu which is great.
1	Slow servers.Soda was only refilled when I yelled out to the server.Nothing too special.
3	Les 3 Brasseurs is a great place to go for a unique drink and interesting visuals. The place has two floors, with dining options on both. From the bottom floor, you can look over to the bar to see metal pipes directly connected to the huge tanks on the second floor. If you're curious, you can go up to the second floor and get a closer look at several of the tanks of there. As far as atmosphere goes, the place makes you feel warm - it may have something to do with the high heat setting and the red decor. The servers are lukewarm at best, but I think most of them are French-speaking and a tad shy with tourists. Either way, they could be a little difficult to flag down at times.Beer cocktails! I don't care what gender you are, you better try one. My man-friend was delighted by his wheat ale Shirley Temple. Another friend had a light beer mixed with maple whiskey. Coming from a craft beer snob, I can ensure that you won't be disgusted by the concoctions they've come up with.
4	Very crowded when I went. But with Pizza and Beer u can't go wrong !! :D
3	First place I went to when we got in to Montreal.The place looks like a typical chain brewery restaurant.  We were seated quite quickly, but that was really all that was quick.  I'm not sure if the waitstaff is always this slow or maybe someone called out.  Our waiter was very nice and did have a number of tables, but a quick lunch took about 2 hours.I was definitely interested in trying the beer and a plate of poutine.  I had the amber ale, which was ok.  A bit too fragrant for me, but not undrinkable.  The poutine was delicious though.For my main course I had the Royal Sauerkraut which had a boiled potato, sauerkraut, a sausage, ham, and a pork shank.  The entire meal was wonderful except for the pork shank.  It was way too fatty.  Honestly I got about 2 fork fulls of meat out of it.  I was thoroughly full and satisfied with my meal.
4	Friendly service and a good place for a burger, thumbs up!
1	Avoid.  We had one of the worst servers ever.  "may I reccomend a steak for sir ? and perhaps a salad for the lady" ?!?!We gave him cash for our cheque and when I handed it to him, he asked "how much change would you like ?" The cheek!Beers were tasty. Food was average.
2	While 3 Brasseurs can be very good on occasion, I find myself disappointed more often than not. When I discovered this place, maybe about 4 years ago, I felt as though the food was delicious and there was never a pint that didn't wow me...Now, on the few times I have been in the past 2 years, I feel as though not only has the food gotten average, but the beer has followed suit (it tastes off about 75% of the time)There is a great waiter on the ground level of this restaurant (I forget his name, but he's fantastic - nice, funny, and courteous)I have on the other hand had a lot of incompetent waitstaff and have had 0 comp from manager when it got that high (major drink screw ups - with the cocktails, would not change our drink because we had a sip, then when met with manager, manager stated "you're lying, you ordered this! - I had ordered the Tango beer cocktail (beer and grenadine) i was given the Monaco beer cocktail (beer and tequila)The ambiance is ok, but gets loud fast and the screens are far and small.There are better pubs out there and don't expect to come here for under $20 per person...Overall 3 brasseurs has gotten very MEH for me.
4	My wife and I entered here to try the happy hour and grab some dinner. We were seated at a high table with great views of all the awesome TVs lining the walls. Our waitress switched to English, no problem, and she was very good.During happy hour they offer their blonde and amber for a good price. The amber was pretty nice, a balance of hops and malt that was very pleasing to the palate. The blonde was refreshing and was delicate.I ordered the chicken southwestern salad. Super yummy. Lots of chicken that was leaking tenderness. My wife had the Caesar and she was happy as well. It came with dressing at first, but our waitress turned it around in about 5 minutes to make my wife happy, dressing on the side. Very impressive. She really was looking to make our experience good.I always say, with social media today, for 5 bucks, I would try to make every customer as happy as possible. A review on Yelp tells me where to go in new cities. If I could pay $5 to get 4 or 5 stars instead of 1 or 2 for bad service, I would take the hit any day. People pay hundreds of dollars for advertising, but $5 here and there is worth its worth in advertising gold. We pretty much ignore any restaurant under 3 1/2 stars.The place was inviting for a touristy brew pub, everyone inside seemed happy. The beer was pretty cheap during happy hour.Mr. Kalenborn was in post 10 mile walking paradise.
3	We came for the beer and only the beer. I ordered the 4 glass sampler and my husband committed to a litre of the blonde. The beer was alright - you could tell it was fresh and unpasturized (the way I like it) but I found the overall flavour a little lacking in each one I tried; needed more depth, and a bit more sweetness in the amber ale would've been nice.I liked the vibe of the place and the service was super friendly. Not bad for a chain.
3	Les 3 Brasseurs, I spent most of time at the university at this place with some friends. It was definitively our student hangout place, so there's a lot of memory in this place for me, my first beer at 10 am.. :)Now on with the actual review, Trois Brasseurs is known to brew their own beer. The beer is actually good as an introduction to non-industrial beer but as soon as your taste in beer develop it becomes generic; however generic doesn't mean not good. Their amber beer is the one I get when I go there and definitively their British beer cocktail tastes great and pack quite a punch. It is possible to order a meter of beer which is about 8 (I think not sure) half-pint and it comes with a free lunch.For the actual food, you will eat fine at this place, it will not be the greatest meal you have experienced, but for the atmosphere there is at this place it's definitively worth it. If I compare with the 3 brasseurs I went to in Reims, the food is less good than the one in France but the menu aren't the same at all. I suggest you go with a burger or flamkueche. Last time I tried the 3 Brasseurs Poutine, it was really good however, I think I gain 3 lbs after eating this it contains a lot of thing and fat (and that was expected, I'm not ordering poutine for their healthy value ;) ).The Atmosphere is like the one in a sport bar, so it's a great place to go with a group of friend during the evening/night you will definitively have a good time there, it doesn't get too noisy so you will be able to hear everyone speak without yelling. For lunch it's quite a nice place also their lunch menu doesn't cost a lot and is quite decent.
2	The food is ridiculously poor, except for the chicken wings which I could eat pound after pound. A good place for afterwork drinkage though.
5	Genial sitio para tomar muy cerveza en un ambiente muy agradable :D
4	As far as bars go, this is a pretty good option. We stopped in for lunch, and they have surprisingly good bar food. There beer is very good - especially the amber! It's clean and nicely set up, so it doesn't feel too crowded; the bartender was very nice and helpful to boot. All in all, a good experience.
4	I was actually very surprised with the their Manhattan Pizza....all of their food has tasted very good.  To tell you the truth...this is actually a very cool place to unwind, and have a drink with some good food.  I'll definitely be coming back to this place until my project is over here in this beautiful city.FYI, this place is loud!  If you're not a fan of loud places...then, this place will not be for you.
2	The only reason I'm not rating it one star is because of the drinks as the food leaves much to be desired.Service is beyond slow. It will take a while before any server comes to take your order. Once we did receive our food my boyfriend wasn't happy as he ordered a chicken burger with avocado and the poutine that accompanied it was very small. Well turns out it wasn't the meal he ordered. My boyfriend wanted to speak to our waitress but she was no where to be found and by the time he actually received the food he was starving. The waitress came over and said that it wasn't our actual meal and that there was a mix up. That was fine but the entire time she neglected to fill our drinks so by the time dinner was over we were completely dehydrated. The food itself is nothing special either. We ordered a chicken burger and poutine. The chicken burger was dry and nothing special while the poutine was severly low quality for Montreal
1	How about this: you come with your family to grab a bite, first thing you wait about 5 minutes for someone to come and take you to your table.After that, you get taken to a table next to a group of people who are having a bachelor's party, where they're playing with an inflatable doll (!), with a 11 year old kid on the table!We complain about it, and get taken to another table. A few moments after, another waitress comes and tells us that the table isn't clean! What?! the table was just cleaned by the first waitress! When we tell her that, she says that the table is ''Reserved'' and tells us to come back to our original table! And even with an attitude! Also, the whole time the noise was unbearable, this is so not what we're used to at this chain, which is usually superb.Never coming back to this one!
3	Les 3 Brasseurs is a chain spot that I wasn't familiar with until I was with 7 other hungry people on a Saturday night and we needed a place that would still have a kitchen open. Luckily, Les 3 Brasseurs was able to host us and offer a great range of menu items at a late hour. Since this is mostly a beer place - they make their own range of on tap brews - the wine list was sort of meh. No biggie - I wasn't planning on drinking many glasses, anyway. Food was fine; I had the *new* steak and goat cheese salad, and it was pretty satisfactory. The steak could have been warmer and the quantity of goat cheese overpowered most of the salad. Service was fine; they were quite busy, and still managed to get us our orders fairly efficiently. I don't know that I'd come back again, only because I know there are so many more options within the downtown core of Montreal!
5	The pork shank was soooooooo delicious! Juicy! Yummy! And it's a big plate which offers you two shanks. I think it's better to share with another one.And the tomato sauce mussel was also very good taste. And for drink, the strawberry + rum was the best choice for me!!!
1	I live nearby and I love Alsatian food and beer,  I thought to give it a try.  So took the wifie and went there for a late lunch. The food was good and their amber beer was excellent. But boy the service was terrible. It was crawling slow. we waited 15 min just fir our drinks to arrive. We had to ask for everything three or four times. The thing was that it was a late lunch on a weekday so the place wasnt even crowded. The kitchen staff are good and fast but the food just sits there until the wait staff get to it so by the time the food  gets to you its cold.  All these things said I tried to give the place a second chance, because as I said the food and beer was excellent. Take two was even worse since it was a Saturday but again the place wasnt even that crowded and there was no reason for crappy service other than untrained wait staff. So alas that is it for me for me as far as this location goes.I will try their other location couple of blocks down the road see how that one is.  But people do yourself a favor and avoid this place!
3	Their beer is pretty good, as usual. I am really eager to try their seasonal beers, they seemed really tasty and full of different flavours.Food is not their expertise, and the dishes are just really average bar foods. Their nachos and chicken wings are pretty good, and that's about it. Don't order the guacamole, they are not made upon request (at least the one I got), and have a brownish look since it's oxidized.The service is really average, and sometimes the waitress is pretty rude.Also, during happy hours this place is completely full and very noisy.
3	Reminds me or a blend of TGI Friday's and BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse.The beer is decent, can't say they have as much character as other microbrews, but it went well with the appetizer platter and wings.
4	Great flatbread menu to go along with awesome brews.  La blanche=A+ outdoor seating during spring/summer...  if you like industrial ambience, give this place a go.
3	Ok drinks, decent food, but nothing spectacular....don't get the salmon tartare (very bland and dry). Service is meager.
3	Had the 3 brasseurs burger  (shredded lettuce, red onion, bacon and cheese) with poutine as the side. I'm not much of a beer drinker and had a long island ice tea which was good.  The atmosphere is noisy which was fine by me I was not here for that anyway. All in all I was happy with the meal.
1	this was a better place  years ago... Not sure what happened but the rice was dry, vegetable were once frozen because they were soggy, flavourless and chicken skewers felt pre-fab. Honestly, i wish I had a time machine so I could have a Whopper back when a Burger King was here. Service was OK, could use some tweaks.
3	The amber beer was one of the best I've tasted in quite a while. The atmosphere is typical of a franchised pub. Prices are what you'd expect of a pub on Sainte-Catherine. Nothing more, nothing less. The staff is quite friendly and the security guard was extremely friendly. He even put up with our "drunk show off brawl" upstairs since the 2nd floor was empty (don't ask, crazy things happen when me and some of my friends go drink).Service was pretty fast, bartenders are always on the go and busy so it is not their fault if they don't try to strike a conversation. The food could be more consistent than the small portions served. All in all, nothing special about it. There are better bars/pubs to go to down Crescent street. Their home brewed amber beer is still worth a shot though!
1	We ordered the pork shank and there was literally no meat on it- it was all fat.  We sent it back and the second plate was the same.  Our waitress was rude and disinterested  in making our experience positive.  We had to ask for her when the second plate was returned.  We asked for the meal to be taken off from our bill as it was inedible and she only deducted $10 of the $20 cost.  After asking for her yet again, our bill was adjusted with much attitude!  Horrible service and worse food!
3	Amazing list of flammeukuke. Fresh beer. Great service and booths. Food undistinguished.
4	I ate here twice last summer and liked it quite a bit. So, I went back last night and had the mussels provencale, an amber, and a stout. The mussels and the stout were excellent. The amber, very good. The food came with a side of fries, which were okay. The bar tender, Amy, was excellent.
3	The beer was okay. Hoppiest offering was a IBU of 60. Service was poor, but they were crowded. Food was adequate.  Best thing about it was the ambience. Nice brass  brew kettles.
5	A very good brewery with great food, a good atmosphere and very good service.  Highly recommended!
3	Beer is good but food depends on the branch. I think st Catherine ones are better than the old port branch at all.
5	We had a family experience here. Every thing memorable and nice. Good beer we ordered couple of times indeed. The steak was delicious and more than enough for one person. Waitresses are very friendly and helpful in serving and providing information. Prices reasonable and second floor dining is more private and less noisy.
2	Pros- My beer was deliciousCons- Portions were way smaller than they used to be- The chicken breast in my sandwich was pretty flavourless and could be mistaken for a Wendy's one.- My date's salmon was equally flavorlessOverallHaving been let down twice by their food, I will never come to L3B again for anything more than drinks. Even drink-accompanying nosh is best ordered elsewhere
