4	The Michael Godard Gallery in the Miracle Mile Shops is a source of astounding artwork.The theme is of his art definitely Vegas oriented. Animated olives are found around Martini glasses. Flaming cards and dice abound in his paintings and the newest addition to the gallery are sculpted authentic body molds.My favorite pieces are the "Burning Blackjack" and "Praying for a seven," featuring the flaming casino cards and dice. There are other artists represented in the gallery, but the work of Micheal Godard is unique enough to draw your interest. The painted motorcyle will draw in a few of the curious, but the cartoonish, modernistic view of Vegas will have you come back again and again to see what is new. His work has an almost Dali like feel to it, even being cartoonish,  it is most enjoyable.... and you can envision one of these pieces in your bar at home.  The new addition of the body molds that hang on your wall is amazing and you have to view them yourself to make a determination as to your like or dislike. All I can say is they are as unique as his paintings and would make an interesting conversation piece.Definitely worth a few minutes of your timeJust enjoy........
5	Oh My Godard Galleries is in Planet Hollywood. My reviews is for Redwindart. The artist Red has his art display at Oh my Godard Gallery only on given dates. Check out his website on redwindart.com. I was at the show on July 4th and I regret not writing this sooner because I could of announced the next show which just past Nov. 27. Sorry. His is Amazing, I met the artist and he walked me through and showed me all the pieces of art displayed on the wall, he had a story for every piece with deep meanings. Most of his art is about Buddha and dragons. And if you purchased it, he'll sign the back and write a story behind that particular art piece. I wish to one day own one of his collection.
5	Love this store... Such COOL Art and Michael Godard himself is such a nice friendly guy!!! I would give him 10 stars if I could. Buy his art and enjoy it for years... Absolutely everyone comments on his art and loves his attention to detail... We have a couple of Godard's pieces at our office and they always get compliments!!!
5	Amazing Art!! So glad I got to experience seeing Michael Godard's Art!! He is such a inspiration in my art that I do :)
