4	Paradise Bakery is a really good sandwich/bakery chain. It's comparable to Panera (side note: Panera needs to open up in the Valley; you Phoenicians are missing out on another really good sandwich chain). The only major drawback is the lack of details given to you about the order process. This was the first time I ever went to a Paradise Bakery, so I was slightly confused by the process to put together your meal. You order a sandwich first, then go down the line to order a salad or soup if you so desire, then order extras at the end. It sounds simple, but in person it wasn't that intuitive. I kept getting blank stares from the people behind the counter when I was going down the line and not doing anything. There is plenty of seating inside and a few tables outside, although when your outside your sitting in a parking lot along Glendale, so it's not worth it. I had the Ham & Brie sandwich with a side of the Paradise Pasta salad. Take note, you are given a cookie with your sandwich, so you don't need to order a cookie at the end like I did, only to be surprised by the cookie with the sandwich. The sandwich was really good. It was ham with melted brie cheese, honey mustard, and slices of green apples. It was really good. The flavors all worked really well together to create a great sandwich. The pasta salad also tasted great. The cookies are what Paradise is known for and they didn't disappoint. The oatmeal raisin is excellent, as is the white chocolate macadamia nut. Overall, if you're looking for a good place for sandwiches and sweets, head to Paradise, even though it's a large chain. They're all over the Valley.
4	Oh good another Paradise Location for meeting up with friends after work. Clean neat and well manned , the worker bees seemed in real force, cleaning refilling and picking up plates. Nice to see. Food wasn't quite paradise but it was tasty and filling . I usually have the panini with chicken and artichoke but today went for a Chicken wrap.Tasted like a chicken wrap.  The peach decaf teas was refreshing and the mango tea was too. I love the casualness of the setting and the ease with which you can order at your leisure . If you are meeting people with different time constraints , this can be very helpful.
3	I'm a fan of Paradise Bakery and was thrilled to see one open up in a convienent location to my house. Like Patrick said, this us very similar to Panera, but I prefer Pardaise. This location is very nicely sized and well maintained. My only gripe would be with the lack of more than one vegetarian option and the ordering comfusion in line, otherwise a satisfactory experience.
5	get the cookies !!
1	(Sigh) people of Arizona, why do you continue to annoy me with your shitty and illegal parking jobs? It was 1:30pm. I thought since it was after the "peak" lunch hour I would be safe. All I wanted to do was get a tuna sandwich TO GO and I ended up being nearly blocked into that tiny, narrow parking lot due to all you old fogies plowing into any space you can because you had a hankerin' for some chippers. While there I witnessed a car illegally parked in the handicapped parking space, one parked in the "to-go" parking spot (obviously NOT getting to-go) and some asshole next to me who made the most comically bad attempt at parking I have ever seen (I took pictures, see my profile). I waited in the long line, finally got my sandwich and decided to eat outside so I could see what the idiot looked like. Well the person was either as old as Arizona and still trying to chew their food or an employee. I I got tired of waiting and was finally able to leave. And they put tomatoes on my sandwich after I told them not to!So moral of the story is; avoid this location anytime around lunch. And if you see an 80's era Mercedes Benz station wagon you have my permission to piss in the gas tank.
1	I usually love Paradise Bakery but this location is the worst.  I agree with Ken B.  this is the worst location ever.  My complaint is specifically with they way the smaller counter is handled, the one that you would most likely visit in the morning for a muffin and coffee.  The staff doesn't listen to you when you order they are too busy paying attention to the "regulars" and just let them interrupt you while your ordering.  Today I ordered a coffee and a muffin, right in the middle a regular walked in and started to ask about the cookie boxes.  The person helping me actually stopped helping me and was going to start answering his questions, meanwhile, I was standing there waiting for my coffee cup and had to remind her!!!!  This location just plain sucks.
4	The cookies are pretty here. I like to come here and make pretend I was in the mood for something else so I can act surprised because the sandwiches are so yummy!
3	This was the oddest location for a Paradise Bakery I've seen. I would have missed it entirely if I had blinked. Usually it's attached to a mall or a larger shopping area, but this one is in a semi-run down strip mall. The parking lot was very narrow, and the mini-van felt huge trying to squeeze into a space. Inside is exactly the same of course, and I ordered a cafe mocha. The gal working was very nice and chatty, I always appreciate it when employees make an effort to have a conversation with you. It's more personal, and that is why I would want to go back.
1	Managers need to help the staff at lunch time. Horrible service.
4	Paradise Bakery, I have to admit... I have had some long held resentment against you, ever since the Panera debacle.  I'm still a little bitter that you blocked their entrance into the Phoenix market... but I digress.   Once my anger over the Panera situation started to fade, I decided that the crack-like addicting cookies at PB were still calling my name, so I returned begrudgingly.  Of course, like any good addict, one visit led to another... and led to another.  Now, I've got my kid hooked, too.  Yep - I'm mom of the year.Seriously though, this location has great service and Paradise Bakery has some darn tasty food (despite being a chain - *gasp*).  I particularly like the chicken salad sandwich, fire-roasted tomato soup, and southwest caesar salad with added corn/pepper mixture.  Do NOT skip the cookies.  In fact, you should probably get a few for later... snickerdoodles are my personal fave, but you can't go wrong with any of them.
3	I like Paradise Bakery, but this location has such horrible parking! Every time I think about going to this location, I think about the parking and instantly I decide to go somewhere else. The fact that people camp out in the dinning area is the reason why there is no parking for people who want to get it to go! Grandma go home!The quality of their food has decreased from when it first opened. The salads are no longer mixed in the large salad mixing bowls before they put it in your bowl. Sorry, but you can't mix the dressing into the salad as good in a tiny bowl. You need a salad mixing bowl for mixing. Also they stopped putting cherry tomatoes on the salads and instead use tomato wedges? Now with inferior ingredients and the same great price?!
2	I live across the street pretty much and love me some pb but hate the parking lot in that little strip and can't say I like this one the best the food at this one is just ok. Love the peach tea though could drink it all the time.
2	I have visited this place 3 times. The parking is horrible, but I try to come later in the evening when there is a few spaces. The place it pretty pricey for sandwiches and salads I think. I had a gift card so I didnt have spend any money out of pocket. It seems like every time I come here, the girl or whoever is on the register  always has a little attitude, it like the register girl is upset that I am using a gift card or something, I dont know. Maybe cause it the almost the end of the day or hell maybe she is on her period or something. The last time i visited this location which was last week, I ordered a some kind of turkey panini (of which I ordered the last two times I visited this place) with the person who makes the sandwiches, then I went down to where the soups where and order mac and cheese. The stupid girl that makes the sandwiches said I was suppose to order the mac and cheese with the person who makes the sandwiches and to remember that for next time. I almost went off on this bitch but no reason to do that, again I think these heifers are on their period all the time. Next time put the damn mac and cheese in the section where the damn sandwiches are located and not on the menu where fuckin soups are if you want me to order it with the sandwich maker or just make one ordering spot where I can tell my order to one person instead of having to go to 3 fuckin people to make my order. The people here suck, the food is cool.
3	I love all the outlets they have at this location. The food is always fast but finding parking is virtually impossible.
3	Should chicken salad be white? Isn't chicken and mayo more of a tan color?  But no, the salad was so white I thought I was being served a cottage cheese sandwich. The chicken salad lacked any texture, more like mashed potatoes, and hardly any walnuts. It was not a generous sandwich--the only other toppings I recall were lettuce and tomato served on non-artisan bread. I had remembered the Paradise Bakery at Metrocenter of years ago, okay many years ago, and was impressed with their food then. This sandwich was just okay and the Mediterranean salad was pretty good.The parking here is limited and driving through the congested area is a difficult. I would hesitate to visit during the busy hours--there would be no spaces!Some pluses:  The atmosphere with brick walls, tall ceilings and booths (I love booths).  I liked the bright chunky plates. Their menu is extensive. The acai berry iced tea was great.  Now if only Paradise was more like Wildflower Bakery, serving artisan bread and generous sandwiches I would be totally happy.
4	There are many Paradise Bakeries around the valley because we are very lucky people, but the staff at this location is super friendly.  They have a busy lunch hour, but they always handle the line quickly.  Be prepared for a ridiculous parking lot, why does it suck so much??Anyways, this location is clean and cozy.  This is a nice place to get a coffee and a muffin and get some work done with their free wi-fi.  The food is consistently good, no surprises.
2	The food is good - typical of any Paradise Bakery. Good breads, meats, salads and the cookies.  The facility is great, but parking is horrible.  The reason for the low score is the staff. It seemed like they were all moving under water. The sandwich guy may have been the slowest person I've ever seen. Lethargic would be a good description.
5	I love this place. I'm mostly here at dinner time to pick up my favorite roasted turkey artichoke panini and sometimes salad and soup as well! The staff is super friendly and recognize when my boyfriend and I show up, maybe because he can never leave without getting a dozen of their amazing cookies! The manager Kaylee is fabulous, she makes us feel right at home and is never unsatisfactory. They may have a smaller parking lot but I guess I have always had good luck with finding a spot! I know I will continue to come back for more.
1	I'm not sure what has happened to Paradise Bakery in recent months but it is disgusting. Last time I went a couple months ago I noticed the portion sizes had shrunk and the quality seemed a little off. I probably would have still given it 2 or 3 stars but I haven't gone back despite the fact I live around the corner since there is so much amazing food in CenPho. I went today since I was starving and thought I would grab some soup real quick. The Chicken Sonomo Stew I got was flavorless and had the consistency of snot.  The peas in the stew were an odd color more gray or brown than green. The potatoes were diced oddly small. There was also an item in my stew that I'm not even sure what it was. It was the color and texture of a carrot but the size and shape of a whole cherry tomato. The dry jack cheddar biscuits were oddly sweet and had odd textures throughout. To top it off they've changed their cups and my tea lid didn't want to fit and I almost left my cup on the counter. I couldn't finish any of my food it was so offputting and I paid $10 for this god forsaken meal. Not eating here ever again.
4	Paradise continues to surprise me with their healthy, smart sized offerings.  This time it was for breakfast and I had the Mediterranean but requested it on their whole wheat bread instead of the ciabatta (which they were happy to do).  Light roast coffee tasted a little off but when staff was notified they began attending to it right way.
5	Not sure why so much negative feedback on this place?   I've eaten here probably 50 times and never had a bad experience yet.  There are simply some haters out there.  I live this place!  I definitely give this place a 5-star rating.  These guys have always been super friendly to my girlfriend and I!
5	Coming from only knowing Panera in California I was super bummed till I found out about paradise! I love that it's the same way and the staff are fast and friendly.
2	Cookies - YES. Other food - Forget it. The meat and toppings are the same quality as Subway. Save your money and do not buy the overpriced poor quality sandwiches that can be purchased elsewhere for much less.
5	I love going to this Paradise Bakery location at 12th street and Glendale. The staff there is excellent and the food is wonderful. My favorite dish is the steak and blue cheese salad
4	Food is fantastic with absolutely the best service!  Sign up for rewards card and earn free meals.  Parking at this location is a drag, I try to avoid the rush hours.  my favorite is the FUJI apple chicken substitute creamy dressing for vinaigrette. YUM.
2	Just a quick sum up. Myself and a guest ordered 2 BLTs and 2 waters. The sandwiches were mediocre at best. Total tab $16. Ill stick to subway anyday
3	What genius came up with the new menu concept? You got the cafe sandwiches, Signature Cafe Sandwiches, Premium Signature, Signature Panini, blah blah etc. You're trying too hard. Keep it simple.The Mac & Cheese is out of this world. I'm obsessed.
5	Great service!Coffee was goodGreek salad, red velvet cupcake, and the chocolate chip coconut coockie were great ;)By the way they have special pink ribbon bagel! I like this place!
1	It's been a couple of years now since the Panera Bread Corp of St. Louis got Dan Patterson to sell out completely. However, I can assure you he and his family were the only ones to have benefited.Quality has gone so far down hill. You can just tell the ingredients are more processed and a manager confirmed many of their food preparations like dressings, toppings and sauces are made in a central kitchen in another state of highly processed quality with plenty of food additives.That Spinach power salad: I've been belching up that garlic flavor in that poor excuse for croutons for 6 hours now.You can tell this place is more about corporate up selling as well; you can't walk through the line without some poor under paid employee half heartfelt trying to push their over priced cookies and deserts on you.What a travesty, I remember when this was a great local chain that prided itself on its quality. No longer, it's lost to an enterprise only interested in the bottom line where corporate strategy includes lowering the cost and, ergo, the quality of food production. Another loss for Phoenix in the fast casual domain. This place is off of our lunch schedule during the work week and should be off yours as well. Support something local and who maintains quality standards.
2	I ordered a chicken walnut half sandwich, a side salad, and a green booster smoothie. Ann, a Paradise Bakery employee who checked me out had the worst attitude ever. I was pretty excited about my meal but after she rang me up, I never wanted to come back to that location to receive service from anyone there. The sandwich was good, but the salad could've been better. Also, the photo on the menu screen of the green booster smoothie looked huge, but once they brought it out to me it was in a half cup for the price of about $5. Seriously? Not coming back.
2	As a loyal Paradise customer it baffles me how poorly the bakery is run at this location.  Literally 8 out of 10 times I am there to pick up lunch there are not chippers- or if there are only a few choices.  People on line do a great job as do cashiers - good is consistent .
2	Wow, this place needs to get it together. This is not my first time here and I felt like it was time to share my frustration. I really like Paradise Bakery. Their food is consistently good and usually so is the staff. But, I'm always irritated when I leave this location. Tonight the panini machine was down, so no hot sandwiches which is understandable, things happen. Then I ordered soup and I asked about the dinner roll that comes with the it because my husband was really wanting one and Shayla told me they were out. While paying I asked the guy ringing me up if he could substitute another bread, they are a bakery after all. He offered a croissant. Perfect! Then, this same Shayla started arguing with him in front of me telling him he couldn't do that and to give me a slice of bread. Super unprofessional and rude. Way to win repeat customers. As I was walking out, I checked my bag and realized they didn't give me the yogurt or the cookie that comes with the kids meal I ordered. I went back to ask for it and another employee snickered to the check out guy like I didn't order a kids meal and said something like "just give it to her." I don't know what the deal is here, but everyone is in a bad mood. Too bad since they're right down the street from our home. We'll probably try and avoid coming here in the future.
1	Been coming here regularly for a year . This is the worst managed paradise in the valley. Never enough staff or cashiers so the wait is worse than the salad line. Hard to believe I know.The bathrooms are really never well cleaned either.
1	Worst Paradise Bakery in valley...extremely rude staff with very poor customer service skills. I have tried to give them a couple chances, but always leave upset.
2	Parking was a nightmare and I quickly made the decision that walking from the residential block behind the strip of commercial property would be easier than waiting for a spot to open up. I ordered the Cranberry Turkey sandwich and it was kind of sad and sparse looking. It was dripping (I think maybe from the tomato) and the bread was soggy when it arrived. I debated taking it back, but decided that I would just live with it because I was super hungry. On the upside, the cookie was good. I wouldn't order the sandwich again.
3	Close to home. Nice studying environment. Iced coffee in tap. Thai chicken is bomb!
4	I love the salads from Paradise.  They always taste fresh.   The sandwiches ( especially the chicken walnut salad) are yummy too.  The thing I like the best is the mango tea.  It is brewed and very good.  I do wish the service was a tad faster but they are always pleasant.
1	The food is good.  The service is terrible.  Not our first time giving them a second chance and they can not seem to get it together.  Then they are disrespectful and rude "What would you like me to do about it" was the quote I recently received from a manager after they neglected to put a few items from our to go order in the bag.  Really, you are supposed to make sure the whole order is in the bag, and then if not, provide some sort of compensation, not a lecture on how I need to check my own bag.  We will be visiting the Biltmore location from now on.
2	Looking for lunch this afternoon, I decided to try a place I drive by all the time, The Paradise Bakery and Cafe. As I walked in I saw a large dining area and menus hung on the wall behind different stations. I surveyed the menu and wandered up to the front awaiting direction from one of the many employees standing behind the counter.I was greeted with  "Soup or Salad?" Confused, I explained I would like to order a half sandwich with a cup of soup. The employee took my sandwich order and then handed me a receipt and directed me down the line for soup service. I carried the paper slip down to the soup section of the cafeteria like presentation line. There, another employee fulfilled my soup request and asked for the paper slip. Handing me my bowl of soup, drink cup and order placard, I was told the total and paid for my lunch. I ordered the Turkey Avocado BLT with a cup of Fire Roasted Tomato soup.Walking away from the counter I discerned that the employees were neither rude nor friendly, just void of emotion. As, I filled my drink from the self service station and looked around for a seat I noticed every patron was staring at me like I was unwelcome on their sacred ground. I took a seat at a booth and awaited my sandwich.Within a few minutes my sandwich was dropped on my table and my number placard taken without an exchange of words. Looking at my recently delivered plate, first thought was the presentation was insulting. It looked like someone tossed the ingredients on the plate and topped it with a piece of bread.After reassembling the sandwich, I took a bite. Considering it's a bakery, the sour dough was bland and tough, same could be said of the turkey and the bacon was either microwaved or prepackaged. Moving on to the soup, it had more flavor but didn't wow me by any means. As I finished my meal and looked around I was encompassed by 2 types of patrons, the elderly and suburban hipsters flaunting their Mac Books and tablets and glaring at me. The highlight for me was the not so terrible chocolate chip cookie that came with my my sandwich. Perhaps the other baked goods are tasty but I'll never know. I won't be back.
2	I have been to this location twice and the only consistent thing is rude staff who apparently are not trained in customer service skills. The potato soup was *ok*.
1	I don't like giving bad reviews but this place earned it. I wish I took heed to warning from all the other reviews. This place doesn't care about there clients, they tampered with my food and I ended up with food poisoning accommodated with stomach muscle spasms immediately after eating there last night.
1	I gave been coming to this Paradise Bakery and Cafe on and off for 6 years since we moved to Phoenix.  We moved from Dallas where impeccable service is essential to survive in the restaurant business.  I came in to order a espresso drink and oatmeal.  No attempt to start making the coffee while there is no one else at the counter or a line.  I sit down to wait for the coffee and oatmeal. 10 minutes later the oatmeal comes and no coffee.  I have to ask someone to check on the coffee. 15 min later the coffee comes!  And the cafe mocha was horrible!This place used to be ok, but in the last 2 years the service is pitiful.  A similar incident happened several months ago and I swore I would stop coming, but I had to use the last of a gift card.  Never again.  All my friends have also stopped coming because of the slow and poor service.  Too bad, because PB&C in Dallas is awesome.  Gives the company a bad reputation.
3	Average location. Nothing really remarkable, good or bad.
2	Got a southwest salad and it didn't come with corn... ummm it's southwest it should have corn. Dude was like it cost extra for corn. Waaaaat. Learn your menu.
2	As Joanne R. said, I usually love Paradise Cafe and this location is convenient for me but this experience left a bad taste in my mouth. I just came from yoga so was pretty mellow about all the curve balls they sent me. They didn't have the bagel for the sandwich, was I okay with whole grain? I was.  I didn't want to drink out of a paper cup and wanted a nice mug, but they are out of them. What can you do? In a weak moment I ordered this carrot cake, thinking I would take half of it home with me but the breakfast sandwich order took so long, I had finished that dang cake and felt sickly full. Okay, I can't blame them for my lack of discipline; just the long wait. The busboy was around picking up busily, so I asked him to check on the order but then it shows up. There is a little hair in the sandwich, blond, not mine. I understand how that happens and know it won't kill me, so don't say anything. The sandwich is just okay. I probably couldn't eat it all because of eating all that carrot cake, so I ask the busboy to bring me a to-go container. He's sweet and friendly and I regret that I don't have change to leave on the table for him. I go refill my coffee and get change for the tip. I find out that they put hazelnut coffee in the light roast, so let the manager-looking lady know. I look for the busboy to give him the tip but don't see him. He's already cleaned the table, so don't want to leave it there. I was going to just leave it with the cashier but see the manager lady and give it to her and tell her the busboy was very helpful and she agrees. But under her breath, she says" I don't know why she just didn't leave it  on the table."  That sense of nastiness just left a bad taste in my mouth. Otherwise I might not have felt impelled to write this review. I probably will skip this location next time.
1	Don't eat here unless you're unbelievably desperate, completely devoid of tastebuds, or have a condition where you must eat at a food joint that is mostly employed by d-bags. Went here with a friend last night and not only were we ignored when ready to order, there was a tension so thick you could pour it over a stack of pancakes. The cashier and one more employee actually decided to help us while the immature little boys behind the counter were F'ing about. The owner/manager/whatever needs to reevaluate his or her hiring methods. Now for the food...I didn't eat my sandwich, honestly, for fear of them spitting in it. Yes, we took a long time to figure out what we wanted, but was the attitude we received necessary or justified? I ate the ham, from my ham and Swiss, after close inspection for any indication of saliva. It was super processed, so I finally ended up just eating 3 cookies (I REGRET NOTHIIIIING!!) to be safe. The chicken Alfredo my friend got was pretty good, but the chicken on top looked pink and as if it came from a can. In the immortal words of Dave Chappelle, "I wish I had more hands so I could give those t!tt!es four thumbs down!" Suck it, this location...suck it hard...
1	Came here for lunch and the staff were chatting and then rushed us and we were the only ones in line. The food was not that great and our cookies were hard and tossed in a bag.  The experience here was not great and I will not come here again.
