1	Warning! Management and office staff are extremely rude and disrespectful of all tenants. Way over priced rent because of location, which is really all they have going for themselves. Fights with greedy owner and restaurant tenants in the same building lead to sad and frequent failures of restaurants that rent the space. They will bend over backwards to get you to sign a lease but once you are in they treat you like shit. I am always hearing them literally yell at tenants and have screaming matches when I am in the office. It's pretty disturbing and disappointing. every person who leaves Butler has always felt like its good ridding  not any nostalgia. In addition, if you don't renew your lease in october expect about  30-50 people entering your apartment for showings for THE REST OF THE YEAR! It's ridiculous! I wish I was exaggerating but 30-50 is accurate. I have seen them enter apartments when the tenants are taking showers, sleeping in their bed, and they even move and touch the tenants personal property without the tenants knowing. I have personally witnessed this. I think if they hired new staff and treated their current tenants with more respect this would be the most desired place to live in Madison. It's a shame cause the office staff really ruin the experience.See other apartment rating websites to verify this review.
4	I've had great experience here. All my complaints (e.g. Broken sink disposal, loose nail) were addresses immediately, most in the same day. When I send them emails or leave voicemails, they get back to me right away. Everyone in the office has been very nice to me!Building is always clean; my favorite part is how well they landscape the street- it is one of the main reasons I choose to renew my lease. The rooftop deck is great too- my favorite place to study. They have always given me warnings far in advance about entering my apartment (e.g. for AC maintenance), and about fire drills etc. I have no experience with future tenants viewing my apartment, but as I recall from viewing the apartments myself they could not show me some apartments because they are legally bound to give tenants 24 hr warning prior to entry. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that their indoor bike racks are overcrowded, and the rent is a bit high. PS- you get a small discount on the gym in the building- which comes with unlimited yoga, you can just walk into any class!
1	This is the worst run management company I have come across in several years of renting.  Not only were they unable to manage the radiator problems I alerted the management about all fall/winter, but they refused to offer any type of credit for the inconvenience it caused.  I actually went out and purchased a thermometer to prove that my apartment was unbearable, I was correct at 90 degrees in every room.  All of my stuff was melting (think makeup/deodorant etc...)   The response? Open the window.  Sure thing, in the middle of winter when it is 0 degrees and I am a single female on the first floor. Great solution.In addition, it appeared to be a large inconvenience for Mick to submit the appropriate paperwork for me to sublet the apartment. I dealt with several rude and unprofessional emails constantly over the course of the time I lived here. Would not recommend this company to anyone.  Customer service was awful and I felt there was no alternate to work with.
3	I have rented from this management company for several years now.  After reading some of the reviews posted, I felt I should chime in.So. A star for the nice, modern building & amenities (dish washers, AC/Heat in unit control, modern windows, wi-fi and cable included, laundry on each floor, secure entryways, package acceptance & delivery into my unit, discount gym membership, beautiful summer landscaping, etc)Another star for the friendly staff and quick repairs.  Another star for the unbeatable location.  Two 0-stars for the increasingly high price tag,  the aggressive 6 months of re-rental showings, and lack of price freeze even for long-time renters.I have never, NEVER experienced any disrespect or rudeness from their staff. But then, I have never brought any to them, either. I pay my rent on time, respect their property, and cause no trouble. In fact, the ladies in the office are very nice, and greet me when they see me in the street or in the halls. They are responsive, sweet, and follow through on every contact I have ever made with them.As a great man once said, "Rent is too damn high." It is expensive.  Even for the area. Which I know, is right off the square, and you pay for that. After many years renting from them, the rent still goes up, as it has every year. (But it is not as if my carpet gets any newer or my paint gets fresher...)  It has become nearly prohibitively expensive for me to rent my 1-bedroom apartment, which I share with my gentleman and two kitties, which I also pay rent on. ($10 a month, per cat. Ouch. Those little bastards better start earning their keep, the little freeloaders.) We pay for the convenience of living close to the square, where we both work.  Thank goodness we don't own a car, because parking here is also pricey. Though they do have heated underground parking, and that can be huge in Wisconsin winters. But, don't you DARE try to unload a car full of furniture or a load of groceries in their basement parking lot if you don't rent a space, or they will call to have you towed. Seriously. After minutes. They are watching and they do not make exceptions, even for unloading a car for 10 minutes, in the dead of winter. So why have I not moved, you may ask?  There are a few reasons. First and foremost, I like it here. My unit isn't huge, but it is nice. They have several buildings, and while I cannot speak for the main building, mine is clean and quiet, mostly young professionals. The office folks are nice. Every time anything is wrong, they are on top of it immediately. The halls get vacuumed regularly, the grounds are well kept and maintained, security is not an issue, and of course, LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION.But.  Leases here are on the first of the month, and mine doesn't happen to be an August/August lease. Finding somewhere else to move to that doesn't start it's lease on the 15th of August is a huge, huge pain. Consistently the final decision to renew here has been based largely on my inability to find somewhere else that is both acceptable and can accommodate a lease beginning in June. And nice sublets don't tend to pop up until a month or two before my lease runs out. Meanwhile, while looking for a new place....If you do not re-sign your lease at the 6 month mark, be prepared for them to show your unit aggressively. I am talking damn near all day, damn near every day, until you or someone else signs the lease. I get notices like this a lot:  "We will be showing your apartment on Monday from 9am to 4pm. On Tuesday from 11 to 5.  On Wednesday from 9:30 to 2, and from 3 til 5.  On Thursday..." you get the idea.So for 6 months out of your year, you can expect to feel the need to stage your apartment every morning, and get up extra early to take your shower because otherwise you will be sharing your morning ablutions with the folks looking at your unit.
4	Living downtown is expensive, but the staff is friendly, work with you and keep the place orderlyGreat Views, great gym Capital FitnessPrices are going up everywhere but Butler Plaza is still less than many of the newer bldgs
5	I loved, loved, loved my apartment. I was in a house managed by Butler Plaza, not one of the high-rise buildings and, as a result, it was an older property without all the amenities but I chose what I could live without. Still, the apartment was clean and bright with great wood floors, extra storage space and - the best part - a balcony that was sunny in the morning for coffee and shady in the afternoon/evening for cocktails. The location is perfect - close to everything downtown has to offer. There is a pet fee but it's reasonable. I have a large dog and I'm now paying more that twice what I was paying in Madison. Micki and Debbie were always pleasant and polite to me any time I called with an issue and they resolved problems as quickly as they could. You have to commit quite early for the following year but welcome to Madison downtown/student living. It's a strange system but most places have similar policies. I lived in the same apartment for 5 years and I would still be living there if I hadn't transferred out of the area for work.  I really miss it!
