4	Haircuts are my worst fear. If I had a dollar for ever haircut that made me cry...I have been going to this salon for 3 years now and haven't cried once! My hair stylist is by far the best I have EVER had. Melissa is professional, she listens, and she takes her time!! I don't trust me hair to anyone but her and you can find her here. It's worth it!! She's worth it!! I find myself walking quickly threw the mall, not much left in it anymore, but the salon is clean and the staff professional.
4	I sad that another of my favorite hair-stylists has gone away :(My friend recommended me to come here because she loved her stylist & I wanted to put some highlights & color on my hair.& wow did i love it.  She listened to what I wanted and always knew what look great on me.  I would come back for re-touches and this time I told her I wanted it lighter plus wanted my hair a lighter brown.  She did an amazing job and I loved the way it looked.  I had many compliments about my hair.  In addition, she gave me a great price it was $90 for color & a haircut.  For those, who knows how long my hair is and how thick it is I knew she was giving me one hell of a great deal.  Before I would always get charged around $175-$250 for my hair.  When i did highlights, I think she charged me about $60-70? I forgot how much it was it has been a while since I highlighted my hair.Yet, she has left and I am still in search for a new hairstylist.
1	I typically go to smart style. However, my normal stylist was on maternity leave so I figured Id try something new. This was a HUGE mistake. The stylist decided to cut an inch off my hair when I told her half an inch. I even corrected her as she was cutting it. She cut my bangs about an inch above my eyebrows. Its such a mess! She pryed my personal life going beyond small talk, even questioning why I wouldnt give her information regarding my job. If this wasnt bad enough IN THE MIDDLE of cutting my hair she paused to answer a text on her phone.She ran my debit card after giving me the reciept to sign i asked for my card back (which I had obviously put a big fat zero in the tip area),she didnt give me back my card expecting a tip . I called the manager after leaving unhappy and was told that they dont discipline their stylists and he refused to give me the district managers number. I resorted to calling corporate. AVOID THIS PLACE! You can get a over priced haircut elsewhere.
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars I would! They got rid of the two best stylists there (or they quit, I can't seem to get a straight answer out of anyone when I call). There's hardly anyone working there now and I'm wondering whether the place is just going to implode or become a Supercuts next. Go somewhere else if you remotely give a shit about what your hair looks like!!! Also the guy with a name that starts with an M is rude as hell and shouldn't be in any kind of a customer service job.
1	If there was an option to review without any stars this would be a great case. I was very upset and chose to not tell her how I felt. I went in for a brow wax and came out with thin uneven eyebrows. I was very specific that I just wanted a clean up and did not want the actual eye brow messed with. When I looked at them I noticed half my eyebrow was missing. The woman tried to tell me that I was not looking at them correctly. How can you employ or authorize someone to do a service they cannot perform? I will never ever walk into Regis again.  Biggest mistake ever.**side note: i was washing my face and my left eyelid burned, i looked in the mirror and saw that either i have a burn or my skin was lifted. Seriously? Shitty eyebrows and now skin missing??
1	About 6 months ago I really needed my hair done and I was looking for a new place. I went here and the stylist was doing my hair and started on another client at the same time and she left both of just sitting in our chairs for a very long time while working on the other one. I felt like the other client was staring down the stylist while she was cutting my hair making her uncomfortable because she cut a huge chunk out of the side of my hair and the color underneath was supposed to be darker but she must have used the wrong developer or something because my it didn't even change from my natural color! My hair turned out so bad they offered me a discount and I didn't even complain about my missing chunk of hair. It was 6 months ago and my new stylist still comments on what a bad job she did.
1	The most pathetic excuse for a salon. Not only was my blow dry something out of the 80s. They charged my card twice! Not even an apology just another number I had to call that isn't open on weekends. Steve is not a hairdresser, surely he can't be. The worst place I have ever been in my life! 0 stars
4	Sadly, what you get when you go to a chain salon in a mall is unpredictable, unless you know your stylist. For years I have been going to either independent salons or (in search of a regular stylist who would be new enough to the field to not charge an arm and a leg with every visit) the Aveda Institute (speaking of unpredictable, but at least there you know a supervisor can swoop in and fix anything that goes horribly wrong). The latter is where I met Michael, my hair's new BFF. I was immediately impressed with his demeanor and the care he took in helping me with my color. I asked Michael for his contact info before I left that day and kept in touch with him through the months to see when he'd graduated and passed his licensing exams, anxiously waiting to see where he'd land. Would I have chosen a chain salon in a mall? Not if I wasn't following someone I'd come to trust, who is not only easy to talk to (very important when you're stuck with that person for 1.5-2 hours at a time) but also cares a great deal about the client's happiness. In short, Michael and I may still be learning how to communicate about what I am wanting for my hair, but the way I look at it, it's way easier to train someone to style your hair the way you want it than to teach them to have a better personality. I'll gladly keep working with him to get to the point where all I have to say is "you know what I want".
