4	So I go to eat at a recommended place and they are closed for lunch and only open for dinner....one of the owners friends tells me about Bobby D's. Bobby D's is a HOLE-IN-THE-WALL bar on Peoria and Cave Creek. It is near a Circle K and is very plain on the outside. Once your eyes adjust to the darkness, you see a GREAT bar. It is a total local's place. There were 10 people @ the bar either eating, drinking, or talking. There is about 15 booths and about 10 TV's. They have a video bowling machine and a dart machine. The place is very very clean.I asked what was better the burger or the fish. Barb, who might as well be your Aunt Barb, was really cool and sat down with me to take the order. She said the burgers are good but are premade. She never had the fish but just served two sandwhiches today. I ordered the fish, it was a single peice of white fish, about 7 inches long. It came with cole slaw and tater wedges. The fish was good, although not enough meat. The frys were really good. and the cole slaw was ok. The bill was $7.25 and I was satisfied. They serve Coke products and no Mt Dew. 1/2 point deduction...haha
5	Bobby D's. Oh my what can I say about you? Except that I LOVE YOU! Cheap drinks, jukebox filled with awesomeness, darts, video games, lots of tv's to watch the games on, amazing food (try the salad with grilled chicken you won't regret it), amazing staff (Barb is the best), the regualrs are super friendly, its a mix of young and old, and atmosphere is super relax.Oh Bobby D's you're a little hole in the wall but you're one of my favorites and I wouldn't change a thing about you.
4	The two bar tenders I have meet are amazing. Fair price on food and drinks. Fun local place. wish they would bring back poker!!
4	One year, by matter of coincidence, I was in Bobby D's for a drink after work on St. Patrick's day and I couldn't help but notice the steady stream of neighborhood folk coming in for take out corned beef and cabbage. This year, I enlisted a coworker to accompany me and bear witness to the fact that it was NOT a liquid lunch so I could see what the fuss was about! (It is a workday, after all!) For $7.95 you get a platter full of well-seasoned, fork-tender corned beef, at least a quarter of a boiled cabbage, cooked carrots and potatoes. A small plate featuring creamy horseradish, horseradish and spicy mustard was delivered with our meal. Corned beef sliders were another option ($5.95), although we took the traditional route. While the flavor on the corned beef was excellent (we detected a hint of cinnamon), the veggies lacked seasoning. Other fun facts about what you can find at Bobby D's: ~ Lots of neighborhood peeps sportin' their green on St. Patty's ~ TVs -- I got to watch a little of the NCAA tournament during lunch! ~ $1 vodka soaked gummy bears (an interesting novelty in which I did not indulge)
5	Great place to go for NO nonsense drink prices and good quality bar food...and the steaks aren't bad either!Lots of HD TVs for all of your sporting needs too!
4	Bobby D's is a really great local spot. The prices are so reasonable. During happy hour from 3 to 6 you can eat for under 5 bucks. Drinks are super cheap too. Awesome jukebox. Get the wings hot and grilled and you will be in love. The sliders are another favorite.
1	Horrible service, their staff has zero customer service and are extremely slow. Don't bother going here to watch football either because you will be inconvenienced. I've been here many times and every single time I've had something to complain about. If you have no standards, this place is for you.
4	This place has great wings. Order the grilled hot wings. They are a little on the salty side, so they go awesome with beer. Excellent soups. Rib eys is priced low, so I thought it would suck, but it was actually good, and killer for the price. The staff is really nice. If it gets busy, they can get a little backed up. Clientele is older, thus friendlier. Good drink prices. Vodka gummy bears - strange, but yummy. Only weird thing: the bathroom (men's) is 150 degrees. Combined with no door on stall, I guess they just don't want people lingering in there? Although they do post the sports page, which creates kind of a mixed signal. And they must not see a lot of children in there too often. children are like celebrities in there. In summary, a very friendly neighborhood bar with above average bar food.
4	This is always consistently good.  The only thing I was ever disappointed with was the fried chicken I had a while ago.  The 'burger and the skinny fries are excellent.  My wife and I usually go for their grilled wings and house salad.  I think they currently have the best wings.  You won't find larger wings or better tasting.  Their salmon was only okay.  For the price and the quality of the food this place is hard to beat.  They just need to go hi-def with their satellite service.
5	Perfect neighborhood bar. Great prices, and friendly bartenders. Love this place! I've only lived in this neighborhood for about 3 years, and we always feel welcome.
4	A rare lunch at a bar during the day. I could not drink due to work, but plenty of other regulars were enjoying a beverage about 2pm ish midweek. This is a dive bar of course and its dark and gloomy inside, but all the necessary bar ingredients are present. The friendly older female bartender and the owner who was cooking and their merry band of daytime regulars. The menu is not rocket science and I ended up going with the slider special, which included three sliders with cheese and onions and a hot portion of steak fries or whatever usual side you want. It was only $5.95 and well worth it for the money. The DBacks are probably always going to be on the tube and it's more of a neighborhood bar obviously than a destination bar, but it worked out well on my pass through town.
5	Please do not go here. Sometimes I can't get a seat and I don't want you taking mine!
