4	If you enjoyed jumping on trampolines as a child, this is your place to go as an adult!  And I don't mean just one trampoline here, there are over twenty trampolines - all connected together! So you literally get to jump from one trampoline to another.  And they also have trampolines on the side walls too!  This is your chance to try all those aerial stunts you wanted to try as a kid.  You can jump onto the wall, do a flip and just keep on jumping!  They even offer 3-D Dodgeball and hoops for you to try to fly through.I found myself here on a Sunday night after my friend suggested this idea months before.  Sure, I've done my share of trampoline jumping in someone's backyard.  But this setup, you just can't find in someone's yard.  So, there I was practicing my front and back somersaults.  And sure, I ate it a few times...everyone needs a few good face plants every now and then.  But the idea of just jumping your ass off and getting your heart rate up reminds me of jumping on my bed until it felt like my heart was going to explode.  For Open Court Jumping, you can pay by the hour on the hour or half for $8.50/hr.  (At our age, we figure an hour was plenty and it was!  It's gets super tiring jumping!)  On the hour and the half, they blow their whistle reminding those who have finished their session that they time is up.  This is when they make everyone take a mini break on the sides until everyone who is supposed to be off is gone.  And then you can resume to your jumping pleasures!   Yeah, sure...I did ask my friend if we were the oldest ones there and we were.  But so what?!  We had a fabulous time nonetheless and agreed that it would have made a fantastic date spot!  See if you can drag a bunch of your friends along with you.  I'm sure it'll make it that much more fun! Side note: With no lockers, I suggest you leave mostly everything in your car or at home (hotel).  You can leave your keys/wallet at the front, but it gets jumbled up with everyone else's keys/wallets.  Bring water, Gatorade, etc. because you will need it!  And most likely you'll feel the need to shower right afterwards.  This is a serious workout!  Let me know if you try it out!
4	what...only the second review???  everybody this place is hella fun.  yeah, im a bit old to be playing in a warehouse full of huge square trampolines pieced together, but damn it is so much fun.  it takes me back to the time when i was a kid learning how to do flips and somersaults on what seemed to be a big trampoline b/c i was so small.  now that im a bit taller, i feel safe doing the same thing again in the land of trampolines.  if you were wondering they padded the areas all around too.   i came here for the first time taking my then friend, now my lovely dining companion/gf for a fun adventure way outside the strip for the opportunity to jump and flip like crazy fools on the mecca of trampolines..  it costs $8.50/hr.  so cheap, and well worth it.  and an hour is good enough time for me b/c i was panting and sweating like a hog.  i guess thats what i get for trying to do front/side/and back flips.  theres even hoops to jump through and even an area sectioned out for 3d dodgeball.  yeah, we were the oldest ones there, but who cares.  i suggest go on school nights at the latest times, so there are less kids to run...err...i mean jump into.
1	I guess compared to the DMV I'd call this place fun, but I wouldn't describe it as enjoyable experience for me. I saw it on TV and it looked intriguing enough to give it a try. I lasted about 5 minutes and I was bored (and in a bit of pain). Perhaps I'm too germ-phobic, but landing face first in the co-mingled sweat of hundreds of people was a bit much for me as well.. Next stop was CVS for a full body scrub down with hand sanitizer.
4	I've been there once, I had a great time for 2 hours.  I do think that they are a little expensive and I think that there should be a good place to eat nearby too.  I want to go back again, but never have the time to.  The place is fun though and I loved jumping off the sides.
4	Where a kid can be a kid...and adults too.  $5 for a 30 minute session is more than enough for first timers.  It takes a lot of energy & effort to really take advantage of this place so make sure you warm-up/stretch too.  Once you build your skill and stamina, then you can go for longer sessions.  They even have a 3-D dodgeball section.  Enjoy!
4	I've never gotten a better workout...ever.  Think astrojump, but with no ceilings, weight requirements, or walls!  Seriously, this is a warehouse that's been transformed into one big trampoline (including half way up the walls).  After just 25 minutes, I was so sweaty and out of breath.  At first I thought this made me lame, but even the little kids were feelin it, so I didn't feel quite as out of shape.  Thanks kids!Highly recommended to anyone in the Vegas area.  Great work out!
4	Lockdown baby. 10 to 12am and you get pizza and a drink at the end of the night. I jumped and jumped for an hour a half and could barely walk the next day. It was soooo fun though! Most of the people at Lockdown were under 22 so my group of friends were definitely in the older crowd. I loved watching the kids in their teens do some crazy ass tricks and some of them even had a little entourage of girls oooohing and aaaahing. During Lockdown they play top 40 music and about an hour in the place starts smelling like a high school gym. I've recommended this place to friends of mine visiting Las Vegas for something fun and different.
2	I agree that an hour is enough. My quads are a little achey the morning after. My friend suggested wearing pants because you might get this rug burn kinda thing. You can wear just socks or soft-soled shoes (Puma, reprsent!). They have a water fountain with tepid, unfiltered water. Bring your own. The jumping part was fun. I was working on my front tucks and back layouts. I kind of landed the tucks, but once I tagged myself in the mouth with my KNEE, it was all over. I never quite got the back layouts. I kind of spun out in the middle of each. I think I looked like a cat, falling out of the sky, desperately trying to land on its feet. I make embarrassing caterwaul sounds, too. I love dodgeball and they have a small section that they rope off to play dodgeball in. I didn't know what proper etiquette is when dropping into someone else's game, so we waited for the other kids' game to be over then came over and asked, "Can we play?" The kids obliged. Dodgeball was fun. They have all these underinflated volleyballs to throw around. If you get tagged, you're out. There is no jail. You just have to wait on the side til the game is over. At first I didn't want to play with strangers because if I get tagged in the head, I' want it to be from a friend. But I couldn't resist after watching for a sec. And in the end I didn't get head-hunted. I guess prices have come up recently because we paid $9 for an hour. You can purchase hour-long blocks of jump time. Your session can start on the hour or on the half hour. * off the strip, non-casino
3	It wasn't what I expected going in but I had fun.  An hour is more than enough...especially for someone that NEVER works out!  WHEW!
4	Here's my bratty side coming out.. but this place was in the ghetto and was honestly a dump! Basically a big warehouse in a not so great part of town. It reminded me of the skating rink in my hometown growing up that smelled funny and was 30 years old but as a kid you still liked it. Enough about the bad... I came here for a skyrobics class and loved it! First class is free, $6/class after that or $40 for a 10 class punch card. I've only been to one class, but apparently they vary the classes from day to day so you're not bored if you go to these frequently. We jumped (duh, it's a trampoline place!), had relays, did lunges, pushups, crunches, resistance bands, etc, etc. It was a great workout and was completely fun. I'm sore 2 days later, but that's probably just cause the 50 pushups I did kicked my butt cause I'm so out of shape! It's not *clean* and *sanitary*, but if you can get over that it's a total blast. I'll definitely be back.
5	So much fun!! I loved trampoline as a kid (who doesn't?!), but being able to jump on them as an adult without worrying about going off the side of one is just awesome!!! Of course, most of the crowd was quite young (and the employees too), but once you get over that you're fine. I think my friends and I were the oldest ones jumping. Usually if you "claim" one of the trampolines (by staying only there and doing crazy stuff) most kids stay out of your way. Trying to play 3D dodgeball was interesting, but I guess I'm too uncoordinated to catch a ball that jumps up when I land next to it... :)It's definitely a workout and relatively cheap fun: $5 half hour, $9 full hour. I would work there just for the benefit of jumping all day, if it weren't for the fact that the employees aren't allowed to jump until after hours. Like one employee said, you definitely don't work there for the benefits. Back to the real subject; it's true, the place in not in the best location and it is in a warehouse. But honestly, a warehouse is probably the smartest way to go if you look at it from a business point of view. What other type of building would you put a million trampolines in and not much else?Also, the water was only $1 per bottle, for ones I've seen go for $1.50+ elsewhere. So, I appreciate the place not trying to rip everyone off. I can't wait to try out one of there Skyrobics courses. I'll be back for more!!
4	It Was a fun time the kids liked it and it burned up alot of their energy. I personaly was done after about 15 minutes my legs started to hurt. Very positive expierience and fair priced.
4	how do you (aka i) know when you're (aka i'm) out of shape? when little kids are jumping and running around for over an hour and after 10 minutes at sky zone, i'm exhausted! an awesome concept - a huge room that's covered in trampolines! they also have dodge ball going on on one side, a special jumping area for kids, and other random toys like rings that you can jump through. prices slightly increased: 7 for 1/2 hr, 11 for full hr with specials posted on their website (ex - workout AM classes, sky jam = 2 hours of jumping and free pizza for $15).my advice: drink water, don't go after eating, and, most importantly, try it out! a great non-traditional activity in vegas... burn off those buffet calories!
4	My adult friends always love Skyzone.  It's a little pricey unless you go for the lockdown.  Basically they kick out all of the kids under 16 and give you yummy pizza and a soda/water at the end.  All for $15. It's kinda stupid that you have to rent ugly, uncomfortable shoes now but hey.. that's business I guess. Skyzone is a lot of fun for the whole family and the Skyrobics will kick your butt into shape!
4	I come to this place a handful of times! For what its worth I think its reasonable for the price, $10 to go jumping for 1 hr for first timers and $9 if you come more than 1x. They also do that special for 10 hrs you could buy for $60 I believe so its worth it if you go all the time.They got a friendly staff. They provide you with ankle shoes so you dont go spraining your ankle but that still has a slight chance you will also. They got a snack bar and lockers to put your belongings in. The only thing that does suck is you cant use your own shoes any more. Overall its a great place to bring your friends, family and kids for a get together!
4	THis trampoline place is so much fun!! I tried to drag my husband into coming with me, but all he did was sit and watch. he refused to jump. OK, so I jumped and made cartwheels, and had a great time. the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars wa sbecause I made a flip and hurt my neck. so be warned: if you cant land a good flip, don't try it alone. go to sa gym, learn to do t in a controlled enviorment, and then you can try it alone. :)
4	Whew!  What a work out!This place is really fun!! Jumping on trampolines makes you sweat you booty off; especially with good music playing!!  It's so much fun it doesn't feel like a work out.The outside of the building looks like a big industrial warehouse-type setting.  You can't tell what's inside by the look of the outside, so don't be fooled!When you walk in, you are greeted by the really cheery and friendly staff.  If you've never been there before, they explain to you how the whole thing works and they tell you what you need in order to get your jump on.There are 3 sections (from what I observed).  The first section is for toddlers, the second one is for adults and they have another part sectioned off for trampoline dodge ball and other activities that this place hosts.  By looking at the pamphlets and pictures on the wall, I saw that they have a kick boxing or work out class that they do as well!I was hesitant to try it out, we gave it a shot and I had a blast!!  If they had one by where I live, I would definitely sign up or visit the facility all the time!I will definitely come back to this place when I am in town!
4	I'm sure you've experienced this one too many times in Las Vegas.  So you've eaten a lot at one of the many buffets in Las Vegas and felt really lethargic and you feel like breaking a sweat.  Instead of walking around under the hot desert sun and avoiding those guys who tries to hand you one of those hooker flyers, I decided to Yelp a recreational gym or venue where you can have a fun workout.  As always, the iPhone Yelp application rescued me.  I read a few of the reviews for Sky Zone and decided to check it out.  The building looks like a warehouse.  It's situated between a furniture store and a skater shop.  I decided to take a quick peek to see what this place is all about.  I walked up to the counter and asked about their open jump session and how it all works.  The friendly worker informed me that it's $9 per hour or $5 for half an hour.  Also you have to rent their trampoline shoes (I didn't even know that there are trampoline shoes) for $2.  Since they didn't have my size (I wear size 15 or 14 with a 4E width) they said that I can just go in and jump without wearing my regular shoes.  My big feet saved me $2!  Woo hoo!  So we decided to try it out for an hour.  They'll have you sign a waiver for liability purposes and place a big sticker on your shirt so you know your start and end time.  They also have lockers to store your personal belongings.  There's a toddler section on one side, an open jump area (this area is also used for their fitness classes), and a section for dodge ball!  The people in there were going all crazy with their dodge ball games.  I'll have to try that next time.  I must say, after jumping and flipping for 30 min. to some good music, I was already exhausted.  But it felt really good to break a sweat!  This is a fun place to jump around and if you have toddlers or kids and you want to have them jump all over the place in a safe environment, this is a good place as well.  It's padded all around and there are staff members to help you.Thank you Yelp for helping me find this awesome place.  I'll be back to play some dodge ball.  Go Average Joe's!
4	this place is really really fun! dont underestimate the extremity of the work out you'll receive. this place gets you TIRED! it's very safe and just 10 minutes in you'll realize how difficult it is to hurt yourself jumping on the trampolines. i REALLY like this place but they HAVE TO regulate the little kids running around. There were a few times where I'd be jumping pretty high only to see a little kid try run under me. maybe eventually i'll rate it a 5 star
4	As a self described lazy person, I decided to change things up from my typical Las Vegas debauchery and food come eating habbits to do something active in the desert for once. We found Sky Zone after reading some reviews so my buddy and I (who are huge coupon whores) added Sky Zone as a friend on facebook and scored on their $3 off admission and headed over to check it out.Cool moon shoes + an injury waiver= AWESOME TIMES The whole place is a giant trampoline broken into squares so you and your friends can have your own little area. There is dodge ball on the far side but you dont have to get involved if you dont want to. Just jump around, race your friends, or try and bust out some flips. Its SO exhausting. We lasted for maybe 5 minutes before we had to sit down and an hour is a LONG TIME. We would probly do the half hour next time just because we're so out of shape. Seriously awesome stuff, as a big kid, I have to say its pretty fun to just let it all bounce out and fly around. Everyone is like a kid in here!
5	One of the best places I have ever been in Vegas.  It's a warehouse with wall to wall trampolines.  Relive the joy of being a child experiencing the wonder of movement and (almost) flight.  The place even has trampolines installed vertically on the walls so you can literally bounce off the walls.  Sky Zone is great  fun for individuals, couples or families.  Bouncing, flipping and falling over have never been so much fun.  $7 for a half hour; $11 for an hour.  They also have dodge ball games some nights--dodge ball on trampolines.
5	i've been using yelp for about a year, and this was place was so much fun i had to finally sign up!like i said, this place was too much fun!!!  we went for their monthly Friday night Dodgeball Tournament.  the "we" are a fun group of weekly dodgeball players on the local meetup site.  you sign your life away on the waiver and each person pays $10.  you can start practicing at 6pm and the tourney starts at 7pm.i never really spent much time on a trampoline, so i was a little worried how my old knees would take it;  i had no problems at all. it's very weird at first getting used to moving around on the tramps, and will probably take a couple more trips to get it down.  the moves some of the more experienced people pulled off were incredible!  i warmed up with a few rounds of practice games.  i was sweating like crazy.  they could maybe use some more air conditioning, but it's not bad enough to warrant taking a star away.time for the tourney! teams of 6 people.  We brought 2 teams, and there were 2 other teams.  the format is double elimination with each match being best 2 outa 3.  they use volleyballs that have some of the air taken out of them.  the other 2 teams were mostly teenagers who had done this many times before.  experience helps big time! my team stunk up the place and we got last place.  no worries.  it was a blast!  our other team got second.  not bad for our first time out.  myself and a few others stayed and played until almost 9pm.  my shirt was soaked!!  but did i mention it was fun?  sooooooo much fun?  i felt (and probably looked) like a 12 year old kid cracked out on pixie sticks!we also got a free 1 hour play card (not buy one get one, straight up free!) and a coupon for an 8oz Golden Spoon yogurt!i think we actually made out on this deal!!  $10 = 3 hours of play, a free hour, and an 8oz yogurt!we are already talking about going back in 2 weeks and most definitely be back for the August tourney!!  someone's gotta show those darn kids who's boss!!  :)and the neighborhood isn't nearly as bad as some reviewers make it out to be.
5	I am rating this placed based on the experience of my 8 year old.  We got there at 10:45 this morning, they were closed to the public. However they were having day camp and I just wanted to check it out. We were going to hang out until 12 and let him jump then.  The ladies insisted that he jump with the camp, and didn't take any money for it!  They said to let him try it and if he likes it and wanted to come back, he could and we could pay then.Oh yea, I gave each of the girls a $10 tip cause they deserved it.  Also I don't know what the hell the other reviewer was talking about, saying it was in a 'bad side of town.'  I didn't see anything that looked dirty, dangerous or unsafe.  With the square footage of this place, there's no way they could afford to have it down on the strip.  Of course he had a GREAT time, so much that he wanted to stay all afternoon and we decided no, he could go during the day for camp.  Now I should say we are visitors, we travel a lot, and this is one place I wouldn't miss.  Thanks to Yelp,  I found them.  I haven't seen any other advertising. Thank you Yelp.You NEED to wear the shoes they give you. My son insisted on going barefoot like some of the other campers and kind of ripped his toenail.  Yea it's a little funky but what do you want, there's a ton of sweaty bodies in there.  And they have a gallon of hand sanitizer so you can use that on your feet afterwards too.
5	This place was so much fun!  I felt like a kid bouncing around for hours!  The staff was nice and the people jumping were friendly.  I recommend this place to my friends with or without kids when they come into town.  Also I recommend Sky Zone to anyone who wants a change in their work out!  Go jump for an hour and that will get your heart rate up!!  I'm looking forward to going back :)
4	I took the kids here today. They had a great time. For the price you cant complain. Staff was mostly immature 16 year olds- no management on site. Bathrooms absolutely filthy. Trash bins overflowing. But definately a good place to spend with family having fun. The kids begged me to stay an exra hour. I suggest going early and doing the waiver online; by 7pm the line to get in was out the door. Very unique place, basically a 5,000 square foot trampoline.
4	So fun!!  A bunch of us adults took a bunch of kids and we had just as much fun as they did -- if not more!  At first I thought "only an hour??"  But by about 45 minutes into it, I was sweating like crazy and felt like the next 15 minutes were gonna be pretty rough. ha! What a great workout, though.  So much fun, you hardly even know you're getting exercise til you're sore the next day!  Give it a try!I would give it 5 stars if I didn't have to wear the nasty ugly shoes they provide!  Yuck!!
5	So much fun!  I took my nieces and nephew here for a change of event.  2 adults and 3 teens had one full hour of fun.  $11 per hour with shoe rental.  So much fun, have fun and get a workout in.  Great party place, but you will get sweaty :)Be careful though, you can definitely get tangled and twisted when you jump in the same square, I hurt my neck and my niece hurt her stomach b/c one of the adults feel on top of her.
5	If your looking for fun place to go w/ your family and want to get some exercise... This is the best place to go... We took the kids on Sunday and they had so much fun... You must go and enjoy the dodge ball game...
4	This place is pretty AWESOME.I was finally able to come out here with a few of my friends after hearing about it from my brother. It's actually quite far from where I live, so it was hard to persuade people to actually go.The place just looks like a giant warehouse. It's not fancy or anything on the outside. Just a sign that reads: Sky Zone Recreational Center. When you enter there is a desk where you sign up and pay. You actually have to sign a waiver, just in case you destroy yourself. We paid about $15 each for two hours. It's normally $11 per hour , $14 for 90-minute jump, and $17 for 2-hour jump, but they had a promotion going on that day. We also signed up for a raffle that they were to draw that night. We got out kicks, which were freakin' awesome! I wish I had a pair of those at home. They look so cool and have some major grip!Before we entered the jumping zone, we were told all of the rules. They made my boyfriend take off his hat, which kind of sucked because he has 2.5 feet long dreadlocks that were being enclosed by the hat. We didn't have a rubber band or anything for his hair, so it was just flowing freely and whacking me in the face!We jumped into the jump zone. It was a little weird at first. There is so much bounce and I kept almost falling down. We got the hang of it pretty fast though and we were soon jumping off the walls and TRYING to do some flips, which we failed at. We all started getting pretty tired and VERY sweaty from all that jumping around. I looked at my phone and only 30 minutes had passed! Jumping around uncontrollably really is a workout. I can honestly say that my whole body, from my chest down, was very sore the next day. We kept jumping and jumping and jumping. We didn't want to leave early because we paid for two hours so we just used up all of our energy to enjoy this place. When we finally to a small break, we went down to the snack area and got some drinks and snacks, which were pretty decently priced. There was an announcement on the intercom that they would be doing the raffle. They were to draw about 5 people or so and each would win some free passes to Sky Zone. We stood still to listen and watch the two employees that were drawing the names. They called one name and the person wasn't there. That's when I saw the girl start taking out names from the bucket, looking at them, then putting them back! It's like she was being selective with the names. I don't know if she was trying to pick out people she knew, or if she was just trying to pick names that she could pronounce. Either way, it made me a little upset. No one in my group of 5 won and I'm sure they would've had a higher chance if the girl wasn't picking the names that she wanted to call.Needless to say, that's why I'm docking off one star.All in all, I really like this place. I probably won't come back anytime soon, due to the location, but I still think this place is awesome. I definitely recommend trying it out. There aren't many places that offer a room filled with giant trampolines. It makes you feel like a kid again and it's so much fun!
4	I went here on Tuesday night for their dodge ball night. It was my first time and it was a lot of fun and I only got hurt ONE time. I have a HUGE bruise on my arm from falling into myself when this crazy guy almost ran me over. Dodge ball was a lot of fun! There were these 3 guys there and you can tell they were regulars. They were amazing at the game, knew every single rule ever established in the history of dodge ball, and were very serious about it. They were kind of intimidating but still very welcoming. I made sure to get on their team so I could feel like a winner. I would definitely go back again and If i had kids I would definitely take them here. I also noticed that they had a trampoline aerobics class and I think this is something I would want to try.
5	I have been here several times and I have always had an enjoyable time. I have been with just my friends (ages 20s-30s) and everyone had a great time. I have also taken my 3yr old daughter several times and she always has a blast. If the place is busy with bigger kids, they will even open up the side trampoline area for younger kids only. It's not very expensive and it's fun workout!They also frequently offer Groupons and deals. I recently went on Mother's Day where I got to jump free since I was a mom. I went to an event they held with drawings and won a month free of Skyrobics!
3	I have heard about these trampoline places all over Vegas for awhile now, but I never had the deep desire to go myself. This all changed last weekend when I ended up randomly attending a birthday party here. It was one of those "friend of a friend" situations.First off the place is open late which makes it a stand-out place for teenagers to go have some decent fun (and keep them out of things they should not be doing). When I was here our group was literally the oldest bunch of people bouncing around, becoming exhausted and then watching the teenagers with their boundless energy bounce around us.It's a decent facility... think skating rink meets warehouse. But the whole point is to go bounce on trampolines. The staff was friendly enough, but definitely 90% teenagers. I do not think I saw one adult in the place who was working there, which kind of worries me.The trampolines themselves appeared clean and well taken care of. My friends and I had a really good time. It's like being 14 again!Only complaints... some of their shoes you have to wear could use some up-keep. On mine the shoe laces were falling apart and I realized halfway into my bouncing that one of them had a velcro strap and the other did not. AND when my friend and I were leaving we saw a nasty cockroach scurry across the floor. I know it's Vegas and this place probably has these little buggers everywhere, but just seeing one gave me the heeby jeebies. Perhaps they should do a little bug spraying.
3	In winter this would be great but too hot in summer. Son got dizzy.  $12 for 1 hour is a good price.
4	Awesome place to have some fun while getting in your daily cardio workout! The building looks just like a warehouse from the outside. The inside has the trampolines set up as well as an area to relax before and after the jumping fun. Times can be bought in half hour increments and they let  people begin jumping right on the half hour marks. They give you a sticker with the time that you are allowed to jump until.The environment is laid back. As long as you're not trying to climb on their walls or getting too rowdy with other guests you are free to enjoy and experiment with your jumping styles and techniques.I highly recommend to bring some water with you so that you have something to drink when you are taking a quick break. It's amazing how much of a workout you can get in a half hour jump session.I recommend Sky Zone as a fun alternative for a group of people. It's a suitable location for all age willing to give it a try. They also occasionally offer Groupons. Everyone should try it at least once!
4	As a tourist, I had to try it but with all the eating options in Vegas, I could never make my filled belly over here. Finally we decided to make the effort to go first thing the am on empty stomachs. This place is waaaaayyy far down Tropicana, so I kept having to re=check the GPS to make sure I was still going in the right direction. You should be in loose fit clothing, I was dumb and thought to look cute in jeans and small top. Ultimately we bought a shirt there b/c my jumping got out of hand and there were a bunch of kids there too, they didn't need my peep show to traumatize them. This is a very clever way to take your kids and tire their ass out. As an adult with no kids, we were already  in the rest area after 20 minutes of jumping. I thought we were moderately in shape, but this makes you question that altogether. It allows you to burn the calories while having ridiculous fun and reiginating that inner kid passion you had when you jumped on your parents bed. After that we went to the dodgeball area and got crazy, then all our horsing around caused other kids to join in our rampage, and ultimately our time ran out. This was a great way for us to burn off our vacay calories while still having fun. I only wish this was around when I was younger, but I will definitely go back and hope they open one by home soon. ;-)
4	Sky Zone! Jumpies! LOVE IT!They have a full adult area where you can jump and flip to your hearts desire... or fall, like me, hahaha. Often times they net off one or two ends for competitions/special events. Every 30 min they let in a new crowd and it cam get VERY crowded to show up early-  Like Opening!If you have kids, they have a kiddie area, which is a lot of fun as well, you can throw balls around and the don't let the words "kiddie area" fool you, it can get pretty rough in there (but in a fun, not dangerous way). If you've never been, you've got to try it. And don't be afraid, just let go and enjoy!
4	I'm hooked on the SkyRobics class. It's a killer workout that you wouldn't expect. There is so much more than just bouncing. The class is 1 hour long and men and women of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels are in there working it out.  We run drills, we do squats, lunges, planks, push-ups and much more. They have weighted balls to add difficulty and you can always jump harder or quicker to intensify the workout. FYI, my favorite instructor is Chris. ***It's only $3.00 for your first class and $6.00 after that***TIPS:Call ahead and reserve a spot in the class. Get the name of the person you spoke to. This is VERY important because these classes fill up fast. Limit your liquid intake an hour before the class otherwise you might make it rain and not in a cool rap song kinda way. Bring a towel, water and socks. You'll be wearing shoes that hundreds of people have had their gross feet in. Some people have feet like the troll from under the bridge and you don't want those germs.Yes, there are lockers. Do they work? Yes, some of them work some of the time and guess what? The ones that are broken are never marked! Just think of it as a game while you are waiting to bounce. It's a quarter a pop. Avoid at all cost during Spring Break when all the little rug rats are dropped off so their parents can party it up at the Red Rooster around the corner. It's loud and annoying during this time. TRUST.Sky Zone is not just for kids or people waiting on the meth to finish brewing in their weeklies on Boulder Hwy. Nope Sky Zone is for America. If you are looking for a different, fun workout come kill it with me on the tramp. Make it bounce!!!
4	The best workouts are the ones that are more fun then work... where you forget that you are there to burn calories.. The SkyRobics call at SkyZone Indoor Trampoline Park is one of the best workouts around, tons of fun and an hour will leave you sweaty and feeling that post workout euphoric high.I have been to the classes twice so far with Jaime W. Our first class was only $3, and that includes your shoe rental. Subsequent classes are $6, which is still really affordable. You can also purchase a 10 class punchcard for $40, or for $80 you can get unlimited class access for 3 months. Classes have limited space and DO fill up, so make a reservation. Bring a bottle of water and socks. Leave your personal belongings at home or in your car. There are storage lockers you can pay to use, but be forewarned, they have a nasty quarter stealing habit.  Don't feel like taking a class? That's ok, you can still get a great workout on your own just by bouncing around. Feeling frustrated? Get your aggression out with a game of trampoline dodgeball! NOTE: The pricing above is specifically for the classes, pricing for open jump/dodgeball is different.You really should consider taking the trampclass though... it's not just for tramps!
3	Came here for a birthday party. My kid loved it. There's one big space to bounce around and burn energy. Even the walls are padded so there's little chance of getting hurt. Off to the side of the main space is a smaller court that was used for dodgeball. There's also a foam pit to bounce and jump/flip into and an area exclusively for babies and toddlers.It's a nice place for a kid's party. They bounced for about an hour then went to a private room to eat. Pizza was served and the parents hosting the party also had chips, drinks, veggies, cupcakes, etc. on hand. The staff was nice. They all seem young, so don't expect stellar customer service.The place isn't the nicest or cleanest (especially the bathrooms) but I don't think any of the kids cared since they were busy bouncing around.
3	Took my guys (Husband and three boys) to this place for a weekend family day on March 31, 2012. It was lots of fun,although I am not a fan of the jumping and bouncing around personally. I know my guys had funnnn... I get mirgranes so the jumping around isnt for me. Price wise wasnt too bad I cant complain I mean we had money to splurge that weekend considering it was my bday weekend and we saved up for such time. But we reserved for the boys to jump around for an hour. I think thats more than enough time to jump, jump, jump. I have boys ages 12, 5 and 2 so its good enough for them. Now if the kids were older I'd say go for the 3-4 hr sessions. The thing I liked about that place is they even had a spot where my little guy (2yr old) can jump with kids in his age range. Thats always great :) Also they took breaks periodically like had a 5-10 min break session of no jumping so the kids wouldnt pass out. That was pretty neat too. They had an area for dodge ball which is something my older guys like doing these days. Overall I would reccomend this place try it once at least. It was quite a drive from the strip but worth our family time.
2	We really enjoy Skyzone, at least the trampoline part.  The facility has steadily gone downhill, to the point that it's becoming unpleasant to go there despite the fun.  Our last visit found both bathrooms down to one operational commode for each restroom and they were disgusting fram a sanitary perspective.  The one water fountain was also out of order but conveniently they were still able to over-charge for a bottle of water, no thanks we went to 7-11.Two stars since it's fun but no more until the owners can manage to clean the place up.
4	------Pop Quiz-------Who will enjoy an enjoy an indoor trampoline park the most?  a.  My hyperactive 17 month old, who is on the go from the moment he opens his little eyes and lays his head to rest?  b.  My 8 year old who loves physical activities?  c.  My slow-to-warm husband?  d.  My flaming "happy" dirty 30 year old cousin, who brings the party where ever he goes?  The answer my slow-to-warm husband.  Who became my oldest kid to monitor very closely.  He did back flips, ran and hit his body against the bouncy walls, jumped to great heights, flew into a bottom less pit of foam blocks, and beamed unsuspecting people in the dodge ball area.  Oh gosh, a few times I thought we would be kicked out for his behavior.  My husband brought bewildered looks on all of our faces as he laughed and leaped through the air at amazing feats attempting to do a new trick that  I never knew his body could manage.  Preparation:Before you begin your fun you have to sign a wavier (for everyone).  Remember to bring socks or they sell a pair for $2.  You are required to wear the special Sky Zone shoes.  There are shoe racks available and small lockers available to hold your valuables (25 cents).   Skyzone:  Skyzone attracts people of all ages, physical strength, and sizes.  My 17 month old had a blast!  I'm sure he was scared for his life at times, as my husband slyly attempted to double bounce him, as my eyes were monitoring my oldest.  Since we came with a toddler we were directed to the children's trampoline area. Skyzone is separated into four areas.  A large trampoline area:.  I noticed insanely buff men were bouncing here doing circus tricks.  Teenagers just having a blast doing twirls in the air like cheer leaders.  Older children attempting to jump higher then their friend.  There is an ample seating area in this court where spectators can watch.  3-D dodge ball:  I have never played dodge ball like this before and those 8 year old kids are scary.  I stepped foot only once in this area because they show no mercy here.  Those kids can smell inexperience and vulnerability a mile away.  I was beamed with 5 balls instantaneously as I jumped to the exit.  Toddler/Baby:  My family was subjected to this area because of my little one.  But we had the whole court to ourselves.  I guess this added to my husbands new confidence, that he is invisible, and light as a feather.  I had to remind him a few times that he is the bread winner of the family and that we could not manage to haul him out of there if he broke or sprained anything.  Foam Pit:  Hop, hop, hop, and leap into the abyss of foam.  My oldest loved this one the best.  My husband however had a hard time submerging out of it.  It took a bit for me to come out of the pit as well.   Snacks Station:  They sell bottled water and snacks at a decent price.  Pricing:  We actually ventured here because it was apart of the Las Vegas Power Pass.  It included 2 hours of open court jumping.  They charge for toddlers!  They allowed him to wear his own shoes.  He wore his Robeez that day, which is perfect type of shoes for the activity of the day.  Robeez fit on little feet like feet gloves.  There never fall off my son's feet.   30-min jump: $960-min jump: $1290-min jump: $15120-min jump: $18Birthday Parties:  My cousin sought out information (Yes, the 30 year old)  on having his next birthday party here.  Can you imagine a house full of Merna's bouncing in the air, with their flamboyant attire, and exaggerated screams and giggles?! I can and it has fun written all over it.  I told him when he messages me the signed contract that I'll fly down to Vegas to be a part of such a celebration.  Here is a link to the party packages:  http://lasvegas.skyzonesports.com/Portals/6/BirthdayFlyerLV%204.15.12.pdfI will admit that we were all hurting the next day, especially my biggest kid (my husband.  We don't have anything like this in Hawaii, so we had a a ton of fun.  Who doesn't have fun jumping on a trampoline?  I'm sure you'll have a blast too :)
5	So much fun and a great work out  - even for adults.
3	I have been to Sky Zone two times now and both times I am not 100% I want to go back.  Pros: It is great for the kids...they get the jump around and work out their energy.  The staff this last time was SUPER FRIENDLY and helpful and great with the kids.  They were also very organized to get kids in and out in their reserved time.Cons: The women's bathroom just smelled like urine...it was so bad and gross but my 4 yr had to go so we had no choice.  No AC and in Vegas it turns into a sweaty stinky place.  If you have a baby there really is not a good place to be able to watch the older ones play and have a stroller.  The observation area is up some stairs so you can really only watch one or the other.  They REALLY need to get new shoes to jump in...they are pretty disgusting...and busted up.So I don't know...the kids seem to love it but as an adult I wonder the last time the foam pit was cleaned.
3	The main trampoline area was a joy and certainly gave me a workout to remember.As a business, they seem to be lacking in certain areas in the name of cost cutting. First is the one and only out of order water fountain/bubbler.  Although I brought my own water another poster has stated that said bubbler has been out of order for some time.  Further, they sell water at grossly inflated prices.They have the foam pit open at limited times and when "open" it is mobbed by crazy kids. Thus your time (time is how you're charged) will get absorbed standing in line.  Given this observation I chose to skip the "pit" which was disappointing.Lack of A/C must be an interesting situation by midday in August despite the few fans available.You MUST wear their shoes. Understandable given they wish to preserve the their trampolines, however, they are worn and I wouldn't want to be the third/forth user of the day in summer.There was an odd odor throughout the place and I was there in early June when cooler temps prevailed.Kids will overlook some of the above facts...many parents are not likely to.P.S. Be careful with the small lockers for personal belongings.  Each time you open it (ex. you forget something) you have to add more money.
3	This place is pretty cool. If they had air conditioning I would give it a 4 star rating. the day I went with my 10 year old brother it was about 103 and about as warm inside. The place reminded me of a bowling alley with all the sweaty shoes on the counter, but it's pretty fun to bounce around. The place is huge and a little out of the way location wise. If we weren't so sweaty we probably would have stayed longer. Pretty fun though for young and old kids!
2	OH HELL NO! No air conditioning in a JUMP PARK in LAS VEGAS in the MIDDLE OF SUMMER!? Big momma don't like to sweat. Period. I got a Groupon deal for this place and the pictures looked nice, so I thought I'd give it a go. When I walked in, it was like a giant sauna full of unruly little Mexican kids. (I can say this, because I too am Mexican-so there!)It was the most miserable hour of my life. After 20 minutes my kids-who LOVE trampolines- were begging to leave. They had killed 3 Gatoraids and 1 water bottle and were sweating their asses off. So gross, so unacceptable. No thanks! Next time I will take them to Flippin Out on Craig where it's nice and air conditioned. Also, my husband pointed out that men's bathroom was filthy and only 1 out of the 3 toilets was working. I wasn't willing to even try to check out the ladies' bathroom. Thankfully my little girls didn't need to use it.2 nice things I will say:#1) There was plenty of staff keeping it safe and keeping a watchful eye#2) The rented shoes were a nice touch, as they allowed the kids a cool Spider Man effect that allowed them to climb the walls-where they were promptly yelled at by the staff and told to "GET DOWN!" *shrugs*
5	Awesome fun for all ages.  bounce off the trampolines covering the floor and walls, do tricks, play dodgeball and get tired faster than you think!  $9 for a half hour and we got 50 percent off coupons for next time.Love it. Wish we knew about it sooner!
3	Good place to get the kids to unlease all their energy.
5	This place "IS" as good as it gets!  We had a group of 10 from 18 months to 37 years old jumping and it was the best time!  From the foam pit you can do flips into to the dodge ball everybody had a great time and an awesome workout!!
4	Fun rating: 5 starsSafety rating: 3.5 stars. Its dangerous. Thats why you sign a waiver every time you go in. Cost rating: 3 stars. Their website says $9 for an hour. We got there & it was $12 for an hour, $9 for HALF an hour. I felt slightly decieved. Overall rating: 4 stars. This was a FUN way to get a workout & tire out the kids at the same time. Other notes: the kids area isnt very well supervised despite parents standing around. There really should be an attendant for this area exclusively. Kids were climbing the walls & sliding down them, despite clear warnings posted not to do this, and one crashed into my two year old. Nothing was done about it. There is food & drink available, as well as some video games. You can also observe for free.Will be back, but probably during the week when i assume its less crowded and theres better supervision.
5	so much fun!! great way to get your heart pumping too!!
4	Bought a Groupon for this and took some lucky kids. Holy smokes did they have fun. What a calorie burner, they said if you jump for an hour- you can lose up to 1,000 calories. That's right people 1,000 calories!! This is not just for kids- They also have fitness classes that will knock you on your booty. They have a foam pit, dodge ball and tons of space for jumping. It was very organized and you can even reserve your spot on-line. It looks like a great place for a kid party. Only downfall ( thank goodness it was cool today) they do not have air conditioning in the building. They only have big fans, not sure how well those work in our Las Vegas heat.
4	This place was so much fun. I went with two kids and they LOVED it. If your not in shape I would recommend buying the 30 minute or one hour pass. If you have kids, definitely buy the 2 hour pass for them, it goes by fast. Lots of fun jumping around. I didn't see that many adults doing it and they were missing out. Great place to take kids. Bring your own drinks. Water is $2.00 a bottle. They have lockers for your things. I would go again if I was taking kids only.
4	I wrote an earlier review and it disappeared. So heres another. We really love this place. My daughters having her bday party here next week - will update afterwards. Its basically a bunch of trampolines attached to each other with padding in between. You can jump for half an hour for $9 or an hour for $12. Half an hour might be enough if youre not in shape! Its a WORKOUT! But tons of fun! Toddlers are half price which is nice, and you wont have to buy sox for a ridiculous markup as adults wear shoes and kids go barefoot. They sell snacks and juiceboxes, which is great cuz you definitely work up a thirst. They also have a jumping area just for kids, a big foam pit to jump in, and dodgeball on the adult jumping court. I was happy to pay $30 extra for our party to get an area on the court roped off just for our party. Overall 5 stars - 1 star off for price and the fact that the kids area isnt as supervised as perhaps it should be. But lets face it - parents really should be supervising tgeir own kids. Especially here, where breaking the rules = someone getting hurt.
4	If you're looking to unleash your inner kid you have got to give this place a visit at least once in your life. I came here with my friends (all in their 20s) last week and will definitely be coming back again. It was affordable, fun, and a great workout. P.S.-Pile on the deodorant and be prepared to sweat!
5	This review is for their birthday parties. Ive done a previous review on the facility. The party my daughter had here was completely awesome, and I give 100% credit to the staff here. They were well-organized, helpful, and even decorated for me! I would definitely use them again. I have three kids and so Im pretty familiar with the areas bday party offerings. This was the best organized ive seen to date. In addition it was only $200 for the lowest priced package (10 jumpers) and you can add on jumpers per head if needed. The party included an hour of jumping and 40 minutes in the party room, which was just the right amount of time. They also accomodated my special needs - my daughter and several of her friends have special needs. For only $30 more we were able to rope off an area of the court just for our party. The staff were pleasant and our party attendant, bree, was super awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone having a kids party for sure!
4	SOOOO much fun!I was shocked at how quickly I was out of breath and near death from just jumping around but it was well worth it.The place is set up for great possibilities of fun:-an area for dodge ball-a few hoops and basket balls-some slanted trampolines so you can bound off the wallOne of the most entertaining things was watching this bulky, body-builder guy spinning and flipping like a high diver.Tiring, but fun!
5	Tons of fun.  I sweat my butt off and the kids had a blast.  Wow, I'm out of shape!
2	Went there for my grandsons birthday party and it certainly was not worth the money we paid. Other kids were jumping in the private space we paid for. We let the staff know and yet they did nothing about it. We were paying for uninvited guests to jump in our area. The girls doing the party in the room could not hurry enough to get us out. Everything was rushed. No time was given to my grandson to open his gifts. All in all avery bad night. Not worth the money. I don't recommend it. Will never go back there again
5	Good, clean, healthy family fun! And affordable, too. My boys had SUCH a good time. Looking forward to going back.
