4	This place is great. They have a workput room, lockers, raquetball courts, classes (they vary but include all kinds of interesting things), and preschool (abit pricey). Most importantly, they have a CHEAP POOL. The pool has an adult water slide, kids water slide (my two year old, three year old AND ten year old love this), sprinkler-type fun, plenty of shade, free lawn chairs if you can grab one, and a snack bar with ice cream for $1, hotdogs for $1.50, and lots of other stuff. Its only $3 for adults, $2 for kids, and under two are free. There are lots of lifeguards and they seem really on the ball. Id give this place 5 stars but for the fact that they charge $2 per kid for childcare to work out. If you have more than one kid its a bit pricey. You CAN buy a swimming pass and use it towards chilcare, but you only save a buck that way. I feel this is rather discriminatory towards women with kids and goes against their vision statement which states "To be the national leader in promoting community health and well-being through fun, progressive and memorable parks and recreation experiences and activities for everyone.'
4	I play basketball here on Friday mornings 9am-12,if u enjoy full court basketball this is your place,games are quick and I get a good cardio
3	For a while it was the only facility in the neighborhood where they offered city park & rec classes and had a public pool. It was always busy! Now even with the one in Green Valley open, this place is still busy!  Good thing there is plenty parking spaces available.  Only minor problem is one entry/exit way into this place, which can cause a backup at times. I usually come here for the community yard sale they hold outdoors. There's a fitness room, and racquetball room, I haven't tried out yet, but looks fun!   Recently I started taking up some dance fitness classes, Hot Hula and Zumba that were in the Henderson Happenings brochure. The dance room it's located in is a pretty good size with mirrors on both sides of the wall. A stereo system with the speakers anchored high near the ceiling. So it's nice and loud when the music is on. Not only is the A/C turned up in there full blast, there are also 4 ceiling fans to help you cool off when the dance workouts get intense! Only negative about this dance room is the floor is not very clean. So if you take classes in there with bare feet, be prepared to have black feet from all the dirt that  accumulates on your feet. Other than that this place is cool, the workers at the front desk are friendly and helpful and there's a good variety of classes to take for all ages.
3	We went early in the morning, and they shut down the pool for about thirty minutes before 11. The water was pretty chilly, and we were packing up when they all had whistled for us to leave the area.I had my daughter in my arms (5months), helping my mother in law, (with 2 year old) trying to get all of our stuff, while watching the 2yr old with the pool (they dart!) We were not procrastinating. A young girl came over with a long blonde braid, and started clapping at us! Saying that she really needed us to get out. I could understand if we were sitting, eating a sandwich, popping open a soda. She could've handled that better. We had our hands full.
4	Let me start off with I LOVE swimming!! I'm a total fish! So when we moved to Henderson, a couple years ago, my husband informed me of ALL the public pools in the City of Henderson! Black Mountain Aquatic Complex is only open from around Memorial Day to Labor Day-ish  so when it's open you might not want to miss it. If you have children of any age this place is a great way to get them out and in the sun for a reasonable price. They offer lots of lawn chairs, tables and grass for you to sit on or picnic. They allow you to bring in ice chests and your own chairs if you want. People even have birthday parties at the pool. The Black Mountain pool has beach style entrance and then gradually gets deeper. They have a sectioned off area that goes to about 4.5 ft deep for swimming. In the shallower area they offer a water jungle gym which includes a little slide and fire hose you can turn up and down. There is also a much larger slide that you can go on if you are over a certain height and can swim on your own. One of my favorite parts besides the nice salt water pool is the Snack Bar! They must put crack in their Diet Coke 'cause I crave it from there all winter long! I can't wait to have one next year! They do have a great selection of stuff if you decide not to bring food with you. The hot dogs are decent and even their turkey sandwiches aren't that bad. I mean we are talking about a snack bar at a local pool. I enjoy there nachos. They are horrible for me, but for a snack I enjoy them. They are simple, just tortilla chips, nacho cheese and jalapenos (upon request). The snack bar also offers ice cream, candy, dill pickles, string cheese and chips. Everything is very reasonably priced.I look forward to the pool opening back up in the summer. I love to sit out in the sun there and sip my diet coke! Then take a dip in the pool! Ah, that sounds nice!
5	Love that they have toddler classes on the weekends. Very clean facility. No staff interaction yet so I can't really comment on that, but the toddler class instructor has been great. Comfy chairs to sit in while we're waiting for class to end.
2	This place has so few chairs! They really need to consider it's to hot to sit on the ground and they always have a horrible ant problem!
4	Such an awesome Place to come to on a HOT day, first time here. Cost to get in, $3 for kids, and $4 adults. They have a small snack bar that takes cash only. Definetly coming back here
5	Doggie Play and Paddle Event.So at the end of pool season they open the pool to dogs of all sizes, they have different time slots for dogs of different sizes (weight). We were in the medium size dog group. It was well organized, it cost $10 if you prepay online and $15 day of the event, I felt it was well worth it. It wasn't too crowded, you were able to easily keep track of your dog and enjoy yourself. Plenty of lifeguards for the dogs safety and an animal control officer was on site, which put me at ease. There were a few booths with local vendors and a dj playing music at the pool. They provide towels for the dogs to use and lots of tennis balls to toss around. There were plenty of seats for the humans and even some shade! There is even a small grassy area for the dogs to romp around or do their business...owners must pick up after their dogs!Loved this event and will definitely go again. My one gripe was there were no drinks for humans or canines. We luckily brought a bottle of water but it'd be nice if they sold some there.
