5	This place has alot of history. It was originally called 'Ma Hellers' so people started calling is Ma's for short. Then in a misguided efffort to make it Hip, it was switched to Maz. Not sure how old it is but I do know it was open when the boys came back from WW2 and it did well serving steaks and featured live music. On my last visit home I took a friend from St. Louis with me and I described it to him as a Dive Bar. He then corrected me to say it wasn't a Dive Bar but rather a 'Joint', I believe he was right.This place gets 5 stars because it is a landmark and should be preserved so I can go back for a few beers every couple of years.One piece of  advice: The drunks at this place are harmless, BUT they will talk your ear off if you let them.
4	Classic NDG dive. Pool tables, air hockey, cheap pitchers and a very interesting mixed crowd. The antithesis of neighbor bar Honey Martin. Worth a weekend trip for the people watching alone! I have witnessed: a full makeover in the women's bathroom, girl vs. man fight-where the girl was winning, a dance off and someone claiming to be Drake's manager buying pitchers! That being said, weeknights seem to be quieter. Not for the timid. A great time for the adventurous!
3	I've made plenty of bad decisions here.Have you ever been somewhere where it means nothing, but somehow, means everything? I like coming to Maz. They don't have a good selection of beer. Or drinks. They don't have good pool tables. There are plenty of shady things that go on here. But still I find myself here every once in a while; generally I'm in a really crappy mood, or I'm feeling to good to go home and too mashed up to go anywhere else.
4	Nice nonsectarian sort of vibe--too clean to be a dive, not enough TVs to be a sports bar, not a dedicated performance venue nor a dance club, not outstandingly expensive or cheap. Great colourful locals. Bartender's not a jerk, a common issue in this time. Only like three beers on tap, and a medium-size liquor cabinet at best. Not too rowdy on the whole, but definitely not quiet. Pool tables are a nice touch, as is the air hockey. If any of you have ever hit up Bar des Pins on Parc, that's a pretty good starting point of comparison, though with fewer students. An NDG institution if I've ever seen one.
3	Scrappy pool tables, mediocre beer, but hey, they have air hockey and really don't care what you do. Useful space to meet up with college friends since it's easy for everyone to get to. Staff are nice but the place itself is rather unenergetic.
1	Maz is a terrible bar. I've had my wallet stolen there, witnessed several fights between underage people, waited while the pool tables were monopolized by alcoholic misogynists in their 60s who make you feel uncomfortable, there are only 3 beers on tap and they're usually flat, the place smells rank and is super trashy and sketchy. It's a cheap place to go and get hammered but there's nothing comfortable or cool about the place.
