5	I went here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. The inside of this place is quite nice, wooden tables and chairs give it a very 'homey' feel. This feeling was further increased upon noticing that the cashier was holding a baby on her back in some sort of baby backpack. She (the cashier, not the baby), was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the Club sandwich with no mayo. She recommended that I get the mayo on the side since it's delicious and the sandwich may be too dry. I accepted her offer. With each sandwich you get a choice of a side, and I opted for fresh (seasonal) fruit.The club sandwich is absolutely enormous. I'm not kidding, this thing had to be about 6 inches high. I wasn't quite sure how to eat it (maybe because I'm not a part of the club), so i crushed it down to a manageable height. I ate the first half with none of the mayo, and it was the best club sandwich I had ever eaten. You could tell they use very fresh ingredients, and high quality meats since this sandwich was exploding with flavor. I didn't think the sandwich was too dry without the mayo, but for the second half I tried it with it. The mayo was delicious as well (this coming from someone who usually hates mayo). They put a bunch of herbs in it, most notably basil which went incredibly well with the rest of the sandwich. The fruit I got was watermelon, a nice fit for a hot late spring day, it was fresh, juicy and tasty as most watermelon is.This place is a little on the expensive side, but if you ask me, it is completely worth it. I plan to go back many times, and they currently have one of those buy 'x' sandwiches, get 1 free cards, which is good.
5	Eat here!Everything is HUGE. Portions are great. I have been eating here since it opened- my boyfriend and I went in by chance one day- and from then on, we were hooked. EVERY OTHER day for lunch we ate here. Their Tomato Bisque soup is the ultimate. Sandwiches, be prepared to take half home for dinner. AND SOOOO cheap for what you get- 2 people is like 15.00 and you basically get two meals.  And the people who own it are THE nicest people. This is the first place I am going when i get back to school.
3	I guess I had a very different experience at Murphy's than the other reviewers. I was underwhelmed with the portion size of my club sandwich ($9.69 after-tax for the sandwich and a few blueberries/strawberries). It was a good and satisfying sandwich, don't get me wrong, but there certainly were not any leftovers, and I have never even thought about going back.Do ask for extra mayo on the side, because I had so little that the sandwich was indeed dry, and the flavor of the mayo was hidden. Murphy's is actually a converted house, and there are very few items from which to choose. I suggest calling ahead because it took 10 minutes to place and get a cold sandwich order when I was the only customer in the place. I also suggest asking about their box lunch specials that are priced less than the regular menu. I believe they feature one sandwich (ie, no choice) in the box lunch per day. They also cater.
1	This place is long closed; a Mexican restaurant is there now.
