4	So there I was... on week three of my semi-vegan, all whole foods, mostly organic, low-sodium and low-sugar diet and I was pissed. Angry and frustrated with the way things have been happening lately. Two major fights in two days... doesn't make for a good pageant week, but whatev' it happened. Not wanting to relive everything, but KNOWING I was about to... only one thing came to mind... I want an effing HOT DOG!Now, I live within walking distance of Ted's Hot Dogs, but it was closed, I tried to think of somewhere that was open... a spot came to mind: perched on the south west corner of Priest and Baseline, across the street from AZ Mills Mall and a lil down from Carls Jr. sat the gleaming cart of happiness... La Katra Hot Dogs. With its Sonoran Dogs, bottled mexican sodas, plastic tables n chairs, and small tv showing nothing but Telenovelas, La Katra was the perfect setting for my culinary Wooo Saaaw. The first time I heard of Sonoran Hot Dogs, the sound of it made me sick. Nothing but unkosher, heavily processed food?! Uhh... no thanks! But I'm so happy I gave it a go because I have been missing OUT! We quickly got our boiled bacon wrapped dog topped with refried beans, MAYO and tomatoes on a steamed sesame seed bun. There is an ice chest filled with other toppings. Things such as: sliced mushrooms, shredded cheese, sweet relish, whole green chilies, creamy guac sauce, salsa verde and parmesan cheese (u know... the stuff in the green can).I was elated and a little overwhelmed. I asked my friend Beckita which I should use, she suggested the guac and salsa. I obeyed and added relish, parmesan and hot green chili sauce for good measure! I took my first bite and it was... DUH-VINE!Creamy, spicy and kind of salty. It was soft, yummy and could use some crunch, maybe some crushed tortilla chips on top? Extremely savory and filling. You only need ONE $3 Sonoran Dog. Their Bottles are $1.50 and cans of soda are a $1. They are open daily starting at 6pm and close 1am on weekdays and 2am on weekends. If you have $5 and need some late night food, then this is the place for you! Be sure to top yours with the salsa verde! It's the best!!
2	Let me start by saying that I desperately wanted to like this place and give a positive review. DESPERATELY. I even feel a little bad about the review because the people were very nice, but when I review restaurants the FOOD comes first. The only time service overrides food in my ratings is when the service prevents me from getting any food. Anyways, continue for the actual review.When I heard about this kart, I was extremely excited. I mean, BACON-WRAPPED HOT DOGS. How could that possibly go wrong? Apparently, there are a lot of ways.I will start off with some of the things I liked about this place. First, the people working were very friendly, even if they had a hard time understanding what we were saying (didn't seem like their English was that great, i.e. when I asked where the tip jar was, they handed me a paper bag to put my soda in). They were generous enough to give us free drinks because we showed up right when they arrived and before they were set up, so we had to wait. Obviously, that was our fault and they didn't have to do that (this is why I went for the second star here) Second, the food is very low-priced. Third, they have Mexican Coke! You know, the good version of Coca-Cola? Unfortunately, none of these things were the reason that I wanted to eat here.Now, for the things that I didn't like so much. First off, when the hell are these people around!?!? It took my 5 tries before I actually managed to head over while they were there. As far as I can tell, they will be there around 7PM if they are coming at all and tend to come on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday Nights, if at all. As for the food, the hot dog was far from exceptional. Yes, the hot dog was bacon-wrapped. No, the bacon was not good. The bacon was the thinnest-cut, soggiest piece of bacon I have ever had. I was hoping for a thicker-cut, cooked to a little crisp or char, but that was not the case. Also, the bacon had very little flavor, probably due to how thin and soggy it was. On top of that, the hot dog was OBLITERATED with mayonnaise. I had to spend some time trying to scoop off the mayonnaise before I could eat it. Also, the hot dog seemed like your standard, store-bought hot dog without any of the really good hot dog flavor. I also tried the quesadilla, but it wasn't anything special.It was just a slightly greasy quesadilla with a mexican cheese inside, but that's about it. Food-wise, there just wasn't anything special about the food here. They didn't add their own little bit of magic, or whatever you wanna call it that makes it unique. And that little something special is absolutely necessary to make yourself stand out, especially with something as generic as a hot dog and a quesadilla.Maybe I just had my expectations set too high at the cue of Bacon-wrapped hot dogs, but i didn't find anything special here. I wish I could say otherwise about something as wondrous as a bacon-wrapped hot dog, but I can't. Anyways, if you want to try it, I won't stop you. But, don't be fooled by the appeal and the potential magic of the bacon-wrapped hot dog, because you will be disappointed. I will only recommend this Cart (which, by the way, has recently upgraded to a truck/van) if you want something cheap. However, you will need a lot of luck for this truck to actually be there when you want it.
2	Just Ok Hot dogs, I have had better.
5	I love this place. Why? Because they seem to be open every time that I want a hot dog. Every time.I get their special, it's a hot dog with tomatoes, onions, beans (and normally mayo but I don't get the mayo). I then sauce it up with Tapitio hot sauce and dig in. Fantastic!This cart is clean and always well patronized. So if you're up late and want a great meal, head over here.
4	Was pretty great. The hotdog with grilled veggies and an assortment of veggies were on point after a night of adventure.The free telenova viewing was an added plusWarning on the green chilies ~ They are HOTTurning into a human flamethrower at 4am (nausea) is not an experience I want to revisit
5	Sonoran hotdogs. Inexpensive and delicious.
5	The most authentic Sonoran Dog I've had in Arizona! A must go! It's cheap and they keep it very clean.
3	Sonoran hot dog with no bacon?? That's just a plain hot dog regardless of the toppings! Stars are for cleanliness and accessibility.
5	So yummy and very friendly!:) and affordable! Strongly recommend and great hours!:) love this place visit at least twice a week!
