4	Sometimes you're just in the mood for greasy chinese, and this place delivers. Everything is flavorful and it tastes like it was freshly made. It's much better than HowLee or Lulu's. They deliver to a pretty good radius too - it's two and a half miles from there to my apartment.
5	I am picky as hell and when I find a place I like, I tend to order the same thing over and over - which makes me not such a great reviewer.At this place I tend to always get steamed chicken and vegetables, or steamed tofu and vegetables, white sauce on the side.  The food is always steamed just right and keeping the sauce on the side eliminates any "typical greasy chinese food" quality.  Plenty of food, nicely done.Their hot and sour soup is good but I wish it didn't contain pork.  But most places do.The reason I need to review this place is because they have got the best steamed vegetables dumplings you will find anywhere in America - and I am writing this from CALIFORNIA where I am surrounded by Asians so I should know!!!OK, maybe I am not a dumpling expert.  But theirs are damn tasty and I wish I could find something like them out here.  Every time I go home, I need to get pho at LuLus and dumplings at Silk Pagoda.They are AWESOME.I wish I could have a truckload shipped to me.
4	Whenever my husband and I are too tired to cook dinner, we call Silk Pagoda up!  I think he has put this restaurant on speed-dial! Silk Pagoda delivers up to, I believe, a 5 mile radius.The place itself is kinda non-descript.  It is in a strip-mall.  The people who operate it are very nice.  The food itself is solid, nothing much out of the ordinary, but of very consistent quality!    The Mu Shu is wonderful and I'm particularly fond of the standard "beef-with-vegetables.  My husband's tastes are much more esoteric.  He loves the twice-cooked pork with tofu (personally, I think that tofu is the most disgusting "edibile" substance on the planet).  He gets that when he does not want to share with me!If you choose to dine in at this place, it is a very relaxed atmosphere.  It is not fancy, but it isn't run down, dark, or dirty in there.  Instead, it is a very cheerful place to have a meal.  Give me a place like this any day over some yuppie "Asian Fusion" place!
2	Yelp says 2 stars means "Meh, I've experienced better", which is exactly how I felt about our dinner from here tonight.We ordered two entrees, one egg roll, and an order of cheese wontons.  The person on the phone taking our order told us it would take 30 minutes for delivery and did not tell us the price.  We live less than 1.5 miles away and called early (not during the typical dinner-time rush) but the delivery took a bit longer than 30 minutes.  The total was $29.80 before tip, which seems a bit pricey.The food was just mediocre.  The cheese wontons were okay but the cheese tasted just a bit off.  The tofu homestyle was bland and the sauce had an odd aftertaste.  The only vegetables were carrots, snow peas, and a few small pieces of bamboo, none of which were flavorful.  The Gold Sesame Chicken is described as having a "sophisticated brown sauce", but really it was either General Tso's or sweet and sour sauce.  There were two tiny broccoli florets in the dish - did they fall in accidentally?I wanted to like it - it would be very convenient for me - but it was nothing impressive.
3	Mediocre Chinese food in a small strip mall. I haven't actually dined inside (got take out) but it was very warm inside the restaurant, like they don't have an AC, and pretty dark. The food quality and taste reminds me of fast food Chinese at the mall. I got chicken fried rice, the serving was huge but it wasn't extremely tasty.I'll probably eat here again when I'm too lazy to cook or drive anywhere, it's one of the three easily walkable restaurants by my house. (Other two being Subway and a pizza joint.)
5	I ordered lunch delivered to our business and it seemed to arrived almost as I was hanging up the phone.  The chicken broccoli was hot and the brown rice was really good too.  I am watching what I eat lately so I ordered with specific instructions about how much sauce etc.  And they did it perfectly.  Just enough to give everything great taste and keep me on my diet as well.  And the price was low enough in keeping with this economy we have these days.I plan on ordering again and again.
4	Year in and year out, this is the best asian food restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It's not fancy -- the decor is a bit tired and dusty -- and the food is dressed and presented with bells and whistles, but it's damn good food at a very fair price.  The food is fresh, done well and flavorful.  Another diner noted that there never seems to be more than two or three other tables of diners in the restaurant.  That's true, but there's a steady flow of carry-out and delivery food.  And, for dessert, hop next to the ice cream shop!
2	Their food continues to disappoint. I'm never sure what I'm getting because I never get what I order - it's always a mystery meal here. Last time, and probably my last time eating here, I got chow mein but it came in 2 different containers, was soupy and full of celery, and... there were no noodles. And now that it's winter, it's extremely cold inside. And dark. Also they have a $10 minumim on cards
4	Definitely a fan of Silk Pagoda. Quality of the ingredients seemed to be pretty high compared to other Chinese joints in the city. General Tso's was nice and crispy, without too much gristle / fat on the chicken (hey, it's a Chinese restaraunt -- what do you expect?). Sauce had a nice tangy flavor, not too syrupy or sweet. My friend ordered the sesame sliced chicken, which had a really great creamy, nutty, savory sauce. Like someone else said, sometimes you just need greasy Chinese. The next time I do, I'll be heading to Silk Pagoda.
3	I guess I'd rate Silk Pagoda 3 1/2 stars.  I hadn't eaten here in awhile so when I came home from Dallas last week, Rick and I ended up ordering delivery.  Feeling pretty hungry after my homecoming, I was a little adventurous in ordering Seven Stars Around the Moon.  Gotta love poetic food names at Chinese places.  That's beef, scallops, chicken sauteed and Chinese vegetables surrounded by shrimp.  Yummy!As always, Silk Pagoda isn't the flashiest, but it fills the bill.
3	The food is good but the service is hit or miss, when its good its good but other times it can be pretty terrible. Presentation is beautiful, I wish they spent as much time training their wait staff to smile, say hello, and not appear so miserable.
4	Love this place for Chinese! We've ordered from them a few times and the general tso is excellent... not a big fan of the wonton soup - tasted off, somewhat greasy and the wontons in hot oil - I have no clue what that was but it certainly wasn't edible.
1	Worse chinese ive ever had and the owner is miserable. I have never in my life sent a plate back- I would rather eat something I hate then send it back.  However, the food was so bad that for the first time in my life I did.  I ordered the family style tofu.  The veggies were cold and the tofu had never touched a pan.  The tofu was so watery- it had not been pressed, it has not been fried, it had just been cut and put on my plate.  It had not even been seasoned.  It was just soy mush. BEFORE I was going to break my own rule, I asked each person at my table familar with the dish from other places to try it.  ALL OF THEM said it was wrong, gross, cold, horrible.  So I finally asked the lady if they could help me.  THE OWNER YELLED AT ME.  "It is fried, that is fried" I said, I am sorry but it is cold. She said fine I will take it and cook it better.  I know better then to have someone threaten me and then give them food to give back to me.  I actually don't believe people spit on food, but for the first time in my life- I didn't trust my waiter or the owner.  She was mean, and rude.  So she said- what do i want then? I guess you want some free food then! SHE SAID THAT TO ME- No i already paid for that, so I want something to eat.  Nothing has been free.  She handed me a menu and hovered over me for the entire time, and finally in a rush I just picked an appetizer.  Because I had already picked what i wanted, but it was horrible.  THEY CHARGED ME FOR THE MEAL- NOT THE APPETIZER- a big price difference.  I am a very shy person, and being verbally attacked as a customer was crossing the line.  I will never go back and I always tell my friends to avoid it.  As you can see from my reviews I NEVER rate things badly. I have decided a long time ago, to come on here and help restaurants that I want to do well, when they really do something well, get good reviews.  I keep my mouth shut if i actually don't like a place- I might have ordered badly, I might have misunderstood something.  I am not going to put anyone out of business.  but this place?  I hate it. Wish it would close.
2	I've had General Tso. Mehh... I've experienced so much better.
3	This is my go-to for local take-out or sit down Chinese. I have not tried their delivery because I live so close.  Better than Yen's/China Star or How Lee in my opinion. The food is consistently good. It's not a 5 star restaurant by any means but worth an extra dollar or two for the quality.As other reviewers have noted, if you go for sit down, you generally have the place to yourself.  For that reason, I like it for business lunch meetings big or small--assuming that you're not recruiting a CEO or something.
