5	I am so excited that Potomac Avenue is getting all the love it deserves. After Thai Spoon opened up and brought us awesome thai food to all, a frozen yogurt place is the perfect compliment. Lucky Cup is totally legit. It's very clean, bright, and has a ton of options for toppings, flavors, and more. This is going to be a frequent treat for me (terribly so), but I highly recommend a stop. They also accept multiple forms of payment (ie: plastic), because I never carry cash.
4	I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for this to open up in my hood! That sign "coming soon" was haunting me. I can happily say, it is now open! It's a frozen yogurt shop. Can you think of any frozen yogurt shop you've been to in the last couple years? Then that's pretty much what you get. Right down to the bored looking worker.With 12 different flavors like Raspberry, Cheesecake, Taro and Cake Batter (my fave!), you have a good amount of choices. The toppings are all on point as well. I'm happy to see brownies, cookie dough and chocolate sprinkles. See the type of person I am?? But there's also fruit, if you swing that "healthy" way:) The interior is adorable! Bright and shiny and new. I just think it's a fun atmosphere, and why wouldn't it be? It's a delicious treat! Like I said though, I thought it was a little odd the worker never even bothered to get off her phone while checking people out. Even when I tried to ask a question, she didn't even look up from her phone. But honestly, it's not surprising. I feel like I always see these workers looking bored and/or miserable. Also, you gotta watch your intake! What I mean is that they give you a massive bowl that you obviously want to fill to the brim with things. But if you do, fair warning you'll top off at around $5 for your treats! Oh well, it was worth it!
2	Lucky Cup is typical Froyo place.   Bright and with 12 flavors and lots of the usual toppings.  They did have a few fresh fruit toppings.  The yogurt favors I sampled were a bit off and bitter.   The one worker on duty didn't seem to want to communicate with us or answer any questions.
