1	Boo for you Budget!I rented a vehicle via Priceline for the Thanksgiving holiday.  Priceline guarantees the price which effectively means that Budget agreed to the price as a grand total.Well Budget had decided to rent all of the vehicles I had agreed to rent and instead of offering me a nicer vehicle at the same price they told me that I was going to have to pay $2 more per day.  Now I know what you are saying "Evey, $2 a day more is not a big deal" and if price were the heart of the matter I would agree with you completely; however, the real issue is that they knew I was coming, they had an agreement in place, they got rid of my car, forced me to rent a more expensive car, and it wasn't even an upgrade.I was supposed to have a 2010 Chevy Aveo or similar car; I received the 2011 Chevy Aveo.  That's not an upgrade.I had also used an upgrade code that my insurance company provided to me that Budget was supposed to honor.  The upgrade was from the economy car to the economy plus or whatever it's called.When I pointed out the issue and the verbiage on the contract I had printed out the manager dismissed everything I said.Frankly if I hadn't paid in advance for the car on Priceline I would have walked away and rented from another company.The one and only good thing about Budget at the airport - the shuttle service is fantastic as were the two drivers I had interactions with.
1	If you find yourself flying into Charlotte-Douglass International Airport and you need a rental car -- avoid Budget! Returned the rental this morning, told them we filled the tank and offered the receipt. They said "great but we don't need the receipt". Didn't realize until later that they charged us for the EZFuel service charge anyway. EZFuel? EZ for them to rip off tired and bleary eyed travelers at O'Dark-thirty by overcharging them! Oh yeah, good luck calling Budget customer service on Sunday. Budget Customer Service is only only open M-F. How convenient ... for them!
2	bumped up a star because they fixed their mistake and gave me a credit.
1	Fast Break? Not Exactly. Had to wait to get my car even though I'm a fast break member. Upon return nobody to receive car. SO I had to go inside. Very inconvenient to a frequent traveler.This is by far the worst rental car operation at Charlotte Airport.The facilities are not in great shape either.Although my bus driver on the way in was very helpful and friendly.
3	The rental car was not clean when we picked it up and it reeked of cigarette smoke.  We were in a rush so we didn't turn around to complain, but I hope no one else has to experience this.
5	No wait at all at 8am, nice service people and super clean and new Ford Escape. I could chose between two cars. Will book again!
2	This was my first time renting a car and I've always heard horror stories, but I'm not sure if my experience was more awful than usual or just average in comparison to others. In any case, it was not an easy transaction and I felt very confused both picking up and dropping off my vehicle.Booking online was easy both user wise and clarity wise. When we arrived to the Budget counter inside Charlotte airport, there were only two people in front of us who were already being helped. It took fifteen minutes for us to be helped next and an additional twenty minutes or so to finish our rental agreement and proceed to the shuttle that would take us to where they keep the vehicles. There was a lot of up selling involved and each time I declined the Budget employee made a sarcastic comment or disapprovingly said "okkaaay, if you're sure". We were promised an American model upon arrival but ended up agreeing to a Nissan Sentra so we could get out of there. We were handed our contract and told the car would be parked in front of the building the shuttle dropped us off at.The car wasn't there, nor was it located anywhere in the lot. We then had to reproceed waiting in line at the Budget location inside the lot, and when they got to us, they informed me that the contract we were given was very incomplete with missing data from the first employee who helped us that made it more difficult to get into a car immediately. They moved quickly and put us into a SUV upgrade which was a $300 value I would estimate from what I saw on the website. We were never told to inspect the vehicle for damage at any point and were never given an inspection sheet or handed our contract back. Being a newbie to car rentals, I didn't think about the contract but proceeded to inspect the vehicle for damage. There wasn't any, otherwise I would have addressed it before driving off, but I think it was sketchy and unfair not to be told to look for any thing. How can they hold renters accountable for damage when they aren't being given instruction prior to leaving? Couldn't a renter simply claim that Budget never advised them or gave them the inspection form and be free of responsibility? Seems risky for both Budget and the consumer either way.The vehicle was great, no complaints for the times we used it. No smells and noticeably clean inside.Upon returning, the attendant asked us for our contract which we did not have. She scanned the mileage and said "I can't check you in. Your mileage isn't right. You have to go inside" and that was that. She didn't explain what it meant, and moved on to the next car.We waited inside and explained why we were there. The gentleman checked it out and informed us the miles were way off. Obviously, my first thought is that without a contract copy they were documenting that the mileage was extravagantly too high for the time we had it which couldn't be true as we rarely drove it. It turns out that the person who upgraded us to the SUV documented the mileage wrong, as in too high, and when we returned it there were less miles than were possible, as if we drove in reverse Ferris Bueller style. After a few minutes, he was just like "You're fine." and gave me my final bill that was accurate.The best part was the shuttle service. The gentleman who helped us both times was super nice, courteous, smart, helpful and a great representative for this company. My experience overall doesn't make me feel loyal to Budget in anyway and I will give another rental car company a try since I'm not sure it can get much worse if we should need to again.
1	I have never been so appalled by a company. They keep charging my credit card with false charges. First they charged me per mile saying I drove 9000 miles. When I called about it (after multiple phone calls anx diiferent agents) they admitted to a broken odometer). They still tried to charge me for miles despite my contract saying 1000 were included. Then they agreed that was the case.  now I got a letter a month layer saying the car had a stain in the back and their charging 150 dollars for this. We didn't make any stains. So upset with this needless anxiety.
3	I was incredibly nervous, given my horrible experiences with rental car companies as of late... Turns out, it wasn't nearly as bad as I imagined it would be!The line was short (only one person ahead of me) and the clerk at the counter (Allen) worked quickly and courteously... I may have been inside for a total of 10 or 15 minutes... That includes the waiting and my own check-out...The return went just as smoothly... (I did take care to take a photo of the gas tank on F before we relinquished the car. Lesson learned, Avis!) They did an odometer check and we were all set... Less than 5 minutes to check back in... It was a decent experience...
3	I would recommend getting FastBreak. I booked with FastBreak and got to pick a car from 20 availble. Not too shabby. I picked a Kia Optima but the choices were Ford Focus a corolla, a challenger, and something else (Forgot). I was happy with the rental and price I paid. Upon returning I wasn't aware that to fill up the gas it was $33 so got charged that even though I didn't use too much gas. I always do a pretty good job in filling up the gas before returning the cars but since I was pressed for time I just skipped getting gas. You will need to take a shuttle from the airport to this rental center.
1	Isn't it amazing how "one bad apple" can spoil the whole bunch?! I had a bad experience with one employee at Budget at the Charlotte airport and now will NEVER rent from Budget again thanks to a bad attitude and inability to simply be nice. I don't enjoy writing negative reviews on any business but I hope some of my points will be well-received and considered by Budget to improve their customer service. Long story short, I was not pleased with the way I was treated by one employee in particular. In the time she spent talking over me, giving me bad nonverbal communication and trying to explain Budget's company policy about being slightly late (which would cost me an extra $166 for a mere 15-30 minutes), she could have smiled, been nice, helpful, understanding, gracious and focused on making me feel good about Budget. The company policy to charge someone $386 rather than $220 for a mere 20 minutes difference is totally absurd, by the way. Hints for Budget: 1) Focus on outstanding positive customer service and having everyone simply be nice, considerate, understanding and use the Golden Rule. 2) Teach employees that tone and body language toward customers makes a big difference and can be the difference in keeping or losing a customer. One split second of bad nonverbal communication can make or break a relationship with a customer. 3) Examine how much time it takes after printing an agreement, getting insurance information, obtaining signatures and conducting the walk-around of the car BEFORE customers actually have possession of the car and how many minutes it takes to wait in line to return a car as well. 4) Examine company policy about the grace period on returns and examine just how much is reasonable to charge for a late fee. I would submit that $386 rather $220 for a mere 20 minutes is unheard of, or should be unheard of, with any rental company. I'll be going back to Hertz where I'm treated nicely and I don't have to go through all these problems! One bad apple spoiled the whole bunch for me.
4	I must say that our experience with Budget at this airport was a pleasure. The person at the counter was extremely helpful as was the shuttle driver. We got the truck we wanted at a reasonable price and it was clean and easy to go with no wait. Checkout was a breeze and we were very satisfied with the whole process. I'd definitely recommend them.
