5	I'm going to keep this nice & simple, mac cosmetics is worth every penny & the staff here in awesome!!! if I could give 100 stars I would!!!!
5	I love MAC. This store is incredibly and the staff are never snooty and are always helpful.
4	MAC products are fabulous. The eye shadows have great color pay off and the brushes are fantastic, albeit on the expensive side. This is my favorite stand-alone MAC store in Vegas. As far as I know it is not a Pro store, but they do sometimes have certain Pro products. The MUAs are helpful and friendly, I love when the shop is slower (weekday afternoons) because they are more then happy to apply different products for you to see what you like. Unfortunately, the shop is on the smaller side. There have been times (usually on weekends) that the shop has gotten so crowded that I ended up leaving without making a purchase because I was tired of waiting.
3	I have a fierce Sephora addiction that I'd recently decided to supplement with MAC products because why not? I usually avoid MAC at department stores because it always looks so crowded, but on a Saturday evening at Town Square, I walked by this MAC store and it didn't look very busy so I went in.*sigh* Welp, I was less than impressed with a lot of things about this store. Even though it didn't LOOK busy, it certainly didn't feel that way when I was browsing. Basically, every tester for every product they sell is on one of four counters. All the testers are bunched together on these four counters; the lipsticks and the lip liners and glosses all packed closely together on one counter; face powders and foundations all packed together, etc. I suppose in writing, it seems as though this set-up makes sense. However, when you begin to imagine what it's like when there are 3+ customers trying to swatch eyeshadow on their hands-- it's just an extremely uncomfortable shopping experience. Customers are reaching over each other and bumping into each other; there are makeup smudges everywhere, broken lipsticks rolling on the ground... it's just a mess.Although, in all fairness-- there are just too many customers for the employees to follow around and clean up after.Oh, but speaking of too many customers-- It's unlikely that I'll ever return to this MAC store unless it's damn near empty. The employees who WEREN'T doing makeup were noticeably overwhelmed. They were scurrying around grabbing products for customers with frantic expressions on their faces. They ignored everyone they weren't helping at the time (none of that "I'll be with you in one moment" business!), and if a customer said, "excuse me", they would whip their heads around at them with wild exasperation on their faces. It's kind of funny when I think back on it, but at the time, I was like, "Really? Is this how you act every time your store gets a little busy?"  It was somewhat understandable as they were obviously outnumbered, but it was still curiously unprofessional considering they should probably be used to dealing with more than one customer at a time. It's hard to say if they were nice or rude or snooty or anything-- all I can say is that they were... umm, noticeably overwhelmed. And when comparing the employees and environment to Sephora-- it's like night and day. Even when Sephora is crowded, I am still able to have a pleasant shopping experience. But from my experience, I've gathered that when this MAC store had more than 9 or 10 customers inside-- it's a disaster.
4	Although the girl who helped us looked like she had a MAJOR tanning accident, she was sweet and knew what she was talking about. She was extremely attentive and didn't try to force any products onto us. She helped color match my mom and ended up doing all of her make-up and it looked AMAZING! 4-star rating because they took a while to help us. They seemed very under-staffed for a MAC store.
1	Worst customer service I've ever had Anywhere, ever... in my life...hands down!I anticipated this sort of tragedy would happen long before I even parked. I'm well versed in the usual rude demeanor at this location but at least they TRY to be empathetic to your cosmetic needs. As a MAC fan, I too TRY not to care about the service. But I do...we all do.Unfortunately, that's not always the case. Yesterday, I asked a familiar ass clown from my past MAC run-ins if he could help me with a foundation color. I showed him empty bottle of the color I use and like. I gave him ample info about what I want and don't and the level of coverage I needed. He walked away  from me the entire time I was explaining....only to get me the replacement of the empty bottle I showed him. When I started to REITERATE myself, he sighed and seemed annoyed that I was bothering him.Suffering through his tasteless, sarcastic looks was too much to say the least. Then he lied and said he was wearing studio fix but totally had NO MAKEUP ON AT ALL! Huh? How weird are you? This suffering lasted about 3 minutes. Did I mention he was also looking around me as if he was expecting someone....then he literally said "I'm really busy with a few clients today...yeeah really busy with 2 clients. " Horrid. Ridiculous. Went elsewhere :/
4	Makeup Candy Store for the Ladies!This MAC store is a Pro Shop - that is nice to have near by as I do not like to visit the Strip when I have a hankering for some new shades =)your constant companion,~deirdra
1	I have to say I've been going to this store since it opened and have had them ignore me as stated in the other reviews but I've also had wonderful service.  I think the problem is they are too busy of a store for the limited amount of staff they have working.  But I must say my last experience on October 27th was absolutely horrible!!!! I only by Mac I don't use any other make up and I've had my make up done many many times by Mac but never at this store.  I've had it done at the Macy's Fashion Show every time, I should have continued having it done there.  I had made an appointment for my friend and I at 4:00 we arrived 10 minuntes early and tried to check in but was ignored repeatedly.  We were even in line and the staff at the counter ignored us to take people behind us! VERY RUDE!! So we finally get checked in and told to wait, that they are a few minutes behind.  Okay no problem that's why I made my appointment so early so we didn't have to rush.  However I finally get seated with someone and introduced as the girl who was going to do my make up she asked what I wanted to do and I guess what I wanted was too boring or something because she walks off and 20 minutes later I am told some guy named Antonio will be doing my make up instead and the other girl got assigned to someone else.  Meantime when my friend gets checked in she's already scratched off the list because someone has taken her appointment and said they were her! You'd think they would of asked for verification of the phone number that made the appoinment which they write below your name.  So they seat my friend and she is introduced to the person doing her make up who goes and helps tons of other people check out instead of doing her make up just keeps walkin up to my friend telling her I'll be with you in a few minutes.  I'll be with you in a few minutes, I'll be right with you.  40 minutes later she finally starts her make up.  Meantime I'm getting my make up done and the guy is totally rushing and tells me he doesn't have time to do eyeliner and he doesn't spray it with the setting spray or even do any of the final touches that Mac is known for in their make up like the inside corners or any liner of any type on my eyes at all including the wet line.  I was extremely disappointed! I could have done the make up job he did on me! I do my make up the way he did on a daily basis I was hoping for the usually wonderful job I get at Mac at Macy's.  He was too busy to go to lunch I guess and was behind because he didn't start on me till 4:40 so I only got 20 mins of my appointment time I paid for.  I also had the same problem with him going off to help customers who were getting make up and things like that.  At Macy's they have set people doing make up and set people selling.  Make sense! and better customer service.  I have to say I'm seriously disappointed in my experience at this Mac and it's enough to turn me off to ever walking in that store again.  I am forwarding this to the Mac corporation also so they get this complaint also.  My friend was rushed through her appointment also and told that the lady didn't have time to do everything she wanted.  To get these appointments you have to spend at least $50 which we spent well over $100 so I don't understand the way we were treated.  I also can tell you why they were running so behind.  They were taking walk ins for make up appointments when that weekend is one of the busiest for getting make up done and we all make appointments at least a month ahead of time.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!! Don't get your make up done there!!!!!
4	I had a great experience in this store for their Marilyn debut. Met Joset, the GM, as well as some regional ladies. They won me over with their customer service and product. I enjoyed every bit of it!! Look forward to working with them more.
3	Employees are not the most helpful.  Always trying to sell more to you when you have clearly stated you dont want it or you dont want to pay that much for a product...Cant complain too much about the products themselves.  I prefer Sephora.......
2	MAC is my favorite brand, but the store at Town Square can go ahead and kiss my two cheeks... you know, the ones I sit one, no blush there.Every single time I go I get ignored.Why is it that the one in Galleria Mall can be so busy, yet the employees still take the time to ensure customers needs are met?Rough stuff.
3	Love the products, but the sales people were a little snobby, Especially the heavy women with the large tattoo on her back. Hey if I am going to pay $15.00 for a small eye shadow you who maybe makes that much an hour can be a little nicer.
5	Personally this is my favorite MAC in Vegas. with the best staff and a convenient location you cant ask for more. Stephanie does amazing makeup, shes done mine for a few occasions and i received numerous compliments. love this location.
1	I have never reviewed the LACK of service from a Mac store in my life...and to be a pro store just makes it worse. They seemed to be so fun and sweet when I had my "business attire" on a couple weeks ago, but have me just come from the gym and all of a sudden I get completely different treatment. Not only was the greeting less than genuine but the "person in charge"  did nothing to even make me believe she understood my frustration regarding a product. But only stated "well I use it too and it's never happened to me"...well hey there, it happened to me!!! Not coming back here unless ready for the stuffy, stuck up staff and wanna be manager....
1	I am a die-hard MAC loyalist. I love their make up and there have only been 2 occasions when I have gotten bad service. Once about 7 years ago, and once last Saturday (1012/13) My husband and I had some time to kill before dinner and I needed 2 items. I had the names of the products I needed and it would have been a super fast transaction.We weren't even greeted upon entering the store. There was an associate doing makeup on a customer, another associate helping 2 customers, and one gal behind the register dealing with a growing line. The place was buys. I get it, but I wasn't even acknowledged after saying "Excuse me" about 5 times.I'm not a pain in the a$$ customer, and I didn't make a fuss. I felt it was so rude to just be ignored. I wouldn't have minded waiting if I was at least acknowledged, but to be in there for more than 10 minutes without an acknowledgement is totally unacceptable.
5	I love this MAC store because of the great customer service, especially from Ana. I sooo believe in customer service. Since I've been going to MAC and had my make up done by so many other staff members that don't make me and my friends feel as welcome, comfortable, and special as Ana made us feel. She also teach us which no one really likes to do. Also, have patience. Its people like Ana that makes a company successful, because customers will keep wanting to come back again and again. I just got started with MAC make up in 7/2013 and my sister in law for 6 years and weve never seen anyone that does her make up, teaches, takes their time, and just gives u the service u need and pay for as Ana does. MAC isnt cheap and u can get it anywhere but when u have someone that treats u like a friend it makes ur experience fun and you would want to keep coming back especially bring friends to enjoy and learn how great MAC make up is no matter the cost. So thank u, Ana at MAC Town Square ur wonderful and the bomb at what u do. Keep being awesome.Thank you,Isis
5	I very much enjoyed my experience at MAC at Town Square the last time I went. I was greeted when I came in and helped by a woman maned Samantha. I am very vocal and picky when it comes to what I am looking for. Also whatever I end up getting, I need to see it applied first so that I know I will like it and that I know how to use it. She kindly assisted with both as she took her time and applied the makeup and made sure through each step I was happy with it. I ended up buying twice as much as I planned, but thats the point isn't it?! They really have some talented people there, and its a pro store which is perfect as well. Worth the drive.
2	I'm really not one to complain or write negative reviews unless the service was noticeably bad ... and my experience at the MAC store at Townsquare was one of those times. I went in there looking to buy some new lippies and blush. I wasn't greeted until at least 10 mins of me walking back and fourth from one side of the store to the other. There were a few girls getting their makeup done so I cut them a little slack. But even after I walked up to the counter and made eye-contact with one of the dark-haired gals, I smiled and everything .. she walked away! Didn't even ask if I'd been helped. Finally after circling the store a few times, one girl who was doing someone's makeup said they'd help me shortly. She asks another girl to help me and points me out .. and oh mannn.. THAT girl did not look like she wanted to help me at all! I don't think she smiled once or even acted interested in making a sale. HORRIBLE service. You'd think after seeing their other bad reviews here they'd clean up their act .. or hire new staff!
2	Was there for a half hour and was not attended Received a mediocre greet and was told I was to be helped but wasn't I left and never returned because they ask me to return later and I was like I come to purchase something and leave money and they were to busy a key tip don't turn down money hire more friendly reps
2	I came here on a Saturday for my appointment which was the product purchase of at least $50. I could have chosen the option to pay for a private back room session but the $50 would only be for the makeup application. Only problem was that your makeup artist could leave to help other customers which I was fine with since I wasn't in a rush. However, my appointment was for 11 and I was seated at 11 but my makeup artist was too busy helping others that I didn't get started till 1130. This was my first time at this MAC and probably my last. The makeup artist did not do a good job. I asked for fake eyelashes she cut one of them really short (2/3 of my eye) and the other (3/4). By that time I was aggravated and I had to go! I was in that chair for 1.5 hours and I did not like how I looked. I ended up hating the eyelashes, my foundation just looked horrible, and one of my eyes had more of a smokey eye on one side than the other! I still ended up buying products but not the products that she used. I would definitely try to research and get a MAC artist that is awesome not mediocre.
5	This is THE best MAC store in Vegas!  I have been shopping at this location for years and it by far surpasses any other location in the area!  Every time I walk in I am greeted my multiple artists and they always help me find the rights colors that I need.  They always know so much about what is in their products and which will fit my skin the best.  I don't know what I would do without this store!  Every time I go in everyone has such diverse makeup on it's amazing to see all this talent in one location!  I highly recommend Town Square for anyone in need of MAC cosmetics! These ladies and gentlemen are the best!!
5	Just had to write a review. Every time I come here to shop, everyone is very friendly, personable & helpful. Lots of staff to assist. Love their little shop in town square. And... Love their liquid foundation, powders and eye pencils!
4	I had my make up done tonight by Karolina for a Lady GaGa concert and it turned out AMAZING!!! She did such an amazing job and I was so impressed with the way it looked! She is extremely talented and exceed my every expectation. The only down fall was that the appointment started late, but I know that wasn't due to her because I watched management tell her at 4:15 (when my apt. was for 4:00) that I needed to be helped. I also didn't like how management rushed her in the end to finish up because they needed my "chair." The older asian woman (who I believe is a manager) came over after Karolina had been with me for 15 minutes and was like "are you going to be done in ten? I need this chair for a 5:00 apt" Well, if you look at my face and see only one eye done, she's probably not going to be finished.... Other than that I was very impressed with this MAC store. I have now been to Misty and Karolina for a make up application and I thought they both were excellent. Both times I looked amazing and my make up stayed on all night! I will be back to see either one of them!!
5	I would rate my experience here today 10 stars if I could! Christina did my makeup and it looked so, so pretty and was exactly what I wanted! She was very thorough and took the time to write down every product she used so that I could take the info with me for a wedding I'm in next month. Both Christina and Craig were so sweet and personable and it is obvious that they love what they do!
4	I've been a fan of this line of makeup for many years. It all started in high school & I wear it till this day. The down side is that two of my favorite lipsticks were discontinued & I'll never get them back in my life. First was Vibe & now Coconutty are gone. I wish this wasn't allowed because no other colors compare. The store is always is good condition & the ladies that work there are eager to play with colors on your face. I enjoy experimenting because you never know what'll look great on you unless you try it & I tend to stick with what I know. I love the face products especially the studio fix powder & the new celebrity lines are always fun to try out. I just purchased Rihanna's Frost & looking forward to rock it for a special occasion.
5	Came in for an appointment for my engagement photos. Here's the before and after. Thank you Obie for making me feel more beautiful than I ever have In my entire life
3	I've only been to this store on Saturday afternoons.  It's usually fairly crowded but enough staff where I've never had to wait more than a couple minutes.  I really only buy a couple items from their line nowadays so I go in knowing what I want. The main reason I trek to this store is their recycle program.  It's either this location or Ceaser's if you want to take advantage of their recycle program and have a choice between lipstick, lipglass or an eye shadow in return for six empty containers.  I did find on my last visit while browsing that items were a little disorganized and not where they were supposed to be.
5	First time here! We were a group of 4 with appointments, Karolina welcomed our group with a big smile. She went ahead and did my makeup. She did a great job of explaining what she was doing and why that product was great for my skin. I wanted to buy everything. I can't wait to come back, definitely coming back to Karolina. Great service and very patient. I highly recommend Karolina, not only was I can if my makeup but all the ladies and walk-ins
5	I guess diamonds are a girls best friend. But Mac make up comes in at being #2. This is some really great make up. Pricey but your girl will love it.
5	Thank you for saving my face!! Forgot my C3 compact and Sin lipstick at home and realized it after our huge dinner at Texas De Brazil when it was half eaten off hahahaa, the lovely manager helped me out and made me beautiful again! This is why I will always love, support, and wear MAC!!!
