4	I've been in to this shop about 4 times for various minor needs, all things that could be done on-site and that did not require a house call, but I can vouch that on every occasion service was courteous, competent, and fast, and I was never made to feel rushed.  They have also been patient and generous in sharing their knowledge when I had a number of questions that involved locks and security but that offered no business prospects for them.  Just this morning one of the staff worked up a quite a sweat removing an incredibly tough cable bike lock which required use of power tools in addition to some strenuous manual effort,  and would not accept a penny of payment.   On yet another more recent visit, they could have easily sold me a new car key with auto-lock transponder -thing - but went to fairly extensive effort to salvage mine, replace the battery with the one I had brought with me, and would not accept payment as I had supplied the battery, telling me "Just keep us in mind for future occasions."  .  If and when I have more extensive locksmith needs, I will go back to Downtown Locksmith on the east side of 7th Ave, just south of Roosevelt. I also like that they have been in business a long time in Phoenix and that they have a storefront location as opposed to the wandering mobile smithies of no fixed location or reputation.
4	Josh came and unlocked my car in 20 minutes. He was super nice and professional. If your in the downtown area, i would highly recommend!
5	I live in a 3rd. generation, 1928 Historic home and with all credit due to Downtown locksmith I was able to keep and repair the orgiinal lock AND door, not replace.. which 2 other locksmith requested. With a fraction of the price, all characteristics were still in place! Phewww! I set the appt. the evening before, they were at my front door the time scheduled, lock was immediately fixed and the locksmith was very courteous to fix minor things he noticed wrong with my door jam as well. I will recommend any and every one in the historical homes and businesses to use Downtown locksmith for service, it's not easy living in such a older home and calling on anyone to fix, their 1st. suggestion is always to replace (easier for them/expensive for you) glad I found them!
5	Old world service in a new location!  Got a duplicate key made for my BMW motorcycle.  It was done professionally, efficiently, and less than half of what the dealership charged.  It's so refreshing to get service, and feel that you've gotten a great deal.  In such a cut throat business as locksmithing, I truly hope these folks maintain their integrity.
5	I really appreciated how quickly these guys came over to rekey our locks after a burglary. Our house was robbed last night, and not until the middle of today did I realize that a bag with my house key was among the items stolen. I called Downtown Locksmith and explained the situation and the locksmiths were at my house in 10 minutes. Thank you for easing my mind and doing a nice job on the locks!
5	I needed a skeleton key for an old desk, and they made me a custom one on the spot when their large collection of skeleton keys didn't fit. Amazing customer service!
