4	My review is for their carne asada fries. This is the only reason why I come here. They serve it in large portions with heaping amount of carne asada and it's so GOOD. The staff is usually nice. I think they probably look confused because their english is limited. I've also tried their fish tacos, carne asada burrito and tacos. The fish taco was not good at all. No flavor. The carne asada burrito was a 6/10. I've had better and same goes for the tacos.
4	Ill say its Delicious. Ordered a Carne Asada Burrito. Its a little pricier than other locations. It came out fast and fresh. The Carne Asada was fresh and moist. I got it loaded with Guac and Pico De Gallo. The Staff was friendly and speak good english so no worries with a language barrier. The Menu is expansive with Breakfast,And Lunch/Dinner items. Nice Seating area. And The restuarant is spotless which is always a good indication of how the food will taste.
4	Yummmmm !
4	A hole in the wall taco shop on the east side, but they're open 24 hours and the food is goo, hot, fast, and relatively inexpensive.  Great place for Taco Tuesday.
4	Open 24 hours fresh hot Mexican food. Good flavor good portions. Bit pricey but great friendly service
5	This is our go-to place for carnitas.  The night cook is a bit better than the day cook.  The ladies at the register are always nice and smiley.  Burritos and torta are nice and big.  Tacos are filling and tasty.  Prices are great.
1	The food is good but every time my wife orders extra wet she never gets it! They also forgot her churro last time and when I returned the cook called me a liar and said we didn't order it. Cashier had pulled up my order receipt to prove it. We use to order twice a week. They no longer have our business. The cashier also put her arm up to her elbow in the horchata. Gross!!!!! No more Viva for us!
4	Real Mexican Fast Food! It was really good but still not as good as Plaza Mexico in Eastpointe, Michigan. I got a burrito and rice. The people were nice. I bought 4 25 cent mustaches from the toy coin machine. Hit the spot.
2	My wife and I have eaten here several times before, and each time previous the food was fast, cheap, and delicious. Sure, it's named differently but anyone who is anyone in Vegas knows it's the exact same food and menu as a Roberto's.That's not my issue, however.My problem is the last two times we went, it was late at night since my wife works a late swing shift. I'm not sure how the training works for these franchises, but aside from the questionable customer service, I can assume proper food handling and safety is not a part of the training and I will explain why based on what I saw with my own eyes.We go in to order, and the cook, who was also working the register, was busy taking care of a big order before us. He pauses to take our order, without ringing us up and continues to finish the order before us. After 10-15 minutes since we entered, he finished the first order and continues to work on ours. Shortly after, he finishes our food and comes to cash us out. We went to pay with card but he told us he didn't know how to work the register or the card machine. He suggested us returning the next day to pay, which was a bit off to us both.Now I mentioned questionable customer service, and it honestly can be overlooked if it wasn't for the fact that while he was working on our food, he was not wearing gloves, and he had open cuts on his hand which were bleeding as he was making our food and touching the register(and believe me when I say these cuts were deep enough to visibly see the blood) . It completely made us both sick to our stomachs and we had to leave.We don't want to go back there knowing someone is bleeding all over our food, it's just unfortunate since the times we ate there previously everything was good, which is why Im giving a fair 2 stars out of 5.
1	This place is not good. Tacos el gordo is better, I do better tacos, my lunch lady in Mansfield Mass in 1995 did better tacos. I would really have to order Tacos el Gordo and then take it into this place, make an identical order and really eat slowly , a little bit of each and find out what this place is missing. I'm not even going to read the other reviews on here, cuz I just don't see the 3.5 star rating....don't go here, try Rubalcabas down the road or Tacos El Gordo ! Don't eat here. You'll be fine without this place.
4	Wet bean burrito is delicious. Tables are always sticky. Coke products. Staff is friendly.
4	This taco shop is right around the corner from our house. We always go there to grab food when we want something quick and affordable. I do not eat meat so I always get their shrimp burrito and it is really delicious.
