4	Grilled chicken burro. Was great.  Keep the ice tea coming.  I usually go there for lunch as they have a $6.99 lunch menu with drink.  6 months out of the year you can enjoy there large patio and get some fresh air.  The lunch menu comes out quick, lots of great flavors and they keep the chips and salsa coming.  If you are ever in Gold Canyon area give them a try.
5	It would be great anywhere in the valley. For gold canyon...its the best they got! Attentive service, and the salsa is amazing! Pretty coll atmosphere as well.
3	Short version: it was busy (the place was packed), the food wasn't terribly special, and the service was slow.  I had the steak/chicken fajitas  and my wife had the #6 (taco, tostada, enchilada).  Both meals were skimpy on the rice and beans; my wife complained about their 'fart water's tea and all 3 of her items were skimpy versions of what she was expecting; mine was ok but I've had way better at other places like Nandos.  It wasn't absolutely horrible but I don't think we will be back.
4	Great little Mexican grill with indoors and outside seating.  Staff was very attentive and food absolutely delicious .... except we didn't like the salsa -- way too hot.  Their bean dip was fantastic as were the enchiladas and tacos.  Love the place and will definitely return.
5	Always has been our "home base" for a relaxing and wonderful place to eat.  much good food...good drinks, and the best staff you could ask for!  They even catered our first daughter's wedding a few years ago.Don't miss this "GEM"... that is "slightly hidden" in Gold Canyon!!  (but yet right on the 60 going east of Phoenix)...  Amazing patio with view as well.
5	We had a delicious lunch on the patio there today.......delightful patio and great value for lunch.    Highly recommended.
5	My partner and I have been going to this place for years. We love it! There isn't any where else more decent to eat in Gold Canyon (we are not golfing resort dining fans) than this. The staff are always attentive. Even if we are away in the summer from the valley, the staff know what we want to order when we return. I love the small quiet ambience, no one fusses, it has just the best refried beans I've ever tasted. The lunch menu is a bit limited but if you know what you like, you won't mind. It's pretty, nice in or out and the prices can't be beat.
4	We went here for our 2nd anniversary.... We were staying at gold canyon and so this was a great close option... Food was good... We had the shrimp fajitas and burrito. Service was wonderful and they have a nice patio with some old growth trees and they had some twinkle lights when it got darker. Good chips, salsa and guacamole. Overall a great option for the area.
5	Stopped in for lunch.  Nice little bar with great variety of beers and margaritas.  More patio seating than inside seating.  As far as lunch, the chips and salsa were ok.  Wife had the carne asada tacos which were very good.  I had the chili verde burrito.  Burrito was great!!  Perfect amount of meat with great flavor and a awesome spiciness to the green sauce.  This is a must try little "hole in the wall"!!  Next time stopping in for dinner on the patio.
5	We visited De La Cruz a few weeks ago, almost by accident. I had been passing through Gold Canyon and decided to grab lunch in the area. I noticed De La Cruz hidden at the end of the little strip mall. Being a sucker for a hidden gem or little dive I had to know about De La Cruz so we headed over at dinner time. Our first impression was that the service was incredible. We were seated outside on a quaint little patio and greeted by our waiter who turned out to be the manager who has worked there for over 10 years. He told us about the great happy hour options and was well versed on the menu and willing to make suggestions without being pushy. We were anxious to see if the great service and lovely setting would be followed up with delicious food, and it WAS! Being a latino/american family it was a WIN/WIN/WIN for us and De La Cruz has risen to the place of 'favorite mexican restaurant'!Please keep it up De La Cruz!! I want to keep this secret to myself so we don't have to wait for a table, but everyone needs to know:)
3	Average at best and over priced.  Clean, warm and friendly atmosphere.  VERY interesting choice of art work , Not that there's anything wrong with it.  Waiter staff is very nice and friendly.  The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't authentic or worth the price. Refiried beans were watery and prolly rehydrated, nothing special.  Chips were packaged and to thick for my liking.  Margarita's were great. I can't say anything bad about the place but on the other hand, I can't really say anything good about it.  I won't go back for the food, but I'd love to go back on a weekend and have a margarita on the patio.  It just looks like the kind of place that would be very festive and gay!
4	I have been in Phoenix for a week and thus have eaten a lot of Mexican food. This place was one of the best. Great tortillas and nice mole. It's one of few options in the area, so it's nice to know that it's actually a solid little restaurant. They have a nice patio, I would eagerly go back to sit on the patio, relax, and eat their amazing tortillas. I wasn't crazy about the beans but they were really the only element I didn't care for.
2	Four of us went to dinner here last night.  We've all been there 4 or 5 times before and enjoyed the place.  Not last night.  Positives first:  the food was still great as it has always been.  We all had burritos, some chicken, some beef, some green sauce and some red sauce,  We all said the food was fine.  Unfortunately, they have cut back there beer selections to primarily mass produced Mexican beer.  They used to have two or three good craft beers like Oscar Blues, O'dells, etc.  The service was not good at all.  We all marvel led at the fact that there were 8 or 10 wait staff walking around and yet the service was terrible.  At one point my friend had to go looking for our waiter who failed to bring a drink that had been ordered 15 or 20 minutes earlier.  He found the waiter leaning on the service window waiting for and order to come up.  I understand that they were busy but that's no excuse for that kind of service.  I would still like this place if they would improve the beer selection and the service.
1	I tried this restaurant due to it's proximity to hiking in the Superstitions.  We stopped by after a hike.  The only positive that I have is that the place looks nice and has a nice patio with a waterfall.  I ordered a green chili burro and my wife ordered beef tamales.  Several minutes after I placed my order the waiter came back to tell me they were out of green chili.  No biggie here but at a good restaurant I would expect the waiters to know if they were out of something this basic before the order went in.  I changed my order to green corn tamales.  When the waiter brought the order out he could not tell which plate had the beef tamales and which were green corn.  He takes the plates away for about 5 minutes to figure it out.  So we were teased with a preview of our meal only to be left hungry for 5 more minutes.  When he brought the plates back we discovered that they were both beef tamales.  I tasted one and it was hard, salty and not at all like any tamale I had ever had.  He took my plate and re-order my tamales.  It took too long for the re-order to come out.  My wife was pretty much finished by the time I got my plate.  She was disappointed in her meal but to starved to hold back from eating it.My green corn tamales were better than the beef tamales but not good.  They smothered them with cheese and drenched the plate in a runny sauce.  The rice tasted like rice and tomato sauce and the beans were just straight up nasty.  I could not eat more than one bite.As starving as I was from the hike I could not come close to finishing the plate.  I left still hungry.The waiter, although friendly, did not offer any amends to the lack of green chili or the tamale mix-up.  I'll never go back to this place.  Overall this was the worst restaurant experience I have had in a long time.
3	Worth a stop for quick refreshment & meal. Solid restaurant with easy access from the 60 vic Gold Canyon. Entrees sit around $11 +\- $2 with complete selection of Mexican beer to complement.What's notable - shrimp (taco, burrito or fried). Fajita's also score high. Flavorful salsaWhat's not - flan. If your expecting a small delicate dome shaped custard with carmel sauce you be disappointed ... Served like pie with crust and whipped cream.
3	The outdoor patio area is very charming and the restaurant is very clean and well decorated. The food was alright, I prefer the Mangoes location on Main St. in Mesa over this one. We ordered a bean dip, bean tostada plate and cheese enchiladas. I would go back if I was passing through.
5	I love this place and the lunch deals are great. Service is good. People are great. Outdoor seating with fountains and fireplaces. It feels terrific!!!
4	Yummm! Food is great and happy hour starts at 3pm!:)
1	We stopped in for dinner last night after a long day of hiking in the Superstition Mountains. Needless to say, we were very hungry and looking forward to our dinner.What a disappointment! I started off with the house margarita... and regretted my decision immediately. It tasted like salty dishwater! I'm not kidding! There was actually a faint soapy taste once you got past the overwhelming blast of salt! I didn't taste anything that even reminded me of a good margarita. I used to work as a bartender, so I believe I know what a decent one should taste like. Strike one.Then my food arrived. I ordered the chicken enchilada plate (For $14)... and it arrived with two tiny enchiladas, and a small amount of rice and beans. While the flavor wasn't bad, it was certainly nothing to write home about. The enchiladas were about 2/3 full of a very salty chicken blend, and covered with a bland verde sauce. I ate them only because I was so hungry by the time the food arrived. I don't know if the kitchen was running out of food or if they are just that cheap! Either way, it left me very unsatisfied. I wish I had gone to the Basha's grocery store next door and bought my own food to prepare at home!Overall, I would advise others to avoid this restaurant! There are too many other choices in the area that will not allow you to leave hungry and unhappy!
2	I am back in Phoenix visiting for the week and was excited to have some good Mexican food again. Well this wasn't it!!! I ordered a house margarita and it was AWFUL! all sour mix and no tequila. Just bad. The chips they served with salsa were on the soggy side with little flavor. Reminded me of the crunchy noodles you put into wonton soup. I had the taco salad. So very not exciting. The shell was soggy. The shredded beef lacked flavor. Skimped on the sour cream. Not very good.The worst part was our waiter! He was a very snide nasty son of biscuit!!!! we used a restaurant.com gift certificate for our meal. He then very rudely to.d us we couldn't use it for lunch. NO where on the certificate did it indicate this. We asked him to show us, and he couldn't. Then he said he would accept it "this one time", and it was going to have to come out of his pocket. To bleeping bad. Cry to restaurant.com. Not my problemo.Also...try finding this place....not easy. It's in the far back corner of a Bashas supermarket strip shopping center.
5	Had a coupon for this out of the way restaurant and were so glad we went.Happy Hour prices were low which added to the experience.We had the Fried Shrimp appetizer and it was so good that I had to stop my husband from ordering another. It's presentation was amazing and the butterflyed shrimp were exquisite.I had enchiladas which were home made and my husband had the Pollo Asada. Both were wonderful.If anyone is looking for a newer, excellent Mexican restaurant, try this! You won't be disappointed.
5	We had a very good dinner here in a lovely outdoor setting.  I was a little put off at first because it seemed really crowded and was hard for my Dad to get to the table with his walker.  Also the table was dirty - I wasn't sure if it was 'bird doo' or food from the previous guests.  I quickly overcame those first impressions as we had good service, great drinks and a very good dinner.
3	I haven't been back since 11/13. The service had always been excellent. Salsa is good, but they would be better off buying the tortilla chips from the store and serving those. The patio can be fun during the season. Drink and food prices are fair. They're local so if we're not in the mood to drive, it works (lately we've driven to get our Mexican food fix). Definitely would have been a 4 or 4.5 had it not been for those bad chips....
1	Our last time here! We are Gold Canyon residents and want to support local businesses. We used to come here but stopped because of inconsistency.  Friends said they improved. First time back about a year ago wasn't bad, but the next two times the enchilada sauce was like colored water and had no taste!  So this time I tried the tamale - dry seemed like a few days old. Food was hardly warm. My husband had the steak -- gave me a bite and it was nasty!  Our friend ordered the guac. and my husband thought it tasted bad so didn't eat it. Turns our all three of them are sick this morning. He gave them some of his steak and they all ate it. I thought it was rancid! And maybe it was. That's it for De La Cruz!!!
1	Maybe they should close for a couple weeks and do a major deep clean, both inside and out!  Even the menus were stuck together!
4	As members of the country club at Gold Canyon, there's not many options when it comes to dining at local restaurants within the region.  We decided to try dinner at De La Cruz following a glowing compliment from golf partner.  At first I was a bit put off by the setting of the restaurant, as it seems to be a part of the local strip mall.  But we decided to give it a shot, which turned out to be a great decision.  The restaurant contains an indoor bar and patio seating, illuminated at night by the dancing flames of a firepit.The salsa at first seemed mild, but it possessed a pleasant kick and a sweet taste that combined very nicely. As an entree, I chose the carne asada.  The steak was seasoned excellently and had a wonderfully taste, and was much larger and thicker in size than the average serving at other restaurants.  The refried beans were a noticeably bland, but the rice was quite flavorful, and the pico de gallo had a very strong bite to it.Overall, I was very surprised by this local business, as it possessed delectable dishes and hearty portions, as well as a scenic outdoor setting.  This is a restaurant that I hope to visit several more times before my vacation in Arizona comes to an end.
5	Love this local favorite.   Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Food is great and reasonably priced.
