4	This is the spot you hit before you go to Heinz hall for the symphony.  I've only ever eaten one entree here, but that's only because I kept getting it every time I came here.  I forget the name, but it's trout that's stuffed with lump crabmeat on one side, oyster's Rockafeller on the other, and all topped off with a white wine cream sauce.  That plus 2 glasses of wine and you may fall asleep during your Rachmanonov.
3	This is an upscaled restaurant with very nice decor and and the waiters were very professional.  I wanted to try the Trout stuffed with crabmeat and oysters rockerfeller, but they didn't have any trout available.  I ordered the seafood lingiuni with fresh mussels, clams, scallops and shrimp with the tomato basil sauce, and it was very good ($22).  I was delighted to hear it that all their seafood items are fresh.  My husband ordered their antipasta salad and it was a very large portion ($14.95).  He thought he was ordering a traditional antipasta, but got something else.  Everything was fresh and I tried it and thought it was good, but he wasn't as happy with his dish.We ordered the Tiramisu for dessert at $6.95 and it was very good.I would recommend this restaurant, it's a bit pricey, but the food and service was good.
3	The two times I've dined here have been after attending an opera at The Benedum. The first time my dinner (osso buco) was fantastic, but my wife's was not (stuffed trout - WAY too much almonds). But, the same night Burt Bacharach was performing at Heinz Hall across the street, and he happened to be having his after-performance meal at the same time. We didn't bug him for an autograph, but we got to hear him giving a speech to his dinner guests (looked like his backup band, with some family?).The second time we ate here both our meals were less-than-decent. My wife complained that her aglio e olio pasta dinner tasted barely seasoned (watery). The waitress' response? "Well, maybe it's because of the time of night." WTF?! I guess that means, you only get decent food if you come early to the place. I would have given a lower rating, but, hey, BURT BACHARACH!
3	In the heart of the theater district. I have been here twice, once in 2002 and this evening. I sat at the bar. They have two lcd TV's, nice wine selection. I didn't order anything.  Menu is very expansive. Soups, salads, beef , pasta and chicken/veal dishes.I had a salad to start. Nothing to fancy.  I expected more. My entree was chicken Marsala and mashed potato's. Chicken Marsala was good but very small.  Tender and tasty. The mashed was unsalted and not up to temperature. The service was ok, not what you would expect from sitting at the bar. The ravioli looked awesome as did the soup.I would go back but try pasta.
4	The decore is a little dated, but this is a classic restaurant with good quality food and fine service. We arrived and had a group of five, and I had just called ahead not ten minutes before - and they said they'd hold the table until we go there. We were seated immediately, and I got a dry Chianti to start with a lovely pumpernickel bread slice and fresh butter. I was ready, and so were they. A lovely cup of mushroom cream soup followed,  and was then itself followed by a nice mixed green (no iceburg lettuce)  salad with a good blue cheese dressing. Both were outstanding.Well, I went with the Chicken Marsala, and I wasn't disappointed. Good flavor and a good texture. The carrots I ordered as a side arrived cold, but I was so pleased with the chicken - I didn't care. We followed the meal with a coffee and their version of a very rich ice cream roll... my companions got the Tarimisu... and the waiter called it the best in town... guesing from my companion's compliments on the Tarimisu... they were right.Bottom line: Excellent service, good prices, excellent food, and a very nice place to eat before the theater or a show on Penn Ave. The  mushroom soup and the Tarimisu are highly recommended!
2	I went to this restaurant because my Dad and stepmom had previously dined there a few years ago and said it was really good.  Well, either I hit this place on an off night or the food quality has done downhill over the last few years.  I sat at the bar and ordered a glass of Pinot Noir and the chicken parmigiana.  It came with a mixed green salad with balsamic vinaigrette that was pretty tasteless.  The chicken parmigiana was just okay.  Nothing standout, and dare I say, Olive Garden has a better chicken parmigiana.  The entree came with a side of ziti that was decent, but nothing special.  I was shocked when the bill came...$34 before tip.  The wine was $8 so the chicken parm cost $26?  Never again.  The food is drastically over-priced for the quality you get.  I won't go back.
4	We called the restaurant to see if 16 out-of-town diners could get in on a cold (18 degree) night for a 6 PM Dinner.  We were told to make it 6:30 PM and we were in!  We discovered why when we approached the Restaurant (walking in this cold for a So. Cal. resident) was absolute torture, but worth ever shiver after tasting the food!  The area it is in is the theatre district, so everyone was headed to a show after dinner.  As a result we pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves.  So yes, service was excellent.Now for what we really want to hear about - THE FOOD!  I had the absolute pleasure of having a Real Caesar Salad with anchovies, that was made with a real Caesar Dressing and extra anchovies over the top.  It was an absolutely delicious Caesar better than any I have had in years.  I ordered the Chicken Marsala, which was delightful and perfectly cooked.  Other winning dishes at the table included: Broiled Seafood Platter with Lobster Tail, Scallops, Oysters Rockefeller, Stuffed Clams, Stuffed Shrimp, and Filet of Sole.  Yes that is a lot of food and can easily be shared by two.  Other noteworthy dishes included: Brolied Sea Bass, and Broiled Jumbo Sea Scallops (and it is a large portion).  An absolute must for dessert is the Tiramisu which sent many fellow diners into a bit of a taste bud orgasm.  Great Service, nice atmosphere and delicious food.  Also kudos to the wait staff that was very accomodating with people splitting dishes and altering food recipes to please a Vegetarian Diner.  The website is www.bravofranco.com and menus are available online.
1	Had dinner there on Monday before the Tony Bourdain show. Wanted to sit at bar just for a quick drink and bite to eat. Was pushed to take a table. Service was awful. 15 mins before we got our bottle of wine, 20 mins to get our pasty shrimp bisque, 40 for our entree - which was over cooked seafood pasta. You couldn't even chew the scallops. The $10 Ceaser salad was just romaine ribs with a scant amount of dressing. I now know why we haven't eaten there for over 15 years. What a waste. We actually left Sonoma to give this place another try. Stupid! It was an insult that we actually ate a place like that and then attended the Bourdain show.
1	Imagine those restaurants that you went to when you were a kid with your family.  Where you were forced to be dressed up and try to act like an adult.  Because the grandparents decided the restaurant, it probably had its hay day about 40 years ago and hasnt changed a thing since.  They still remember it as having great food and a wonderful atmosphere.  These are the memories I get at Bravo Franco and I didnt even grow up in Pittsburgh.  Unfortunately, the hay day of Bravo Franco seemed to have passed, if it was ever there, a long time ago.  The service was decent which is its lone bright point.  The food just wasnt very tasty.  The Snapper special was swimming.  The veal looked tough.  The Cappucino was watery.  Trying to find a bright spot on this one.
2	Excellent Service, Horrible Food! Plus to many "Hidden Add-on" to the check! Sauce for my Calamari, extra without informing! Parents Zucchini Strips sauce, extra! Blue Cheese for Salad, extra, etc!!! I ordered Lobster Ravioli, and it looked and tasted like plan cheese Ravioli. I forget to check the check to see if it was a mistake in the waiter placing the Order or they sent the wrong dish!!!
3	Came here craving for pastas, but my fettuccine alfredo was dry. Service is good though. And they serve big servings, and since I can't finish a full serving, they offer half servings, which is nice for half the price.
1	What a shame that such a terrible resturant is located in such a prime space downtown.  I feel bad that out of towners who come to see shows at the Byham, Benedum ..etc even have such a horrible resturant near by. I went early in the day and had a portobello mushroom burger and fries. My fries were served ice cold and the portobello was slimey.  It was so bad that it turned me off from ever eating portobellos again.  I am still recoverying fromr this meal.My bus stop is located right across the street from Bravo Franco, so every night I am reminded or what a digusting meal I ate there.Also their POS machine adds a giant hold to your purchase for example bill was $13.00 but shown online as $53.00(it post for the correct amount however)I went back to question the manager about this. To which they replied. "This is your bank doing this."What a pathetic  lie...little did they know that I am employed at the bank that they were attempting to place the blame on.  Most like other people instead of complaining to the managment I just silently will never eat there again. Clean it up Bravo Franco. Move out and let some one else who cares about food open up shop.
4	Everything was delicious especially the ravioli. If I am ever in Pittsburgh again I will definitely be eating here.
2	Ate at Bravo Franco before seeing a play at the Public theater.When I go to a restaurant I want the food to be better than what we can make at home. That's not what happened.  Watery salad, dry mashed potatoes, disappointing pasta, et cetera.  The service was fair, not engaging or happy.  I wish we would have looked at yelp before we went to this restaurant.
2	The blackened shrimp appetizer was pretty tasty. The shrimp bisque was delicious. The fettuccine alfredo was a bit bland, and the chicken on top was bone dry. The filet mignon came out well done instead of medium, but the server was very gracious about having it redone. However, the replacement filet was absolutely rare (although it was very flavorful).The decor and atmosphere is a bit dated (muzak and all), but it's not totally unpleasant. The service is generally pretty nice. There's a bit of a summer fruit fly problem.Altogether, although the service is nice, the food quality varies too much for what you have to pay. Wouldn't recommend it.
2	Food was average.  Service was average.  I did not trust them to be careful about my food sensitivities (gluten and dairy).  Bread was cold.  Wine was forgotten.  When we arrived, a waitress seated us.  About fifteen minutes later, a haughty maitre d' came to our table and in a tone of "I can't *believe* that they let you in here!", said, "Ladies, I will have to take your coats or you can put them on.  We do not allow coats hung over chairs in the dining room."  Would certainly have been been more graceful if they had told us when they seated us....
1	Never have we been to an establishment that had such an air of pretentiousness. Rude and unwelcoming from the moment we walked in the door, the place was completely empty, yet the hostess sat in a chair on the phone for nearly five minutes while we stood there and every staff member that walked by advised the hostess would help us shortly. Eventually, the woman looked up from the phone, and without ending the conversation told us she could seat us if we agreed to "give up" our seats by 6:05 (time was 3:45). This was the beginning of a most unpleasant dining experience. While the food was actually very good (other than a ground bay leaf in one of the pasta dishes), the waiter was extremely rude, never making eye contract, nose up, and as if he did not have the time of day (in a completely empty restaurant) for us. Plates picked up without asking if we were done, NEVER a smile, and truly one of the most unpleasant dining experience any of us in our party of six has ever had. I would advise any one looking for a welcoming and comfortable dining experience do everything possible to avoid this place.
2	Just ok.
2	Six of us dined prior to seeing Celtic Women last night.  Very disappointing, very!  Made our reservation 2 weeks prior to going to Bravo Franco.  Hostess wanted to seat 6 of us at a bar window!  Portions were ridiculously small on the Virginia Spots, three meals should have equaled one.  Mentioned this to the waitress and she did nothing to rectify.  Bread pudding dessert was not good.  Taste was bland and service mediocre.  Will not be going back, ever!
2	Good food poor service and attitude from the staff. Came here with a group at 9 pm on a night of shows and the restaurant closed at 11. The owner kindly welcomed us on and sat us, we were coming from an alumni event for our college and had some friends straggling behind. The waitress started off kind and took our drink orders. She then proceeded to tell us at 915 that our friends needed to hurry up because the owner needed them to place the order. I told her they were on their way and would be here shortly. I kept seeing her from the register looking over at us with a scowl and then screamed across the dining room to me that they needed to hurry up and get here. I explained to her I had placed the food order with another waitress. When she came back over with our salads, my friend asked her if we were a burden to her and she said no but the owner wanted to shut the burners off. I said I work at a bank in customer service and even if a person comes in before closing time we accommodate their needs and I questioned as to why they were turning the burners off at 930 when they closed at 11. After that discussion with the waitress she became evil, her responses were short and nasty, then she sent another waitress over to finish off our table. Our food was basically dropped in front of us, no one ever asked throughout our meal if everything was ok or if we needs anything else. The food came out so quickly as well that I questioned whether or not it was freshly made to order. The owner came over to apologize and said she would accommodate us. Our waitress then was telling all the restaurant staff members about our table and said some pretty nasty things which I could hear and see her doing from my seat. So unprofessional. This is the type of place that has staff members who would spit in your food and don't have a solid management structure to guide them. Disappointing experience
1	I recently went here with a group of friends. The atmosphere feels like somewhere you would go with your grandparents and hasn't been updated in 20 years. The waitress was very kind at first and gladly offered to do separate checks. At the end of our dinner she gave us separate checks with an attitude and said she would never do that again... Well why did you gladly offer in the first place. I felt like our presence their was an annoyance to the employees which made a bad experience for me. I got the Chicken Romano and it was the worst chicken I've had in a very long time. It had no flavor and tasted like they took chicken breast, put flour on it, and fried it without a single seasoning. The green beans I got were hard and half were overgrown with the pods popping out. I understand you're going to pay higher prices downtown but for $19.99, I could've gone to KFC and had a better experience and better meal. It was so bland and gross that I couldn't finish the chicken and I went to McDonalds after and I won't be going back.
2	This was my first time trying this restaurant... Hate to say I was very disappointed when I received my main dish: chicken Romano. I cut it in half to see the entire inside was completely raw! I sent it back and they fixed it but I have to say I completely lost my appetite after seeing that. Completely inexcusable.
4	Four of us for holiday lunch. Sat at the bar by choice. Jared did a great job of service and very friendly. Ordered most of the apps and all were great. Stuffed hot peppers with cheese are simply the best. Mussels very acceptable. Calamari both ways right on and zucchini also great. Eggplant and pasta for mains and all in attendance very happy. I recommend for anyone.
3	Where do I start. Well there is good and not-so-good at Bravo Franco Ristorante.The location is perfectly situated in the cultural district and very convenient. They seem to have squeezed in as many tables as is physically possible so it is cramped and noisy. The tables on either side of us were so close that waitress couldn't get to them and was passing food around. Normal-sized people had difficulty passing tables to head to the restroom. The decor is a bit dated and it has an old-school feel to it, but that is not a big deal.  Two stars for the restaurant.The service. Well, first is that they take your coat whether you want them to or not. Our waitress was a bit grumpy, impatient, and seemed like she really needed a change of career. She was almost combative when the wife asked about which she could eat with her gluten allergy and it was only when she handed me the check that she made an effort to be friendly. She also kept putting her hand on my shoulder and calling me "hon" which seemed really awkward being that she was so grumpy. They seemed a bit understaffed.  Two stars for service.Now to the food. There were a lot of selections, although none were vegetarian. The salad greens were perfect and the clam chowder was well prepared and not overly salty as is common at many places. My linguini with red clam sauce was wonderful but a bit overpriced at $18.95. The wife had gluten-free pasta with tomato basil sauce and, despite the difficulties with the ordering gluten free food, she was pleased with the dish. The homemade tiramisu worked and the coffee was  a nice mild Italian roast. All-in-all the food was 4 stars.I would not go to this restaurant if you want to be able to carry on a conversation, have food allergies, are claustrophobic, have small children, or are on a tight budget. But if you have tickets to a nearby show and want some good Italian food this might be a good choice.
2	Have gone here multiple times, good food, great location for the Benedum and Heinz Hall. However, always, there is a grumpy, short tempered woman at the door--forced us to hang our coats, even though we were freezing.  I wouldn't honestly complain, but this lady is just rude.
3	While the location of this restaurant is superb, the food is pretty good and the service average.I saw "Wicked" at the Benedum and we ate here first. It was about 5 degrees outside  when we got there and they make you take you coat off at the door. We stood by the door waiting for our table with door opening and closing for people arriving. Tables are really tight. If you don't speak really, really softly, tables nearby can hear you. Young girl beside me was texting and I could have read her texts if I wanted too.Chicken Piccatta was very good. Veal special was equally good. House salad dressing was described to me by the waiter as " a balsamic vinegrette with dry bleu cheese crumbles". Perfect for me and my guest. When the bill came they charged us $1.50 each for dry bleu. I always order dry bleu and I always pay extra for it with no problem. But he described it as part of the dressing and that bugs me. So if I had ordered the Sun-dried tomato dressing on my salad, would I have been charged extra for sun-dried tomatoes?All in all, a decent place to eat before a show simply for the convenience. But there are many places to choose from and I will try somewhere else next time.
1	The lady at the front takes your jacket because she just wants your tips. She is just so grumpy and doesn't really feel like being there. The food and service was ok. Not worth the money. There are so many other restaurants nearby. The owner/or the lady who forces you to take your jacket was arguing w her employees and saying they should be privileged to work here. I felt like this restaurant should be on restaurant impossible. The wait staff was arguing w each other while the owner watched. The only reason people come here because if its location not the food! If you want good food don't come here!
2	The food is overpriced for what they give you- one chicken breast and a spear of broccoli was $22.50. Talk about making a come up!! Not to mention it wasn't seasoned very well.  The interior of the restaurant looks very dated. The only positive was that we were pressed for time and our waiter was able to accommodate. Not worth it. I would rather wait for a table next door at Meat and Potatoes than return here even if they are the only place with open tables which was the case tonight.
2	Stopped here never reading reviews or anything about the place... It looked nice and classy so I figured it would be awesome. Our waitress, Sharon just wasn't pleasant at all... She slammed our drinks and plates down. Then we asked for more bread and she said "well I'll have to charge you" so that is fine but when she gave us the basket it only had two small pieces in it, which before each basket had about 4, so that was kinda crappy. Then one of us ordered another beer and she poured it and just let it over flow all onto the table and didn't even say a word.  The crab in the stuffed mushroom app and the stuffed shrimp dinner has mostly imitation crab in it, which for the price is just unacceptable. I had just plain fettuccine Alfredo and it was great I ate the whole thing....  The lighting is just so bright and it's around dinner so I don't want to be under a heat lamp during dinner... I'm not sure if I'd go back ....
1	I guess I should have realized the only restaurant I could get reservations for in the city of Pittsburgh for light up night was going to at be a disaster.  Well the four of us arrived for dinner at 8 as our reservations were expected but of course our table was not ready even though the restaurant had plenty of open seating.  Should have expected the worse and got it.  Sat down and ordered wine which took at least 15 minutes.  Should have expected the worse and got it.  Ordered  four veal dishes then sat for over an hour waiting for our meal.  When I inquired about the meals, after seeing tables round us served  even though we were seated before them I got upset, wouldn't you?  Meals finally arrived, ordered another round of wine, ate then asked for the check.  Waitress arrived with check expecting us to pay full price.  When I asked to see the manager she asked if something was wrong.  After explaining that we were upset about the time it took us to get served she said would complimentary round of wine satisfy us?  Normally it would but since I had to ask I asked to see the manager.  NOT the most articulate manager since she explained she was a retired Avon representative I kind of knew why the restaurant is what it is.    She also commented, well you know the customer is NOT always right!   If your looking for a good meal and good service try the restaurants in Market Square and do yourself a favor and stay away from this place.
4	A friend and I stopped here for dinner before heading to the symphony at Heinz Hall, which is directly across the street. We didn't have a reservation, but, unlike other downtown restaurants, Bravo Franco was happy to accommodate us with a table in the bar area. The restaurant was very busy, so it took a few minutes for our waitress to arrive, but she was pleasant and prompt. My favorite cocktail is a Gibson (basically a martini but with cocktail onions instead of olives), and I was surprised that both the waitress and the bartender knew what it was! Most restaurants don't even stock those onions anymore. Things were off to a good start. My friend and I shared a fried calamari appetizer and an order of stuffed hot peppers. I really enjoyed Bravo Franco's tomato sauce; it was very rich, just like I like it. I also enjoyed a legitimate Caesar salad with anchovies and some really good croutons. Bravo Franco feels like a nice, old-time Italian restaurant, and the helpful staff, good food, and proximity to Heinz Hall combine to make it a new favorite of mine.
1	Terrible service.  Rude staff.  Horrible waitress.  Don't waste your time or money.  Plenty of better restaurants to select. Will never go back
2	We went to Bravo Franco for a holiday lunch recently and I left a bit disappointed with the experience for the price point.The group had attempted to make reservations at several other places, but all were booked solid.  Bravo Franco was one of the only places left that seemed to have availability.  When we arrived, the place was a ghost town.  There may have been one other table seated, and this was during peak lunch hour!  Not a good sign.The decor in here is a bit dated and was probably very nice in the late nineties or early 2000's, but now it just feels a bit stuffy and out of touch.We were promptly seated and presented with menus.  The lunch selection was reasonable and I was happy to find a variety of items for different tastes and palates available.   A quick rundown of what I saw and what I tried:1 ) Sauteed Calamari appetizer - The sauce on this was great.  It had a nice, fresh tomato taste with just the right amount of kick.  Sadly, the calamari was way over cooked.  The pasta sauce flavor dissipated long before mastication had completed, leaving me chewing fishy rubber bands for an extra 30 seconds.  Yikes.2) Franco salad - I might not be spot on with the name here, but it was a gargantuan combo that looked like a strange antipasto platter/shrimp cocktail/lettuce/caprese frankenstein.  It looked good and there was quite a bit of food on there, but the presentation was a bit odd and didn't really strike me as being a "salad". 3) Chicken Romano - I didn't eat this, but the presentation was so sparse!  Two pieces of chicken on a plate.  That's it.  Garnish?  Side veggie?  Something!? Anything.  I don't care how good the chicken was, the plate was just boring, even if it did come with a side soup or salad.4) Sirloin Burger - This was actually pretty good.  Hand-formed patty? Check.  Cooked to specified level of done-ness?  Check?  Onions and mushrooms?  Yep.  But you forgot the cheese I asked for on top.  Oh well, it was still good.  Maybe a lil' salt and pepper though.Last but not least, the service was not good.  Our waitress was prompt enough, but her clear lack of menu knowledge was a definite deal breaker.  I've had plenty of potentially mediocre experiences turned around by waitstaff that knows the killer entree recommendation that saves the day.  No such luck today.In summary, this place may appeal to the elder theatre-going crowd, but needs some work to stay relevant and broadly-appealing in the competitive downtown dining area.
1	This place is awful.  Terrible service.  Terrible manager   Avoid this place. Waste of time and money.
3	The food is excellent. The atmosphere is a little cramped. If they removed a table or two from the dining room, it would be much more comfortable. Service was good, especially considering how busy they get before showtime.
