5	Came in to get my fingerprints done, which I thought would take a year and a day since this location also deals with impounds. NOT SO... They have coordinated the flow of people so well that you talk to someone at a window within minutes about fingerprinting, they take debit/credit cards to pay the like $8 fee (not sure about that price, double check). Then within minutes, they take you to the back, pat you down to make sure you're not a sociopath and do your prints. It's that easy. Plus, they had wipes to clean your fingers off and I've heard of horror stories for other police departments about leaving with gummy black fingers. I will DEFINITELY be going back to this location if I need my fingerprints done for a clearance card again. : )
5	Ehh it's like the DMV of fingerprints! They have lots of parking and are not too slow and prints are only $6
1	I cannot express how awful my experience was here. I came in a few weeks ago to get my fingerprints taken for a teaching program at school. When I arrived I immediately grabbed a ticket (time 11:14am) After filling out a short form I waited until 1:35pm (the time stamp on my receipt)  until my number was FINALLY called. I swear it felt like I won the lottery. So after telling the young lady behind the window that I needed to get fingerprinted for my "teaching program at school" she told me that my total would come to $6. That was shockingly low so I asked "it's only $6 to get my fingerprint clearance card?" She responded with "yes". She then asked for my fingerprint form, ID and the $6. I payed. Sat down and waited for about five min until my name was called. The nice girl made small talk and quickly took my fingerprints. After I wiped the ink off my hands she handed me back the form with my fingerprints on it. I thought this was odd so I asked "so this is my fingerprint clearance card? This is all I need?" She replied with "yep that's it! Easy as that". I then left to enjoy some lunch. A few days later I took the finger print card to the school I'm attending and this is when they informed me that "this is the wrong card".... (This is when I knew it was about to get nasty.) They provided me with a blue envelope with a few forms I needed to fill out then take back  to this location and have them mail the fingerprints for me. After that I would receive a different card... which is the card I need ("The verified prints"). So again I headed back to this inconvenient location (hard to find if you have never been here). I filled out the forms in the blue envelope grabbed a number then headed to the information window. I informed the officer of my problem... He then explained that because I didn't come back the day after that there may be an issue with the date and I may have to get re-fingerprinted but he was going to check with the supervisor.(Getting annoyed....) I handed him my ID, a receipt for the original fingerprints and the actual fingerprint form. He told me to take a seat and he would see what he could do. I sat down and shortly after he came out and sat down next to me. He explained that because the fingerprints left the building  I was going to have to get re-fingerprinted and that I also needed a cashiers check for $67 to get the "Identity Verified Prints" he said "read this form and it will have everything you need to know". I then expressed my understanding of his reason and asked him if I was going to have to pay another fee for the actual prints ($6). He said yes. This is when I asked him to speak with the supervisor. He relied with "I have already spoken with her, and this is what she said so your not going to get anywhere with her." I then told the officer I'd prefer to speak with the supervisor in person. He continued to repeat that I was "not going to get anywhere with her". Feeling beyond frustrated I left the facility, ran to the bank to get a cashiers check and quickly arrived back in the waiting area with 8 people in front of me. (Oh ps. The form says you need a check for $69 and the officer told me $67) Waiting for my number to be called was like sitting on a barbed wire... All I wanted to do was get up and scream bloody murder. Finally my number was called and I approached "window number five" the nice young girl behind the counter asked what I needed I told her (now knowing) "the verified fingerprint card" she took my blue envelope with the check for $67, my ID and entered my information into the computer then gave me a total of $6. I payed then immediately asked for the supervisor. The supervisor Dina came over and I asked her for a number or email address where I could file a complaint. She proceeded to write down a number and hand it over to me. Not once did she ask what the problem was or if she could help in anyway. Weird... isn't that part of your job description? With no questions asked she just walked away as if the problem was solved.  I again waited for my name to be called so I could get fingerprinted for the second time. Thank god the technician working Vanessa was a breath of fresh air. She was super sweet and very friendly... honestly she was the ONLY pleasant thing about my experience. Keep up the good work Vanessa!!I know it's only $6 and its not the money part that gets me but the fact they didn't offer to waive the fee. Nor did the supervisor try what so ever to resolve the issue or even seem interested in addressing the needs of a customer. I don't care who needs what or when but if your a customer you deserve good customer service. Period. If you can get ur prints done at a different location I highly recommend it.**Side note. I did call back later that day to file a complaint. I spoke with Dina and she took the time to listen to my complaint and apologized for my unpleasant visit. Hopefully they work on how to better their customer service.
