5	The service and selection at Churchill's is as good as it gets! A friend of mine bought me a humidor from here as a gift. There was a continual problem with the small humidifier that attaches to the inside of the lid. After many attempts at fixing the issue, they made the decision to upgrade me to the next size, almost twice as big as well as upgrading the humidification system inside the box. Every time I walk in I'm greeted with a hello and if I need anything they're right there to take care of me. I drive out of my way to go here and this is the only place in town that I'll buy my cigars from.
5	Always stop by when I am avoiding the Chicago winter. Service and selection is terrific.
5	This is a nice large shop with wide open spaces.  Too many cigar shops are small and packed these days.  There is a smoking room as well as space to smoke in the general shop area.  The humidor is very big and very well stocked with a wide range of selections.  While you pay the usual cigar shop price compared to online savings, the prices were reasonable and in line with being a retail shop.  Accessory prices are reasonable.  The staff is helpful and friendly.
5	Beautiful shop! Smells awesome! Friendly staff. Good selection. Female smokers are extra appreciated there as well, which was a nice bonus.
5	Doesn't get much better.
5	This place is the perfect man cave.Tremendous selection in their large humidor, highly knowledgable staff, a smoking room with deep leather chairs and a big TV.Best of all, it's BYOB! My buddies and I have lately picked up beers at AJ's around the corner, brought them into the smoking room, lit some sticks and forgot about life for a while. I love Churchill's and will be coming back many more times.
5	Top Quality Cigars, accessories and staff. They know their stuff and they don't make you feel stupid when asking questions. It's a huge store and once they get their liquor license, it will just add even more to the ambiance.
5	Great find! Massive selection and great service. They have a comfortable sitting area where you can enjoy your cigar and some good conversation. My boyfriend and I went late on a Saturday night and the employee, John, was super helpful and friendly. He took the time to explain important details and give recommendations. We were informed of their plans to remodel, add a bar area and restroom. Can't wait to visit again soon!
