5	Tracy is fantastic! She always does an amazing job on my hair; she listens and offers great suggestions. I'm so lucky to have found her!!!
5	Tracy is the best technical cut  for bob that I have received in a very long time!  She is passionate about what she does and she spends the extra time needed to have the angles fall correctly. The salon is really cute and feels comfortable. She has tons of experience and also teaches her craft. I have really thin hair and if the cut is off at all, it is very noticeable. She is magic! I have also seen her work on others before me and she seems to be amazing with all styles. The salon is inside Phenix and turn right as you come in the door.  I hope you love it as much as I do!
5	Tracy is great! We are not done with the blonding process yet, but so far she has taken me lighter without any damage to my hair. It looks very healthy! She explained everything as she was going as well which was nice. I can't wait to go in and let her finish me off in 2 weeks!
5	I walked in to Hair Loft 22 looking to get my hair colored and I happily bumped into Nadia! She was very friendly and relaxed and was more than happy to color my hair on the spot! After a brief consultation we selected a rich 4N Paul Mitchell brown color. Nadia is also a makeup artist for Cirque du Soleil on the strip she's one cool lady!! If you need to get your hair done make sure to stop by Hair Loft 22 and see Nadia! You'll walk away with a smile :)
5	Everyone in this salon is the BEST! Always willing to go above and beyond for any client, beautiful salon, and lovely ladies. Candace has been doing my hair for a few years now and I wouldnt go to anyone else! :-)
5	Meghan Mattice is awesome! She did a total make-over on my hair and it ROCKS!! My hair has never looked so good!! See her you will NOT be disappointed!!
5	I booked a same-day appointment for a haircut and Meghan was so helpful in making sure she was doing what I wanted and we had a great conversation. She offered beverages and the loft is adorable. Highly recommended!
