3	I'm a local, so I suppose I'm a little partial for neighborhood businesses, but Pittsburgh Fish & Chicken is certainly a great option if you live in Brighton Heights or you're just passing through after work with a hankering for fried.  You're mainly going to find all things fried, with the exception of a few individually packaged desserts and waffles (which accompany the Chicken & Waffles dinner special), but fried is what they do well here - with a mildly spicy, lemony dusting of their signature spice blend.  Avoid the fries (unfortunately they are not fresh-cut) and the sandwich version of any of their fried offerings (the buns and accoutrements are second rate).  Yes, the place is a little shabby looking, but the cooks are friendly enough, and lord knows we need more local business, and dinning options in particular, in our proud neighborhood.  Try the ocean perch, catfish, or the chicken tenders, which are surprisingly awesome, even for an adult palate.  The best bet is to order ahead and have your fried feast waiting for you.
3	Great to see so many seafood options available especially in this area. It's title is clear as to what you can find. And yes all of it is fried I asked. But better to feed your gluttonous blerp here than at a conglomo. Looks like they are set up for pick up orders mostly, but it is a great place to find lunch. They sell wings in quantities if 150 pcs. And they fry fresh! It didn't smell like brunt oil and the place is clean. Employees are friendly and local. I had the smelt with fries and potato salad. Very home style delicious. The fries are crispy and steamy hot so be careful. The smelt was just a bit chewy, but they were small fillets. Also sodium intake is a bit high if you are trying to stay away from it. In conclusion....go here.
5	Consistently great food and it's affordable as well. My favorites are the chicken wings and crab cakes. They have quite a selection of fried food including catfish, perch, shrimp, wings, and fries along with other items so there's certainly something here for everyone. Always receive great service here, very hospitable staff!
4	Fresh fried, largeish portions. The fries are thick and complexly crispy.Zucchini plans were pretty big and very tasty, particularly with the savory lemon seasoning.Canned and bottled beverages available, including novelty soda.The folks who helped us were very pleasant, attentive, friendly community folks.Will definitely be going back, possibly phoning pickup orders in ahead of time.
