5	I took a stab in the dark with this company and got really lucky.  We had a visibly broken spring on our door.  This family owned business has a very nice and helpful lady answering the phone.  We got a quick appointment and the nice young man that come out (her son) was very knowledgeable, worked quick, and answered my questions.  I would definately send my friends directly to this company, I was impressed, you probably will be too....nice people and great work!
5	At our new house, I was in a hurry and ..... clipped the bottom of the door with the van! (Geez!)  Being a fixer ;) I grabbed my vice grips and bent out the crinkle. The tiny trim wouldn't fit under the corner bracket so I loosened it a bit. If you don't know why the bracket bolts are painted red I'll tell you. THEY ARE EXTREMELY DANGEROUS TO REMOVE! I now know this. Luckily we didn't get hurt (whew, dodged a trip to the ER!). I called and talked to the owner who sent his son out that day. Same nice, young man who repaired our other door last year. Same great service! Fast, quick, professional and out the (garage) door for just over $50. My husband told me 'an easy lesson here to learn'!  Luckily, ABC pulled my fry pan out of the fire on this one! Thank you all!Twice they have helped us out. Great family owned company. I will definitely call them again and I suggest anyone call them too!
5	They took care of us like true professionals. I highly recommend this company. They arrived quickly, knew exactly what had to be done and completed it in under an hour much cheaper than I thought it would be.
5	I've used this company twice and both times Clay came to the rescue! The first time I used this company, it was through a home warranty program. What really stood out to me was Clay's honesty in getting my garage door fixed. Other companies I've used through my home warranty program charge a flat rate of $75, even if they didn't do anything! But Clay said that fixing the wiring for my garage door didn't cost $75 and charged me appropriately. He also programmed my keypad for me and taught me how to do simple maintenance.The second incident, one of the garage door's coils broke. Clay came to fix it that afternoon. He took the time to answer my questions and was very polite. I appreciated that when he came through my front gate and front door to get to my garage, he would close it and lock it behind him. What can I say, it's the little details that I notice and appreciate! Definitely will continue using this company and highly recommend it to others! Oh, and they give a military discount too!
