5	As with the other Chipotles I've been to, it was GREAT! Came here for lunch in between baseball games at the padres fields at the sports complex. Got my standard burrito bowl with chicken. I love the rice. THat cilantro lime rice just makes the bowl. And the meat is always fresh and just great. This chipotles was VERY generous with all their ingredients and it made for a great lunch on a hot day! We also bought one of our friends a burrito. He had never been to a chipotle, and really enjoyed it. We may have made a new fan for Chipotle...
5	We love Chipotle, but we really love THIS Chipotle.  The food is always fresh and hot, the servers always friendly and accomodating. I don't think we've ever been to this location and seen a dirty table waiting to be cleaned!  They are prompt, courteous and efficient.
4	Chipotles is good, fast and fresh.  They have giant-sized burritos that are stuffed with your choice of ingredients.  They are so big you could probably split one between two people.  Everything is pretty good, but beware the spicy peppers.  Something super HOT snuck into my non-spicy burrito and sent me to tears.  Hopefully it was just a one-time accident because that was painful.  Otherwise, I'm a fan.
2	let me make this clear:  this review is for THIS Chipotle and this Chipotle ONLY!  i've never had what i consider a friendly experience here.  (mental note: the one on 59th and thunderbird is closer.  i need to go there next time)  the last time i went in, it was on the heels of a great experience at another location (if i have time it'll be right above this one).  first of all, there was  a pretty long line considering that it wasn't really busy.  i considered the possiblity that there could be ONE customer  up there that wasn't sure what they wanted or something along those lines, but as the line crept along i realized that it wasn't a customer, but indeed the staff behind the counter.  when i ordered my vegetarian burrito, the burrito maker didn't seem to know  what went in it.  come on guys, you have a VERY basic, very SIMPLE menu.  the veggie burrito gets by default: onion and pepper mix, BLACK BEANS (unlike the other burritos where you get a choice -- of course you CAN substitute the pinto beans, but if you don't specify you get the black).  he points to the pepper and onion mix and asks if that's what i want. "yes".  then he put the rice in.  no beans until i reminded him.  i realize we all have our off days, but there was just a bunch of stuff off here.  no one was smiling or friendly and the burritos seemed a little smaller than what i'm used  to at a Chipotle.  If i'd never been to one before, i'd probably just suck it up and enjoy my delish food, but i KNOW this isn't the standard and was really disappointed.  from now on i MUST remember that there is another one in my vicinity and go there instead.
4	This review like the others is only for this particular chipolte. I live down the street so i sometimes stop in grab a fajita burrito. It's simply AMAZING!Only down side is the foot traffic. Its really busy because it's in the arrowhead area. So many eff'ing people especially around lunch and dinner. So many that i stopped coming for a long time. UNTIL i found the chipotle app for my iPhone and iPad. I guess you can order online via their website too. But now i can just order AND pay on my phone. Walk straight in, bypass the line. (which i really enjoy because people in that long line look at u like ur crazy for cutting in line ha ha) then grab my food and leave. It's awesome. So anyway i recommend this place. Plus it's healthy compared to the crappy fast-food industry.
3	I still haven't fully decided where my heart lies with Chipotle. Half of the time when I come here, I get great food! The other half of the time, it sucks. I usually get weird pieces of chicken in my salads, or burritos (depending on my order). Once it almost even made me consider reinstating my vegetarianism. Honestly, though, the last few times I have been here they have done an exceptional job. I will have to update later.
4	Chipotle is a solid 4 stars. This location in particular is great...directly off the freeway, near Bell Rd., next to the movie theater and ballpark. The employees are very friendly. The burritos here are large and after eating one, if you are able to, will fill you up and you'll probably skip the next meal or two. *tummy full*There's lots of room indoors or on the front patio. Bathrooms are clean.
5	We came here today after a long day at the park.  There was a long line but the staff was very fast.I ordered the chicken burrito with black beans, rice, sour cream and I had them add grilled veggies and extra hot sauce. The burrito was hot, huge and delicious.  The only negative was that the last several bites were all rice.  Great healthy meal to soak up the beer though.
4	Don't let the long lines discourage you from coming to Chipotle. The staff works fast and the food is plentiful and served at the right temperature. The staff is also nice and you don't have to repeat yourself when placing your order. On this particular day, I had chicken tacos. They were absolutely yum. Everything is made to your specifications so if something isn't right, it's probably your fault! :) My husband loves the burritos. Now while the girl making his over did it with the salsa, it was still pretty darn yum...and why was it yum? Because it was made the way he likes it. :) The one thing I like a lot at Chipotle is the guacamole. It is so flavorful and I love chunky guacamole. They do it just right here at Chipotle.
3	Always solid
5	I just posted this on the Chipotle Facebook page... I would encourage anyone to go to this location.I want to take an opportunity to tell you about an experience I had at one of your restaurants last night (8/14/2012). My wife and I chose to have dinner at the Chipotle located at 16680 N. 83rd Ave, Peoria, Arizona. The general manager's name is Joel Crofoot and he is the reason I am writing these comments. My experience went like this.As my wife and I were eating our meal, I noticed a young man who was in his US Army uniform standing in line. I am retired from the US Navy and I typically notice anyone in uniform wherever I go right away. So I said to my wife, "what do you say that I go up and pay for his meal?"... Without hesitating, she wholeheartedly agreed. After a few moments of time passed, I made my way up to the register and attempted to get the attention of the counter staff but they were very, very busy. It just so happens, that Joel was out from the kitchen area helping another customer in another part of the store. As he was making his way back to the door leading to the kitchen area I stopped him and asked "Are you the manager?" He said yes and how could he help me. With my back turned to the soldier and my debit card in my hand, I made a camouflaged motion toward the soldier and said to Joel "Do you see the military guy over there? I'd like to pay for his meal".  Almost immediately, Joel said back to me "I'll do you one better than that. I have the power to make things happen. How about I pay for his meal?" I was so pleased by that response. As I mentioned, I am retired military veteran myself and when people, like Joel, perform acts of kindness towards our military, it is admirable to say the least. His recognition of the impact of paying for that soldier's meal was instantly obvious to him. He then thanked me for the gesture and said that our intentions were appreciated.Later, Joel came to our table and again said how he appreciated what we intended to do and how could he not do what he did based off of our example. That was a very humble thing to say. He thanked us, gave us his business card and said if there is anything he could do for us, don't hesitate to ask and said goodbye. The soldier was seated behind us and as my wife and I finished our meal and made our way to the door, I looked over and saw that the soldier was there with his wife and child. So Joel not only paid for the soldier's meal, but his wife's too (their child was probably a bit too young to eat Chipotle).I felt compelled to let you and your customers know as soon as possible what a quality leader you have at that store. In the military there is a huge difference between a leader and a manager. A manager leads from behind the troops but a leader leads and sets the example from the front. You have a quality leader in Joel Crofoot. My wife and I will frequent that particular Chipotle as much as we can because of Joel's actions and further, we will recommend that location to as many people as we can because of his actions. If you could do anything for me, I would ask that you recognize Joel's actions towards this individual soldier, because I am certain he'd do it again given the opportunity.Thank you for such great food and better yet hiring great people.Sincerely,Rich Shores
4	About a year ago i used to dread coming here only because of the long lines and incompetent  employees,but have always liked the food so i chose to endure it.But my last few visits have been much better.They hired a bunch of new people who are fast and friendly.no more are the days of waiting in line for 20 minutes while the employees slowly prepare each meal,while dilly dallying.The food is always good,and the portions are huge!My only complaint is,if you go in after 9,they're usually low on meat so you end up with less than you'd normally get if it was earlier. they should really have enough prepared for the later crowd because there's always people in there after 9.Other than that,i have nothing bad to say.I am very pleased that they have stepped up thier game when it comes to service.Keep up the good work guys.
4	Food is very good a little on the pricey side for me. But I'm cheap when it comes to eating out. For the quality of the food and flavor, good price. Floors where cleaner than some other places I've been in. So I wasn't grossed out. :)
2	Visit Chipotle quite often at Shea and 92nd St area in Scottsdale, but I was in Peoria for business.  Stopped in and wow, customer service skills could use some work.  Everyone behind the counter was more interested in talking to a customer who obviously was a friend of someone, past worker, or something.  Talking about subjects that should not be spoken about out loud with customers around.  Had to repeat my order, sloppy in building my burrito bowl to go, and couldn't even pay attention in placing the lid on which came off inside the bag.
4	I like this Chipotle location.  The staff is super nice and the food is as good as always.  I LOVE to get a burrito bowl with chicken, fajita veggies and brown rice, both the red and green salsa, a little sour cream and cheese, and lettuce. The fajita veggies are the BOMB!
5	I go to this location about 3-4 times a week since I work and gym nearby and every time the staff is nice and the food is fresh! During lunch time the lines are all the way to the door but the staff work fast and efficiently and its never a long wait! I always order the same thing and never get sick of it. Bowl: 3 scoops brown rice, fajita, chicken, mild/med/corn, sour cream, cheese, and lots of lettuce.
1	I love Chipotle and have been coming to this location since it opened.  But from here on out, I think I'll pass.  The two times that I have ordered online (only 2 weeks apart), I am left waiting because the employees forget to check the online orders.  That is, I show up at the time that I am told the food will be ready, only to find that they haven't even looked at my order.  To make matters worse, both times they failed to push my order to the front of the line; so I've been left waiting a while... Neither times have I been offered anything other than a "we're sorry"; talk is cheap.The other night that this happened to me, they actually had a guy in line who had an order for 2, but his card kept declining (and he apparently had no other cards).  So the manager tells him, that the meal is on the house... now admittedly that is a very nice gesture... but they probably should have offered me something to make up for their screw up (twice)... nope.  I won't be back.
5	Food was good and fresh. Service was fast. Dining area was clean.
4	Love the food.  Always clean and for the most part has friendly service. The music is strangely weird at times and much too loud.
4	Good fresh food, although portions get smaller and smaller with every visit. Pretty soon it will ne 8$ for two cubes of steak in your burrito...
5	Love me some chicken burrito
5	I love this location! I work in the mall and will choose Chipotle most of the time. The people make my visit fun and friendly. I have NEVER had a bad experience here. It is always clean looking. This location is much better then any other in the area.
1	As a Mexican I would not recommend this shit hole. You must be white to like Chipotle. Disgusting. Rice undercooked. Take "Mexican grill" off of your name. I want my money back.
3	Wow, Chipotle sure has gotten skimpy with their portions! A few years ago, they would pile on the food. Yesterday, I got the bare minimum in my burrito bowl. The line server wasn't even going to fill the guacamole cup all the way until the cashier made him!
5	So say can I say about this Chipotle...  the food is always good,  fast and courteous service, and they keep the place very clean.  As clean as you can make it when it is always busy.  Try the Sofritas.  They are my favorite!
1	Went in for take out.  Huge line due to fundraiser.   $30 worth of food for 4 people.  Paid with my credit card and our food was all bagged up.  We left and drove home.  My son's order was missing the main item (quesadilla).   I called and after waiting several minutes to speak to the manager, she said she knew about the missing item and said I could drive back to the store for a $4.00 refund.   I asked that they credit my card back over the phone.  Manager got snippy and insisted there was no way to do that except in the store.  I ask for Division Manager name.  Again several minutes later I finally get the info.   Left him a voice mail.   No return call yet several hours later.   Make sure you check your order because their service is terrible.   Inconvenienced twice in one visit.   I will be recommending our school no longer brings fund raisers to this location.  Update:  5 days later and no call back from the Division Manager.   Guess they don't need the business.  Please avoid this restaurant - they have proven they don't care about their own mistakes or how badly they treat their customers.
1	I have been going to Chipotle but I may rethink..the chicken was burnt.!!!... if u burn the meat don't serve it...worst chicken bowl I have ever had...please train your employees not to burn food ..it will be a while before I go again...
2	Out of all the Chipotles in the city, this one is by far one that is operated the worst.  Portions are weak,  they need to work on thier cleanliness. Service is subpar. You do not get your monies worth from this location.  I think it needs an overhaul with better management. hours are horrible,  they close at 10 yet the line was out the door till 1030. They need to revamp thier customer service. Maybe I should have just settled for a burger tonight.
5	Coming to this chipotle feels like home. I know I can always come and get top notch customer service and excellent food. The line is usually long, but it's more than worth it.
