4	This store is awesome! They have t-shirts and camisoles that are longer in length and help cover everything even when you wear low rise pants if you know what I mean!  As a chick with a long torso I am so glad I don't have to tug my shirt down all the time when I wear their items as that gets annoying super quick! The prices are reasonable too ranging from around $10 for a camisole to $30 for a skirt. Also, I am 28 and I don't feel like the clothes are too girlish or too "tween" like if you know what I mean!I have lots of T's and Camisoles from here and a few skirts. Almost every time I wear their "SugarPlum" skirt from their holiday line someone compliments me.The staff is always really nice. A good deal for women and girls looking to find modest clothes that are in line with current trends at reasonable prices! I encourage you to stop by and check it out!
1	I visited this shop a few months ago. Awesome clothes. I had only looked at clothes on their website and they have a much broader selection in the shop. As I was shopping, the snotty store manager seemed very annoyed that people wanted to try on their clothes before making purchases. I've worked retail as well and I get it's stressful when it's busy but it's just apart of the job. Probably wouldn't have a job if it weren't busy. She continued to be rude to me, my friends and the other patrons in the shop. When we got to the register, the girl wanted to make sure we found everything we were looking for, politely we said yes, and the line behind us was growing. When a second girl tried to open the other register, the store manager humiliated her by rudely telling her not to do this and she needed to count stock. And the stock was just tank tops on a table that there were plenty of. It surprised me that she would speak to the staff so harshly, especially when she was trying to get the patrons to make purchases. I hope she's decided that this is not the job for her and has parted. She was terrible.
5	Bottom line: Great Jeans, great service.  Half the time the manager opens up early to let me buy items (I work in the area).  I love this store!
4	The fashions here tend to lean on the more the conservative side, classy, fashionable casual dress day wear.  Sorry, no hoochie outfits here. Real feminine. Clothes in floral prints and pastel colors.  It's almost borderline boutique store as they have their own clothing line and different designs and the stores are a small franchise so you are not going to find mass produced department store wear. Prices are very affordable, they always have some type of sale going on. I check the social media sites or email newsletter for them.  More than likely when you enter the store their sales staff will also let you know what the sales are.   I have found some unique necklaces and very cute for under $10 in their little clearance basket!  Sales staff has always been friendly, never pushy. Since Im always at The District, I've window shopped at this store quite a few times and have never felt unwelcome.  When I check out, the young lady who always rings me up is always really sweet. For a small place, the store is packed with merchandise from top to bottom.  Oh also they cute outfits for little girls too! Mom and daughter coordinates. So cute!
4	This is one of the shops I frequent most often in the District.  I always get a friendly greeting upon walking in.  The staff always asks if they can help me with anything but allows me to browse without being overbearing.  No pressure here.  The clothing is feminine, simple, but stylish.  The prices are very reasonable.  You'd think, walking past it, that it would be way more expensive than it is.  I love that they have bathing suits and accessories too.  I think the store layout is slightly cramped but it's neat and well organized.  Really nice clothes shopping experience here!
5	I love this store! Kenya is an amazing manager & I love the staff! The clothes are sometimes a little expensive, but they have good quality. I LOVE the fact that I can dress in cute clothes, but still be modest at the same time. Modest clothes are sometimes hard to find!
4	I cant believe this was my first time in here! the prices are a little on the high side, but still affordable for some realy nice peices of clothing. I'll definitley be frequenting this shop!
