4	it took me a long time to sign up for a tanning salon.. i was deciding between a couple of different ones in town and finally decided to settle for a chain. i chose this one because the locations were very convenient.. plus they were very nice to me every time i went in and the price was ok. (i think tanning is expensive in general)i do a level 3 bed.. and i enjoy it a lot. my tan is very natural. moreover, i never had to wait for a bed at this (or any other) location. the girls are nice although some of them could be more knowledgeable. on the other hand, i think everyone needs to do their own research when it comes to the matters of their bodies, such as tanningoverall, very good salon & chain, would recommend it!
2	I'm not an experienced tanner, and this was my first time in one of these places. I signed up on a Monday, so that I could get a couple of sunless tanning sessions in before my wedding on Saturday. I signed up for the sunless tanning and Cristina, was great. Helped me out, explained the details, explained it again, I asked my questions and off I went to do my tanning thing. Seriously, she was NOT going to leave me alone until she made sure I had all my questions answered, and being new to the tanning thing, I really appreciated that!  I came back a couple days later with my best friend, and that's when we experienced problems. Wednesday night, the place was dead. Theresa signed us in, but she wasn't friendly in any way and made me feel to be more of a nuisance.  The manager came into the store while we were waiting and she never said one word to us either. The booth didn't work, and that was confirmed the next day when I woke up with NO color whatsoever. I would have asked Theresa about the problem that night (I noticed that I didn't hardly feel any of the solution on me), but she was in the back gossiping with the store manager about some employee with an attitude problem. Even when we left, we didn't see them. My issue with the gossip was that it was loud enough that I heard it over the running machine. (My best friend heard them talking about Koby, so apparently, Theresa and the store manager have TWO other employees that they don't like at that store.)Cristina was great and I will only go back in there if she's working. As for the rest
1	I went here for a good few months. I thought this would be a great deal because I only do spray tans and they have monthly unlimited specials. I must say that the customer service was okay but the pricing and everything is off. If your a person who likes to spray tan, I wouldn't do mystic tanning that they offer. Though it seems like a good deal its better for you and your skin to just do airbrush tanning. Don't rely on my comment if you are a bed tanner, I only did the mystic. Plus sometimes the mystic tanning would my skin turn orange-ish! Trust me not a good look for anyone! Even though airbrush is more expensive it's so much better for you and your skin and plus airbrush makes you look nice and even! I go to Classic Mobile Airbrush Tanning. But I'm sure there tanning beds are great. Hope this helps.
4	Admittedly, I have only tanned at a couple of places in Las Vegas (darque tan, tan factory and Palm Beach).  A few years ago, I used to frequent a different location of Palm Beach but gave up tanning.  My mom owns a tanning salon in my hometown, so it was tough to break up with my tanning bed.  If you are reading this, then chances are you have none of the hang-ups that I do about tanning, so I will spare you the sermon.To prep for my friend's wedding, I signed up for a monthly membership intending to cancel after one month.  Three months later, I still can't seem to end this relationship because being tan is just too great.  I've been here enough now that I feel like I've probably met all of the staff.  Everyone who works here is really friendly and accomodating(except one girl who always acts like she is on her lady business, but I refuse to judge this place on one mean mugging employee).  The other really nice staff almost make up for mean Jean anyway.  I always walk in, so I'm not sure if they take appointments, but I have never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a bed.  This place is clean, has reasonable monthly tanning memberships and somewhat reasonable single visit pricing.The only con is that there tanning lotions are stupid expensive, but that could be true of all places in LV.
1	Apparently the expensive all over lotion they sold me is suddenly harmful to my face and I need to buy a facial lotion. I was told today that the lotions they sell can cause your blood vessels to explode in your face so you need to buy their facial lotion too! Oh and tanning can age you so the facial lotion will help. They may be losing a client. Next time I will be told they have leg lotion on and on until I buy them all!
3	Thanks for the reply. I went back today prepared to cancel my membership, but the same girl was much better! She was helping someone, greeted me and quickly checked me in with no hassle! She saved a client today!
