5	On the quest to discover a new restaurant,  we wandered into Boswell's.  The exterior is completely unassuming but once inside, it's hard not to like the decor.  It's a cafe with comfortable seating, metal and brick walls and a bar with beer and wine.  The menu is a mix of sandwiches,  salads, burgers and hot dogs.  I had the meatball and the roast beef.  The meatball was huge and requires a fork and knife to eat.  It's very filling.  The roast beef was amazing: cheese, rare and just good.  Fries were great too.  The staff was amazing, giving us fruit and crackers for my son.   Definitely a place we will be returning to
4	My husband and I have visited Boswell's a few times now, and each time I've really enjoyed what I've ordered.  The space Boswell's is in has gone through a few different incarnations over the years, and Boswell's is the best establishment by far.  They have a variety of sandwiches and burgers, as well as salads and soup.  It's not often that I crave a sandwich, but the Grindhouse is definitely craveable!  Though not a vegetarian myself, I'm intrigued by the vegetarian options on the menu - there really is something for everyone.  I'd love to try dessert, but I've never been able too - I've always been too full after finishing my meal!  The only reason Boswell's gets 4 stars instead of 5 is the price.  Sandwich prices are $9-ish, which means we'll probably only visit for dinner...there's no lunch menu that I'm aware of.  In any case, you do get what you pay for - these sandwiches are worth the price!  We'll definitely be returning soon!
4	I've tried numerous items on the menu and every single one is delicious and made with fresh ingredients.  I love the interesting options on the menu, there aren't many place around here with such good vegetarian options.  If you want something different, like a fresh sandwich or quiche, this place can't be beat.  My only issue is the price, but you really feel like you get what you pay for, so I'm willing to pay a little extra.
4	I've only been here once and will make up for it this weekend since I've been dying to return! I had a really great "French Dip" sandwich and we split an order of MONSTER chili-cheese fries, which were among some of the best I've ever had. Our waitress was super friendly and very helpful with helping us order. My only nit-picks about the place are the fries that came as a side were repellent to salt. (nothing a side of Ranch can't fix!) I think they need to be salted as soon as they come out of the fryer. The other being the prices. Now, I feel my sandwich (pretty good size..it was hard to finish it) was worth the price but it might be a turn off to others when they sit down and see the prices on the menu.  That only worries me because this particular location has seen a lot of restaurants come and go. I don't want to see this happen to Boswell's!Your pal,Walter
5	We've been back 2 other times now and have not been disappointed. I'm a bit frightened at the lack of customers because this location has seen a turnover of restaurants over the years. THIS ONE SHOULD BE A KEEPER!I think the unwarranted stigma of being located in Stallings might have something to do with it and maybe the prices seem a bit steep but you get monster portions. The all-beef hot dog is a two-man meal. You really must see this monstrosity for yourself. We tried the buffalo wings as an appetizer, although good they were a bit on the sweet side so we went back to the great chili-cheese fries on the next trip. The meatloaf special was great with homemade mashed-potatoes. Veggie lasagna was very good as well. Also, the Grindhouse was very good with a great au jus on the side. I wish there was a tad more meat in it for it to be considered great in my book.Your pal,Walter
5	O.k., o.k. We had to stop in and try this place just to see what all the hype was about and if any of it was true. Can you say OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is the real deal and I can't say that I, nor my taste buds, have ever had a sandwich as good as these are. Yes, we have been back and it is just as good and we will be back again and again as long as our stomachs don't explode from the massive amount of food you get on the plates they serve you. Hot dog they call them here but they are the largest hot dogs I have ever seen and cooked to a plump juicy temp with an awesome bun. The burger is a 1/2 pound which we ordered well done and yet it came out so juicy and full of flavor. The cook has his stuff together here. I might just have to forgo the diet and head back over there tonight.  ;-)
5	Yummy & FUN!!!
5	I was just informed by a fellow Yelper that tomorrow is the last day of business for this underrated gem of a restaurant!Get it while it's good!Your pal,Walter
5	Everything that I have ever eaten at Boswell's was FANTASTIC.  Very tasty.  I was very disappointed to hear that they will be closing tomorrow :-(  I wish that their was something that I can do to keep this restaurant around as they have an awesome product!  We have to support our local businesses so that they stay around.  Swing by Boswell's and let them know what you think of their sandwiches and maybe just maybe we may be able to convince them to stick around :-)
5	I'm so sad this restaurant closed! It became our new favorite go-to for dinner when nobody felt like cooking. They had the best reuben sandwich I've ever had, ever! They also had delicious goat cheese and sun dried tomato quiche. I mean amazing, not just good! Come back Boswell's...come back!!!!
