1	What an absolutely aweful experience!  I would give it less then one star if I could.  Went in with a "groupon coupon" and they refused to provide the services I paid for!  After 2 hours of 20-30 unnecessary x-rays I went in a room for a pressure sales pitch and was asked to return to pay an additional $280 for a different cleaning.  So I got no cleaning, no teeth whitening, no nothing!  A Pleasant Dentistry was not pleasant!  Beware!
1	This place has got issues.  My husband and I have been getting work done there for a couple of years, but after my experience on the phone with office staff today, I think we'll be going elsewhere.  Office staff was actually arguing with me over whether or not my husband was going to make an appointment that he told them via email last week that he wasn't going to make.  This staff member was so incredibly dense it was shocking.  This was the last straw, after my experience with a very inept dental hygienist that I told the dentist was never to touch my mouth again.  Time to go!
1	I had a molar break the day after christmas (2012). It was a bit painful, so instead of calling my regular dentist I called around to the first place that could fit me in. It took 5 visits for my crown. That doesn't sound like much, except one of those was because the crown they ordered didn't fit, so they proceeded to drill it more, until it fit even less, and had to order a new crown.After EVERY appointment I would spend the rest of the day (sometimes days) finding little bits of dental debris in my mouth, such as molding plastic, tooth bits, glue chunks, and excess plastic from my temporary crown. My first visit, the dentist gave me my injections then left for half an hour, which by then the anesthetic had begun to wear off, so what did she do? More injections and another half hour break. This happened again, then she finally started drilling. I could still feel it, but I had given up. At her rate my tooth wouldn't have been done until the following christmas. When I finally received my crown, it was placed, and I thought it felt odd. For the first month I tried to convince myself it was just my gums trying to get back into place. For the past 3 months I've realized I probably shouldn't be able to fit floss UNDER the crown. And guess what?? Today it came off while I was eating. Oh, and my jaw hurts constantly because of the crown. I will be calling my old dentist asap, hopefully the temporary glue I have to get at walgreens will hold me over. One more thing, this place is more expensive than other dentists. They managed to blow through all of my insurance allowance just taking care of this. To compare, my regular dentist pulled 2 wisdom teeth, gave me a cleaning, filled 3 cavities, and gave me a crown, and I still had insurance left over.
5	I see that the other people here didn't have the best experiences at Pleasant Dentistry but maybe they've changed some staff around because I had a wonderful experience! I went in today for a cleaning, x-rays, and checkup. Front Office: I was greeted warmly when I walked in. When I called my insurance company to see if I could see this group I learned that they were out-of-network for me. I voiced my concern about this upon arrival and the woman at the desk explained a bit about my benefits and said she would work with me regarding anything the insurance didn't pay. She (and the woman who checked me out) seemed very understanding about my financial concerns and dealt with them professionally and courteously. Dental Hygienist: Lisa was my hygienist today and I loved her! She chatted with me and made me feel very comfortable while also explaining everything she was doing and answering questions when I had them. I felt that she was very professional, knew her stuff, and was just a genuinely nice person. She took x-rays and photos of my teeth. X-rays are never comfortable but she moved quickly and was as gentle as possible.   The Dentist: I saw Dr. Magri and he gave me options for my next step. He made me feel like he didn't want to waste MY time or money by doing work that I didn't really need since I was considering getting braces. He recommended not doing work on a tooth that he though may need to be pulled for orthodontia. I would not have known the difference if he insisted all needed to be done right then but he was up front and honest and gave me great information instead. Everything he said made perfect sense and I really appreciated his honesty. I am giving my overall experience today 5 stars and will continue going to this office even though they are out of network for my insurance and I'm sure I can get cheaper services elsewhere. I don't have any money to throw away but feeling comfortable with my doctor/dentist/hygienist, and that they have MY best interests at heart, is of utmost importance to me.
1	I had the absolute worst dental experience at this office. I have seen the same doctor for the past 10 years, but I went for my routine cleaning and Dr Maggri advised me that I needed a small filling. I should've done research or waited for my regular dentist but he was able to do it same day. It's been a month and a half and I'm still in pain and I've had sensitivity to hot and cold that never existed before. I went in for an adjustment shortly after and waited 40 minutes for a 5 min appointment. I was told to call back in a few days if I needed to be seen again, and when I did every time available would require me to miss yet again more time from work. The "office manager" Jess was less than understanding and couldn't have cared less about being accommodating. She was rude, condescending and kept talking over me. Quality customer service goes a long way, especially after someone has had a poor experience. With all of the dental competition out there, I've gladly found a more professional and patient centric office.
