3	good ol southern family owned busines.
1	They sold me maintenance contract for $169.99 to maintain heating and AC at the beginning of each season commencing on 7/17/08. I never heard from them in the fall 2008 nor in the spring 2009.  The old saying goes,  " Never pay someone in advance "   I'd like to add to that   " especially in Las Vegas ". They get the money then don't  concern themselves with the customer until they absolutely have to. I don't trust them. Stay away.
1	The worst. We have a maintenance agreement with them which is a complete scam. They are unprofessional and do not respond quickly to emergency situations. Stay away!
1	Jose from Guardian came out when my downstairs air conditioning was not working and said that it was $320 because it needed a new motor.  I said ok and I needed to decided on a day for him to fix it and he left.  Mysteriously that  same day my upstairs air conditioning unit also went out and my house was 92 degrees as it's July in Vegas.  I called Jose and he said sorry not til Monday and made a rude comment about them not coming out "for free you know".  I said ok and trusted him to move forward with both repairs.  Because Sunday was so sweltering I decided to go with another company and "pay more" because I couldn't wait until Mon.  I expected a large bill as all companies I called charged more than $320 for a "motor".  Amanda from Desert West Services were referred to me for being a trustworthy company.  Zach came from the company and I expected a large bill as they charged a little more for motors.  He looked at both and asked me who told me I needed a motor?  I told him Jose.  He fixed both within 15 mins and said they were only two capacitors and it was $385 total for both instead of $640 min for two motors .  He said my motors were fine.  I called Jose to let him know I needed to cancel for Mon and why and he basically said he didn't care.  I told him I didn't appreciate him misinforming me on needing motors when it was only capacitors.  Of course he didn't apologize or care.  I don't even trust to give Jose at this company your address.  Jose will look you right in the eye and lie.  He will go into great detail to make your believe his diagnosis too.  Beware.
