3	Proximity to Target = win.Otherwise this is your standard Wendy's.  Quick fast food service.  I always order off of the value menu.  Jr. Bacon cheeseburger, value fries, and depending on how hot it is outside a value Frosty or a value pop.  Oh!  They carry PEPSI products, not coke products here.  Blew my mind right out the window.
3	Wendy's is decent at making burgers but they can not make a good grilled chicken sandwich...at least one that is not wet...and it is not just this location, it is at all of them. Atmosphere - Newer, clean, busy, funny Food - I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. While labeled as improved, it still was damp to the point of making the bun soggy. I think they keep these things in a bath of chicken broth to maintain moisture. For my side, I opted for the healthy mandarin oranges instead of fries. This gave the girl at the the counter a good laugh...as she said "Oh, how cute". Service - Despite being made fun of...it was great. I called the counter girl out on it, in a funny way, by telling her that I was watching my figure. This got her and the girl behind her to laugh. Price - combo meal $6.54 Overall - I look forward to trying that apple pecan salad...you know..because I am watching my figure!
5	That's right.. Im writing about a Wendys.  Well.. When you impress me on all levels, this is what you get.  Well done Wendys.  Food came out looking like it does in the commercials and ever so fast.  The staff was friendly and experienced.  Annnnnnndd it was delicious.  Enjoy!PS. I love you chocolate frosty.Ian M.
4	Super busy location, right next to the Target. It's a drive-through which I always find very helpful.Standard Wendy's menu. I really like the value menu items because i find them to be an excellent, uh, value. Low cost, good eats. The "junior deluxe cheeseburger" has an actual piece of lettuce (not shredded) and a proper slice of tomato on there. By default, also mustard which I think doesn't belong on a burger.Very organized, quick service. Top notch for a Wendy's.
2	Maybe I just hit it at the wrong time, but 12:30 on a Thursday, the drive thru line wrapped around the building TWICE!... After jockeying for a parking space, I walked in and the line was to the back of the dining area.I walked away very hungry and frustrated as it took me another 10min to get out of the parking lot due to the wrapped drive thru line and all the cars trying to get in and out. FAIL.
1	Whatever happened to the great service at this location?!?!?!I remember before it was rebuilt, they had a stellar drive-thru service. So good that Dave Thomas (rest his soul) came to visit. Ever since the new one was built, you've got long lines inside and out. The cashiers don't really know what they're doing half the time. That's when a manager should step in. 2 registers and usually only one will be open. Another ridiculous thing is that they don't have "self serve" drink fountains (I don't think at any location). There's barely enough room to stand at the register to wait for a refill. The food is sloppy. A lot of times the order is wrong. It seems like the drive-thru has priority. Oh yeah, I remember when they came out with the "new fries" that they were guaranteed hot. That rarely happens.I actually like the "new" burgers at the Wendys' locations but this place is the pits!DAVE THOMAS IS SPINNING IN HIS GRAVE, FRANCHISE OWNERS!Your pal,Walter
1	Terrible, this place sucks. I have eaten here often , due to being in close proximity to work, the employees seem to mosey around at their own convenience, take their sweet time taking your order, making the food., refilling your drink. They could learn a thing or two from Chic-fil-A
1	It's late. I get it. But for someone to not even say a word let alone look at you is just pathetic. No "thank you" no "have a good night" nothing. Just an eye roll and attitude. I don't expect much when it comes to fast food. But seriously this is pathetic.
3	I'm thinking there might be new management at this particular location, so I will tip-toe around with boosting it's rating.FINALLY, they opened the second register that has been collecting dust!FINALLY, they got my order out quick and right!FINALLY, it's clean inside and the lines aren't out the door!FINALLY...well, no they still haven't stepped up with having self-serve beverage stations so you don't have to interfere with the cashier in order to get a drink refill.:(Your pal,Walter
2	I got stale buns here once. Like, not even edible. I've never received good food here off the 99cent value menu. The people seem friendly, but the service is slow. Pony up a few more bucks and go to Chipotle across the street
2	The food is good and the drive thru service is fast...to a fault.The food is always good and hot.  If I had to review the food it would have 4 to 5  stars; but the service on a particular day this month was a  little troubling.I come to this Wendy's often.  I work in the area and they are always moving very fast. and it seems if you are not on the same pace they are a litte annoyed.My order was $4 and some change.  I gave the cashier a $10 bill and she only gave me change back as if I gave her a $5 bill.  I asked for the rest of my change and she said you only gave me a $5 bill.  I told her she was wrong and she called for the supervisor...actaully she yelled for the supervisor.  I pulled to the front talked with the supervisor, they count her drawer and it was as I said...I gave her a $10 bill.  I don't think the young lady was trying to scam me BUT I know they are moving very fast and they need to slow down b/c incidents sunch as these  The supervisor was blah towards me and not very apologetic at all.  If the supervisor was apologetic I would have felt better.  I would just make sure you say out loud what you are giving the cashier so you both are aware of the money given.
4	Unlike many of the Wendy's I've frequented in the past, this location never gets an order wrong. I never have to ask twice for sauce, or ask for a straw. The food is usually nice and hot. The people are polite and friendly. Never have I encountered the type of person who hates their job and doesn't care to hide it. The place is open late, and I mean late -- three or four in the morning, depending on the day -- which is great. Sometimes the drive-thru line can be lengthy and, in turn, the wait long, but I don't mind it too much. It's solid food that's of very consistent quality, and the sanitation rating is always good. I drive there, oftentimes bypassing the much closer Burger King and McDonald's.
