4	Your basic combination of standard gelato store & Coldstone Creamery. A large selection of gelato, smooties and Coldstone-like combination desserts. I went with the Black Coffee - coffee gelato, Heath Bar & pecans. Good flavors, fast & friendly service. The medium with tax was $5.50 - pretty typical.  One detraction - I believe the stone was not cold enough - the gelato was very soft and melted soon after leaving the store. Maybe best to eat there.
4	So I just climbed up "A" hill/mountain/whatever and needed to replenish a few calories... I went in search of Cold Stone Creamery, and was very surprised to walk into what used to be CSC is now Sparky's Old Town Creamery. It's pretty much the same darn thing, just as good, same ice cream, same toppings, etc. If you like CSC, you'll really like Sparky's Old Town Creamery. I had the banana ice cream, with walnuts and bananas. Wow ,Mouthgasim.
3	Sparky's is pretty standard as far as ice cream shops go these days.  A few dozen flavors, plus a few dozen candy/nut/fruit tidbits that you can mix in.   We sampled quite a few flavors.  My husband and I decided to share the dark chocolate with some peanuts mixed in, while my stepdaughter chose the cheesecake with coconut mixed in.  The dark chocolate was good- not too sweet, which was good.  However, the peanuts were whole and I think there were only like, 7 of them in the whole cup of ice cream.  My stepdaughters cheesecake ice cream was sickeningly sweet which was perfect for the palate of a 6 year old but I thought it was disgusting.Sparky's is easy for us to get to on the orbit and far better than Mojo which is a little further north on Mill.  There's a decent selection of flavors, so it's likely everyone in your crowd will find something they like and the prices are reasonable.  Put all of those factors together and it means we'll probably be back before too long for another family ice cream outing.
4	So I hear Sparky's used to be a Cold Stone Creamery... I never would have guessed since they do a fairly descent job of hiding that fact. The self serve fro-yo stand is laughable with it's - what - 6 toppings to choose from. The assortment of chocolate offerings to buy looked good but I had a feeling they had been sitting there for a while. What was good was what was obviously left over from the old days... the cake batter ice cream and the cold board to mix my choice of toppings in to it on. Kudos for using fresh - the counter dude actually unwrapped two Reese's peanut butter cups - for my ice cream. Enjoy!
5	I found this place accidentally when I tried to find Coldstone Creamery. Apparently it used to be Coldstone but now they are closed and Sparky's took over the place. Their ice cream is delicious! I tried the everlasting favorite dark chocolate and it makes me wanting for more so i double dared myself and tried the brown sugar maple bacon ice cream (yes you read it right!!) it's a fabulous bacon ice cream that tasted more like pie for me. You just gotta try it for yourself. The service is great! They even get you a drink. I'm a satisfied happy customer!
5	This place has it all!  Great service, creatively delicious flavors, amazing mix-ins, and free samples.  The flavors are strange (which is always a plus for me).  I tried the dark chocolate raspberry habenero which was sweet and fruity with a spicy kick at the finish.  It was delicious!  I also thought about trying the fluffernutter but opted instead to get the maple brown sugar bacon.  The girl behind the counter suggested I mix in butterfingers and so I went with her suggestion.  Honestly I could have jumped over the counter and kissed her it was so good!  It was the perfect mix of sweet and salty!  This ice cream was honestly one of the most amazing flavors I have ever tasted!  This is definitely a place I would try again!  I would love to try a new flavor, but I am scared to venture away from that amazing dish!  If you are ever out on Mill looking for an amazing treat THIS is your place!
5	I came here last night after going around parts of Mill Ave.  I wasn't very hungry because I had a minor stomach bug.  My friend told me to stick to light things which included sorbet.  I wasn't expecting to get anything at Sparky's, but I ended up getting the raspberry sorbet.  After a night of seeing my friends eat tacos, ribs, etc and drink some adult beverages, it was a relief to be able to swallow something into my stomach.  Like Cold Stone Creamery, they added toppings to mix into your ice cream.  I went ahead with the fresh raspberries.  I woke up this morning, and my stomach pain is gone!  I can't say this was the cure because I was getting better and was near the tail end of my stomach flu.  I just didn't have much of an appetite, and this little meal helped put something into my stomach to give energy for the night.  There were many delicious decadent flavors that I will try next time I am here at Mill.
4	So I was driving back from a work function when we decided that we weren't interested in going to work anytime soon. We thought ice-cream might be a good idea so we pulled up yelp and found this place. I didn't spend a whole lot of time looking it over, and I really didn't need to since I saw in a review that it had bacon ice-cream. That was enough for me (who doesn't love bacon!?!?) so we headed there right away. Now the location is good in the sense that it is around EVERYTHING on mill but it sucks if you just want to stop quickly. Luckily we did find metered Parking and were able to get in quickly. The rest of the ice-cream  was pretty basic.  they did have cinnamon and banana. The bacon ice-cream was good but I didn't settle on it. I think it is a fun place to go and it was very good ice-cream. The service was great and they were very kind. I think though that it isn't THAT much better than cold stone. I think they had a great idea selling bacon ice-cream though, because that's what got me through the door...
3	I've been here a lot over the years, because it is good ice cream, but they are never friendly and have gotten really stingy on ice cream and toppings. For the price, just give me the whole candy bar please? I've also been charged extra before, which never helps the experience.
3	Pretty good, even though I don't think I'd ever go back. I'm not much for Mill Ave, being that I'm 40 now. Who's a big girl now? I am!The service was ultra-friendly and I got to try a couple flavors before actually ordering. You can get cones, bowls and even shakes with your ice cream. Or yogurt. I honestly don't know if it's either or both, but it was good.They need more indoor seating, though there's hardly room for it. We had to sit outside. In July. During monsoon season. I went here on a date with a guy in a wheelchair.
3	I came here a few months ago and I have no idea why I'm just now writing a review. After hiking up "A" Mountain, a few of my friends and I were craving ice cream and walked on over to SOTC. After looking at their selection (and making my friend try their raspberry jalapeno ice cream), I got my default combo, cake batter, brownies, and kit kat. The service was good, price was expected, and the ice cream was ok. It wasn't quite on par with cold stone, but if I was on Mill and wanted ice cream I'd probably stop by again.
3	An alright icecream shop. Staff was pretty friendly, service was average speed, and prices were also average. I got a smoothie and it was decent-- not the best I've ever had. I'd say it's pretty mediocre.
1	I thought ice cream was like pizza in that even when it's bad it's still pretty good. Sadly, I was wrong. This ice cream was nothing but sweetened, iced milk with little to no flavor. Even the chocolate dipped waffle cone left much o be desired. Given how expensive it is, you'd think it'd taste a lot better. I ended up throwing half of mine away, which would normally be considered a crime in my book. Don't waste your money or empty calories here.
1	I will not go back.  After being greeted with a smile and a reassurance that at Sparky's they were flexible to make any ice cream we wanted, I ordered as I always order at Cold Stone: large candy land, divided into two cups.  With a smile, the employee said, "so you want two small?"  I repeated my request word for word, and she repeated her answer.  Her smile was definitely fake by now.  I smiled back and pointed out that they were not as accommodating as they claimed to be.  I ended up buying the overpriced two small ice creams (which my children were not able to finish!), and a dark chocolate ice cream for myself.  I did not taste the children's ice cream, but mine was bland as can be.  I left very dissatisfied by the service and the taste of the ice creams.
4	Every time we come to town my husband and I stop for a treat here.  This time I tried the raspberry chocOlate chile in a cone.  Sat inside because it was so hot outside.  Really enjoyed  my ice cream.  It certainly had a kick.
5	Great selection...amazing service! Hard to argue, Sparky's has the best ice cream in town!! This place is a landmark!!
3	Gotta give Sparky some credit for their free bumper stickers, "Stop staring at my cones" Well I didn't get a cone, but I still tried a cup of ice cream. I guess I thought since it said Gourmet, I didn't realize that the place is really just a Stone-Cold with a bit fancier ice cream. I sampled Brown Sugar Maple Bacon, but didn't taste much and German Choc. cake was only Ok. Finally settled on a pretty decent scoop of cinnamon ice fream with two mixin's ($5...one was free and the other cost me an extra $1 because I donated for holidays). The chocolate chips and chopped pecans made this a tasty treat, but the best ice cream on the planet usually does not include mixing stuff into the treat. It's just a preference, but yogurt gets the toppings, but ice cream should be ready to go from the bins.
5	A new favorite.  Something about the cream.  More of it I suppose.  This ice creame is freak'n amazing.
1	I love all the shops and eatery's down mill ave, and being a college student at ASU theres is no better place to spend your day than getting lost in all the buzz on mill. One day my boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to some ice cream (about a week ago) and walked in on one boy serving a family of five. We were third in line and waited for a good ten minutes. They were clearly understaffed but we didn't mind the wait; upon close inspection of all their ice cream flavors I spotted a DEAD COCKROACH on top of the strawberry ice cream. I was so disgusted I wanted to just walk out but seeing that the guy behind the counter didn't even notice it I had to point it out. He apologized and took the bucket of ice cream out then continued to serve the next customer. I dont know if I should be more disgusted at the boys nonchalant reaction or the customers who continued to order ice cream!
1	We were in Tempe on vacation...visited the creamery & used my debit card for payment.  Much to my surprise when reviewing my statement at home, a TIP was added to my original amount, by Lauren via 'the square' credit card processing system they use. I reported this illegal activity of altering credit card receipts to Gil, store manager, and Rebecca, GM, but have received no resolution.  I will ask my credit card company to investigate, but, BUYER BEWARE...Lauren still works at the creamery!!!
5	Wonderful service and tasty ice cream.
5	I have been trying new things and going to new places. I just happen to be near this establishment and felt like having a nice desert. I walked in and was immediately greeted with kindness. I asked for a sample of black cherry. It was not very cherry tasting. So I asked for a sample of strawberry. Now I like to get strawberry from grocery stores and think it's pretty good. But when I had this strawberry I was blend away. It was so good. Nice and flavorful. So I asked for a small cup and an option for 1 add in. I chose oreos. It was delicious. I'll definite come again.
4	Best creamery in town! They currently hand out buy one get one free coupons (limited to waffle cones or waffle bowls) if you get a medium or large icecream. Not sure how long the deal will last, but it's definitely a steal, and it's great for friends/lovers to enjoy. Some of my favorite flavors include dark chocolate, butter pecan, and nutter fluff. So good!!
5	I love love love ice cream! Sparky's has a large selection! I got to try a couple of samples before choosing the Nutella Banana Bread! It was so good by itself but I had some strawberries mixed in! Loved every bite. I checked in on foursquare and got a free waffle cone too! My pals and I sat outside at  one of their tables! Love the weather this time of year! Great ice cream, great times and great friends. Can't beat it!!
5	Craving some ice cream.  I stopped in here the other day and grabbed a cone.  I tried the chocolate with Oreo and it was great.  I will definitely be back soon.
4	I literally stumbled upon this place after a long NFL Sunday day-drinking session with a buddy. My fantasy team let me down again and I needed to wallow in a large bowl of ice cream.I've been eating a lot of ice cream. The place smelled fantastic. Just like freshly baked wafflecones. I'm not even sure if you bake your own there or if it was a wafflecone scented air freshener, but dang that was good. I ordered the Nutter Delux and was pleased. A little stingy on the toppings, but great nonetheless.A tip to everyone: Don't be a ice cream taster abuser. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7S9kJEfvI0Cya again soon.
3	Can we just call this for what it is? COLD STONE IN A SPARKY'S COSTUME! Pricey, complicated underwhelming flavors, and stale mix-ins. The fact that the card reader prompts you to add a tip is also off putting after we've spent nearly $8 on small servings of ice cream. Additionally, its such an awkward location where you can be harassed by religious zealots or riffraff hanging out on the sidewalk nearby. (The sidewalk opens up wider right before the entrance and is a popular hang out spot for the above mentioned.) No place to really sit indoors so you have to brave it outside. They do provide a lot of seating and will give you a lid to take your ice cream science experiment to go. One time we went in and realized they were closing. (My hubby didn't feel like walking down to Slickables down the street, our usual first choice.) The two employees were super nice and still took our orders. We gave them a good tip as we felt they deserved it. The workers have always been friendly and will let you try as many samples as you like. It's just that we've found that we don't care for many of the flavors.
3	Good spot for families and kids. Avoid the snow cones, but be sure to try a sundae in the waffle bowl. The coconut ice cream was excellent. My only complaint is they have much more chocolate/caramel flavors than they do fruity flavors.
3	Decent selection of ice cream and other sweet frozen treats. We went for the cold stone style mixed ice cream. I chose the double chocolate Oreo (Oreos, chocolate chips and sweet cream) and fellow yelper Dorothy C. went with coconut, gummybears, and sprinkles. We decided to go all out and order the chocolate dipped waffle bowls with sprinkles.
4	I love ice cream, so I now really like this place. My party just finished a movie and were like what's open at 945pm on a Wednesday? And behold the beauty of Mill Ave, just about everything is open late there. A person in our party raved about this place, so we went over. Lets just say it did not disappoint. I had the coconut and something else, but the coconut ice cream was excellent. I tried the Irish chocolate ice cream it was good and you could tell it was made with actual alcohol, because I'm allergic to alcohol.  So when I told them that and then asked to try the bananas foster, they told me that it also had alcohol and did not recommend it because of my allergy. They server said that several of their ice creams are made with alcohol, which was surprising to me. Then I realized I was on Mill Ave. So that surprised turned to "that's right."
5	Stopped in here while waiting for the girl to get her hair cut so I could earn some brownie points with her..... I got a Strawberry shake for her and a chocolate one for myself. I was happy to see they came with a free mix-in. I added strawberries to hers and m&ms to mine. The girl that helped me was fast and friendly, and she gave me some coupons for my next visit. The place was very clean. The shakes were delicious. They also have italian shave ice, which i'll have to try next time. The only thing I could say is that the bathroom was locked (I was the only patron at the time) and I didn't feel like asking for the key, but I don't really consider this a negative since it IS mill ave, after all.
5	If you are watching your sugar intake, make this your only 'sin' in town! I was so happy that I decided to stop in here while visiting the Tempe college campus. Hand created waffle cones, dipped in chocolate and sprinkles, and I'm not even going to share with what ice cream flavor I got, because you can't go wrong with any. My advice- stick to the flavor you love, and you'll love it even better after trying it.Great location! If you are taking the trolley that stops closely in front of this place to go see a Spring Training game- this is the perfect stop before that.
4	First time here visiting.  Nice selection of soft gelato type ice cream with various candies to mix in.  They have waffle comes and bowls as well as shakes, smoothies, coffee drinks, shaved ice and frozen yogurt.  Definitely recommend it!!
3	This place is just like coldstone creamery but the ice cream just isn't as flavorful but the prices are fair
1	I stopped here after dropping off a package at the post office, which was next door and let me tell you ... This place is a RIP OFF! I got a single scoop of vanilla ice cream on a regular cone and paid $3.60! That's outrageous! That'll be the first and LAST time I'll be getting ice cream from there.
3	Don't get me wrong, ice cream was good but dang $3.99 for a SMALL bowl.  Kiddos enjoyed it of course.  They had a good amount of seating in the small shop.
5	Hands down, some of the best ice cream I've ever had. The staff was really friendly and thorough in explaining flavors and prices. I expected some vaguely disinterested college student who did not want to be at work,  but I received the opposite. The woman who helped us was excitable and peppy and very sweet. I had the dark chocolate raspberry habanero ice cream made into a malt. BEST COMBINATION EVER
4	Ice cream is great. All kinds of unique flavors. The chocolate dipped waffle cones are very decadent. A little on the expensive side but hugh quality. The staff is friendly and helpful. Very welcoming.
1	Overpriced and the guy serving me had bad customer service and you can tell he just wanted your money
4	Great location, nice selection of ice cream and competitive prices.  All and all not too shabby of a casual ice cream spot.
4	Great place on Mill to get some ice cream if you have a sweet tooth.  The flavors are over the top creative and super yummy.  If you're not sure what you want, ask for a sample and they're happy to give you one.  They also have every topping you can imagine and they mix it up like Coldstone's....so yummy!
4	Stopped in after lunch at the Ncounter just for a smell (because we were all so full from lunch we could only handle a smell). The aroma of the waffle cones enticed us to take a peek. One thing led to another and before you knew it we all had a cup of ice cream in our hands. The young lady behind the counter was generous with tasting and explained the pumpkin beer ice cream. I settled on the salted caramel ice cream was rich and creamy and not too sweet. The ice cream is spendy, but because of the rich texture you only need the smallest amount and it's worth it.
5	OMG! Such yummy deliciousness!!! Customer service was topnotch! So many choices and free samples! Enjoyed a quiet evening people watching on Mill Ave while enjoying pure heaven on a spoon!
4	Went in here for brownies and ice cream. Which was pretty good. The service was good. They had Many selection to pick from and they said is Made fresh daily. Will go back again when I visit Tempe again.
