1	I recently moved here and needed to find a vet in order to get a new prescription for a medication my dog has been on for 12 years. What should have been a quick and easy job became tedious and frustrating. I took my dog in to have her examined and the vet wrote a prescription for her. I've ordered from the same on-line pharmacy for the past 6-8 years but was told when I called that this particular clinic was not affiliated with their pharmacy and I would have to either get them to sign on or use another. I chose the latter and had them fax a prescription to the vet office. I called the office that day, the day after and the day after that and each time I was given the runaround. They either didn't know about my prescription at all or that it wasn't the correct dosage or the correct amount or various other excuses. The last time I called I was told that they couldn't help me because the signing vet had left town and wouldn't be back for FOUR days. Never mind that they had two other vets in the office that could have signed on her behalf. No one seemed to know what they were doing and even worse, they acted like they could care less. In tears of frustration I called my previous vet in the state I'd moved from and they proficiently & politely filled my prescription. It really made me realize that good customer service is the backbone to any great company and you'd better believe that I'm on a new search to find another vet in the area.
4	I have been using All-Star Animal hospital since i moved here in 2006.  Today we went for a check-up and to have my dog's ears checked.  The staff here is always very friendly and helpful, and the doctors are very knowledgeable.  The only problem I have with them are their prices...they are pretty high, but it is a good quality of service...
5	Medical care can be compared to County level care or Mayo Clinic level care. County level care is poor. Mayo Clinic is world renowned. All Star Animal Hospital is Mayo Clinic level care for your pets. They are very well staffed so they can take time with you and your pet. They are more expensive (WAY more expensive) than the original vet I chose. I had a budget problem and had to take my puppy to Crossroads Towne Center Vet and received county level care. They were affordable but offered crap service. When I needed my puppies sutures removed after only 7 days, they refused to even see my puppy. I could see my pup had healed faster than normal, but they wouldn't even see me. I took my puppy to All Star and started to get the same speech (in a much nicer way). All Star was competent and knew 10-14 days is the normal healing time, but they took the time to look at my puppy. The doctor saw I was right and took the sutures out. All Star is where I will always take my dog. They are TOPS!!!!
5	When we got to Az a few years back we needed to find a vet. All Star was close and well priced. We are not novice dog owners, and i can be quite necrotic when it come to care of our Beagle Ben. I constantly ask questions, call 3 times after to follow up, and will question anything I think may be wrong. The vets here always smile, assure me of what I am thinking, give advice, and do not up sell anything to me. My dog loves them and so do myself and my husband. Thank you All Star for your clean office, wonderful staff and vets, and balanced prices.
5	Awesome office and friendly staff!!! I have been taking my dog there for over a year and every visit has been great.  Both Dr. Kara and Dr. Matt have been so helpful and caring!! I also get him groomed my Jen and she does a great job!!
5	I had called a few other places to have my daughter's guinea pig looked at. He wasn't well and I knew from what I'd read online he needed to be seen right away. It's not easy to find a vet that cares for these guys. I called 3 other places that weren't able to get us in. At All-Star the person on the phone said the Dr. had surgery that morning and asked what was going on. I told her I though URI(which is fatal if not treated quickly) and she put me on hold for a few moments. She told me to bring Butterfinger in right away and the Dr. would see him. Butterfinger needed antibiotics, the Dr. was so nice and I really appreciated that he took a few minutes out of his schedule to see us.Unfortunately, URI's can kill these little guys quickly and Butterfinger passed that night. We were called in the morning by the assistant who wanted to check on him and when I told her of his passing she was deeply compassionate. I will bring any of my animals here because you can tell they truly care.
5	Great experience here. They took good care of my dog when we brought her in. Top notch vets working here. Even when she got sick and we walked in they took her in and looked at her. And when our dog passed away they were extremely professional and courteous, they let us say goodbye one more time and they made whole process easier on us. They even sent a condolence card to us. I highly recommend this place.
5	All Star is the most caring, kind, considerate veterinary office!!!  I took my cat in to be put to sleep due to kidney failure and although this was one of the hardest things I have had to do, Brittney gave us a room and time to say goodbye and then carried him so gently back to be put to sleep.  These ladies and gentlemen are very caring and compasionate for animals and I appreciate that!  Sue P. Surprise, AZ
