3	On a recent holiday in Chandler, I was fortunate enough to sample Whataburger's bacon and egg "taquitos" for breakfast, which seem more like burritos where I'm from but whatever. I appreciate the server bringing the condiment tray to the table. Make sure to ask for some salsa, which they shrewdly keep hidden under the counter. That's some good stuff, man!
3	Came to Arizona to watch Wrestlemania with my buddies. I never heard of this place before, but saw enough Whataburgers around town that I was interested in trying it.Being a West Coast kid, no other fast food burger will ever hold a candle to In-N-Out Burger... and that's not an opinion. It's a fact.But that isn't taking anything away from the other fast food joints. The Whataburger may be better described as the Jumbo Jack and Whopper's love child. The size and meatiness of the Whopper combined with the taste and quality of a Jumbo Jack. Both are decent, so I wasn't disappointed. It's a fast food place that isn't In-N-Out Burger... I knew what I was in for.But there's one thing that Whataburger does better than any other fast food joint I've ever been to... they serve the ketchup in dippable sauce containers!
3	My husband and I were driving through Phoenix on the way back to Las Vegas from Tucson and we needed some nourishment for the rest of the ride. I spotted a sign for Whataburger, which they do not have in Nevada, so we decided to get lunch there...Whataburger is good because they allow total customization of the burgers. My husband likes jalapenos, Whataburger has them on the menu. The actual meat isn't anything to write home about though, just a basic, somewhat boring burger. Service was friendly and the bathrooms were clean, so thumbs up for that. I still prefer In-N-Out though...
2	Food was not so good. Staff did not look healthy; Whataburger needs to pay their PHX employees more money.
5	Love the burgers.  Love the breakfast even more.  And Diet Dr Pepper fountain drink - heaven.
3	Typical, good Whataburger food, counter service, and service to your seat.  No issues or problems.The odd thing -- an off duty employee coming in talking to on-duty employees about going to parties and partying ... all this RIGHT in front of the counter?  I was seated off in a corner and could hear it ... others seated much closer; I wonder what they were thinking?  Where was adult supervision?I understand co-workers have personal lives and they play and do things together, but would have been nice to enjoy a meal without four employees hanging out (3 in uniform, on the clock) talking about the parties the night before and where the parties would be that night.As usual, chain restaurants don't get high marks with me, even Whataburger, one of my all-time-favorites, and the lack of adult supervision is usually one of the biggest reasons.C'mon Whataburger, get some store managers who can grow a pair!
5	Green Chili Burger.....my fav fast food burger joint!
5	Although this restaurant is about 30 minutes from where I live, we love to go there every couple of weeks.  The place is always very clean and the food fresh and excellent.  Unlike most chains, Whataburger hasn't reduced portion sizes or lowered quality.  Parking is usually very good, although I usually conceal carry when I am in that part of town - I wish they would open a restaurant over near McQueen and Ocotillo - that would be awesome!
3	My first time having Whataburger. Tried the jalapeno burger was decent but the green chili burger is overrated in my opinion.
3	I would give it 3 1/2 stars. I am putting 3 because I just can't give it 4 but I feel bad giving it 3. It is good but not the greatest. For fast food it is a little step above bigger chains. It is kind of clean and kind of local. The Green Chili Double is really good. Sometimes they are hotter then others it depends on the chili but that is a good thing because at lest you know they are using real chilies and not some lab created trickery. Even a regular Whataburger Double with cheese is good. The fries are good too. They just aren't blow your mind good. Plus they have a rep for being a little on the dirty side. Just a little nothing to get them shut down just not white glove clean as some other places. Also they are just a few dollars more expensive then the regular fast food place.I would go again and I have once in a long while. Just not the first choice with so many other great places to choose from but still a choice.
1	I was in town for a business trip.  It was late.  I was hungry.  I just got gas before getting to the hotel to save time on the car rental return the next day and asked the folks at the gas station how this place was compared to Jack or Carl's and was told it was awesome.It was far from awesome, it wasn't even that good.  The drink and lid were terrible, they didn't fit right and caused it to leak a little.  I got a chicken sandwich the bread was a cool idea but it just didn't work for the meal.  Nothing was overly terrible but versus some of the other local fast food places nothing really sets this place a part or stand out.  Maybe breakfast is good but...wasn't willing to go back.
3	What can I say... it's a Burger.... but it's decent.
2	Ehh, not bad for a chain burger.  I think what I enjoyed the most was the value - practically every sandwich is under $4 (not the meal) and yet is a decent size.  The taste is kind of there and I like how they have a person that goes around with a condiment tray (spicy ketchup, regular ketchup, bbq sauce, picante salsa).Really, the biggest improvement to the burger would be meltier cheese.  The beef patty could use a tad more seasoning and the bun is about as exciting as Kristen Stewart's facial expressions.  With that said, I did have a blast assembling this tasty combination that I shall call The Whatafatass:Bacon cheeseburger + Whatachicken + french fries + picante salsa & spicy ketchup.
1	This is the worst Whataburger in their chain! They argue over who is stuck taking my order. They take at least twice as long as other Whataburgers to get your food out to you. They overcook the fries. They have a younger female employee with pink hair and red eyes that always smells like Marijuana. Her slow service reflects the fact that she is always high. When I complain to the GM (Robert), I am met with an ambivolent attitude. I would recommend the chemical burger at McDonald's before a return visit to this customer service Black Hole.
2	Hadn't been in a Whataburger in so many years I'd forgotten what it was like. Uh, now I remember. Dry, cooked-to-death patties on a hamburger bun that was oddly way larger than the meat, forgettable toppings, overall lack of flavor. Lots of good options out there for a fast-food burger - this isn't one of them.
3	This location is much cleaner and has a newer appearance than others I have visited. Overall I'm not a huge fan of their food. Burgers are so so and their combos are more expensive than I feel they are worth. This location is freezing cold, but clean. Seemed like they had too many employees working, many just stood around and chatted. Onion rings were super greasy, not a whole lot of breading or flavor. Milkshake was also mediocre. There are a lot of burger options out there, don't make this your number one.
4	I am not even kidding when I say that this is the best breakfast place around.  The prices are so low and the quality of the food and service is out of this world.  The biscuit  and gravy is amazing.  I have not had this great of gravy in a long time.  My all time favorite is the jalapeno cheese biscuit with sausage and egg. I dipped my hash browns in the gravy and it was insanely good.  We went through the drive through and it was a bit slow or I would have given them 5 stars for sure!!!
1	Being a native east coaster, I was so excited to try this food. I had been out the entire day and hadn't had a chance to eat yet,  so my friend and I stopped in late night on New Years Eve to grab a bite. The gentleman working the counter was very personal and attentive, and the food tasted pretty good... but the entire next day I was puking and running to the bathroom. I figured, maybe I am just getting to old to eat the way I used to... but after drinking a bunch of pepto, and a few amodiums, I was still having issues. I decided after a day and a half of vomiting, and intense digestion upsets to go to our local walk in clinic. $150 dollars later, they deducted I have bacterial induced colitis... they ran some blood work on me and results are pending. Considering this was all I had eaten in the 24 hour period, it's highly unlikely it came from another source. Please review proper food handling procedures with your staff, and hand washing etiquette with your crew members, before you people kill some one. I sincerely hope that no one else gets as sick as I am right now. Antibiotics, missing two days off work, feeling miserable, and having to be stuck with needless, and $150 of doctors bills, was not worth eating at your establishment. I will not return, and will ensure I do not recommend your stores or food to anyone in the future.
