4	I'll be honest, what I really wanted was a beer but I needed to find an adequate substitute for my carb craving that's socially acceptable during work hours.  Here's where Ben & Jerry's fit in with their abundance of sweet, sugary options!  I had heard that there was a B&J that opened up in downtown but to my surprise there was no indication of it on Yelp - your welcome Yelp community for putting this on the "map". I'm hoping that the weather had a lot to due with the fact that no one besides the work staff was in there.  It was chilly the day I went and I'm sure this place will get packed in the warmer months.  They have numerous options for flavors and from the menu they looked as if they could concoct your ice cream fantasy with ingredients on hand.  The place is new so it looks clean, let's hope they keep it looking like that.I ordered the Pina Coloda which hit the spot on a cold October day reminding me of the summer that just passed.  It is a bit pricey but typical for Ben & Jerry's - $4 for a small cup.  Downtown friends check it out!
4	Yum! We've been meaning to stop here. The 1st day that  this Ben & Jerry's opened, it was crazy busy-- I mean the line was all the way down Penn Ave. So we took a rain check and decided to head here this past Friday for dessert (which also happened to be light up night!)We were pretty full from our dinner and decided to split a sundae. There was also a deal for light up night that was 1/2 off sundaes (score!) We decided on the brownie sundae. The brownie was huge and it was covered with hot fudge... our choice. We could've also chosen caramel. We also got to choose our ice cream! We decided on the milk & cookies. It was vanilla ice cream with chunks of chocolate chip cookies & double chocolate chip cookies as well as a cookie swirl. YUM!! The workers were all very entertaining. I think it's awesome Ben & Jerry's works with Life's Work on this project. They were open an hour later due to light up night and the workers were still enthusiastic even though they were missing all of the fun activities outside of their door. They even started singing to the toons on the radio which was a good time and a great laugh. This Ben & Jerrys rocks!
1	I am just going to go ahead and give 1 star. During my experience the cashiers lacked any semblance of professionalism . They were clowning around behind the counter in a way that made me feel very uncomfortable and I felt was really inappropriate for a public space. My little sister got a cup of vanilla ice cream that tasted like air ...bummer.  She and I made light of the tasteless dessert. I got a small cone of coffee flavored ice cream. Her cup and my cone came to $9.58.  This Ben and Jerry's location is for the birds.
4	The ice cream tasted great, just what you would expect from Ben and Jerry's.The only issue we had is that they advertise that their weekday hours are until 9:00pm.  We showed up at 8:45pm and they told us "Sorry, we're closed!".  We had to ask multiple times for them to serve us.  Once they agreed, they were perfectly pleasant.  I would understand their concern if we had come in at exactly 9:00, but 15 minutes before closing is ample time.I'd highly recommend it if you're downtown and want ice cream, but maybe come before 8:30pm just to be safe.
5	Just what you would expect from Ben and Jerry's with the added benefit of supporting a good cause. This Ben and Jerry's is operated by Life's Work that gives job training to young people who face employment barriers.I highly recommend the frozen greek yogurt.
