4	I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed yet, it was so much fun to stop in here and hope that it thrives in Phoenix!  It was 99 on the April day I stopped by, and there was a small team of people and a dog tending to the garden, steaming second-hand clothes on the wrap-around porch, and organizing things on the shelves.  I was there for 20 minutes and was the only visitor, and the owners/workers were super-friendly.  (They pointed me towards an out-of-this-world red velvet cupcake sold at a cafe at the end of the block.)Because I was so curious, they explained that their community garden supplies the farmers market and some cafes (the rhubarb was looking particularly hearty...) which I thought was awesome.  I never did get to the farmer's market, unfortunately.The store itself is small and very cool, with knick knacks and things you wouldn't necessarily look for, belts, jewelry, and vintage clothes at cheap prices ($18 for a cool English tweed blazer, thank you very much).  It was fun to look around at the groovy stuff they had out, and I wished another shirt or two had worked out for me.  I look forward to returning the next time I'm in town!
5	This place has the authentic feel of a country mercantile or a general store.  Always a friendly welcoming vibe and clearly a neighborhood anchor and community gathering place.  They celebrate the traditions of making and growing things with your hands, of recycling and repurposing... Living a sustainable lifestyle in all the right ways.  The co/op is filled with one of a kind items of good quality and reasonable prices, thoughtfully presented.  Quality wins out over quantity here, with vintage and modern items displayed side by side.  They showcase the work of some wonderful jewelry artists and have both mens' and womens vintage clothing.  You can find affordable craft tools, buttons and supplies, vintage linens and unusual antique curiosities.  There are opportunities to see artists at work and of course to participate in the ongoing care of the farm outside that extends right out to the curb.Every piece of clothing or jewelry I have bought here has generated many comments of "where did you get that?" from complete strangers.  I am happy to direct customers over to the GROWop as I know they will enjoy it and return again and again!  This is a fine place to shop local for yourself or for unusual gifts and it is great to know that your purchases help support the farm and cooperative.
5	This place is fabulous!  I love the vintage clothing and purses.  I could not get over the amazing handmade jewelry!  It was so well merchandised and so perfect!  The owner was there and was so sweet and nice!  I will be back and hopefully make a great purchase.  It is awesome to see local designers in this cute little boutique!
5	Let me ask you a question. Are you a fan of a certain vintage-esque store that ends with 'ology? Well how about the same style but in local format? This is what you find at GROWop which is quite possibly one of the neatest little boutiques out there! GROWop lives in a historic home surrounded by a delightful (and also important) garden. The garden elves grow herbs that are sold at the Farmer's Market and also to popular restaurants such as Cibo. It's adorable and looks like a scene from the Wizard of Oz or Alice in Wonderland (especially with The Valley of Sunflowers caddy-corner). Once you've passed through the garden, you step into the boutique filled with unique finds, many of which are made by local designers. The delicious scent of burning candles linger through the two room house and on the porch. Every section of the boutique is filled with treasures and mixed with some vintage, some locally made and some handmade finds. They have everything from one-of-a-kind dresses and candles to locally made jewelery and vintage clothing.  The items here range in price but nothing is over the top and it's nice to know that the money spent is staying in the Phoenix economy! This is absolutely a must when searching for a unique item or gift and you can even walk to the next street for a cup of coffee for a shopping break when you're done!
5	I think I am in love. This place is heaven for anyone that is a fan of Anthropologie, but wants to show some local love and support Phoenix's local businesses. GROWop is one of the quaintest, sweetest little boutique stores out there. They are located in a little historic home that's surrounded by a garden. Music to your ears already I am sure. There are so many unique finds in this tiny little shop and the decor makes you feel like you are going back in time with old bookshelves, typewriters and more. There are vintage finds, locally made pieces, cute little dresses and the best smelling candles. Prices range from totally affordable to perhaps just hitting the top of your price points (depends on what you are looking for and what your willing to spend), but nothing crazy expensive. I can't wait to go back and do some more browsing. Plus the staff is super nice and has a great mix of music playing in the background. I wouldn't mind a little nook for me to just hang out with a book with the sweet scents in the background.
5	An exceptional boutique that pairs retail with urban farm.As you walk up to this historic home, your attention is first caught by the neat rows of veggies nestled in the front yard (which I believe are sold at the farmer's market on Central).  Finally stepping through the front door, the sweet and thoughtful product displays will likely enchant and bring a smile to your face.  Each little table and nook is lovingly curated with gracefully aged vintage and lovely recycled/re-purposed goods.  I found myself particularly taken with an assortment of bottle openers, made from re-purposed wrenches.  Further along, I found some fabulous clip-on bow ties made from vintage fabrics.  ("Bow ties are cool", ya' know.)  Throughout, GROWop noticeably distinguished itself with its visual merchandising and consistent tone and mood.  They seem to understand their client and image better than most small business boutiques and as well as national specialty stores.Apparel seems to be geared towards ladies, but there are a few goodies for the men as well.  Regardless, stop by (particularly on First Fridays) and admire the delightful space they've created.
5	I've only poked my head in once and there is quite a variety of items for sale.  I mostly know GROWop for their outside garden which brightens up the neighborhood.  They grow their own fruits and veggies and sell to local restaurants.Also a very popular spot for during First & Third Fridays Art Walk.  Sunday is their local gardening day if you want to come play in the dirt and give back to the community.Just volunteered on Saturday as they help maintain the Valley of the Sunflowers in the vacant lot directly south of them.
4	Absolutely LOVE the gardens surrounding this place. They even have a chicken coop in their backyard, with a chicken named Georgia!The store has some odd hours (only open Thursday - Sunday from noon to 7), but I really enjoy the vintage and locally-made offerings they have inside. There is an ever-rotating collection of necklaces, bowties, vintage shoes, purses, artwork and more! They also carry Aspen Bay candles. The staff are very friendly but they leave you alone to browse, which I like. I highly recommend checking this place out on Third Fridays, or any other time!
5	I stopped in here on First Friday with no ambition to make any purchases that night. It was probably the effect of a few beers earlier consumed. But I found a bow tie that just had be bought! Even though I've never owned a bow tie before. Or had any idea how to tie. But I had the perfect dress shirt to pair it with I could stand the idea of some hipster getting his hands on it. So, it's now part of my work wardrobe. Sure, I've had to tie it on my thigh (on the light rail, no less) to get the knot just right, but it really is the coolest thing I own that I bought on First Friday!Can't wait to get back there and get more bow ties!! This (and really most of Roosevelt Row) is exactly what this city needs to create a destination neighborhood.
