5	Huge place to shop for kitchen and restaurant uses...they carry lots cool things...check it out!!!
4	Great store that's open to the public.They have a great selection of disposables in plastic, aluminum and foam. They also sell individually making it optimal for home use and small businesses that don't need cases of 1,000 pieces each.They also have an amazing collection of small kitchen appliances at amazingly low prices. Examples: small digital kitchen scale $15, small hand mixer with plastic stand $13.50, small food processor $10.
5	I could spend a week in this store and still not see it all. They have everything that you could ever need from the home cook to party needs to restaurant supplies and equipment. The prices are spectacular. The only problem is that I don't have room for all the cool dishes, equipment and pans that I want to take home! I love this place....it's my new fave!!!!
5	I shop here all the time for baking supplies and I love the people and the selection. The people are really friendly and helpful. The selection is huge and well priced. I send my friends here if they are looking for baking supplies and other stuff like that.
5	i love this place. first of all no membership required. second of all huge parking lot. finally, all the staff is wonderful and helpful whether it is the sales staff or the cashiers. Wear comfy shoes coz this place is big
4	Cool place to shop! This gigantic warehouse sells almost everything you can think of that is kitchen and/or restaurant related. From large refrigeration units, prep tables, to smaller items such as plastic cups and measuring spoons, you can spend a good chunk of time browsing through all the aisles.We picked up some metal shelving units (For an outdoor bbq table project), 2 spray nozzles, and a few bottles of sugar free flavored syrups. The selection of syrups is quite large, for both regular and sugar free. They sell DaVinci brand, and such flavors included peppermint, chai tea, and pineapple.Check out was odd in that apparently only one lane can use the computer system at a time to pay. As a result, while the check out clerk scanned everything quickly, there was a bit of a wait while she had to wait for the other clerk in the other lane to finish her transaction.Overall though, if you are looking for any type of kitchen wares for a reasonable price, this is a good choice if you're in the area.
