3	Decent bottle selection (what do you expect) but very weak tap selection and spotty service. Yes, they hire good looking waitresses. I queston the overall quality of the food, but I have had the occasional great meal there.
3	Waitresses are definitely hired for their attractiveness and one look at the menu will back that statement up.  Scattered among the typical bar food choices are glamour shots of the young ladies, occasionally with local celebs (read: Steelers).  It's really kind of funny.  Pretty to look at, but hit and miss on actual service and drink mixing ability.However, this place is always buzzing with the Chartiers Valley locals.  A good people watching place to see folks you used to go to high school with.  Parking is plentiful and they are open until a decent hour, so it's a great alternative for locals who don't want to go "dahntahn", but want to mix with a crowd.  They play recorded music and have lots of flat screen TVs if there's a game on that you want to see.  It's been recently remodeled and expanded, so business must be good.Wide selection of beer as the name suggests.  Lots on tap and plenty of bottles.  Apparently it's kind of a help yourself to the coolers for bottles then wait (and hope) for your waitress to come by and open it for you.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants.My husband and I started going to The Bottleshop when we moved to the area.  Yes, the waitresses are hot. Very hot.My self esteem occasionally takes a nosedive as soon as one of them sidles up to the table...but then I start sampling from the amazing selection of craft brews from the refrigerator cases (that line an entire wall!) and I forget that I will never look as good in tiny cut off jean shorts as the wait staff  does.The food selection is typical American fare, sandwiches, wraps, burgers, salads, wings...the usual. They usually have decent beer specials, and since their expansion they've added more taps, so there's usually a something yummy (craft beer) on draft.I will warn you though, in the past year its become a very popular place for young ladies (using that term loosely) and bros to hang out.If you go to eat any time after 7:30 p.m. on the weekend you will get to enjoy to the parade of skanky-ness that comes out at dark.  The place becomes so packed you will actually be able to TASTE the perfume/cologne  in the air around you.It's likely that you will have to wait a very long time to to get a table.We tend to go before then, so we don't have to deal with the hoards of these "lovelies".
3	Awesome beer selection but only OK food. Nothing special on the menu.
2	Huge beer selection.  About 30 drafts and  it looks like hundreds of different type bottles (not really sure).Waitress was terrible and even said so when we were paying.  Were is the management?We had a large group and ordered several apps.  Took 50 minutes for the apps.  The wings are OK but about the time we were finishing the wings our waitress finally showed up with plates for everyone and napkins.  Not great to eat a wing and have no place to put the bone.  The nacho's came out cold with some of the worst cold soggy cheese. Meh. Finally were asked if we wanted to order our meals and it took 45 minutes. Most just ordered some type of burger and most said it was well done, not the way it was ordered.  I chose the Santa Fe wrap and it was OK.The place was so noisy, yea the football games were on.   So if you are not in a hurry or just want some beer this is an OK place.
3	Went here after work on a busy evening, when you first walk in you can see a white neon glow from the right side wall that is actually a large beer cooler- it looks like you can just walk up and grab your own beer from the cooler-awesome!Had the special for dinner, stuffed peppers with red potatoes- it was decent, not out of this world good, just OK.  We also ordered the spinach dip- the 2nd place in PA that I tried the spinach dip and it just isn't that great, I am not sure what the deal is- the price seemed a little steep to me for what you get, but then again I was just visiting the area so not sure if that is typical price for that part of town.Service was great, and the bathroom's were clean.this place was very busy though and really loud.
2	Pittsburgh's hottest waitresses who don't know how to waitress! Aside from that, this place has a HUGE beer selection. Food is mediocre. I occasionally come here for lunch.
2	I have gone too the Bottle Shop many times over the years. Sitting around the bar is nice, you have the bartender right there to open the beer you get from the cooler. But sitting at a table has never been a good experience. Tables are not cleared until you go sit at it and have to avoid touching someones used napkins, plates, and glasses. The waitress came to our table, refilled my drink, then saw another drink was empty and only refilled that glass while the other two drinks at the table were empty. She made 4 trips with 4 drinks.The beer selection is great, the owner is a very nice guy, but the girls working there need to learn how to serve tables. They said they were sorry but it was busy, but they had 6 girls working the shop and it was not as full as it is during a Pens game.
3	Great beer selection, good food, spectacular scenery, but...the service is not up to par.  It may be as simple as adding an extra server or two.  Same goes with the bartender area.
4	I've always liked stopping in at the Bottleshop. As for beer, their selection is hard to beat. And I have to say, I think the prices are pretty reasonable when you consider the selection carried.Their food is pretty good. Not great, but pretty good. I would say it's a step above your average "bar food" menu, but it definitely isn't gourmet either. But with that being said, you get a good meal for what you pay for. I've never really been disappointed, just don't go expecting to rave about the food. But I've never complained about it either!
1	Come look at our boobs...I mean, beer selection. I've been to this place a bunch of times, but not since they remodeled, until yesterday. The bar looks great, but the restaurant is unbelievably neglected. Burned out overhead lights make the place seem like a dive. Easily the most filthy floor I have ever seen. Very hot waitresses that have no business waiting (they giggle a lot and say "like, sorry I totally forgot that, he he" way to often). Here was my dinner experience yesterday:No lights on?! - The light from the dark day outside and T.V.s made me think I was going to sit next to an 80 year old woman chain smoking or a construction worker burping the alphabet.Slip and Slide - The floor is disgusting. Worse than any dive in the city.squashed french fries, used napkins, spit, sticky booze, and the like. Slipped several times.Hookers or Waitresses? - This isn't Hooters, but you wouldn't know it from the completely clueless staff with giant boobs, fresh fingernail polish and about 3 inches of cover up on their faces. Our waitress didn't know the specials and when we found it on the menu said, "oh -- he he -- I didn't know that". So much body spray, I smelled like her 2 hours later. Their menus are covered with photos of famous Pittsburgher's with these waitresses like they are cheap hookers. But it's okay because...Every guy at the bar is a stereotypical douchebag. -  Baseball hats just a little askew to look cool, shell necklaces, perfectly white K-Swiss shoes and sleeveless button up dress shirts. All these guys did (about 50 of them) was drool over the waitresses and flirt drunkenly. Very loud and distracting. Bar food or fine dining? - Bar food is average, very average. In the mood for Fillet Minion? They have it. The menu has everything, but its a mess. A joketastic mess. Also the menus are sticky torn and have many sauces all over them. Some interesting choices though and my wings were okay.Beer - Tons in the bottle, but their taps are very lacking. As if saying we are to good for the city of Pittsburgh (this place is in Bridgeville, not the city of Pittsburgh), the have zero local beers on tap. In the real city of Pittsburgh, that is a sin.The bill - 2 beers, three meals = $60=tip!!!!!! Crazy!!!!!! The attitude of this place goes as follows. "Hey, we give you "hot" girls to look at and we have every dish ever created. And beer. So we can charge what we want because the average income in the area is over $65K a year. Did we mention the chicks? Hot chicks man!"Skip it...defiantly skip it!
3	Good selection of bottles. Decent draft selection and decent food.  Go for the beer!
3	Nothing too special about the bottle shop other than the selection of fine waitresses and beer options which explains why the place was full of mostly guys.  Food is standard bar fare- nachos, fries, and wings.
3	I see a lot of complaints about service, but when I went our server treated us well.  The beer selection is fantastic and they don't mind you self serving out of the fridges when it's not crowded.  Loads of TV's for sports is another draw.The food is just okay.  I wouldn't go for the food, our appetizers were "meh", our sandwiches weren't worth it and my friends wings were bland and soggy.  Go for the beer.
1	SLOW...SLOW...SLOW.....the food is terrible....think it is straight from sam's club
3	I got a call Sunday morning from good friend (Jimmy is his name and he is the only friend of mine who looks like Jesus Christ) who I'd not seen in over a year. "You wanna meet me at the Bottleshop Cafe and we'll catch the Steelers?"  I agreed, I pass this place daily on the way to the gym, but never stopped in. We met outside the place and walked in.It's a huge place and great for watching games. Two giant projector TVs are on both sides of the bar and smaller HiDef TVs are everywhere, not a bad seat in the house. There are about 17 beers on tap including 6 pretty good IPAs, and about 150 types of bottled beer. I chose a terrific IPA, Route 113, and Jesus, er, I mean Jimmy ordered a Red Stripe Jamaican Lager. We sucked them down fast, and figured we better order something to eat. Nice menu, the usual with some pretty amazing surprises thrown in to keep you on your toes. One of the surprises was fried duck wings, panko crusted and deep fried. I ordered the red pepper roasted hummus, served with warm pita points and a side of chopped purple onions, it was a nice crunchy topping for the smooth, garlicky, flavorful hummus. Friend Jimmy ordered the Big Texas Burger, a six ounce patty with two strips of applewood smoked bacon, cheddar, onion rings and something called Bottleshop sauce. Looked mighty tasty, even to a vegan. He had a side of smashed potatoes and a pickle. Why only three stars? The service was sad. I had to ask our waitress three times for the check and when it did come it seemed awfully high. We did some quick arithmetic and discovered she charged us for three beers each when in actuality we each had two beers each. Padding the bill? No idea, honest mistake, no idea. Keep track of what you eat and drink here, you may save ten bucks on the tab.
1	I have been to the bottle shop a few times and every single time there is an issue. I would double check your bill if you plan on going to this bar.  The last time I was there not too long ago a friend of mine bought a round of beers for me and my friend and when we tabbed out my friend noticed that we were charged for that beer?  We only had a few and it was easy to tell - especially since she only had two beers..   When we brought this to the attention of the bartender.. all we received was hostility not professionalism. The food is ok but nothing exciting..typical bar food.. I wouldn't recommend this bar to anyone because of the service.
4	Great food and beer selection
4	Excellent selection of beer, many drafts and even more bottles, food is good and the prices are right.
2	What happened to this place?The Bottleshop used to be this unique place with an awesome beer selection.  My husband had lunch with his groomsman @ the BS the day of our wedding and we've taken out of town guests in the past... We hadn't been in about 6 months and wanted to catch the end of the Pens game after dinner with friends.  Let me just say, it'll be an even longer time before we return again.  The place was packed, which, at first, was good to see for a local business.  The waitress finally came over and took our order... she was so scantily clad that I was a little uncomfortable looking at her. The attitude just seethed out of her to the point where we felt as if our order was a bother to her.  Every time we turned around to try to find her, she was either flirting with the douche bags at every table around us or txting.  Aside from that, the beer selection has totally changed.  They used to have coolers lining the walls full of an amazing selection.  Now, their selection isn't far off from what you'd expect at, god forbid, an Applebees or TGI Fridays.  The food was never that great, but the beer selection and laid-back atmosphere made up for it.Not sure what happened here, but pretty sure we won't be back.
3	I have had lots of great times here, most of the waitress ive dealt with at the place have made me feel like the nerdy kid asking the head cheerleader to dance. The food is allwase decent or amazing and the beer selection allwase gives me something new to try ; which for me says a lot because I go out of my way to find new beers
4	Great beer selection.  I've never eaten here but its a good place to grab a drink.  prices are decent.
3	The beer selection is great if you're into that but for the rest of those who only go for liquor or wines the selection is about normal for an establishment this size and the prices perhaps a bit stiff unless you're there during happy hour.A bunch of us went there as part of a get-together.  Our serve was nice and attentive, so that was a big plus knowing that the size and loudness of our party wasn't going to trigger slower service.  Both apps and entrees were ordered and by the end of the night all of our individual checks were correct, so that was awesome.The food was good.  The beer was cold.  And the service was efficient.  Definitely would go back if I was in the mood for a beer, otherwise I would probably try something different just to get a more diverse set of food options.
1	Pretty girls.  Pretty awesome beer list.  Pretty awful food.  Pretty awful service.  Pretty low cut shirts and yoga pants.
2	My friend and I went here in the late afternoon for a drink or two and a meal. We found the selection to be great but the service and food were lackluster. We wanted to give this place a fair shot after hearing so many mixed reviews but it took several minutes before we had a staff member even acknowledge us. This bottleshop could be a great hangout for group and friends a like but it's anything but.
2	Two stars indicates "Meh, I've experienced better," and sadly, that's about all that's necessary to say. The bottle selection that takes up one wall of coolers is great. The draft list isn't bad. The servers behind the bar were more interested in talking to each other, though if someone needed something, they were pretty attentive, at least to us sitting around the bar.The food was..mixed. I had a Chicken Caesar Wrap and my chicken was a bit dry, though boyfriend said his Santa Fe Chicken Wrap was good. I brought a Philly Cheesesteak Hoagie to my father and he loved it.Gotta say, they need to step up their fry game, hard core. You can tell their the kind that are kinda battered and double-fried and these were soggy and the crispy exterior was cracking.
3	I went to the Pittsburgh Bottleshop for the first time this past weekend. Overall the food was decently good but the restaurant itself isn't anything spectacular. I had a shrimp po boy, which was on special that day and it was really good. I have no complaints about the food at all. But the service is a little bit...meh. I'll agree with other reviewers that it's apparent the waitresses are probably hired based on how attractive they are. A big hint of this is that the menu features more pictures of the smiling waitresses in tiny tank tops than it does of the actual food. I get that some places just operate this way, which is fine, especially for a sports bar. But I do wish the service was better. It took our waitress about 15 minutes to take our order. Then once we had our food she never checked back until we had already been done for ten minutes. If you're in the area I'd say it's an a-okay place to stop for lunch or a few drinks, but it's definitely not a place I'd make a special trip for.
5	Lookin' to catch the Steelers game with your buddies at place that doesn't scream "dinky hole in the wall"? Would you like to buy a nice dinner at shockingly reasonable prices as well as slug down some delicious craft beers, all served by foxy, bodacious babes? Then look no further than the Pittsburgh Bottleshop, stranger!Pittsburgh Bottleshop has earned quite high praise from foodies and sport fans alike within the few years this place has existed. I always go for the tender and juicy Rib Eye steak, which is seared to perfection with a choice of wholesome sides, all for a surprisingly low $12 a plate. What kills me is that the price of the meal is about the same, if not less, than the cost of raw ingredients that you could snag at the local Giant Eagle to make the same plate yourself. The way I see it, the Pittsburgh Bottleshop takes a loss leader position on the food, hoping you'll stick around for the booze and the sports. I'd say it works well for them. Older reviews mention the shoddy levels of service in this establishment. Fortunately, despite experiencing a slower than usual wait time at the table, I was given friendly smiles and plenty of eye candy to make up for it. I really can't complain too much, especially with the low prices.
3	Pretty sure this place descriminates against the pale, non yoga pants wearers of the world when hiring waitresses unless tanning is a part of the uniform SO if you want to  attend a sausage fest trying to pick up bartenders check out the bottle shop. Otherwise decent food and beer selection.
4	Great beer selection. Very cute wait staff. Always a decent crowd at night. Food is pedestrian.
3	The top attraction to this place seems to be the pretty waitresses.  No question, they are pretty.  But the food is also pretty good at a good price. Nice beer selection.  Try the Mixed Grill or Angus Cheesesteak.
3	When the first draft I tried to order was out, they immediately lost a star.  It looks like they have a lot of taps but the selection isn't the best.  There is a wall of coolers, though, so I eventually made my way over there for a few bottles.  We also ordered food, I had a turkey wrap and my friend a burger.  Food was average, not bad but not something I'd go back for.  I did kind of like the U-shaped bar surrounded by tables.  I was not a fan of the front wall of windows.  I had no complaints about the service however the menu cover is pictures of, I can only guess, their favorite patrons and pretty servers.  It didn't seem to go at all with the rest of the atmosphere, at least when I was there.  I can see it being a cool place to watch a game, but I don't really get that friendly neighborhood bar feel.It's difficult to decide between 2 and 3 stars.  I mean, for the 2, yeah, I've experienced better and I don't think I'll go back.  But the 3 is A-OK.  I'm stuck in the middle but will post this review with 3 only because other than being out of my first draft choice, I did not have any other major complaints.  Pittsburgh Bottleshop needs to decide if it wants to be more upscale with better beer selections and menu entrees or more of a sports bar where it's okay to have Miller Lite on tap and lots of fried appetizer specials during Steelers games.  Right now it's somewhere in the middle, kind of like my rating.
