5	Elora, this one is for you! So after a horrible experience at Sumita Beauty where my eyebrows were offered up as sacrifice to the wedding gods (see review for Sumita Beauty... Hopefully, this is the only thing that will go wrong for my wedding), I went home, despaired at the result I got for trying to fix my eyebrows with a brow pencil, washed my face, despaired some more, and headed straight over to Sephora at the Meadows Mall, right inside JC Penney. Why this Sephora? Mostly because after my traumatic experience with strangers, I wanted to go somewhere I knew and felt comfortable with. Not to mention I was out of Argan Oil. Anyway, I went straight up to two lovely ladies at the counter and asked them for their help restoring my brows as much as they could (and showing me how to do it myself). Elora was on it, and in 10 minutes, my brows looked so much better! No one noticed I had janky brows all day, and the makeup she recommended (Anastasia) did not run at all. Thank you so much saving me! You totally averted this brides impending nervous breakdown!
5	They have everything I want in cosmetics
1	Maybe it's just because I did a quick in and out and only spent about 10 minutes within Sephora, but I felt very neglected as a customer. Normally, I'm not one to like someone in my face asking me if I want them to hold my things at the counter, but that particular visit I didn't even get as much as a glance. Everyone was just standing around talking. I had called 20 minutes prior to my arrival to ask if they had a palette in stock, which they did. I then asked the girl I spoke with to hold it at the front counter as I'd be in within the hour. My palette was not held and I had to find it on my own. Walking and looking for it isn't what bothers it. It's the fact that I asked for it to be held and it wasn't.Since it's the holiday's and the location I went into is inside of JCPENNY, they're giving out  pins with every purchase that you enter the code online and you could possibly win a prize. Well, I ended up winning a $5 certificate. I was so excited. I was going to go back and buy another palette! I called twice to make sure I could use it in Sephora. Both times, I was assured I'd be able to. So, I went and picked out my palette. Again, with terrible service and no one asked me if I needed help finding anything. I finally picked which one I wanted and headed to the register. I handed her my item and asked her to hold on so I could pull up my $5 certificate on my phone. She said "Oh, we don't take those here." At first I thought she was joking, but then I could tell she was serious. She said "we just give them out". What kind of crap is that? You give the pins away, but if I win a certificate, you won't honor it? That's probably the dumbest thing I have ever heard. I am so livid over this. They HAD a 2 star rating, but this will SURELY bring them right on down to 1.
2	As a person who does not really use a lot of makeup, I was pretty intimidated by the vibe. I asked one of the workers where I could find a certain product and she came off pretty rude. The worker who checked me out, on the other hand, was very friendly. Just depends on who you talk to there.
1	One of the store managers Tori has the worst customer services. Not to say that all the employees there are that way because I've had other great experiences. I tried to exchange a defected item with a receipt and  she told me "I used it and I couldn't return it" & "good luck trying to return it at another location." I assume a $22 exchange it's worth the Sephora no hassle motto. I called another location after leaving and explained everything and they took care of me. Sad store.
5	I normally don't shop at this Sephora, but I had a pretty disappointing experience at the Sephora at Downtown Summerlin, so I figured I'd give this one another go.There were about 3-4 employees in the store. I had my eye on the KVD 'Lovecraft' lipstick (MAC dries my lips out pretty bad, which is a bummer for the look I was going for, but I am a die-hard KVD make-up enthusiast and that is totally forgivable) and was looking for a Lipliner to help with that Kylie Jenner Mauve lip craze that's been plaguing Instagram. About five minutes into shopping, this totally awesome employee (I hope I remembered his name correctly) named Dillon was asking me if I needed help with anything. He was super sweet and helpful and he helped me find a perfect Lipliner (NARS) for my KVD lipstick. I was so ecstatic! I don't think I've ever had someone at Sephora help me as well as he did and I hope he sees this 'cause I was so stoked about my purchase! Please hire more people like him! I've been to all the Sephoras in town and this was the first time I've ever received really amazing customer service. The cashier was really sweet also!!!
