3	I'll start with a fact. Arizona Shuttle is one of the only and most economic options in Arizona for getting from city a to city b if you don't have or don't want to use your car and it does so for a relatively cheap price of $27-$37. Is it the most comfortable and best smelling trip? Nope. While taking a trip to Tucson for Yelp Tucson's very first elite party, I had a ride back but not a ride there so either we would have two cars going back or I could do something like the shuttle. And since I hate driving on the 10 late at night, I opted for the latter. Enter Arizona Shuttle. It just took a couple clicks on the internet to make my reservation and after confirmation, they told me to meet at Sky Harbor Airport at 11:15 and the shuttle would leave at exactly at 11:30. Well, I arrived at 11:15 but did the shuttle leave at 11:30? Nope...more like 11:50. So I rushed to check in at the time they told me, but then I waited around for 40+ minutes before the shuttle left. They offered several different shuttle times too and I chose the 11:30 one because it would get me to Tucson when I need to be there, but since the shuttle was 20 minutes late, it then made me 20 minutes late in arriving to Tucson. When relying on a shuttle service like this, I was hoping they would be on time since I planned my schedule around the shuttle leaving on time. I understand it may take longer to get there with traffic etc, but the shuttle company could have delivered when it came to leaving on time. The shuttle ride itself was pretty much what I expected. It's a van full of folks needing a ride. It was a little cramped, a little smelly, the windows didn't open and the drive is long. Weirdly enough, a trailer was hitched to the back and I worried it would detach on the road, but it seemed to work and held our luggage. In addition, as I was exiting the shuttle when I got to Tucson, the girl behind me also exited...with her ferret. Apparently I had been riding the whole way with a ferret behind me. It might have been nice for them to warn the passengers. However, the upside to taking a shuttle to Tucson was that instead of doing the drive myself, I was able to get a lot of work done on my computer (thank you Verizon network card!), so it wasn't a total loss of 2 hours. So in summary, taking the Arizona Shuttle would have provided me with the experience I expected, if we didn't get off on the wrong foot when the shuttle was 20 minutes tardy. But, if faced with the situation, I would probably use Arizona Shuttle again and it's a decent option if you need to get to any of the Arizona cities and you'd rather not rent a car and pay much more.
3	For the sake of convenience, I took a shuttle between Phoenix and Tucson. Booking the trip is easy enough, you can pick a time and pay online. Don't expect anything fancy, if anything the atmosphere is a little bit TOO casual.I boarded from terminal 2 at Sky Harbor airport, and had to ask around to find the check-in desk. The website only offered a general area, with a photo of the desk. It had a map of the airport, but a little marker to show their location would be nice. Someone got a little bit lazy there.Anyways, the shuttle was a little cramped, but I won't complain, as I'm 6'4". Most of you will be pretty comfortable. My only problem with it was the waiting area coming back from Tucson. It was at a gas station with no desk, just a sign in front of a dumpster in the back that basically said to wait at a bench and the driver will have your receipt when he arrives. I'll try not to rant. This shuttle service will get you where you need to go in a timely fashion. What else is there to expect?Quick edit: Price from Phoenix to Tucson is $34 in advance, $40 same day, each way.
1	This morning I woke up in another country at 3 am, caught a flight into the states, got hassled by customs, arrived in Phx at 5pm, booked a shuttle to Flagstaff for 7pm, left around....oh I don't know...715-720ish, made another stop to pick up more people. Now it's 800 and we haven't even made it out of Phx. Thanks AZ Shuttle. This was really the icing on my cake! This is junk! Had I been able to refund my money (which you are unable to do), I would have rented a car and been home by now. Gratuities would be granted had I been given the real scoop on the AZ Shuttle schedule. I will rent a car next time...it's worth the extra 20 bucks. Junk!
5	Recently used this service when I was on a hiking trip to Havasu.  I needed a inexpensively but reliable way to get from Phoenix to Flagstaff.  The shuttle was great, they even got me on an earlier van when my flight arrived early.  Big Al the driver was very nice, he even had water for the passengers and stopped half way (3 hr trip) so we could have a bathroom break.  The return trip was just as good although that driver wasn't quite as charismatic.  I would definitely use the service again!
5	I have friends and family in Tucson, but tend to fly into Phoenix due to the significant difference in the cost of airfare.  I've had nothing but good experiences with Arizona Shuttle Service.  It costs me $39, which is less then the airline rates.The shuttles arrive when they are supposed to, and I've had very little waiting.  The drivers have been nice and helpful with my luggage.  The drive is as pleasant as the I-10 corridor between Phoenix and Tucson can be.  I've used a few of the different pick up/drop off spots in Tucson, and they seem to cover the different areas around Tucson well.I plan on using Arizona shuttle service in the future anytime I need to do the Tucson/Phoenix run.
4	We have a daughter at U of A, but being crazy people, still have 5 kids at home.  The daughter would like to come home to visit more than twice a year, but there was no way I was making the twice in a weekend 5 hour round trip from Buckeye no matter how much I love her.  I worked it out and since my van gets about 17mpg, it costs me about $50 to drive from Sky Harbor to her dorm and back.  Then I get to do it again 2-3 days later. The shuttle costs me $39 to drop her at the airport, saving me 5 hours of grief in the bargain.  I saw the reviews were inconsistent, so I wanted to use the service a few times before posting.  So far, my girl has come home twice with no issues, and I sent my high schooler to see her sister last month.  They've experienced terrific service all three times.  The drivers have been cheerful and helpful.  The first time we used the service, there was a problem with the credit card and the website, but the driver took care of it quickly at the next stop, and they still got into Sky Harbor early.  When asked, the driver gives her a heads up when they are about 30 minutes from the airport so she can text me to meet her.  Shrug.  I don't understand the complaints.  It's a shuttle, not a private car. There will be other people on it.  At least it isn't Greyhound!  We considered the bus, but it just seemed too spooky, not to mention unreliable.  Maybe the girls are just  so used to travel ling van crowded with children and animals that the shuttle seems luxurious in comparison.  I think  AZ Shuttle runs great service at a decent price, particularly for families with college students.
3	I don't like the fact that they keep rising the prices - I mean, I understand that the price of gas has increased over the past couple of years, but $41 for a one-way trip from Phoenix to Flagstaff? Despite this, I've been taking the shuttle on and off for the past three years for its safety and convenience (it picks up and drops off at NAU and the Phoenix airport). The drivers have always been very polite and professional, though I do wish they would automatically turn up the AC for the people in the back of the van who don't have a fan pointed at them. I also appreciate the fact that the shuttles run every other hour at least and that I can book it the night before if needed. Overall, I would definitely recommend this service to anybody who may need to get to Flagstaff or Phoenix on a short notice who don't mind paying the slightly higher fee.
5	Def exceeded my expectation! The driver, Harry, was supper friendly; the shuttle was clean; the logistics were straight forward at the airport; the schedule seems reasonable. If you don't need a car (especially those going to the Grand Canyon), I highly recommend this service!
4	I was traveling from Phoenix to Tucson without a car. My options were paying $200 to be at the airport 1.5 hours early and only to be on the plane for not even an hour and then still have to figure out how to get to my hotel, or take the Arizona Shuttle, which gets me to Tucson in under 2 hours including wait time and home drop-off for $65.Check-in was a breeze and we left for Tucson about 10 minutes behind schedule. Not bad at all. I think there's a maximum of 10 passengers per van, but there were only 7 on my trip, so the van didn't feel crowded at all. It as in the middle of the afternoon, so there was no traffic and we arrived in Tucson quickly and safely. I got off at one of the shuttle drop-off locations and within minutes a separate van came to take me to my hotel as had previously arranged. Everything was smooth from my booking to arrival at my final destination. It was a lifesaver for someone without a car.
1	do not book a reservation, they will not get you from phoenix to tucson in a reasonable amount of time.  they're rude, they lie and are the most unprofessional company i've dealt with in arizona.rent a car and save yourself time.
5	Always use this service to and from the airport at PHX. Great on time service and the drivers are always friendly.
5	We used Arizona Shuttle for services in Prescott and they were fantastic.  Not only were they reasonably priced, but the driver was AMAZING.  Thank you Jay for helping me schedule it and JJ for being a super driver!
5	I took a trip in May to Phoenix and used the AZ Shuttle Service from Phoenix to Prescott. - Phoenix to Prescott details: - The shuttle was a few minutes late, but everything was well communicated. I think we ended up being about 20-30 minutes behind. - The van was loaded, but I still had room and was comfortable. - They offered water. - Van was clean, well maintained and comfortable. - Prescott to Phoenix- On time from start to finish - Clean- Fairly empty (5 people)- Van was clean, well maintained and comfortable. I had a great experience. I think our driver's names were Don and Bill maybe. They were both older gents that drove safely. The customer service was great in terms of flexibility. I asked about moving around my time depending on my stay. They said just give them a call. I did and they were easy to deal with overall.I'd use again for sure. Great service
4	Had to reroute from Tucson into Phoenix due to a last minute flight change and found Arizona Shuttle as a viable workaround to get quickly and cheaply to Tucson.The service itself is about what you would expect with any shuttle service (scheduled pickup time, van trip with people, etc) and is about the same cost as other comparable options in the area, but they do have a few good value adds which is why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of the average 3. For one thing, they use a tow behind trailer to haul the luggage so it keeps the van feeling less cramped. Secondly, they try to keep the ride as comfortable as possible with cold water and a good AC running at full tilt in the vans. Finally, they do try to space people out on the van trips so there is still some room on the shuttle to stretch out after that flight. Overall the trip was a good experience and I would recommend using them if you need to go to another airport on short notice in AZ or get between major AZ cities quickly and in an affordable manner.
5	Have used them many times back and forth to Flagstaff for the past few years, even their package service. From every aspect, super professional, respectful and friendly.
