4	China China is your typical chinese food joint.  It delivers, which I love, because I have a weakness for lazy Sundays, or you can dine in.  The restaurant itself is clean and the waitstaff is always polite.  Favorite dishes are the orange chicken and the won-ton soup...not the most daring chinese ever but it never fails me!Note that when calling for take-out, 99% of the time the food takes longer than they say its going to.  I've also had slower service inside, not bad, just a little on the taking-their-sweet-time side.  So be sure youre not rushed when headed to China China.
4	The restaurant so nice, they named it... well, you get the idea. I really like China China. Not only because it's fun to say, but also because it's cheap-as-hell and tasty. Not great, not healthy, but tasty in that "I really want cheap, greasy Americanized Chinese food the way I remember eating it in 1985 in suburban Wisconsin" sort of way.The lunch specials are hard to beat. For $5.25 you can get a cup of pretty tasty soup, an egg roll, wonton and a main dish (fried tofu and veggies for me, but my friend had the kung pao veggies and they were also good).Again, don't go here for a gourmet experience, but for a cheap Americanized-Chinese food experience.Other stars are for the setting (clean and with cute little blossom-painted paper lanterns above the booths) and for the very friendly waitstaff.
4	Crab Puffs....by definition is my how I judge how really good a Chinese restaurant is. This place receives a one star on there Puffs. but receives 3 on the service the quality of the food and in general the interior cleanliness. I ordered the jalapeno chicken which was excellent...and the hot and sour soup which was OK... the staff was very friendly and we were greeted and seated promptly...they were a bit slow on the drinks, but made up for it by being quick on the refills. Have to say that this place is more like 3 and a half stars, but I will say I would definitely go back here for seconds.
3	My group ordered 3 plates of food (broccoli beef, orange chicken, and kung pao chicken) each plate came with rice, an egg roll and a cream cheese puff thing...overall the food was 'Meh' except their orange chicken. I don't think I have had better Orange Chicken any where! The service was okay, our waitress was really nice but not very attentive and there is some water damage or something in the ceiling which didn't look very inviting to eat under.If you want great orange chicken go to China China...for everything else, Panda Express will do.
1	Okay, first off...when you look up Chinese delivery, this is the first one the pops up. Err, wrong. We called for delivery, they don't deliver. Placing the order over the phone was easy, in fact they even have a menu on-line. That is where the good stuff ends.... I ordered the beef with broccoli and 2 egg rolls. The egg rolls were a little small, chewy, and not much flavor, (not much good flavor anyway). And the beef with broccoli was bland as well. The broccoli itself was good, if you take away the sauce that's on it. My wife always said that this place was a little pricey, but we were really craving Chinese. I think she liked hers, she got the almond chicken. She too didn't like the egg rolls. The one good thing about this place...it's right next door to LJ's pizza, they have some decent pizza, and an all you can eat pizza buffet on Saturdays! Should have wanted pizza...
5	My favorite chinese place in mesa! The service is great. The food presentation is impressing, and most importantly, it tastes amazing! The price is average for chinese. All in all a great place for your next chinese meal!
5	I love China China!  Their food is amazing, it is really hard to find good Chinese food that doesn't disappoint.  You can tell the flavors are uniquely blended and cannot be imitated.  The owners are so sweet and always welcome us with a smile and a conversation.  For the prices, the portions, and the flavor, it doesn't get any better than that!
4	China China is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Mesa. I've been going there for approximately 8 years now and the staff all know me and bring me my Diet Coke as soon as I'm seated. I love going places where they remember me! I've had the Moo Goo Gai Pan, the Beef with Snow Peas, and the Kung Pau Chicken, Pork, and Beef. All were delicious. The egg drop soup is some of the best I've ever had. The restaurant is clean and the staff is attentive. Prices are average for Chinese restaurants.
3	I've ordered here for take out a couple times and it's not bad.  It's average, relatively inexpensive  Americanized semi greasy Chinese food.  I'd give them another star if they delivered!
5	This has been our favorite for years with PF Changs a close second.If you are wanting San Francisco China Town, this is as close as you are going to get in Arizona. The crab creme cheese wontons are to die for. Their twice cooked chicken is scrumptious. We love their sweet and sour sauce and buy it buy the gallon for parties. Their take out is always perfect and their owner is always super nice. We have tried many in AZ, 23 chinese restaurants to be exact. Closest we will come to China Town.
5	The new website is www.chinachinamesa.com!!www.chinachinarestaurant.com is NOT the correct website
5	I've been coming to China China with my family for many years now.     The restaurant is in an old building, located in an old part of town, but don't let the facade deceive you.  If you pass up this restaurant while driving by, you'll regret it!  There's no doubt in my mind that their Chinese food is among the very best in the Valley.  I've never had a meal there that didn't satisfy me.They have a wide menu with many offerings to choose from; a great variety of items in chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, noodles, and vegetables.  They also have lunch and dinner combos which come with an entree, soup, fried rice, and a side item.  I have many favorite meals here, but the one that I get most often is the house lo mein which is soft noodles with a little bit of everything thrown in.  It's very good and well worth a try!  Perhaps the only thing that can rival the food is the service.  The manager here works every day and takes the time to get to know you.  Very personable and always friendly.  If you come in often enough, they'll even remember what you like to drink and have it prompt!  Prices are mostly inexpensive.  Dinner entrees start around $6 and run up to about $13 per plate.  If you don't feel like dining in, they also have take out available. If nothing else, try China China once.  I'm sure you'll leave happy!
4	China China is pretty good chinese food. My husband and I order from them often and the staff is always polite and remembers our usual orders. They are often willing to make accommodations. I would recommend this place.
5	China China is the best chinese food in the valley and basically anywhere as far as I'm concerned. It is fresh, inexpensive, delicious, and the service is always friendly and fun. They always remember us when we come in. The flaming volcano bowl is a must try. My favorite dishes are the Kung Pao (shrimp, scallops, beef, chicken... anything really), the crispy garlic shrimp, and the house pan fried noodles. I can't say enough good things about China China.
4	My roomy turned me on to this place. She is absolutely "ga-ga" over their food, but I'll just say that the food here is good, honest, and consistent Chinese. The serving sizes are good and the several dishes that I've tried have been quite respectable.  While I wouldn't say it's the best Chinese that I've ever had, I would have no problem eating here anytime! The only thing that I've been underwhelmed with has been the crab puffs. They need MORE FILLING!! Other than that, no complaints. If you're in the neighborhood, drop-by. You won't be disappointed.  :^)
1	The only reason I tried China China is because of good yelp reviews.  I had the. Sweet and sour combo and I found it to be of low quality.  I am a Foodie and this was your typical fried pork covers with flavored daises. It did not taste like it was made in house but that it came out of a bag. For really good Chinese food. You may want to try China Chili.
5	I grew up down the street from China China but had never been there until last year.  Dear lord, how did I not discover this place sooner?Seriously, hands down the best Chinese-American food I've had since I lived in the Bay Area.  It's a little dingy looking at it from the road, even from the parking lot, but it's another story inside.  This place is such a perfect, family-owned Mesa staple and I highly recommend it.They even have a crazy cocktail menu that I have yet to try.
3	Tiny crab puffs did not win anything for me.. more filling, less crust please!Egg rolls were not too bad, the first time i ever finished an entire egg roll in my life, i swear.. Maybe i was that hungry. The taste in the egg roll has some flavor i dont know what it was but it was brownish inside like some kind of sauce was mixed in the filling.. i hate egg rolls in general. so that won some stars for me..I ordered the lunch special Sesame chicken... looked different than what it looks like at your average chinese buffets at the mall or in restaurants.. but it was edible.. Customer service- FRIENDLY..i went to pick up the food with someone and the lady (i guess the owner- or family member of the owner) was real friendly and chatty. but she did not hold us long, she went and got our food and we were on our way.. another star won...egg drop soup, came with my lunch- gross.. i dont like anybody's egg drop soup.. weird n slimy.  I wish i got a fortune cookie with my meal :(the rice was kinda good, kinda salty.. but it was supposed be fried rice.. it was brown.. maybe thats the fried part? i always had veggies (carrots and peas) n scrambled egg pieces in most chinese fried rice.. not here.. oh well.. i wont be ordering here again..Sorry China China..better luck next time..
5	The place looks scary from the outside, but inside, the best Chinese food ever!!!!! Go there, eat & be merry. I promise!
5	Still the best and will always recommend to everyone!  Twice cook chicken and moo shu pork are the two best dishes.
4	After eating here quite a bit recently I only felt I had to upgrade them to a 4th star.  I've had a chance to try a bunch of different items, the moo shu was great and was fun to watch her wrap them tableside, I'm a big fan of their egg foo yung and their fried rice has large pieces of meat and/or shrimp.  The roast duck was done very well and they are willing to accommodate special orders. The service is great when you eat in and the portions large enough for leftovers the next day.Why not 5 stars?  They don't deliver, boo!  And when I order carry out, the dishes are served in those styrofoam containers that don't seal.  This wouldn't be a problem, but if you order anything with gravy or sauce, it's going to leak into the plastic bag they wrap it up in.  Please ... I'd be willing to pay a little extra for a better container!
3	It's good for what it is--Americanized Chinese food. There weren't too many traditional dishes on the menu. It was like a sit down Panda Express. Yep, it's good for what it is.I had the sesame chicken dinner combination, and it came with eggroll, some weird foil-wrapped chicken morsel, a crab puff and hot and sour soup. The hot and sour soup had way too much black pepper. My mom used to say that if you have to use black pepper in your cooking, you're cheating, cause you're hiding the food's natural flavor :P The chicken was decent.Ryan had the walnut shrimp. It was NOT what I expected. It wasn't crispy, and the sauce had...coconut in it??? Ryan enjoyed it, but I couldn't really eat it. After this meal, I had to ponder why the crab puff is such a staple in Americanized Chinese food. There is absolutely no dairy in Asian cuisine, and we don't even bother with fake crab. And suddenly, here comes this crab-cream-cheese puff thing onto the menus of countless Chinese places...lol anyways off the tangent...Anyways, the lunch and dinner combinations are well-priced, and I wouldn't mind going back if someone else wanted to go, but I don't think I'll crave it again.The service was REALLY nice though. The ladies were very sweet. For that reason, I really wished I could have liked the food more. I'm still looking for my go-to Chinese food place here in Phoenix...I need me some good dim sum, Hokkien Fried Rice, some garlic crab, pi pa tofu, squab, liver/kidney congee....*drool* My next stops will be Phoenix Palace and Great Wall...hopefully one of those will be awesome!
5	I have tried about 6 chinese food places in Mesa and they all sucked. I had given up on the possibility of having delicious chinese food until my boss referred me to this place. I got the sesame chicken which had a perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The crab puffs were super good the filling had an awesome taste and they use a thicker wonton than most place which I liked. Don't let the fact that it looks like a crap hole on the outside drive you away.
3	This place closed down a few weeks ago. Their website was down and their phone number was busy. I drove by and the place is closed and a chainlink fence is up around the building. It was a good place and close to my house. Now we go to Golden Canyon on Southern and Dobson for chinese food.
5	We've been coming here for amost 10 years and now all of a sudden it's closed down and padlocked. Where did they go? What happened? My family is in official mourning now, and I have been craving chicken egg foo young boo hoo! If anyone hears anything post it please.
4	burnt.china china caught fire :(
5	Unfortunately, China China caught on fire the day after Thanksgiving due to an accident and is now not operational.  The recovery time is approximately 6 months.  This restaurant has and always will be my favorite.  I still have not found a place that can ever compare.  We will miss you China China.
1	Unfortunately China China Restaurant is no longer there. It's now China Buffet and I would NEVER come back here. The only thing edible was their cut oranges. So we basically paid $8.95 for a plate full of oranges. I'm fearfully of how my stomach is going to be tonight...
