5	The best Robertos in town
4	I love their food. Big ol seating area. 24hours for a vampire like myself. I come here a lot, they even know me now. But It's awkward sometimes sitting in silence. I even come in on my own to dine but i think they're missing a tv. I do appreciate their consistency to maintain clean bathrooms.
1	Ok I'm posting it here because it happened to be the closest one (and the one I just ate at) and I'm sick and tired of all this Roberto's is the sh*t sh*t!!! As you can see I'm not a fan at all. First off let's talk about what they do right: the staff at every location I've been to is very friendly and professional. They are courteous and quick and I've always had them get my order right. The locations are invariably clean as well. Kudos for that. The problem for me is the food. I am a damn good cook - I make damn good food - and I'm from Texas. All of my grandparents were from Mexico and since I've been eating this food all my life I feel like I'm pretty well qualified to comment on this. Mexican food done right is the best food in the world. Done wrong - well if you haven't seen the episode of South Park where the dead celebrities are haunting Ike (Kyle's little brother) and Billy Mays's undead spirit is hawking Chipotle-Away because it can get the blood stains shooting from your ass at high velocity out of your underwear from the burrito you ate earlier - well let's just hope you don't ever experience the Mexican Screaming Shits. It's not pretty. It's actually pretty damn ugly. And it smells bad. Nuff said.The food here is mediocre at best and I have found it's rarely at its best. I've tried a number of different items and each one is always greasy and covered in cheese. Now anyone who knows me knows my opinion on toppings, condiments and fillers. When they are the star of the meal, it's a sign of mediocre (at best) food. So why is everything on this menu loaded with it? Hmm...not a good omen but we'll see.I ordered a breakfast burrito here (sans cheese) and was less than impressed. Granted the sausage was ok - not great, not horrible, just kinda...meh. The burrito was hot and made to order, which is good. However, it was wrapped in a tortilla that felt like it had been slathered with lard and heated. How do you serve a greasy tortilla? REALLY??Now I've eaten at Roberto's several times since I moved here - my friends have always said it's great drunk food and the first few times I went I was a bit drunk so I guess I must not have noticed. The last bunch of times I've gone though I've been sober and every time I just like it less and less. I just cannot ignore that the only thing I usually taste is the cheese (which is not good at all since I'm lactose intolerant) and I'm just really not a big fan of things tasting cheesy. I had the burrito without it and - guess what - it was mediocre. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just...meh. Nothing about it shone. I couldn't even taste the pico de gallo which it was supposed to have. Hell I can buy a better burrito at Carl's Jr!Thank you - but no. I don't think I'll be going back to Roberto's anymore unless I'm just desperate and can't find a Del Taco. It's really a shame, too. Oh Roberto's you had so much promise. Too bad you couldn't deliver.
5	Best Fish Burrito's.  I never eat in, always take it home to enjoy.
5	chicken tacos with green sauce :) I'm SET!
4	After a late night of gigging and drinking, a stop at the nearest Roberto's to home is a must!  I've been on a fish tacos kick as of late - and I think the ones here are pretty solid. Roberto's is Roberto's - what can I say?  Not the most authentic mexican food (or the cheapest), but reliably edible and open 24-hours. It always seems like their training new kitchen staff in the early AM hours (which makes sense) - so the food and service isn't necessarily consistent visit to visit.  This night they were topping everything in a king's ransom worth of grated cheese!  Too much!
4	Mexican food for $ with fresh sauces and sides to go with that?This is what you call a prime example of a GREAT Roberto's. I understand that many of the Roberto's have different owners, but this location sets the best example.I love that the price is reasonable for the taste! Carne asada burrito always comes out cooked well with just enough guacamole to inspire your taste buds.I think having horchata available is a MUST in any Mexican restaurant. The service for a Spanish-speaking employee is amazing! They always understand how I want my order. I do not have to say anything in Spanish. Always remember that they are willing to customize the food, although the generic menu is great as it is!Recommendations:Carne asada [plate, burrito, nachos, fries, or taco]Shrimp burritoChicken tacoBean burrito [chimichanga style or wet] - add spiceHorchata
5	Roberto's Taco Shop - 10030 W. Cheyenne Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89129I love this location and the food. I tell my husband everytime we eat their food that I would rather order this and take it home than go to  any Mexican Restaurant's here in town. I have read otehr reviews where peole say it's not 'authentic' tasting, but my taste buds think otherwise!  The staff here are so nice and they are very quick.
5	This place is always fresh, friendly, and unbelievably fast!  Sometimes I get my order before I'm finished at the salsa bar.  Carne asada is great!
4	I love me some Roberto's! Great fast real Mexican food at cheap prices.  You can get your Mexican fix and be stuffed for under $10!  I love everything I have tried here and enjoyed trying new things too. My mind was blown when I had the carne asada fries. Yummy!
5	Before I take a hike from Yelp, I really want to give credit to the hard working employees at this location. I usually don't like to review chain restaurants like this, but I don't know a group of guys who treat me better. I've probably eaten here over 100 times this year. The food is really good and the service is outstanding. I actually think this place is pretty close to authentic because they don't use ground beef in their tacos. 9 out of 10 times I come here after midnight. On weekend nights, you get a lot of drunk girls in club dresses who are coming home from a night of drunken stupidity(I am hardcore straight-edge, so yes I believe people who drink alcohol are pathetic...and yes I'm talking to you reading this), and some will say racist remarks towards Mexican people. I can't count how many times I've had to sit here and listen to that. The Mexican-American workers here have a lot patience having to deal with that. I always tip them extra for having to endure that crap.9 out of 10 time I get the Al-Pastor fries!! It's a part of the secret menu so you won't find it on the board. They get french fries and put salsa, beans, sour cream, guacamole, and tons of Al Pastor on it. They also got 99 cent Taco Wednesday!!! The guys work really hard here, especially Arturo. They keep it spotless and clean. The salsa bar is really upscale compared to other Mexican restaurants!  Actually, I did review this place back in January of 2012, but the yelp filter kept eating my review...apparently the filter thinks I work here. Let me just say that the Yelp filter is a complete dumbsh!t because I don't work at ROBERTO'S TACO SHOP, I work at Burger King off of Martin Luther King and Eastern. If you don't believe me, ask Yelp Elite Jen G. She just happens to be assistant manager.
4	The food is always good and consistent, didn't care too much for the recent menu change though.
4	This is my favorite Roberto's in Vegas. The service is good and the food is pretty darn good. Went with a hungry crew from work and all seemed to be satisfied. I got Carne Asada chips that were hot and tasty with a chicken taco for good measure. Great experience. Will definitely return. It gets busy at lunch so call your order in ahead of time and it will be ready when you get there.
5	I have been here on several occassions an I absolutely love it! The staff is extremely nice and they are always very quick with getting your order done. I have been to some other Roberto's around town but I like this one better. My favorite is the Carne Asada plate and my wife's favorite is the Carnitas, both are delicious!
4	I love Roberto's and have for a long time.  I have my favorites from here and those are what I usually order.  They are the chicken tacos (2 or 3 at $0.99 each on Wednesdays) and an order of three rolled beef tacos with guacamole.  I also occasionally get the chicken burrito meal ($3.99 on Mondays).  I used to order the carne asada burrito (my dads favorite) but I don't care for the amount of onion in it and I always forget to aske them to leave it off.  Other highlights at Roberto's include the asada fries.  Think of them as nachos with fries instead of chips.  They are loaded with cheese, beans and carne asada.  I only ordered them once and that was enough for awhile.  They are insanely good but also monsterously big.  It was too much even for a big eater like me.  The same can be said about the chimichunga which I do at times order in a combo with rice and beans.  The beans are good but I can do without them.  The rice, on the other hand, is great and sometimes I just order a side of it because it is so good.  While the food quality at various Roberto's shops is pretty standard and equal to one another each location varies in its appearance and cleanliness.  This Roberto's which I go to most frequently is one of the cleanest I've seen.  I love coming in.  The only questionable area is the cold bar with the salsas, cucumber, radishes, green onions, limes and pickled jalapenos and carrots.  Despite the splatters of salsa soiling the stainless steel I still like to get some of the carrots, cucumber and radishes.  A nice refreshing crunch on the side with my tacos is sometimes just what the stomach ordered.
1	Cash only? Really? Debit is down after I drive all the way over and wait in line. You suck. Get it fixed losers.
1	I use to like this place, but tonight the food was cold and undesirable. I won't be back.
4	Very clean for a robertos very fast.  Food was amazing I have been to other robertos and they were filthy and slow..
5	At 2:45 AM I wasn't sure what to expect for quality in this Mexican Food restaurant and a chain none the less. But, I was surprised!! I ordered the #13, beef chimichanga, rice, and re fried beans!! It was so outstanding! Quick service, fresh vegetable bar, awesome salsa!! Overall, very impressed, I see why after 50 years this chain is still going strong.
