3	This location opened about a month ago. This is a "kitchen bistro" store, not a "deli" like most other locations located around town. They serve hot meals here in addition to the salads, soups, and sandwiches available at their deli locations. The food is pretty decent. I had the Zarella Chicken sandwich which has a grilled chicken breast  with fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers, pesto and balsamic on a whole wheat bun. The sandwich was kinda bland and the balsamic and pesto made the bun too soggy to eat by the end of the meal. Hubby had the Kitchen club sandwich  and he enjoyed his. I chose sweet potato fries as my side and they were delish, hubby chose the yukon fries and he said they were pretty awesome. I only wish this place had prices that matched the quality of food. over twenty bucks for two chicken sandwiches, fries, and sodas? yikes. We also went for brunch the other day, because I am a pancake freak and they have them on the menu. Again, way over priced! 3 pancakes with 3 slices of bacon @ around 10 bucks.. ouch. The pancakes were yummy, but not 10 bucks yummy.I'm sure I'll go back again and try some more of the items on the menu that sound delish, but I will more than likely kick myself in the end for paying too much for so so food. It's just so darn close to my house! I'll never learn!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE I can't say it enough. The food is very tasty, and it is also great for health-conscious eaters like me. The interior is very clean and nicely decorated. The service is great as well, and sometimes they have dessert samples at the cash register. Pieces of lemon bars, brownies, and cheesecake were there the last time I went. Anything I've tried there has been good. The portions seem small but they're actually perfect. I leave perfectly satisfied with just the right amount of food and absolutely delicious taste in my mouth. The servers are constantly keeping the place clean, which I like. This is not one of my favorite places. This is my absolutely favorite place. I'm always in the mood for Just Fresh.
5	I love this place. Great service, AWESOME SWEET POTATO FRIES. Food is VERY tasty, as all the other folks say. The restaurant is neat, clean, and a "comfortable feel-good place". I will definatly be a return customer.
3	I've always been a bit underwhelmed at the food here, and as a result, the price has become a little more than I'd like for lunch. I always seem to spend around $10 for lunch. Not to say the food is bad, but it's just not great. Service is always good.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but I just don't.  It's good, but it's nothing great.  The chicken sandwich and soup I had were both fine, but both were kind of bland.  We also got a quesadilla and the pizza off the kids menu, again they were both fine but kind of bland.  The best option was the salad, but most of the salads have blue cheese, which isn't my personal favorite.  All in all it's a fine meal and it's healthier than a lot of other choices out there, but it's nothing special.
