1	what a joke.  why in the world do i have to bring my car in for a quote for work i described.   i dont need people to waste my time.  all i wanted was a price and the guy here kept insisting me to bring it in.  i will never give this guy my business.  if the owner of the shop is reading this let me say this "give people what they ask for and not waste their time"
5	I've been taking my vintage Cadillac to Almar for the last year.  Repairs have ranged from quick fixes to major work (heater core, radiator, etc.)   I've ALWAYS been pleased with their work.To the guy who called them a joke - I would be concerned if ANY mechanic gave a quote over the phone.  Too many times, the repair can be much more involved than what someone thinks.  No garage would want to be held to a price quote without first seeing/testing the car.I've always gotten a quote from Almar for everything they've done.  The actual repair bill is very very close to the quote.  They have a sign in their shop that reads something like: it can be quick, or cheap, or right - you'll have to pick which it is!Micha and Andy will treat everyone right.
4	2 Things:I have a Corvair, and I was intrigued by this place and am glad someone gave it a good review, have read good reviews online of the company but not this locationTO MIKE, the 1st poster...really dude, you expect a mechanic to give you a price on something YOU diagnosed?..where in the hell have you ever found this except maybe if someone in your family owned a garage?...you think a housepainter would give u a price over the phone?...a doctor?....a computer tech??..the only place i can think of that'll quote u a price on the phone is a Chinese restaurant...ANY mechanic that'd give me a price sight unseen, i'd assume he's as big a idiot as some of these posters are (HINT HINT MIKEY)
1	What is wrong with you people.  how hard is it to give a quote for a part and to replace it.  even a doctor can give a price for a flu shot.  if thats too difficult to accommodate maybe be they should be repairing cars.  the other shop was able to give me a quote for my pump and labor for my mercedes with no problem and he didn't even ask me to bring it in.  maybe the rest of you guys have time to need an education on being a smart shopper.  and larry what an ignorant fool insulting someone for his own experience.
5	I'm surprised by eljoi's comments.   Andy introduced me to "the new Micah", and he never made any derogatory comments about the new guy.   It is difficult to find affordable, expert auto service in the Charlotte area -- so I wouldn't just "drop" Almar without pursuing a remedy first.  I believe my relationship with Almar and Andy is important enough that I would have called him out on it right there on the spot...not post nasty comments on one of Charlotte's rating sites. I think you should reconsider your efforts and talk to Andy.    If you don't, it really is your loss.
5	I trust Almar's to fix our three cars. They have been honest and upfront about repair options and costs. I called today when my Honda Pilot wouldn't not start. Andy was so helpful and gave me some ideas about what may be wrong. He was able to fit me in and replaced my battery quickly while I waited
5	Automotive repair is one of those fields where you truly want to "know a guy," or even "know a guy who knows a guy."  So let me be your middle-guy here and tell you this is the place to take your ride.My family has been using Almar for all of our cars for years.  They are straight forward, they will do whatever they can to make your automobile safe and legal to drive without breaking the bank.  I take pre-owned cars here to have them evaluated before I purchase and they have never steered me wrong.Tap the brakes!  Nothing is free, but they will not run up the labor or start replacing things that don't need replacing.  There is a reason they are always busy, they do the job the right way.  I would have no issues recommending this place in the future to all my friends and family.  If you want to utilize an independent shop that can work on all types of vehicles you should at the very least get a quote from Almar on South Blvd.  They are a pleasure to work with..Also - if you have to wait a while, walk a block up to Scaleybark & South and grab a burger at Zacks, you won't be disappointed with it either!
5	I'd been to plenty of other places in Charlotte before I found Almar Auto. Since I found them, I haven't gone anywhere else.Ok I'm a girl- so being friendly and explaining whats going on with my car is important to me. They are not only friendly, but knowledgeable. They always diagnosed the problems with my ten year old car and fixed it as they said.I'd even shown them receipts from past work done and they smiled and said "oh, wow- thats a lot. We can do better every time."  And they did.
4	I took my car to Almar and didn't have such a good experience up front.  Firstly, they were supposed to inspect my car and when I picked it up they had not done this.  I had to wait while they did this. They did pull my car to the front of the line and do it as quickly as possible so it wasn't a huge deal.  Secondly, they disconnected a hose which caused my check engine light to come on a couple of weeks after I took it in.  I took it to the dealership, which I knew would be more expensive, because I didn't know what was wrong.  They explained what happened so I let Almar know.  They asked me why I didn't bring it back into them and I explained that I didn't know what was wrong when I took it in to the dealership.  They reimbursed me for the amount the dealership charged me to re-connect the hose.  I really appreciated that!  I understand that mix-ups happen and it seems as if this shop makes a good faith effort to make it right.  Thanks!
4	This is my second time coming to the Almar's and so far I've been really pleased with the service and the work done on my truck. It has been one of those summers where I should get Murphy's Law painted on the side of my truck. So it's definitely reassuring to know that I have a trustworthy auto shop to take my baby whenever the next thing that could go wrong, inevitably goes wrong.
5	I always receive great service at Almar and this time was no different. I first brought my 2001 Ford Focus in for work in 2010 after getting an outrageous quote for service from the auto shop at the Ford dealership.  A few years later, I now bring my newer car in for any work that needs to be done. I can trust that they'll let me know what needs to be done and what doesn't. My husband was so impressed with the service and quality we received when I took my car in for new tires this week that he made an appointment for his car to be serviced next week. I'm thankful to have a trustworthy place to take our cars!
4	Honest and pretty fast though they can get busy. Nice people, close to uptown and good hours. Give them a shot
