5	I only stayed here one night, but from that I could tell that I like this place. I was expecting a huge crowd and chaos because I was staying on New Years Eve 2007. I was able to check in early and found the room clean & the staff courteous. I wasn't able to partake in the free breakfast, but every time I was in the lobby it was sparkling. There's plenty of free parking too. This place is a business type hotel, so if you're with your family you should probably stay on the strip; but for people like me who have been there done that, it works out well. I will definitely consider this place next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This hotel is really about saving money while being close enough. The rooms are nice enough with the 3 Vegas essentials: A working AC, heavy curtains you can pull to block out the sun, and round-the-clock front desk service. There are 4 shuttles available: one that heads south into the residential area of Vegas (odd), and then airport, Mandalay Bay, and MGM. Unfortunately MGM is only about halfway up the strip, so Downtown/Old Vegas goers have some walking to do - unless you ride The Deuce, a city bus for $3 each, or the Monorail, leaving from MGM for $5 each.The shuttles run 7am-midnight, which is a very poorly chosen schedule given the core hours of Vegas-goers - after the shuttle shuts down, smart visitors can walk to Mandalay Bay (.8 miles, across the Russell Rd highway bridge) and take the Excalibur/Luxor tram for free, which drops you off next to MGM - then you have The Deuce and Monorail for the rest of your excursions.Being off-strip but close has a major advantage - driving from this hotel is a breeze. Exiting a hotel onto the Strip is a nightmare of a drive.Staff was friendly and the front desk was always manned. There was a good breakfast menu, free 6-9, but no one is waking up at that time in Vegas. A special treat for us Californians - Dunkin Donuts was close-by, including a 24hrs one on Tropicana and Pecos. Wifi was provided for free, no password, and reasonably fast.
5	Good value with no surprise fees.   Internet access included and breakfast included as well.
4	I love travelling to Vegas, but have never wanted to stay on The Strip, so this Holiday Inn Express is perfect, in more ways than one. It's close enough to see Mandalay Bay from the front of the hotel, and the shuttle will get you on the Strip in about 5 minutes, depending on traffic. The staff are friendly, and professional, the lobby area is clean, and bright which seems to carry on throughout the hotel. The pool area is clean, which my kids always enjoy. The breakfast buffet in the mornings are great, some mornings the area is more crowded than others, but there's plenty of seats. I've used the exercise room once, and like that it's modern, and quiet, but located on the first floor across from the breakfast area, and front desk with constant traffic, so it's not isolated. There's a gas station/convenience store across the road if you want to grab extra snacks, or drinks. And the guest laundry room is a great convenience, I've never had a long wait to use the machines, which is a plus when you're living out a suitcase in Vegas with a family of 4.
4	This is the first of a multi-part series of reviews for different restaurants and such in Las Vegas. Read my other reviews for the complete "saga". Okay, I'm done with the shameless plug.Short term or extended, I highly recommend this lodging for staying in Las Vegas. This location is reasonably close to the Strip, has a great shuttle service, comfortable lodging, fantastic complementary breakfast, excellent pool and fitness facillities and a super friendly staff.I stayed with several friends/colleagues in one of the "suites" for a three day weekend. The room we stayed in doesn't fit my usual defintion of a suite, but was very comfortable with two beds plus a sofa pull out which was reasonably comfortable. The room also had a microwave/fridge combination- perfect for groceries if you want to eat out less.The great thing about their breakfast is that the food quality stands toe to toe with eateries many of the local greasy spoons. The eggs, although not as good as mom's cooking are surprisingly good for a complimentary set up. Unless you are particularly finnicky, "where do you want to go for breakfast?" will not come up during your trip.The fitness center boasts two treadmills, a ski thingy, and some other sort of rowing or skiing contraption. So long as no one is sleeping in the adjacent room, the staff will allow you to use it after hours.The pool was pleasantly warm, and the jacuzzi was in clean working order as well.My only gripe about my stay was the odor of cigarrettes and cheap hookers that assault you when getting off the elevator on the 4th floor. Ok, well maybe just cigarrette smoke as I wouldn't know what a hooker cheap or otherwise would smell like (really, I wouldn't!). You can certainly request non-smoking rooms, but I believe they are only available on the first floor.Overall, this was a great base of operations for my trip to Las Vegas.
4	We love staying here. The staff are very friendly, and comfort rooms.  internet  access , as well as free breakfast. This place is great if you don't like to stay near the strip, but also is not to far from it. The only reason I don't give it a 5 star is because in all our stays I've seen a extra fee. But they right away take care of it with no issue.
5	My family and I have never been to this hotel before so I was not sure what to expect. Overall we had a great experience. This location is conveniently located right off the freeway and a couple of blocks from the strip. It is also near the airport but the noise wasn't a bother. This hotel is fairly clean. However the hallway does smell of smoke on the 4th floor but once you enter the rooms it's not so bad. The staff was very friendly and attended to us promptly with any requests. The best thing is not only to they provide free parking but they also provide you with FREE COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST! Not your traditional donuts and coffee. They had a whole layout of pancakes, eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy, muffins, toast, bagels, juices, coffee, cerals, yogurts. It was way more than expected! Perfect stay for an affordable price and breakfast is included! If you're not feeling like dining in, there's the option of taking togo into the room for a more comfortable environment.
3	This location is ok. Not great, but not terrible.  Like most Holiday Inn Express locations, you can hear just about everything going on in the next rooms and hope that you don't have anyone in the room above you.Breakfast bar was well stocked and the attendant was friendly.
5	4 stars because despite the lack of Vegas glitz & glamor, this place managed a half a mile commute to the strip at $50 bucks a night--ON THE WEEKEND for us! The beauty of the Holiday Inn Express is that it doesn't feel like a $50 per night joint.  The amenities are clean, the staff is friendly and attentive, there's free breakfast and a clean pool :)The room was well maintained and despite it's simplicity compared to STRIP Hotels (spelled ARIA), the environment was 100% liveable and breathable.  Clean sheets, comfortable mattress, 20'' COLOR (haha) TV, and nice sound dampening.If you ever need to save cash so that you have more money for the FOOD, SHOWS, CLUBS or GAMBLING, do NOT think twice, book Holiday Inn Express with the confidence that you are not throwing money down an asbestos, cockroach infested, hell-hole.5 stars for a no-frills, clean and wonderful experience in Vegas.  CLEAN being the key word--my Vegas trips aren't always CLEAN, if ya know what I mean (nudge, nudge).Thanks Holiday Inn Express... see ya again soon.
5	This place is awesome! free Wifi! our room was wrong BANG 20 dollar discount!!! front desk always friendly!!! Rooms were super clean and comfortable! Nice view! POOL!! shut the hell up!! This is the best on a budget and free shuttle to the strip!!!
4	After the reviews I read, my family and I (5 total) decided to stay here for a one-nighter on our way to southern CA.  Overall I was expecting to give this hotel 5 stars but come to find out that it is really only a 4 star place.  I know, it's not the Wynn, Venetian, etc so I believe my expectations are realistic.  Overall, it's a Holiday Inn Express.  The staff was OK, the shuttle bus to the Strip was convenient, the rooms were clean and the bathrooms in pretty good shape.  The breakfast in the morning was just OK, nothing to really rant and rave about but again, it's a Holiday Inn Express.  The location was convenient so overall it's an above average place in my book but nothing out of the ordinary either.
4	You cannot beat this motel for the money. I searched all over Las Vegas for a decent rate and clean accommodations, and I'm glad I chose this one. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the staff is friendly, and the breakfast is WONDERFUL. Their internet is extremely FAST. I was able to upload all the pictures I took in a snap. They have a free shuttle that runs to Mandalay Bay on the 1/2 hour and to New York, New York on the hour. Once we got used to the routes, we discovered that our best bet was to go to New York, New York and then go out on the strip and pay for the Deuce bus (you can ride for 24 hours for $7). Get a map of the bus routes and circle the things you want to go to so you won't get mixed up. If we were younger, we could have done more, but for an old married couple in their 60's we didn't do too badly. We saw everything we wanted to see and left Las Vegas, tired, but satisfied.
5	This place deserves my first 5 star. The check in staffs here are friendly and professional. The rooms are clean and quiet. I'll definitely be back the next time I visit Vegas.
4	Stayed with a friend who signed up for a time share presentation. The hotel's outside appearance is a little outdated but I was surprised when we walked in. Very spacious and updated inside. Modern kitchen complete with everything, living room with a large flatscreen. The bathroom has a ridiculously large shower/bath with a convenient separate toilet area. You also get a small patio. Their pools are large with lots of lounge chairs and covered patio tables. Nice security team around also and a small bar and snack place located near the pool. My friend enjoyed it so much he got his own place for future visits. And while it is behind the strip its not a bad distance.
4	WiFi, breakfast, shuttle service.
4	We planned a trip to Vegas to take my daughter to Circus Circus on her birthday and I do not like to stay on the strip with the children because of the 2nd hand smoke so we were given this hotel on Hotwire for $50.00 I just prayed  when it came up Holiday Inn, until I came to yelp and after reading the views I took a deep breath.  Why not 5 stars?  We arrived after 12 midnight 3/29/2013 my husband asked for a luggage transporter  and the front desk guy said you have to go look for it yourself WTH so of course I got out and ask some workers sitting down why did you tell my husband to go find it for himself they apologized and went to look for it but we managed it for ourselves. We got into the room and it was a nice size everything was clean. The room came with a small fridge and microwave which was wonderful the bathroom was nice.  20 inch flat screen tv with basic cable. My problem is they used sheer curtains and the light from the parking lot was very bright and I need darkness for good sleep. The breakfast was powdered eggs scrambled, boiled eggs, cinnamon roll, sugar cereal, packaged oatmeal, some kind of meat patty, yogurt, some fruits etc; My children enjoyed it but my husband and I drank tea and ate banana only we usually are very picky eaters. The gym  had 4 cardio machines good enough for us  the pool and Jacuzzi were clean . We will stay here again I will ask for a room away from bright lights. All in all the hotel room was nicer then most standard rooms 4 stars on the strip
4	Clean rooms & comfortable bed. We enjoyed the free breakfast. Free wifi
1	We've actually stayed at this hotel on 2 previous visits and had nice stays, however our most recent stay(April 26th and 27th) was just plain awful.  We arrived early on Friday at about noon and Justin was working the front desk.  We did not request to check-in early, but we did request a top-floor room as we did when we made our reservation.   Foot traffic noise in this hotel is exceptionally bad.  Every person's footstep sounds like a loud bass drum, so if you're a light sleeper, you need to be on the top floor or you're going to have a long, miserable night.  So when we politely asked Jason about a room on the top floor, he said, "Sure, I can get you one of those"  He wrote down our names on a scrap sheet of paper and told us he'd call us when the room was ready.  By 3:30pm we had not received a call so we decided to head back to the hotel.  When we tried to check-in with Justin, he said, "Okay, I've got you in a room on the 2nd floor."   We asked why he put us there when we specifically requested the top floor 3.5 hours ago.   He said, "Sorry, I'll put you back on the list".   So we had to continue to wait.  When we came back about 6pm, a different person was working the front desk.  She said, "Sorry we won't have any rooms on the top floor tonight.  I don't know what Justin told you, but they're simply not available now".  So they basically gave those rooms to someone else.  Here's where it gets really bad.  This woman apologized for the situation and said, "Here, I'm going to block off a top-floor room for you tomorrow night so you'll be guaranteed a top-floor room tomorrow."  We said "thank you" and managed to sleep on and off despite the fact that she placed in a room that bordered the stairwell and we got to hear people running up and down the stairs all night, and we got to stand in 5 inches of water in the shower since it didn't drain.   Now, the next day, we try to check-in early and Justin says, "Your room should be available in a few minutes".   So we waited there at the hotel for 90 minutes just to watch Justin walk out the door for the day and the new woman promptly tell us that there won't be any rooms available for another 2 hours.  I verified with her that she still had that room blocked off for us and she said "yes".   So we headed out and when we later returned that evening to our "guaranteed" top-floor room, and the new guy at the front desk says, "Sorry, I see that she blocked off a top-floor room for you, but for some 'unknown' reason, I don't have one for you".  Someone at the front desk that afternoon/evening basically unblocked it and gave it to someone else.   So the front desk staff there basically lies to your face, kicks the ball down the road or points their finger at the previous shift, and steals rooms from each other,   Also, despite leaving a tip for housekeeping on our first night's stay, they decided to keep my iPhone charger instead of turning it in to the front desk.  So they're a pack of thieves who steal even when you are nice enough to leave a tip.  Overall, a horrible stay at this Holiday Express which is unfortunate because we've had 2 nice stays in the past which led us to stay again on our recent trip.  We will absolutely never be back.
4	Pretty good value. I got a handicapped room (only room available) it was butted up against the laundromat and pretty noisy. I recommend not getting a ground level room and away from the elevator. Room was clean and the AC worked great. The breakfast started around 6:30-7 and was great everyday. They have an awesome pancake machine that would make two pancakes in about a minute. The shuttles from the New York NewYork and Mandalay Bay were pretty close to being on time all the time. The shuttles were awesome to cut some of the walk off to and from the strip. Over all this is not a bad place!
2	Well, here's an update.   We stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago and we had a great first impression, new room, good service etc.  This time we had a little bit different experience.   The hotel staff at the front desk is not attentive.  They sit behind their little wall, away from the view of anyone, where you have to call out to see if anyone is there (this happened on multiple occasions).   Their rooms are going downhill and are not being maintained.   Maybe we just stayed in a new or newly renovated room last time but our room this time was definitely not the same.  In a another couple of years at the same rate of deterioration I would probably skip this hotel all together.   Also, if they have a room that sleeps 5 (two queens and a pull out) why don't they stock the room with sheets and blankets for the pull out?   Why offer something and then make the customer call down (twice!) to the front desk to send someone up with the needed (standard items that should already be in the room) items all the while waiting around for them to show up.   Put the linens, blankets in the room - it's a simple request, and one that should have to be pointed out.  Breakfast, yeah, a standard not so great breakfast.   Breakfast is a 5 out of 10.
5	I love staying here. You get free breakfast and free shuttle rides to the strip. This place is always Quiet the staff is friendly and it's clean. Really I always come back here because of the free biscuits and gravy in the mornings :p
2	It's 7:30 am. Time for breakfast. Let's see... Hmmm... no eggs of any kind. Do I want a plate of sausage gravy or some turkey sausage? Maybe a banana that was ripe about 2 weeks ago. Maybe I can have both the gravy AND the turkey sausage...After 10 minutes of this and watching Magdelina make sure that there were PLENTY of froot loops to go along with the over ripe bananas, the sausage gravy, and the turkey sausage,, I grabbed a cup of coffee and went on my way... Hungry.There are literally HUNDREDS of hotels in Las Vegas. Stay elsewhere.
5	Awesome!  Clean. Friendly and personable staff!We needed a place to stay in the area and did not need any of the Vegas amenities. We were traveling through one evening late with 4 kids. There was a shuttle service to and from the strip -had we wanted it. Room was nice and large. Large enough for a baby carriage, a baby sleeper, and a sleeping bag for the next youngest. The 2 oldest shared an extremely comfy queen sized bed as did hubby and I. AC cools nicely. I would definitely stay here when visiting Vegas for pleasure too. Inexpensive and now "resort" few!
3	This is the regular hotel I stay whenever biz take me to Vegas. Just another Holliday Inn express. Internet sometime spotty, some room are not maintenance well. Overall it is clean, quite, free breakfast.
