4	Awesome Thai!  We have been waiting for this in the far South Hills.  We had  crazy noodles and basil fried rice.  Spiced perfectly and to our requested heat level.  The chicken was very tasty and moist.  The seating area has only a few tables, so takeout or delivery is the way to go.  The entrees seem to be a bit overpriced - probably due to lack of competition.
5	I can't be a fair judge about how authentic the thai cuisine was that I had, but it sure is good. I was really happy to find some great simple delivery food that wasn't pizza. Between the mixed veggies, brown rice, teriyaki chicken, and a yummy thai iced tea, I'm sold!
5	SO FRESH!!!!!!!!!!I am so impressed with Sawasdee Thai! Usually I'll wait to review a place until I've sampled a variety of things but this place is off the charts for inexpensive takeout/delivery. I just ordered Tom Kha and a vegetarian eggplant dish. The soup was incredibly flavorful and full of fresh herbs and veggies... thee best tom kha I've had to date! I requested my eggplant at a spice level 7 and it did not disappoint! I will definitely be eating here again and recommend it to anyone who likes fresh food fast.
2	Just order lunch, was reeeeally hungry so I am probably being generous here. The summer rolls were pretty good, the lunch pad thai is probably the worse pad thai I've ever paid money for. Very oily, actually the oil is the only thing that gives this thing taste.
4	Ordered delivery via GrubHub. Curry and Pad Thai were very good. Tom Kha soup was excellent. Our next order we will pass on the tempura appetizer. Overall it exceeded our expectations and we look forward to our next dinner order.
4	I moved from Seattle and I was so sad that I was leaving my favorite Thai spots. That went out the door! My friend and I stumbled upon this place while heading to Traders and we were pleasantly surprised. We tried the Crazy Noodles, Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Bangkok Duck, Panang Duck, and mango/sticky rice. Oh my gosh, everything is so flavorful! You can't leave this place without their mango and sticky rice. - They're also friendly and fast!
