4	Wow, I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed yet! I guess it opened earlier this year, so that might explain it...I bought 2 Groupon-type coupons for massages for my boyfriend and me, and we redeemed them 3 weeks ago. Without the coupon, the massages would have been pricey (to me! around ~$100, not including tip). I haven't been to Massage Envy in a while, so I don't remember if this is cheaper or more expensive, but the ambiance at Athena's Temple is certainly VERY different from Massage Envy.Personally, I'm a fan of spas that have an inviting atmosphere, dim lighting, and soothing music. Massage Envy does none of this for me, as I constantly feel I'm being sold something and bombarded with lights and noise.Athena's Temple is completely different. Yes, it's in a strip mall, but one of the artfully designed ones you'll find in Scottsdale. It's not really too difficult to find. Also, once you get inside, you completely forget where you are (in a good way!)When we arrived, we were the only ones in the day spa, and when we finished an hour later, there was only one other client there getting a pedicure. This was great for us, as we were checked in promptly and brought 2 glasses of water before our treatments.The spa is laid out very nicely: when you walk in, you'll notice the big water fountain/rock waterfall near the waiting area. On the left side, there are chairs for the hairstylists, and on the right side, nail stations for the nail technicians.In the back is where the pedicure chairs are, as well as the massage rooms. As for the massages... WONDERFUL! My massage lady persuaded me to try the coconut oil over the lotion, which I'm really glad I did! I smelled like an Almond Joy for hours... it was awesome! My lady did chat with me a little more than I would have liked, but it was an interesting conversation so I didn't mind too much.My boyfriend loved his massage, and apparently his masseuse did not talk to him at all, so he got a short nap. Apparently you have to be pretty explicit about what you do want worked on-- I forgot to remind my masseuse to work on my arms/hands, but my boyfriend did and he said it was incredible.The amount of pressure was perfect for both of us, and we both have very different tastes, so that was pretty great! The ladies at the front desk were efficient and friendly. All in all, this day spa is beautiful, clean, and seems to have all the amenities you would expect from a spa. I give it an extra star for having that 'charm' factor by really playing up the Athena's Temple theme with the waterfall/rock garden.
1	I got a buywithme.com  gift for this spa as a  birthday gift  this year. I have left two messages and not a call back and it has been 1.5 weeks.  I do not recommend  going to this place as they are not professional.
