5	this is definitely for the younger skaters who love street. no emphasis on bowls (sorry, old guys with bad knees), tons of ledges.located in Ahwatukee, so you can imagine it's mostly families and kids, so again, older skaters be wary. compared to the Chandler park in both style and little kids craziness on the weekends factor.park of a huge, brand new, community center in this affluent area in the very southern tip of the city limits. there's a real nice rog park nearby, a killer community pool (complete with slide!) and is possibly wi-fi capable.... the skatepark has been here for a few years, the other stuff grew up around it, so i imagine it's getting busier and busier everyday.park is free, no pads required.
4	What an awesome park.  This park has everything except a bunch of pavilions and picnic tables.  I don't think that it is a good park for having a BBQ or a church picnic.  but could be ok for a small kids party.There is a pool, a splash pad, a senior/community center, a skate park and 2 separate play areas for kids under 5 and kids over 5.  I love the fact that play ground area has the nice seats all around for the parents to sit very close by and watch their kids.  The play ground area has a huge sand box, so bring your "beach gear" and play on the splash pad and then go to the sand box area and dig for seashells or whatever you dig up.There is ample parking all around the park.  Follow 48th Street all the way south until it dead-ends into this park.
5	What a great park! This place has something for everyone. A nice and clean playground, cool splash pad, public pool with waterslides, jogging trails and a skatepark. My 7-yr old lives this place and it is very family friendly. Plenty of seating for parents and the price for the public pool is around $2-3 bucks. I like that they don't have a lot of ramada areas because it keeps the place clean. The crowds aren't overwhelming, you won't find nasty stinky garbage cans or annoying flys and ants, etc that come along with food everywhere. I highly recommend coming out for a visit.
2	Old guy with bad knees rporting in.  This park is not great if youre looking for lots of vert action, or bowl runs..very wide open with lots of flat and corners and hips.  Fun to skate--definitely more street style.
