4	My review is based solely on the Little Darlings annual haunted house - a place I make it a point to  haunt every year.  If you've never been to a nudie haunted house, you really should go if it doesn't offend your sensibilities too much.  The thing about this one is that they don't rely on the whole nudity aspect to make the place interesting - they actually try (and on the most part succeed) to make the thing scary.  The 3D paint splatter room got a scream out of me when I was attacked by a paint splatter PERSON, and the girl stretched out on the rack vacillated between being kind of erotic and kind of totally creepy.  When Halloween rolls around, I definitely recommend checking out this spooky spot, then maybe heading on inside the club if you're so inclined.
3	Let me say I'm not a prude and I love female nudity. I wasn't dragged here by friends or something and I've been to my fair share of clubs all over the U.S.  I'd read about this place and wanted to experience a fully nude Vegas strip club, not caring whether or not they can serve alcohol.What I liked: I thought about 1/4 of the dancers were hot. The others ranged from not bad to borderline. What I didn't like: felt like I needed a shower after leaving. While dancers' approaches vary, there seemed to be an assembly line type of method (you sit at the table, dancer sits down, sells you on lapdance, gets paid, moves on, next dancer sits down, repeat). A few dancers were  very aggressive and turned out to be my cue to leave (at 2 am, so maybe fatigue had something to do with my irritation) as their insistence on selling a lapdance and lines of bullshit  became tiresome (and they weren't the most attractive ones in there, who might warrant a patron's voluntarily buying said lines of bullshit).We went during the week; not sure if weekends are better here.I'm sure anyone can see this coming a mile away, but, late week night, not crowded at all, of course, there were no cabs lined up when we were ready to leave. Valet suggested we go back inside and wait (and spend? Maybe we misread that, but were like "yeah, right, dropped enough fun coupons here already"), but quickly got us a cab once we made it clear that we'd just stand outside and smoke until one came along.Overall, though, not bad: not upscale in my opinion, but not a dive, either.
4	Okay, this was my first strip club, so I don't have anything to compare this place to. However, I think it was a great place to cut my teeth, so to speak. The dancers are decent-looking, and could stand to put on 10 or 15 pounds. I was truly amazed by the pole-dancing and bleached anuses; these girls are committed to and are good at what they do. The only turn-off was the bored expressions on some of their faces. It's like, I get that you're so over flashing your gash at strangers every day, but can you fake it for me, please? How about for my $4? The biggest disappointment was not being offered a lapdance by any of the girls combing the floor. I guess they assume that females aren't interested or won't pay as much. I must admit that my private dance was the highlight of my visit, even though I had to ask one of the dancers for it. (Her name was Mirage...sigh.) Also, I have to compliment their use of props on the stage. One girl came out in a Grim Reaper outfit, complete with sickle. It was a little strange seeing her doing her thing on the pole whilst sporting a hood that covered her whole head. Another girl dressed up in a fireman-inspired bodysuit and sat on a Fischer Price firetruck going "Nee-ner-nee-ner-nee-ner!" (like the siren?) while another dancer wheeled her around the stage. Hilarious. We were there until 5 am.Overall I think I'd visit this place again if I happen to be in Vegas. Some of the dancers seemed friendly and kind of sweet, and the DJ's pretty witty if you listen closely. Just stick with the free soda and water, and tip the help.
3	I go here YEARLY!!! Love this place, and the other night we had the best looking dancer ever..  Now the only thing I would change in this place is the venting of smoke.  Now that they have hookas it's well BAD...  My eyes were burning, nose and my sinus were shocked.  Im a smoker and this still got to me.  Other than that all fun......  OH ya whats up with Valet at a strip club and them getting pissed if you don't use it?oh ya and if you want to GET IN FOR FREE!!!!  go to their myspace site and print out the coupons, you still pay 5$ for bottomless soda's but you save 30 on the entry.  Locals now have to pay 10 to get in so print this out also and get in for free. REMEMBER water in a bottle is still 4$
2	I went here back in August over the summer and it was so so. I went with a male friend that's a local but never had been, so we go to check it out. $30 cover, not to happy about that but whatever, so we get in. Because of my club hopping and drinking prior to come here I had to use the restroom, I hate using public restrooms or any that isn't my own toilet for that matter, so I go looking for the restroom to find its in the strippers dressing room. I see all these naked  girls changing, primping or whatever. The smell in this dressing room almost knocked me out. I'm a female, so I know how we should and should not smell, I'll leave it at that. I think they needed to bomb it with some FDS STAT!!! I hopped out of there fast quick and  in a hurry. I come back to sit finding my boy watching this stripper dance for him, and he has this perplexed look on his face. I ask " whats the matter with you?" He says " Her ass looks like she got hemorrhoids", says " come here and look" LOL  . I replied "Hell No". I laughed so hard.  There was another dancer there who had guy friends act like they were random customers and making it rain all over her. My boy noticed it. I laughed at that too.  There was one girl that seem to be capable of doing the job. She was active, she actually could work the pole, and do some tricks too.  So all in all I can't be to mad about it. It was whatever, but funny as hell in the same token.
4	This place is awesome because they have 2-for-1 dances on Tuesdays and have other promotions such as a free porno or Tshirt with the purchase of a lap dance.  I ended up walking away with two T shirts!  Ha...also, cover pays for unlimited drinks (soda, water, juice) so it's relatively inexpensive.  Girls here are typically younger and thinner than the other clubs.  I guess they'll start off at Little Darlings and as they age and gain weight, they'll go to some of the other clubs.  This club also seems to have a no breast implant policy...most girls were natural.  Other great thing is it's a nude club!  Cons:  No alcohol
1	So hearing the yelp reviews, the wife and i thought we would check it out. $5 for both of us for couples night (Monday) sure enough, that's how much we paid to get in. It was very busy, we had to wait a little for seats. After we got settled, we enjoyed the girls on stage for a while, but we were there for almost two hours and not one girl approached us for a dance! We finally got the attention of one who took us to the booths in the back. $40 for a "couples" dance. one song, and I got pretty much completely left out of it (so much for couples part) She didn't even try very hard either.We immediately left and went to Sapphire and had the time of our lives. You pay a-little more, but you get 5 star treatment.
1	Little Darlings = FAILHeard this place could be a great fun spot for couples & has VIP booths with Hookah's but I guess I'll never REALLY know.- Called & spoke to Hostess to set up a VIP Booth Package which includes Limo Pick up- Limo driver called to confirm pick up time (12am)- Limo driver called 45 min late & apologized he is running behind but he is on his way.- Hour 1/2 Later Limo driver yet again apologizes and offer's discount on package- 2 HOURS later.. almost 2am, LIMO driver NEVER SHOWS UP and DOESN'T PICK UP PHONE OR RETURN CALLS.What pissed me off the most is this was all for my Fiance's Surprise 30th Birthday! Luckily the TOP CLUB of VEGAS "Spearmint Rhino" came through and their Limo picked us up in 5 minutes!If you want to take your chances and risk getting stood up then by all means go to Little Darlings. But if you want A+ Customer Service in a flash go with Spearmint Rhino instead. Your loss Little Darlings... was going to spoil my love rotten that night at your club. :oP
4	Went about 3 years ago so not current but very fond memories. 18 and over at the time so it was perfect for my somewhat under 21 group. Had to pay parking back then. Weriod don't know if they were hustling us. 20 bucks to get in. Girls were hot. The show on stage was even hotter. Once of the best things that impressed me about this place when I went was the fact these girls didn't just take their clothes off they knew how to work the pole and some even teamed up on stage to do acrobatics. The best thing to end our night was their birthday special is when several girls get on stage with the bachelor or birthday boy and do a group dance and pose for a picture at the very end with all of their heads in the boys lap. lol awesome times.
1	This is an overdue review for one of the worst experiences ever in Vegas!So a pack of us are in Sin City for "Frozen Fury" to watch the Kings play Colorado.  Emotions were riding high since the Kings won and was going to be my buddy's first time at a Strip Club!We stroll in grab seats and enjoy the festivities.  Hot chicks everywhere so I slowly drift off into Candyland...ahhhhhh.  Little did I know that the wolves were slowly working on one young pup.  A dancer came over and whispered into the "Pup" ears and off he went to the VIP room.3-6-8 Songs later...I ask..."Where's Puperoni".  Of course, the others in the pack ignored me.   Songs continue....chi chis are bouncing....." Hey C...where is your boy??".  C gets up and heads to the VIP room.  Bouncer stops him from entering and tells him he cant go in.  By then, our group heads to see what's up.At some point, the Dancer was able to get the "Pup's" credit card and racked up a bill for $990 and took him for $170 in cash.  WTF!  Okay, now maybe it was at least 10 songs with full nudity, but how do rack up $1000 for lap dances???  BullSh*t!My buddy's pup signed the credit card receipt so there was nothing to contest except that our young apprentice got taken.  Little "Sparky" has a crappy job making $9 an hour, so this $1000+ lesson should be around for quite a while.  I had a great time, venue was cool but do the "Little Darlings" at Little Darlings have to feed on the young.  I was also taught that "you get more bees with honey".  I guess not.  Not sure if I would ever go back.  If you provide a wild and exciting time, the boys will come, however, this was all shady.  Definitely rubbed me the wrong way.  You only get one star cause I can't give you less...but then again you already took what you could.Advice, watch your young or leave the pups at home.  There are tons of other places to go in Vegas.  Next time, I will recommend to stay in CA and call up the girls from Ashley Entertainment.
2	Dead on Sundays, didn't honor the 2-4-1 deal printed on their handout that they give you when you walk in, also didn't honor the free shirts , dvd or energy drinks.  I know sundays are slow, but damn only 10 girls for the whole joint and they only went to the VIP tables.  Will go back, just not on a Sunday.  CYA next year.
4	I used to go to Deja Vu but since I heard it is now changed to a topless bar because it serves alcohol so I figured I'd give Little Darlings Totally Nude a try.  The set up is about the same: $30 cover($20 admission+$10 fee for non-alcoholic drinks).  However if you get coupons from the publications on the strip, the $20 is waved and all you'll have to pay is $10 fee for drinks.  But don't forget to tip the waitress at least a buck every time they bring you a drink.Went there on a Friday night around 10pm during CES and AVN weekend.  The place was already packed probably because it doesn't have as many general sittings as Deja_Vu while it tries to get ppl to pay up for the VIP seats.  However, the manager wasn't pushy and we didn't have to stand around and wait too long for a table.  I heard the club opens till 6am so when I left around 1am, there was around 10/15 ppl waiting in line to get in.Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of girls; maybe because I wasn't expecting much.  I would say a few of them are 6s, with most being 7s in terms of looks and body; there were even a few 8s.  The girls aren't too pushy for private dances; most of them just stand around instead of working the club more.  If you do get a lap dance, be sure to ask how much; some dancers ask for $20 and some $40 so your mileage varies.  There were a lot of opportunities for 2 for 1 dances and even a dollar dance for those sitting under the stage.  The stages were centrally located with good views from anywhere and the girls can really work the poles compared to what I've seen from Sapphires, Seamless, CrazyHorse II(now closed).  Love the way they climb all the way to the top and then spin down; what a sight! :)  The restroom(men) also has an attendant so you might want to have a dollar in hand so you can tip him and not be awkward.Overall, I enjoyed my time there since the girls are cute/friendly/not pushy and even the waitresses are very courteous; a few waitress were hot too but too bad they don't dance. :P  I'd definitely go back again to Little Darlings since their girls are pretty good looking and with some real dance skills.  Instead of going to the mega clubs like Spearmint or Sapphires, I find smaller clubs like Little Darlings/Deja_Vu a better value.  So if you're undedecided, give Little Darlings a try before you dismiss it.  Hope you will have a good time too.
4	Well a drunken night with a large group of tourists brought me here. But, it is not that bad... Semi seedy but what you can expect from a strip club I guess. They did have a good hookah and it brought a lot of girls just to hang out so, it was a savings in the end. The girls are 50/50 hot to scary but, I will bring tourists there again before I take to Saphirre.
1	After finding out that most strip clubs in Vegas were 21+ (Yes, in Cali almost all strip clubs are 18+ due to alcohol laws) my gf and I had no choice but to come to this lovely hole in the wall. 30 dollars cover charge, not bad for Vegas you know? So I keep an open mind and take a step in..  The real problem for me was that  there wasn't really any "stripping" per say. The strippers would come out in their bathing suits.. then go to the back, take it off then come out completely naked. WTF? Isn't stripping supposed to be sexy? Stripping done right is an art, but all these girls would do was come out naked and do the SAME moves. They would shake their asses around repeatedly and of course all the horn dogs would drool and think its the best thing on earth. Yawn.There were also questionable role playing and dancing.There was an act of grim reaper.. Yes she came out in a grim reaper outfit (with the blade and all) I was confused and started laughing. There's nothing sexy about a grim reaper... Why not have a dominatrix or something that's more appealing? There was also a strange part where they layed a blanket out and poured candle wax on their bodies.. Kinky? Nope.... for some reason it was just gross. They were so unattractive, physically and personality wise. There were also 3 strippers that made a huge fuss on stage. They were wildly waving their arms around at each other because nobody tipped them while they were on their poles. They were all mad and they even went up to a guy and started yelling when he gave them two dollars. Then she proceeded to flip him off. Errr... people pay you to STRIP not to be a bitch. If you would just do your job and do it WELL, people would freaking tip you. Period. Overall, the girls were all around 6's. They were out of shape (stretch marks, pooches and tatts everywhere), unenthusiastic and looked miserable! I swear, some of them looked like they would rather go to jury duty then to be dancing at that club.. I don't know where this establishment got these "dancers" but for Vegas I was thoroughly disappointed. When I come back again in a few weeks (when I turn 21) hopefully I'll visit a real Vegas strip club such as Spearmint Rhino or Treasures.Save your money for quality guys!
2	A group of my friend and I arrived at this place around six, and it was very desolate.  There were three dancers in two hours and each of them did about three minutes worth of work.  Though there was one very dexterous girl who was impressive, it was mostly depressed girls on their phones.  Really a mournful experience overall.  The only plusses were seeing the Make It Rain ATM machine (Why isn't this in Vons?)  and said one dancer who managed to do more pole tricks in four minutes than I've ever seen.Also, I think the DJ/Announcer guy didn't even bother showing up for the first 45 minutes.  We went over to Treasures and had a way better time.  With alcohol.
4	Little Darlings is an intimate chain of clubs owned by Deja Vu.  The club is 18+ as they do not serve alcohol and thus is fully nude.  Little Darlings is a little different than most clubs as it seems more personal and thus a better experience for some one on one dances.  I've found this to be the case at several Little Darlings' locations.My most recent visit was this past 4th of July.  My party and I had some club passes and called to reserve transportation.  The limo was promised within thirty minutes and was at our hotel within the time frame.  The driver was courteous and friendly and let us know the club was busy and had about 30 girls working that night.  The passes include free cover and only require tipping the driver and buying bottomless drinks ($10).  There was a line of about ten patrons in front of us that moved painfully slow.  We waited in line a good fifteen minutes.  The staff was unorganized, uninformed, and just plain bad. They had a hard time honoring the military discount and were forced to call over a manager.  However, I didn't mind waiting, as the hostess had some big titties and I was already buzzin.Once our IDs were checked and my military buddy got his free perks (free drinks and a $50 gift card), we made our way inside.  The club had a free BBQ buffet going, but didn't look to appealing to myself.  The club was busy and most of the seating was being occupied, yet we managed to sit by the stage.  The girls were plenty and were walking around by the second stage in front of the bar area.  The club is very relaxed and I never felt bothered by the strippers.  I was only approached one or two times for dances due to the tight seating near the main stage.  Most strippers congregate in a designated corral, which makes it easy for getting your girl.The quality of girls was better than average and consisted of white girls, black girls, and a few Latinas.  I don't recall seeing any Asian girls, however.  Lap dances start at $20 and steadily climb from there.  If you choose a girl, which you should, I URGE you to get a BED DANCE.  The dance is no average lap dance on a couch.  Instead, you're put on to a bed that resembles a doctor's table and for lack of better words, you're dry fucked non stop with YMMV depending on the girl.  The bed dance is unique to Las Vegas and is nothing that I've experienced in San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego.  If you do anything, I strongly recommend getting a bed dance.  Little Darlings is a gem and definitely worth a visit. My only complaints is the unorganized staff and the slow security screening, which included a metal detector.Little Darlings Pricing Structure:Cover:  Varies (Free to $30)Locals and tourist: $20 plus $10 for unlimited drinks, utilize club passes.Lap Dances:Bed Dances & Private Dances (Topless & Nude): $20+$20 is the cost for one lap dance, however your mileage may vary per girl, pay more get more is the formula.VIP Dance:  $100+VIP Section: $100+ Minimum
1	We went for a bachelor party for a friend. Extremely sketchy but it was super cheap.  Some of the dancers threatened to throw us out because my friend didn't give them $40 for a dance, when we saw him hand them two $20s.  Also, when we were just sitting and smoking hookah and having a good time, girls would come over and get angry at us for not getting a dance. It was awkward and sketchy and ridiculous.  Never again.
5	First Vegas Strip Club experience. Little Darlings was an amazing experience lol. Hottest chicks, all nude, best overall value compared to other Strip clubs in Vegas which are topless only and super expensive. Went on a Tuesday, and it was awesome, plenty of girls, good atmosphere. They say the lap dances are two for one on Tuesday but it seems all the strippers had their own price, some say $20 for a lap dance others $40. Either way, great experience, fine girls for sure. Will go again next time I'm in Vegas. The only complaint is the cover which is $30 for visitors, and if you get money out of the ATM there it's a $10 fee which is insane so bring plenty of cash.
5	Best Girls in the club. Had time of my life.
1	On my drunken conquest to visit my very first all nude strip club, our cab driver suggested this place. We pulled into the parking lot, saddled up with our driver, and at 5:45am, we were told the place was closing at 6am and that they were not allowing any more clients for the evening. BOO!
1	I will never go to this place again, and I recommend the many otherclubs for anyone looking for a good time while in Vegas. I was charged double the posted rate for a dance by a dancer namedCya. When I brought the overcharging to a managers attention,instead of refunding my money they gave me entry passes to the club.  Ihope Cya gets fired for being fraudulent and lying to management about what shecharges customers.  Dances are $20 per song, I was charged $40 per song for topless only.Again, I will not be returning to this club as longas Cya is employed there and I suggest everyone do the same.  Saveyour money and go to a better club.
2	I just went last night for the first time in a little while with a group of friends to have a good time. Little Darlings used to be my club of choice for about 4 years. I used to go all the time because the atmosphere was great, the girls were very pretty, and I always had a good time there. I've spent a LOT of money there in the past.They must have gone under new management recently because that was certainly not the case last night. We rolled up two cars deep. I drove the first car, and as soon as we got to the parking lot we were approached by security, who would not let us get a word in about waiting for our friends who were right behind us. He told us to get in the club or leave. We brushed it off and went into the club. We stood in line waiting for our friends. Another security approached my buddy and demanded that he take off his beanie. I understand its club policy, but he certainly didn't have to be rude about it.By that point our friends still hadn't showed up, so we decided to step out and walk across the street to the empty parking lot to wait. When the rest of our party arrived we went back in and got back in line. The same security that gave my buddy attitude about his beanie was very pushy and rude getting everyone up against the wall so we could be funneled through the metal detector, which is a also a new inconvenience.By now i'd had about enough of their attitude before we even got in the club so we turned around and walked out again. We were a decent sized group that brought several hundred dollars with us to spend that night but Little D's worked hard to lose our business. I'm sure the atmosphere inside the club is still decent if you can work through the attitude they give you at the door. They may have lost my business indefinitely.We had a good time at Sheri's Cabaret later that night.
3	So being underage and not being able to do ANYTHING in Las Vegas this was my only option for entertainment. Welcome to the strip club review.I met some friends of mine (who are all 21+) who decided it would be fun to take me to a totally nude strip joint. was I excited? YES! we arrived around 1:30am and I gotta say...Wow, this place looks super shady. These are the places where you know there's a heavy chance you'll get shot and mugged. We quickly lowered our ghetto rap music which was blasting and causing attention. (3 white boys and a Asian in Prius hybrid)  YEA real hood!We immediately get in line looking perky as hell. A little drunken smirk is clearly visible on each person. We finally got in at 30 dollars a head (out of state price) which was in my opinion kinda ridicules. We arrived inside to see a typical movie interpretation of a strip joint. cigarette smoke air source, black lights galore, diverse hoo-da-fa clientele.pros and cons!pros-some of these girls are absolutely gorgeous. My mouth hit the floor with some of them. like Maxim/penthouse gorgeous! I told one of them they should model and she told me "No honey, I like stripping" GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME! ;)Some of them could really dance. Like cirque du soleil style but without clothes on. This one girl literally climbed a 20 feet pool like a monkey! I was more amazed then turned on to be honest.I saw a guy "Make it rain" for the first time! He continuously threw 25-40 one dollar bills in the air and it made me so happy for the experience to see that.there's hookah here! I made friends with a couple and they were willing to share theirs with me... kinda cool! ;)cons-these girls are very very very forward. (AKA hustling)I was standing by myself watching the stage while one came from the front and back of me. I was stuck and a little afraid to be honest. It was like a scene from Jurassic park with the raptors! They both tempted me about the luscious things awaiting me in the VIP with both of them. I politely decline but they kept asking.The club got repeative after an hour or so and I got little bored to be honest.Perhaps I don't understand the real appeal of strip clubs. The idea sounds amazingly fun, but once your there it's not. the strippers paid more attention to the less attractive older crowd then the younger kids due to $$$ of course.all in all.....it was definitely an experience.Would I come back? Maybe, just not with any high high hopes.
2	Came here early a.m. on a Monday morning while spending some time in Vegas.  The girls here were a lot hotter than at other clubs in Vegas I've been to but they were way lazier.  I didn't see anyone really dancing or climbing the pole or anything.  They were just kind of walking around in lingerie on the stage.  Could have been the time we were there but still, I want to see a show!  I probably wouldn't go there again.
2	This club is pretty small, and rather interesting. Be sure to check out Midget night here!
1	Took my just turned 18 year old cousin to here while we were in town. We did this package that included VIP seating, unlimited hookah, a picture for the celebrant and admission for 10 people for $250.I had already spoken with someone over the phone and they said it would be ok for us to get the package. And when we got there, they acted like "what package?!" We ended up talking to the manager and when we showed the money, they remembered that they did have this package. We walked thru the metal detectors and were seated on three couches up front near the stage. It was almost 1am and there were a handful of people. I guess it was couples night and there were a handful of couples tryna get they're "freak on" I guess. When they came to ask what flavor hookah we wanted, they said they only had two flavors left. So we got those two flavors, mint & fruit punch. And when picture time came, the stupid waitress didn't even know how to work the camera. And all they did was print the picture and  tape it to a card.So to the good part?! There was NO good part. Little Darlings is FULLY NUDE, but the bodies are bangin'. Small boobies, some cute girls and the dancers ARE LAZY AS F#%K!! Only a couple got on the pole to do some tricks. Most of them were just walking around stage and rolling around on the floor. It didn't take them long to take their strings of clothes off. I thought dancing was supposed to be an "art form", but I guess do what you gotta do for those dollar$.Unless, we came on a bad night or the wrong time, I would NEVER come back here again. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone either.
3	Tuesday 2 for 1 20-40 $ depending on girl etcOverall pretty goodCouch and bed dancesKk
1	goldiggers everywhere, place smells like smoke, no classjust no
4	WOOHOO! FIRST TIME AT A STRIP CLUB! Loud music, indoor smoking, cheap drinks, and best of all, fully nude girls. They got a catwalk with 3 stripper poles and a center stage for one girl. It was a great experience, and I recommend it for 18-20 year olds. 21 and up are maybe a little too old for the girls there. I went there with some friends and I didn't want a lap dance because I didn't know what the stripper would do to me and I didn't want to pay $30 to be in a room for 5 minutes. But since it was my first time at a strip club, my friend bought me a stripper and room, and I had no choice but to go with her since my friend can't get his money back. Overall, it was a fun experience, and if I ever come back to Vegas again, I'll probably give this place one more visit. Tips:-Check their website for coupons for free admission that you can print out-Bring at least 20 $1 bills-Don't wear jeans or tight pants-Rub some cologne on your neck if you plan on getting a lap dance-Take a shower after leaving the strip club because every girl has the same scent and glitter all over their bodies-BRING YOUR OWN HAND SANITIZER-Most of all, enjoy the gorgeous ladies
1	This is embarrassing to write about but it's that important for everyone to know this place is a huge scam!  First you have to pay $33 cover for out of towners which is expensive since other clubs have free admission and a limo ride. Not to be mean but the girls are not as hot as other places, which my group immediately noticed. Also I WANT TO WARN EVERYONE that 2 of my friends got hustled here so be very wary of anything extra they offer.  If you come, avoid anything extra but the smart thing is DONT COME HERE
2	2.2 StarsLocation Overview:A friend and I wanted to check out a decent club that allowed those under 21 to come in. We heard different things about Little D's so we decided to check it out ourselves. As we drove around looking for this place we noticed that we were heading into the bad part of town. We started second guessing whether or not we should just go back. We finally found Little D's and were a tad bit concerned. The location was actually small. Inside had way too much smoke (which wouldn't really bother me because I'm a smoker), but there was a haze in the room to where you couldn't see in front of you. Every booth was VIP unless you were in the back near the front door and you could not see anything. Customer Service:When we first arrived it was nice that we got a NV Residence discount and because it was ladies night we got another discount only paying $15 per person. However, from what I have been told other Gentlemen Clubs (high-end) have free admission. But $15 isn't going to break me. We had a group of guys invite us to their VIP section right up front (usual's to the club) and we could see everything. After about 20-25mins I was just not very impressed. Im not a lesbian but you know.... everyone like to look at a sexy girl take her clothes off, and I just was not feeling it. Side Notes: Even if you are under 21yrs old it is best to wait. It is not worth the drive to BFE to go into a not so clean place.
4	- By default Little Darlings is my favorite strip club in Vegas because it's fully nude, a convenient location and decent line-up of young dancers.  They don't serve alcohol but their dancers can be age 18 - 20 whereas in gentlemen clubs serving alcohol, all the dancers have to be 21 and over.  The bottomless drinks is convenient and a big cost saver (no $5 Cokes to pay for).I first came here in 2010 and I think it's gradually gone downhill in the past 3 yrs.  Was here again on Thu/3 Oct about 1 am and again Fri/4 Oct about 12:30 am with some out-of-town friends:- The cashier wouldn't accept the coupons I had printed out from the website for free entrance+$5 bottomless drinks because it was after 10 pm, but the coupon had zero fine print stipulating that limitation.  I just grabbed some of the free entrance passes sitting next to the cash register, gave it to the cashier so then she gave my friends free entrance+$11 bottomless drinks.  - I'm a local so I had free entrance+$11 bottomless drinks.- Ok line-up both nights.  Service was ok the first night.  Never had a waitress come by (there were 3 of us sitting at the stage so we were easy to spot) the second night; the server did not appear that busy.  I just went to the bar to get my drink.- Will be back but wish they'd improve their operations (adding "valid before 10 pm" to their website coupon, having attentive server(s), etc).
2	Little Darlings is 100% nude, hence. no alcohol was served.  It's a little off the Vegas strip but not hard to find.  If you want an awesome VEGAS strip club experience, this is not the place.  It was dingy and cheap looking.  I felt kind of dirty stepping inside.  The girls were not in their perfect form.  Some of them were old and out of shape (to put it nicely).  If that's what I wanted to look at, I could have stayed home and looked in the mirror.  We were club hopping so this was just another place for us to check out.  We only stayed less than 1 hour and skipped to Cheetah's afterward.  I would say to skip it totally.
1	First time in Vegas, last time at Little Darling. Read all the other negative reviews and you have my review summed up.
4	I am a cheapskate.That being said, if you go with a group of friends, stay in the middle of them all.You can deflect and make your friends buy lap dances while you creepily watch.
4	I'm a fan of regular topless bars, but Little Darlings is awesome.Its the first fully nude club I've been to, and let me tell you...the girls are beautiful.  And I'm picky.Some people don't like that there is no alcohol served, but it didn't bother me. I like this place.  There was even karaoke this weekend!  I will be back.  They seem to have a lot of cool events all the time, too. :)
1	I have came to Little Darlings 4 different occasions and every time I was dissatisfied. I love entertainers and the technically of dancing. Yet, this is NOT the place to enjoy it. Cover for locals is $17 and $33 for outsiders, includes soda beverages at the bar. I have attended by myself AND with friends. We all agreed that the size of the venue was great but the atmosphere depressing. The entire night seemed unorganized. The dancers walk/stand around with scrunched mean faces and uncomfortable body language. I noticed they only smile when approaching a customer to converse. That being said 3 out of the 4 times i attended, I was never approached. Little do the women know I have $200+ for someone with good conversation and a nice smile. Oh well. I think the top 2 buzz killers for me was the DJ and the Dancers. The music ranges from rock n' roll, 80s, to hip hop. I love the variety but the transitions are horrible and the in between songs are almost annoying. The DJ's voice sounds like he is at an auction and you can never hear what he is saying 90% of the time. I am a firm believer that the DJ controls the hype and atmosphere of a club. And unfortunately I was very bored and distant.The dancers are average when it comes to the skill level. They know maybe 1 or 2 pole tricks then attempt to shake their butt to their chosen tune. The majority of the dancers are beautiful in their own way.Eh, I'd say there's only 1 woman that I enjoyed watching. Jackie was here name. She was smiling and flirting and used the entire stage during her performance! She made me smile and had my eyes locked. I moved closer and threw her a big tip, she came over and thanked me. Her breast were so soft ^_^} After her performance she came over to my chair and thanked me again. I tipped her a $20 bill then released her to make more money. Its very difficult to watch the other dancers on stage without my face being twisted. They are not entertaining nor look like they enjoy their job. Smh. I can't bare to return.I would recommend going to Lacey's. Full Nude Full Bar Strip club. Thursdays 9pm-4am Fridays-Saturdays 3am-7am This is the Hip Hop strip club of Las Vegas. 21+ $20 cover charge for all. IF YOU WANT AN ENTERTAINING STRIP CLUB WITH DRINKS, BEAUTIFUL WOMEN, AND GREAT MUSIC THIS IS WHERE YOU SHOULD BE!! Not Little Darlings
1	The worst club ever. I came from China. I went to little darling yesterday night,  they Took me to the private room, I was very happy and they asked for $600 bucks for the service. That's not too much for me but after they asked me :Do u want a happy ending? I said :How much is that? That bitc h told me it's $4000 bucks.i was like "wtf?" And they don't let me go(they even didn't put me pants off) i asked for some discount.finally we made deal it's $2400 bucks.P.S. Don't bring  any of ur friends go Little daring.
2	Time of visit: Thursday afternoonPros: 1. totally naked females, 2 some of the females were very attractive and young, 3. some of the females were very accomodating4. okay layout and moderate spaceCons:1. totally naked females -- some of you may  not want an ugly girls snatch 2inches from your face2.some of the females were very unattractive --- they weren't little...nor darling...more like...big.& gnarling...i.e.. (strectch marks..etc)3. some of the females were very un-acccomodating (case in point -- blue light special, 2 for 1 dance.....many of the more attractive strippers outright rejected that coupon/discount...one even tried to charge twice as much for 1...WOW....4. layout -- unfortunatlly..no beer/acohaloverall, the cons outweighs the negative as of my recent visit.....perhaps management will read this and make corrective action to persuade the better looking strippers to honor the blue light special......if not...then its basically a bait and switch.......
1	This place is the worst strip club in the world I would avoid this place at all costs I would avoid this place. I think that the person in the front is the most rude ass person in the world.  All we asked was to speak with the manager an got escorted out
1	The girls here are easy, the venue is dirty and this is not where you want to go when you are in Las Vegas. It was not appealing. Dont expect any of your needs to be met here. Unless you are a dirty bastard.
1	Little Darlings is such a scam  they said dances were  top-less??? No they aren't topless they show you a nip from far away and if u try to get closer they call a bouncer then they kick u out like a dog after you pay $20 cover and $350 private rooms are shit, I got this girls they were snooty and they just ordered drinks on our tab and they didn't even dance.... Such a scam they're dirty they stink
1	This place is a rip off! Charge you 44 if you arrive in a cab. Then advertise $20 dances and then change the price when they take you back for your dance.(1 song $50) were sitting at the stage and one of the dancers reaches over and snatches all my nephews ones out of his hand and throws them in stage . Some of the girls are beautiful some not . Definitely will never go back! And they ran out of singles !!
5	I love Little Darlings!  I've spent several days in the club.  And I got a lot of action.  It's a dirty little place with $20 lapdances in the back, with no cameras!  For those of you with your heart set on drinking this isn't your club, but I go there to get pussy.
1	Me n 3 of my friends came here for my birthday....our whole Vegas trip was dedicated to strippers...not only did we pay 30$ to get in...we sat in this club for 3 hours and not one girl talked to any of us...but there was 8 girls sitting on the side not doing anything...we all sat there with stacks in our pockets n left with those stacks in our pockets....on our ride back we were in the car with 7 other people who had the same experience...NEVER AGAIN....when we complained they offered to give us passes to come back....seriously?!?? I don't recommend anyone going here either we will definitely be spending our money elsewhere
4	This was my first time at an all nude strip club, and also my first time getting a private lap dance. And I'll have to say, I don't think it'll be my last. I had a great time at Little Darling's, but I have a really open mind so this place is probably not for everyone. The location may not be in the best area, but utilize their free limo transportation and you won't have to worry about getting lost. The cover charge is normally $33, but we got a special for $24. It wasn't very busy this last Saturday night, but there were a good amount of dancers. There were girls of all ethnicities and all were in good shape. Some skinnier than others, and some curvier ones, so there was something for everyone. Lap dances start at $20 and you can have your choice of bed or couch. My boyfriend wanted to watch, so the dancer I chose charged us $40. I really enjoyed it and I think my guy did too! The downside to this place is the beds and couches are kind of run down and the rooms aren't the cleanest. They also don't serve alcohol, but plenty of water, soda and juice.
3	Little Darlings...where I lost my strip club virginity and also my latest fully nude strip club experience.  I remember there being more beautiful dancers in the past (especially for a Saturday) but the real reason for a pedestrian rating was the pedestrian dancing and energy I felt from the stage.  True, many of the other patrons were being stingy (Ol' man Jones would have tossed quarters of it were allowed)...but my girlfriend and I tipped and wanted more and better twerking.  Darlings does offer the best for the $ lap dances at only $20.00 per session though.  Their "private" cubicle style rooms (not VIP) haven't seem to be upgraded since my very first visit 10+ years ago.  $150.00 for a VIP room will get you a nicer atmosphere and longer session though.
3	Went on couples night with my wife, $6 cover and soda drinks included. Average girls with small chests. Most girls friendly and sat with my wife and me after asking, liked the respect given of asking first since my wife was there! $20 lap dances for couples on Monday nights. Even though most of the girls have small chests, the friendly girls made it enjoyable.
