5	This pizza chain is one of kind.  Villa Pizza has one of the best recipes around!!  This one is located inside the Red Rock Casino.  The service is quick.  The ingredients are premium and the taste is delicious.  It is well known for its New York style thin crust!  Been there many a times and it still is the same great flavor every time.
3	Eh--- not bad... not badStopped here after bingo (yes, bingo!) and ordered the Stromboli Combo. Choice of pepperoni, greek, or chicken ranch stromboli with a side and a soda for $8 and change. Not terrible pricing for inside a casino. The stromboli was pretty good.. I was not in the mood for pepperoni and I the Greek one wasn't for me so I tried the chicken-ranch. Flavor wise, not bad -- could have gone without the broccoli inside (when I think chicken-ranch I don't think broccoli). Not that I don't enjoy broccoli but just wasn't needed and it was not good quality.As a side I ordered Baked Ziti-- definately a star-saver. Definately helped push it to 3 stars.Anyway, all in all not a bad option for a quick meal in the Red Rock Casino
3	The pizza here is okay...I usually like my pizza piping hot with the cheese nice and gooey. Whenever I get pizza here it's warm. I usually love all garlic bread but this one is too greasy. It still decent pizza to get when you are on the go!
3	Food was decent; the pizza was better than the pasta. Towards the end of the night, they were out of certain sides. A combo is about $9 for a Sicilian pizza w/ a side & drink. The counter was messy with lots of napkins and straw wrappers, but no one bothered to clean it. I'll go here if the Fatburger line is too long because you get your food almost instantly.
3	Its decent pizza and they have a nice variety of food to choose from. It does not compare to a stand alone Villa Pizza. There is definitely a quality difference.The pizza slices are a little smaller and not as floppy as you would expect from other Villas. With no one in line but my family and I, we waited 5 minutes for one of the 3 staff to address us with even a hello or be with you when we feel like it.The prices still beat paying movie pricing though for a less feeling amount of junk food.
4	The pizza here is very tasty and they usually have a lot of options to choose from. If they don't have out what you'd like. They'll gladly take the time to make a pie your way. Personally i like the cheese And mushroom, covered in pepper flakes! Always full leaving Villa!!!
3	Service wasn't as prompt as usual. Always friendly though. The lack of selection weighed my opinion on staying with pizza, but I settled cuz it's all good here!
1	I was in Red Rock Casino and a bit hungry, so I thought I'd get a slice. The server was distracted, and forgot that I'd ordered my pizza to go.  I ordered one of the deep dish slices, which was about $5.50.  He put it in the oven for less than a minute- so when I got to my car to eat it, it was barely lukewarm.  Besides that, the crust was HARD. I could barely bite into it.  They say that there's no such thing as bad pizza...I beg to differ!
1	First of all, shame on you Villa Pizza, you ruined my stay at the Red Rock. This was my first night at Red Rock and I was excited, tired and hungry! And what do you know? Villa pizza was selling there slices half off!! So with a family of four, I ordered an entire pizza of course not forgetting to ask if the pizza was fresh, bc we all know if it sounds too good to be true, it more than likely is. Well the guy reassured me they had just made the pizza so I paid $10 for a whole pizza, went to my room and chowed down w my husband, two year old and one year old babies. The next morning, our guts bubbles and our Vegas/Red Rock experience was completely ruined by and constantly interrupted by sprints to the nearest restroom. It was bad. Really bad. Luckily my babies didn't feel the wrath until we made it home last night. They had low grade fevers and woke up this morning with 103 degree temps. I gave the baby motrin and booked them for a trip to the doctor. I hate seeing them sick and I want to really slap the guy who KNEW the pizza was no good and SAW me with my babies yet still sold it to me and everyone one else behind us. Anything for a dollar right, Villa Pizza? That includes selling rank pizza???? I wouldn't have given it away for free. Have some morals and ethics. Shame on you!
3	Pizza is amazing, servicr is great, but the rest of the food is kinda meh, but its my tradition to have pizza when I cash my paycheck and villa is my fave pizza place, but yhe buffalo wings are kinda soggyish and the ziti is ok, ill be back just for the pizza
3	They got my takeout order wrong & the chicken strombolli was undercooked.The spinach strombolli was tasty, and I can't review the pepperoni because they gave me chicken instead. After sending my comments on-line, a company rep called me to apologize. I'm grateful for the excellent service, and I would return to Villa Pizza, but will try to check the takeout order before I leave!
3	This Villa Pizza is located inside the food court at Red Rock Station. I would doubt anybody makes a special trip just to eat the pizza here, but it does work out nicely after getting out of a movie for grabbing a quick bite. I wouldn't eat at the chain Villa Pizza for years since I grew up on the locally owned original, but sometimes you have to stop being stubborn which is exactly what I did. When I walked by I wasn't sure if I wanted to eat here or at Rubio's, then I saw a fresh cheese pizza come out of the oven and knew that I wanted a slice. The girl behind the counter was nice. A "Cheese Slice" cost $3.79 before tax. For being in a food court and a chain, the pizza was A-OK. I didn't think the price was bad, but I also shared my husbands drink from Panda Express (panda has a decent medium and large size for the price with free refills). Definitely not the best pizza in town, but is decent enough for a quick dinner. They have table and half table/booth seating in the food court area.
