4	An outlet store at the Premium Outlets Center- one of our favorite places to shop. This location is situated across from the Food Court alongside Zales, Orange Julius/Dairy Queen & Claire's.Lots of specials at the fine chocolatier, such as chocolate covered pretzels- 3 boxes for $9.99. I ended up getting a little something for my chocoholic coworker who has a birthday in January. If you sign up your e-mail address, you join the club (you'll get two cards to carry), you will get a free piece of chocolate every month- it's worth it to join. So I joined, and when my hubbie heard all the benefits, he joined too (laughing***he is a chocoholic). I had the red velvet (mmm, I am loving all the red velvet offerings lately) and he had the uber rich melted ganache middle- a little too rich for my taste.The specials were all clear since there were signs on everything. There was a truffle section where you could choose your own mix, but not sure how that worked- no sign, and my husband didn't want to inquire so as to be feel pressured into another thing to buy. There was a helpful saleslady making the rounds who was Pinay- she was speaking Tagalog to some other Pinoy customers (yup, I understood them). One cashier was manning the register. And another person was making chocolate covered strawberries. It's worth stopping by this store for the specials alone- the regular prices are pretty steep.
4	Quality Godiva Chocolates for lessThis is a great place to stock up on gifts to take back home.  I got a hazelnut praline truffle and a dark chocolate strawberry banana stick.  The chocolate and fruit were still fresh and yummy.
5	Very nice staff! It would be not only for the best chocolate to enjoy the shopping experience there.Godiva chocolate in my opinion is the best chocolate, but also one of the most expensive.
5	Located in the Premium Outlet Mall North in the Food Court. This place is great. If you need a chocolate fix (and who doesn't?), look no further. Jeannie is the manager and she does a great job. They can also do all sorts of gift boxes and the like. stop in and have a truffle or three. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	What should I write about Godiva chocolatier beside their chocolate?  How about Belgian chocolate soft ice cream? Yes! Soft ice cream!This is new product launched this summer and it calls "soft serve". It costs $6 for a cone of dark, white or twist chocolate ice cream.  Well... It sounds like twice the cost for soft ice cream at DQ.  But, I would say it totally worth it for Godiva Belgian chocolate ice cream.The crunchy Belgian Waffle cone is available plain or rimmed with melted milk or dark chocolate, with or without praline almonds.  The ice cream so smooth, rich, creamy and delicious! You can get a stamp card when you buy 6 and get 1 free!  If they sell it at Vancouver, I probably make get the free ice cream in a week!
