1	I just moved to AZ so I haven't "been around" yet.  But, I did go to Pong Pong Restaurant. Let me start here... I love Chinese food.  I have been to many different types of Chinese food restaurants.  I usually order won ton soup...and that's what I did at Pong Pong.  I took my first sip of soup and it tasted like someone poured the entire contents of a pepper shaker in my soup.  I couldn't eat it, so I returned it to get another soup that was completely disgusting.  Let me describe the soup: DIRTY GAS STATION TOILET BOWL WATER.I also ordered the chicken chow mein combo - which includes pork fried rice.  The chow mein did not have any taste and smelled funny.  I noted 5 small chucks of chicken in the whole plate. The rice was favorless and had a spackle-type texture.  Last, but certainly not least, my pepsi was flat.  How do we screw up SODA, people?My husband ordered the sweet and sour chicken, which looked more like vomit than anything.  No part of this dinner was good, not even remotely good.  The place isn't the cleanest either.  My husband said the unisex toilet was filled to the very top with water (I didn't have the pleasure of witnessing this).  If you were sitting down, you would have drown.So we blew $17.00 and ate about 5 bites each of what we ordered.  Big waste of money.  I was surprised I didn't get sick to my stomach when I got home, my stomach ached for the rest of the night.  Every time I drive by Pong Pong, I think Puke, Puke.So, if you are into getting ripped off and eating crappy food, I recommend Pong Pong!  :)
5	I love Pong Pong. It's family owned and operated for 15 years(?). They've won a television investigative report for cleanliness. I've been there many times. Never a problem. Very large portions for the price (especially the lunch menu). The hot and sour soup is always excellent.
3	It is what it is.  Cheap chinese food that will deliver in under an hour.  We ordered a ton of food for 5 of us and spent $46.  The only thing I thought was below average was the wonton soup.  Everything else was o.k.  Great egg rolls.
4	I am kind of surprised that everyone hates Pong Pong so far. I have a really hard time finding Chinese food that I like and Pong Pong is usually pretty good. The people there are always nice, and they usually remember my order as soon as I walk in even though I don't go there as much as I used to. My friends and I used to go every couple of weeks and they always found something they liked. It's a little dive restaurant but that's part of its charm. Plus, it's a lot of food for a little money.
1	My roommate and I had been ordering from this place for over a year.  We were incredibly loyal and encouraged all of our friends to order from Pong Pong - I know from my own records that we've given these guys hundreds of dollars in business.Last week when we were moving and completely foodless, we followed our usual routine and called Pong Pong.  The food took an hour and a half to get there (they said 30-45 mins), the delivery driver called us twice, yelled at us and then hung up both times.  When he finally got there, he WHISTLED at us to come get the food from his car and when he didn't bring one of the meals we ordered, he simply apologized and left.  My roommate ended up having to get in his car and drive to get food after waiting over an hour for Pong Pong to bring us our simple, two entree order.  Not to mention, the food I ordered with no onions or mushrooms was covered in both.The next day I called to speak with the manager and get my money back and they refused to reimburse my card, told me they "understood" that I wouldn't be giving them anymore business after trying to remedy it with 15% off my next order.Are you kidding me?  DON'T ORDER FROM THIS PLACE.  I used to stick up for them when others said their food was gross and service bad, but apparently they really don't care about maintaining a report with loyal costumers and solving problems.  I know the economy sucks and everyone is trying to hold onto their pennies, but a free meal is all they needed to keep a steady flow of business from us and our multiple friends.At this point, I'd go to Panda Express before Pong Pong.
3	I have ordered the Special Beef twice and it has been satisfactory. My boyfriend has had the orange chicken and sweet & sour chicken, both were average. There's nothing spectacular about Pong Pong, but it's not terrible either. It's easy on the wallet too.
5	I have been eating at Pong Pongs since about '94 and I have to say that it has the best Chinese food I can find in the Phoenix Metro area.  The employees are nice but the service is a little slow for most places.  In my opinion though, it is worth the wait.  They have good portions at a very reasonable price.
3	I enjoyed Pong Pong for exactly what it was, fast and cheap chinese food. I was not expecting a 5 course meal with all the trimmings but what I got was totally worth the price I paid. There were HUGE portions and the dish was spicy enough to suit my tastes and my boyfriends. Literally when I say fast I mean it. I was in and out of there in under 10 minutes and the food was piping hot!The staff was quick and efficient, though not overly friendly. When I walked in the establishment was clean but definitely not modern by any standards. You get what you pay for at this place and when I want fast and cheap chinese food I will be going here again.
5	When you combined taste, price, and portion size Pong Pong can't be beat and the best part is they deliver too.   Every time, i have ordered food at Pong Pong it has come out hot, fresh and quick.   I have eaten almost every dish on the menu and have enjoyed them all.      They do have a good priced lunch menu as well.
4	I love Pong Pong fast chinese food at its finest family owned and friendly I have been going there for 12 years if you live in the neighborhood and feel a little down, great delivery when you don't want to go out. Everyone I have taken there loves it never a complaint.....
4	Whenever I am in the mood for quick, easy, and tasty Chinese delivery Pong Pong is my choice.The portion size for the price is always excellent.Their delivery people are always courteous and happy to serve even though I live on the most annoying 3rd floor of my apartment complex! I have always received my food fast and hot.So if you are in the mood for quick food for a good price. Pong pong would be my choice.
4	Pong Pong is just what everyone has stated it is: Chinese Fast Food, BUT if you like Shrimp Lo Mein like I ENJOY Shrimp Lo Mein, you'll understand why i pass other places to go here. Most inexpensive places will give you inexpensive shrimp...which are usually small and not very tasty. Pong Pong, on the other hand, has the BIGGEST shrimp of any other Chinese place in it's price range.You can stand-by and watch your food get made if you like. The view of the kitchen when you are in the restaurant practically guarantees cleanliness. And one final warning....your food will be fresh and it will be HOT !!
4	Pong Pong is the best Chinese delivery I have tried in Tempe so far. Often the food arrives cold and the flavor is bland or strange. Not the case with Pong Pong! Delivery was much faster than other places I have tried. It was only about 25 minutes. The food was perfect temperature wise and the delivery man was a nice older gentlemen who was very friendly :) The shrimp low mien was SO GOOD. Loved the flavor. I also ordered the chicken in plumb sauce and it was great! I am a very picky eater when it comes to chicken and I had no problems with this. It was free of fatty parts and not dry at all. My only 2 gripes with my order:First, the crab puffs were large, which was good, but they weren't filled enough. And it mostly tasted like cream cheese and no crab. That was a bit disappointing.Second, the way they do their delivery portions is weird...there is about half of the main dish you order and about half of fried rice. I didn't even ask for fried rice...so that was kind of a bummer. I wanted a bunch of low mien and instead I got about a half order of that and the rest was fried rice. :( Next time I will ask them about this. So, just beware!Either way I will definitely be ordering from this place again the next time I decide I want Chinese food delivery!
5	Best Chinese take-out/delivery in Tempe.  Delicious, inexpensive, and my normal delivery guy (his name is Mike but we lovingly call him Pong Pong) is super friendly.
5	Let's just say after driving home from Vegas I reached my house super hungry. My roommate just kept talking about how she had previously that morning ordered Pong Pong and could not stop raving about how cheap it was for how much food she got. So I went for it... I ordered the beef and brocoli and they delivered it directly to my front door. The serving was huge and I am super impressed with how good it actually was. I had yet to find a good chinese place that I would return to until I had Pong Pongs so give it a chance.
5	I was on my couch, late at night, pondering what to eat. At that exact moment, a late '80s cop movie was on the tube... I was unsure of the name, probably a lethal weapon movie. Anyway, the scene was two cops on a stake out, peering through closed blinds, waiting for the perp. What were they eating you ask? Chinese effin take out. So what do I do ? I go to yelp.. I find pong pong and boy did I order some stuff. The food was VERY hot after being delivered. Pong Pong beef, Pong Pong chicken was ordered... apparently their egg fried rice comes with it. I tried to order it, but the lady wouldn't let me. We shared a laugh. The beef was pretty good, but the chicken was spicy and amazing. I was thinking about giving 4 stars, because the egg fry ry wasn't so great... but It was included so I'm not out anything. return customer? heck ya... I love pong pong.
3	Pong Pong serves up your basic Americanized Chinese food.  Portions are decent, and each meal comes automatically with fried rice rather than white rice.  The hunan shrimp with vegetables I had was served in a generic brown sauce laced with sliced cooked jalapenos and spiked with red hot chiles.  The tofu and vegetables, also in a generic brown sauce, was decent, and came with the silken tofu rather than the deep fried kind.  Prices are a little high for what I was expecting, since I can get more authentic fare for the same price in other restaurants in the Tempe/Chandler area.
1	I literally just finished eating my food I had delivered, and I felt compelled to write a review.  I normally spend a good amount of time giving GOOD reviews, because I feel that the majority of people complain constantly.  However, if my gripes will help somebody save money by not ordering from here, then my work is done here.For starters, when I called for delivery, somebody answered and said "Hello" as it was their personal phone.  No business name, nothing.  This to me is highly unprofessional and I probably should have taken that warning and hung up the phone... but I didn't.I tried to get pork fried rice with my meal, and all he said was "no."  I had to ask multiple questions to find out if they had it, could subsitute it, heck, I even asked for them to charge me for it... and he kept saying "no."Delivery time was accurate... so that I can't complain about.  But I will say, I'm pretty sure they ran over my food before dropping it off.  My sauce that I ordered on the side was tipped over and on the verge of spilling.  I ordered food for my boyfriend as well, and his was overflowing with grease, and the grease lined the inside of the bag and made its way into my box of food as well - which I purposely had steamed to try to be a little more healthy.  My box was cracked, and pieces of chicken were starting to fall out into the plastic bag.I happened to order sesame chicken - my dish had NO veggies with it - and I've never NOT had veggies (or at least broccoli) with it before.  Crab puffs were horrible, basically fried wonton wrappers with no cream or crab on the inside.I'm NOT impressed with this place and will never order again.
4	First off, I must say that we ordered and it was in our stomachs 15 minutes later. I was very impressed.We ordered the szechuan chicken and shrimp lo mein. They were both really good, also the egg rolls were defiantly the best I have had in ages. Great service and great food; we are so happy to have a new Chinese take-out place.
1	Tried to get a menu faxed to my house. And they could not do so, and just hung up on me. Very poor customer service.  I've never been hung up on  by a restaurant before in my life. THEY SUCK!
1	If I could give no stars I would.  It was cheap and disgusting, I through it away because I wouldn't even feed that to a homeless person.  Great customer service tho and you never find that anymore. Too bad!!!
4	My first time here, its very good, I will be going back and trying some of there other items.
1	After reading the reviews on this place, I had high hopes that the food would be great. Can we say Chinese stew? We had the hot n sour and egg drop soup, and it was so thick it looked like stew. Both soups were especially mediocre and packed with ingredients that were either previously frozen or just cooked to death and void of any resemblance of their original state.  The crab puffs were large wonton wrappers with cream cheese.  The KungPow shrimp was a gluttonous glop of soaked veggies in a soup of sauce poured over beautiful shrimp that drowned. The teriyaki wood planks (I think I ordered chicken) were amply dry and chewy. I will try to dry them out a bit more for some chicken jerky for my next hiking trip. I will go find my special bottle of Alka Seltzer to round out this meal.
4	Ok, here is the deal with Pong Pong:1: They answer the phone "hello" because they are not telemarketers. They are a family owned business who cooks and sells Chinese food.2. The menu cannot be faxed to you, it's not 1995. There are however PDF's and pictures of the menu available online. 3. The crab puffs suck. Order something else.4. You are paying $6-12 for food. It is not going to be high end Chinese cuisine.5.The egg rolls are the best I have ever eaten. They are amazing.6.Delivery is always ontime, and my office is in the middle of nowhere, unmarked, and is often missed by other businesses.7.Lunch specials are almost free at $5.25-$5.75 each and the portion is very large.
1	Probably the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. The food didn't even taste like Chinese food. The service is atrocious as well, the guy behind the counter even called me a dick as I walked out. Never going back there!
2	Well, I first want to state that I have been eating at Pong Pong since about 2000.  I have referred many friends there and I've always liked either eating there or taking it to go.  Over the past year or so I have watched it steadily decline.  I would call and order the #12 lunch to go and run pick it up.  If the lady owner was there, I never have a problem with my order, but when she isn't, the cooks are in their own little world. Sometimes the order isn't right, sometimes if they are out of ingredients, they will substitute it for something else (crunchy noodles they would substitute with wonton noodles) I like wonton noodles, but not drowning in the sauce from the main entree. Anyway, I've noticed that the flavor of the food has changed too.  It seems to me that the quality has declined.  I'm sorry to see this place go down hill because I really really liked it.Now, today I went in to get something and again, the flavor was terrible, very watered down, and the wrong noodles were added.I also noticed that the place is really looking run down.  The ceiling is filthy, and water spots like where the roof has leaked.  The stuff that they have hanging on the wall for decoration is run down.  Just standing there looking around I don't know how this place stays in business anymore.  Just a sad day.
2	Delivery was fast and the food arrived hot. The driver was polite and friendly.We ordered Crab Puffs, Pot stickers, Spring Rolls, a Chicken Teriyaki Bowl, Shrimp and Broccoli, Chicken Chow Mien and Happy Family. Each meal came with fried rice.The Crab puffs were ok. They were crispy and the cheese seemed in good ratio to the skin. Spring Rolls - Much like the crab puffs, crispy, but otherwise unremarkable.The Pot stickers were terrible. Doughy with barely any filling. Huge, but what good is that if all you are eating is steamed dough?The Chicken Teriyaki Bowl was mostly gristle and cartilage from the end of chicken legs. The rice in this case was mushy.The Happy Family had plenty of nicely cooked veggies and shrimp. The sauce was very good and helped the undercooked rice soften. The other meats in the meal were shredded and barely noticeable.The other three entrees were ok with the worse part being the rice. They don't sell fried rice on its own which disappointed us at first, but  now I'm glad they don't.The amount of food was disappointing as well. The prices were similar to other places, and when we have ordered at those places, there is usually enough for lunch the next day.Not horrible, but I wouldn't go again.
5	Absolutely delicious food and friendly staff. I have never been disappointed. The place could use a little renovation but it is clean and the food is amazing for the price. Also important to note, The times and days it is open are wrong on yelp. For example, It is open on Sunday
5	Love this place.  Its not the best for atmosphere but its the best for food.  I came from the San Francisco Bay Area and can really appreciate Chinese food.  My favs here are the pot stickers, curry chicken which isnt on the menu but they will make it for you if you ask and Kung Pao anything.  Almost forgot the egg foo yung they make it just like they do in San Fran just awesome.  They use all white meat in all their chicken dishes which I love.  I dont even have to ask and they dont upcharge me to get it.
3	I've been a customer of Pong Pong for a long long time. (Sorry had to do it!)For quick Chinese food delivered hot to your door, they generally do well.  It's usually 30 minutes or less.  I would go 4 stars if I were writing this review a number of years ago, but they seem to have become more average over the past few years.  Tonight's order consisted of House fried rice, Mongolian beef (add broccoli) and Pot stickers.  The combo meals simply include a fried crab puff and egg roll.  Egg rolls are good as long as you don't get greasy ones.  Crab puffs are always good.  The pot stickers this evening were not very good, doughy, chewy and the filling was very bland.  Otherwise the Fried rice and Mongolian beef were quite good.All in all, they are one of the better delivery options around my neighborhood and I'll continue to patronize the place.  The people that own/run it are nice.  I suspect they may be a little challenged by the economy, which might explain why the quality has slipped over the past few years.
2	They refused to let me switch out fried rice for chow mein. The food was mediocre, chicken was dry and my friend got a crab puff that had absolutely nothing in it. The flavor was bland for everything too. The restaurant itself was really run down.
5	I have been a repeat customer for a few years now after a friend recommended. Absolutely love this place. The chicken lo mein is yummy, and their delivery is quick and the food arrives hot. Also, the prices are amazing for the large amount of food they give you. Never had any issue with the employees. A definite favorite of mine.
2	So I was a fan for many years, moved away, came back to area ordered and it was good.  Ordered again and wow it was not good for first time ever.  I called to let them know and I got the cook or so he said.  He said he worked there for 17+ years and nothing really changed but I said no mushrooms and they put canned mushrooms in which was not that big a deal cuz I just picked them all out but the chicken was completely overcooked and tough to chew.  The pot stickers were burnt but not slightly more like all over it had a weird brown color and then burnt on one side.  Tasted a little off too.  I thought they always made these by hand.  I think they still do but I dont know what the heck happened on this night.  Had egg foo young and that was dripping with oil.  The whole thing was a mess.  My husband and I both said if that were our first visit we would never be back.
2	What happened to you guys?  I used to love your food.  I tried something different this time just to see if that was bad too and guess what?  Yep it was not good.  Waited more than an hour for delivery which is no big deal just letting you know.  Got the pong pong special chicken it was overcooked and chewy but I was hungry so I ate it however I did not put the left overs in the fridge.  No I just threw it out right away cuz I knew where it was eventually going anyway.  Why prolong it right?  Got pot stickers like I usually do and this time they werent a weird color and totally burnt while tasting a little funny no, this time they were really thick with dough.  So thick the dough was hard on the ends cuz it hadnt cooked through all the way and inside was very bland meat which was devoid of spices.
2	Not sure when Pong Pong Tempe opened, but I have lived within walking distance of them since 1994. Been there so many times you would need a calculater to sum it up. However, in recent years I have seen a continuous decline. A few years ago they decreased the size of their to-go boxes while maintaining the same price. Okay, I dealt with it....They also used to offer a 20% off coupon. That went away, and again, I dealt with it.Then the staff has gone from professinal and family oriented to...I am just here for my paycheck. Tonight, I arrived to pick up a to-go order to find a cook sitting on the prep table texting (Yuck) and every other paid employee just hanging out with a don't care attitude. From someone who has spent hundreds of dollars here I have to say....To the Pong Pong owners: Maybe you know you are on your way out and thinking retirement since Rio Salado College bought the property.. If not, you need to crack the whip and get your restaurant and it's employees back into shape. And to the cook who thinks it's okay to put your butt on the prep table where our food is prepared and text...please think about what you are doing. That is where our plates go before being served. Years ago I would have givin Pong Pong 5 Stars. It was the go to place for take out.....Now for me, it will be the last choice. Sad :-(
5	Love this place for lunch!  Fastest delivery available with good food.  Love the sauces, more flavor than other places I have tried.  Egg rolls are great, crispy and fresh.  Prices high on soda, but thats about the only drawback I have.
5	I love this place !  Great food (they have awesome vegetarian options!), great service and timely delivery.  By far the best Chinese delivery food you can get in Tempe!
4	Hidden GEM. I don't remember how I found this place but I'm glad I did. It's a hidden gem. The food was way better than I expected and the service was great. I had about 45 minutes to burn before a business meeting and happened to pull into this parking lot. Went inside for something to drink and kill time when I decided to eat. Told them I was on a time constraint and they accommodated. I love Chinese food and I'm pretty picky in Arizona but this place was not a disappointment and the prices were fair.
