4	Adam and Mark are the owners, I met them at a pop up shop sale they were having a few months back and ever since they earned my business and friendship!You can really tell they care about the customers here they make sure you find what you like, get the best possible price, and know how to use and maintain your equipment. Me and and some friends ended up purchasing 3 pit bikes from them for an unbelievable price! We had a few maintenance issues with one of the bikes and Adam super cool dude came to our house picked up the bike fixed it and dropped it off just to make sure we were satisfied, now that's what I call customer service! They even taught our girlfriends how to ride the bikes making sure they knew what they were getting into so they wouldn't go home knowing nothing and end up hurting themselves, totally awesome and saved me the headache of explaining everything. I will definitely be coming back for all my needs and concerns, but not just that they are so cool I just stop by to say hey and hang out a bit! Thanks Adam and Mark for everything!
5	The guys at Universal 2 Wheel are great!  Took the time to explain all my scooter repair needs.  Amazing prices and the work was done in no time.  I will definitely be my "Scooter Guys!"
5	Came in here a few months back bought a few bikes, everyone here is super helpful and accommodating. They let you know everything you need to know, about their toys. They carry pit bikes, scooters to motorcycles. How they let someone test drive the bikes is a nice touch to the awesome store. I've been coming back every since the first time back in October  just because the experience. Thanks guys!
5	Seriously, I cannot stress how awesome this shop is. I didn't choose to go here because of how few reviews they had and I ended up getting screwed by one of the most popular scooter shops around. I went here and they treated me like family. After I left, I had a small issue and they picked it up and dropped it off at my work. They know scooters. They also have the most adorable shop dog! If you are having doubts about where to take your scooter, these guys are honest, hard working guys just trying to make your scooter reliable. Did I mention they're honest? You won't find a better shop in town.
