1	went here for an oil change because I had one of those free oil change stickers. guy comes out tells me I need a new cabin filter which he said was $30 free labor. i checked online afterwards and it is $10. Then he recommended to change the serpentine belt. His quote was $200.  I refused. Then after I left he recommended to clean out the catalytic converter. I just bought the serp belt at OReilly for $35 and my mechanic changed it in 5-10 minutes. Charged me $20 for labor. Don't go here. These grease monkeys will rip you off.
5	Went to this shop when my car wouldn't start after getting gas across the street. I walked over and asked for assistance, someone drove me back over there and jumped my car for me. After taking it back to the shop they inspected and found that my battery was dead. They gave me multiple options from where they could get me the parts (at different prices from their different parts dealers, I.e. used or new) which I appreciated. They were very kind and helpful.Came in a few days later to get my oil changed and they did it for free because of all the work I had gotten done there.Nice trustworthy people who did good work. Will definitly go back here next time I have any problems with my car!
1	Took my Toyota Rav 4 for a 60,000 mile service. They told me I needed new front struts and a transmission service for $1,100. I declined and went to the Toyota dealer on Sahara. I did not need EITHER. $230 at dealer for the service. Plus the cashier James Harrison was extremely rude. Rip off!!! Don't go!!!
1	I wish there were an option for ZERO stars because that is what this location deserves on all counts from customer service to product quality. I will try to keep it simple and to the point, but forgive me in advance for my rant. We came here initially because we have a credit line, and if you pay it off by a certain time, there is no APR. We didn't even go with the cheapest option of tire. Well my boyfriend didn't even drive 50 feet without having to return, because they didn't put my AIR FILTER BACK IN!! Now am I wrong here, but do you even need to touch my dam air filter to change the tires?!!? On top of that, the mexican labor guy in the back started laughing about it. Like "oh haha what a dumb move I made" Not cool. Then within a week we got a flat, and they charged me a $50 service fee to the credit card, after telling me it would be free. Oh wait, and AFTER making me drive around on a spare for a day, because I came in 10 minutes before they close and they refused to fix my tire. I have to note, we went to THIS location because the manager guaranteed us a cheaper quote and that he would personally take care of us. Well he didn't personally take care of shit. We also called the corporate office about the $50 fee. THEY REFUSED TO REMOVE IT! What a joke, and a rip off!
4	I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews. Took my pride possession car in. Well towed in because it was acting so weird and I wasn't familiar with what was going on. They called about 2 hours later explaining that my radiator was bad and few little things. Talked to my dad and we it all made since. Let the manager Charlie fix it and he said he's had lots of firebirds and that's what I have. Very trust worthy showed me the old parts and what was new. Would return when my car needs other work.
4	I usually do not care to take my vehicle to a commercialized shops due to the mark ups and constant add ons, ( you go there for one thing any they tell you everything else that needs fixing to jack up your bill) but when I have to for professional accurate analyses, I do not hesitate to take it to this venue. I don't understand why this particular location have any bad reviews, I guess you can't please everyone. I've been going to this location for 4 years now and I've experience nothing but great service with friendly understanding mechanics. I don't like the fact that they constantly change managers and front desk personals, but everyone there has been very friendly and professional.
1	I found myself across Boulder Highway from this place, with a flat. I checked Tire Works' website looking for tire prices and availability, there is a "request quote" button, but no way no how will you find any prices on the web site -- that should have clued me in right there. All their prices are How Much You Got.I arrived at the store on my rim. I went inside and this portly fellow immediately says to me, "Looks like you damaged the tire by driving on your rim."  After crossing six lanes of traffic on my rim the last thing in the world I needed was insults. Within seconds the guy blew what could have been an easy sale. At that point I wouldn't have bought a valve stem from him at gunpoint. Just for giggles I asked how much for a new tire. I mentioned I couldn't find tire prices on the web site, he said he had never visited the company web site. He then quoted me $152.80 for one tire!So I called AAA and was towed 3 miles up the street to Wal-Mart where I got an honest deal on a tire at 1/2 the price.
5	Twice of going to this tire works at each time I was impressed with the quality of service the fact that they were able to assist me and didn't even want to charge me for simple tire repair. I get to management and staff of this tire works kudos for being a great company and not trying to upsell they're not trying to oversell they didn't even want to take money for a simple job that I was willing to pay for.
4	Stopped in for an oil change for one car and brought back my other car for tires all in the same day. Under $25 for the oil change and it was done in 1/2 an hour. They recommended from and rear brakes and rotors and gave me a quote. I do my own brakes but appreciated their service.I priced some tires and was told they had the ones I chose at another shop and they would deliver them. I left my car  and came back several hours later. I found out that I was given an upgrade because that other shops inventory was incorrect. They honored the price and it came out that I pretty much got a buy two get two free deal. I would go back here again for tires and an oil change since it is close to my home.
1	Wow, what a change of  attitude after an initial purchase. After my tire purchase I noticed my tire pressure gauge was flashing and staying on. I checked my pressure and it was fine. My mechanic did my 45000 mile check up and said it was the sensors on the tires. I brought the car to  tire works and after some attitude they looked at it. They said the sensors were fine but need to be reset at the dealer. They do not have any way to reset them there. They do not tell you this before you purchase tires. I took the car to the dealership. The sensors were not fine, 2 of them were broken from the horrible job that tire works provided. Steer clear from this location!!
1	Zero stars....went for an oil change ( I have a prius) the guy didn't even know how to turn my car on. When they finished they didn't know how to turn the service light off so they told me to take it to the dealership.  I said why can't you call the dealership and ask how to turn it off. Horrible customer service! Then they weren't sure if synthetic for a prius was ever 5000 or 10000 miles I told them it was 10,000( I've had it changed at the dealership) they didn't say anything now after 5,000 miles my service light is on and I have to waste my time to go to the dealership to have it turned off. Don't waste your time or money going here. Findlay Toyota in Henderson is the best I will be returning there they have excellent customer service. ...you pay for what you get
5	I have had really good luck here. Bought 4 tires here that had to be shipped from another store. Two hours later, the driver still had not shown up. Numerous calls to him from the store and he kept telling them he was on his way. Instead of making me wait any longer, they upgraded me to a more expensive set of tires at the same price. They also thru in an oil change to boot. Last time i was in, they changed my oil matching a coupon that Big O tire down the street would not honor. I will be a repeat customer.
1	What is the big company ? People out there watching this company. They are talk nonsense. They sale for me a coupon $20 dollar for 3 time oil change good in 2 years.included roll tire .  when I come there the guy take me right away. When I show him the coupon he said : oh you have to make appointment , :-( but I have to pay $23 dollars more for something for the basic oil change. even I has a coupon I just pay $20 usd couple days befor.go some where els even I can pay $35 for oil change but they are not a lie . I like to let people know and don't go here . They are the deceive. No way I give 0 star
