5	I am in shock that I am the first person to write a review on this place! It is freakin amazing. Am I truly the first Yelper to discover this gem? I mean, come-on, this is Phoenix's own Art's Community Center. They offer art classes (music, photography, ceramics, pottery, glass, drawing, pastel, etc.) to both children and adults. So far this year, I have taken both a drawing/painting class and am currently in a piano class. The location could not be any more perfect.  It's right next to Burton Barr Library in those historic brick buildings on the park. The instructors are all professional artists with degrees in the arts + they are incredibly cool people.  I highly recommend this place for anyone looking to enrich their lives with the arts.
5	What I love most about the Phoenix center is the great atmosphere of creativity and community, a great mix of people learning a new art form and experienced artists who have been going there 20 years or more.  Friendly instructors and classmates willing to help you take your skills to the next level.  Definitely the kind of place to check out if you are interested in exploring new media as there are quite a few people crossing over to take classes in two or more disciplines at the same time.  A great place to connect with people who share the urge to create, with lots of linkages into the downtown Phoenix arts community and beyond.  There is also an interesting little theater onsite which is how I got here in the first place, looking for info on the Charles Phoenix performance that will be there the first Friday and sat of november 2009.  Guess you will have to go to www.Charlesphoenix.com for that info as it looks like it ain't here... Lively and campy fun reliving the best and the worst of 1950s and 60s Phoenix fashion, places, decor and family traditions as recorded by kodachrome family photo snapshots and present day colorful humor/social commentary by Charles Phoenix, a southern California legend!
5	Closing Gala Dinner at the museum! Amazing! Thank you TriNet!
2	Nice building, but really not a whole lot to do here.  Check out the golden panda sculpture out back.
