5	I'm a HUGE fan of this place and actually got to go to the grand opening of this store on Sept. 3rd and got there as a line was forming, just before 11am.I've also been to the other 3 locations, so I knew what to expect: fashionable dresses, tops, bottoms, shoes, purses, etc.  I'll be the first to admit that I'm fashionably challenged, so that when I went to the 3 other locations, I felt rather intimidated by the selections and possible combinations.  However, every time that I've gone, the sales associates have been all too helpful to make suggestions quite nicely and in a timely manner.  Applicable at this store?  Definitely.What I didn't expect was a rather long line to get into the store.  I almost felt like it was a bit of a Black Friday event.  So, as soon as they opened up the doors, I quickly made my way through the racks, so that I could try on the goodies as soon as possible.  They only had 2 dressing rooms open at the time, and actually had to convert the bathroom into a makeshift dressing room due to the high demand.  I got through the line quickly, only to uncover more outfits that I had missed out on my first round, and ended up waiting another hour or so to get into another fitting room.  My reward?  Tons of amazing outfits and a 20% off discount on my entire purchase, as well as a goodie bag.  Was it worth the far drive to Summerlin in the early morning?  Yes.  Am I going to come back?  Of course.  I'll make the rounds to each of the stores, but when I have the time.  I'm just glad that I get the discount texts.  Now, I fear for my credit card once I walk into any of the Patty's Closet stores :P
5	Wandered in while after Red Ribbon. This shop is so cool! Everything that caught my eye was under $30 so it's a perfect place to run for a last minute party dress. Good selection, friendly staff (they gave me a discount card on the way out). I will definitely be coming back!
5	cute cute cute cloths,  am a regular buyer  they  have original one of kind styles ,reasonable prices ., love the  cute dresses .clothing runs small don't go here if you are a plus size
5	Stopped into this particular location today for the first time. Now, I always stop into a Patty's Closet if I'm nearby because I know that they will always have new items to browse through. So I don't know why I hadn't asked before today, but I asked the lady if each store picks out their own merchandise to sell. She said that they do and the Patty's Closet family likes to think of each store as individual and representative of their owners.I like that. And it was good to know because I liked the style of the clothing at this particular location. I'm going to have to visit this particular location more often.
5	I heard about Patty's Closet through some poking around online.  I just recently moved to Las Vegas and was in search of a women's clothing store to look for some cute dresses for our engagement shoot .  I finally had the chance to check out the boutique on Sahara (The Teal Store) and fell in love with the clothing!  So, they order 6 of every piece: 2 smalls, 2 mediums, and 2 large and do not re-order once they're all sold.  The really nice sales associate told me that you won't find the same item in any of the other stores, except for a select few items.I wound up going to two of the other stores the next day (The Coral Store and The Green Store) to check them out as well.  I love love love their clothing!  You really won't find the same pieces in the other stores.  The stores are organized according to color, which makes shopping so much easier for me!  I wound up going back to the Teal Store and found an amazing floral dress to use for my e-session.  The ladies who work at these stores are very nice and attentive.  As soon as they see you carrying clothing around, they will take it off your hands and start a dressing room for you.  Also a bonus, each of the stores smell so good!  Be sure you get a postcard which takes 20% your highest priced item.  The items aren't even pricey to begin with.
5	"oh Lohd" this store ROCKS. The clothing selection is beautiful, and exactly what I am looking for. The prices are epic for what you get and the service is perfect. The owner is a beautiful Hawaiian woman who knows exactly what she is doing. Patty's closet is definitely my new go to when I need a new little something to spice up my wardrobe, and right next door are all the accessories a girl could ever need. Just moved to Summerlin, and this is precisely what I was hoping I would find. Unique pieces that you won't find at the mall, great prices and wonderful service. I almost don't want to share it as they only order 6 of each item and don't reorder. So if you see something fabulous in a sz M, hands off!!  =)
5	The staff is great, their system is genius (limited styles so you won't have a, "who whore it better?" moment) and prices can't be beat.I love the accessories and jewelry. You can't find these pieces for these prices anywhere else.Everytime I've been here the ladies working are so polite. Customer service at its finest.GO! NOW!
4	If H &M, Forever 21, or Gap failed you due to seeing someone else wearing the same outfit. This place is your new best friend.
