5	whenever people at work tell me they live in suprise, gilbert, goodyear, etc i look at them with a confused look, the same way i'd look at someone who told me they lived in the midwest. i've never been there, and probably never will unless i need to. and with restaurants like FEZ right on central, why should i ever leave DTPX?the food at FEZ is, as my wifepiece says, "yumvers". their burger with hummus, manchego cheese, and pesto sounds awful but is probably the best burger i've ever had. make sure you order a thing of the sweet potato fries w/cinnamon, they're a perfect app.if you go on tuesday you can get $5 vodka martini's, i ordered a plain one (no pomegranite appletini with a chocolate swirl for me, thanks) and got a surrious buzz by the time i finished it. ordering a 2nd one would be a very cheap way to get drunk, ten dollars usually buys you one drink at most places.the place is easy to miss if you're driving by, just pull into the kinko's parking lot. also, the gay waiters will make your straight female friends fall in love with them.
3	Eh, lukewarm feelings about this one.  I had lunch here and the service was exceedingly slow even though the restaurant was not at all busy.  The server looked at me like a martian when I asked a question about the salad.   It may have been an off-day...  The food was good.  Inventive salads... it didn't exceed my expectations, though.  Hip mid-century modern decor...  I'm not sure that I would go back on my own nickle.
4	I have to give this place at least 4 stars.  Yummiest Pommegranite Margs.  To die for I swear, and with the Happy Hour 2-for-1 special, they're really irresistable.  The ambiance is refreshing after a long day of  being in the nasty heat.  The service is like a sweet dream, and the crowd never fails to charm.
4	Fez is one of my favorite places in central Phoenix.  The vibe here is pseudo-industrial, hipster grill/lounge.  Prices here are reasonable, and although it strikes me as a more spacious, loungey attempt at Delux - I would stick to items other than burgers at Fez.   While the Tangier and Fez burgers are decent, they just don't compare to the other fancy burger bar.  The kisra and hummus are ok, but kind of a yawn.   The standout appetizer here is the chicken phyllo pakcet stuffed with a delicious mixture of chicken, feta, bell pepper and spinach baked in a flaky puff pastry.The pomegranate chicken is tasty, but my favorite dish here by far is the inventive strawberry blueberry cashew salad -it's just a terrific explosion of different flavors.  Fez has an incredibly extensive martini list!  Try to approach the restaurant from 3rd St. if you're skittish on the Central Ave construction.
5	5 stars for the HUMMUS.  Order it, if you like garlic.  Divine. Service, not always the best-- but if you order tha hummus, it won't matter.
3	If you can manage to weave and swerve your way through the Central Avenue construction gauntlet to Fez and you're a fan of hamburgers, then it just might be worth the drive.I've been to Fez many times and sampled several items off the menu. It's too bad the menu isn't a little more diverse though. Oh sure, there aren't many places you can order a hamburger served with pear slices on it, but after a few times I have adopted the "been there-done that" mentality. Fez offers a wide variety of martinis and other drinks. The price for drinks is mid-high depending on what you order, and the same goes for the rest of the items on the menu. My experience with the wait-staff has varied from "can I get you more soda?" to "oh, are you still here?" For the most part, everyone has been friendly and accommodating. The interior is somewhat dimly-lit  and there is always some decent music coming from the nearby speakers. It's a great place for a small gathering with a group of close friends on a weekend night. A tip if you are dining in a large party where everyone is paying for their own tab separately: bring cash to throw into the bill pool. They aren't able to offer separate checks and if too many cards are given, there is usually confusion (and mistakes) on how it is ultimately divided up. Just speaking from experience here.
3	A childhood friend of mine from the Denver area was visiting Phoenix, and I wanted to take her out to dinner to a place that wasn't stuffy, somewhat hip and modern, with an interesting menu. Then I thought of Fez. My other girlfriends have raved about the place, and I was going to take their word for it.It was a Tuesday night, the place was filled, but not packed, we quickly got a table and were gently reminded by the hostess that Tuesdays are when SKYY martinis are $5...you cannot even imagine how much my blood pressure went up when I heard these endearing words come out of the hostess' mouth! Wide-eyed, my friend and I quickly glanced at the martini/specialty drinks menu. I ordered the pomegranitini and she ordered the honeydew melon martini...To accompany our dinner staples (the martinis, of course), she ordered shrimp kisra, and I, the lamb kisra. Not knowing what a "kisra" was, our waitress explained that it was a flatbread with all these toppings on it...simple enough.The kisras came and they were basically pimped-out pizzas with more greenery than guys would like. My lamb was good...impressive, but not one of those: "Holy molasses, maw, this here flattened bread with them fixin's on it really hits me right on the spot..oooo-eee!" No, not one of those, but it was good enough for me to consider coming back and giving the other items in the menu a try. My friend quite enjoyed her shrimp kisra, and thought it was "darn good for a Mediterranean-American fusion kind of grub." No complaints. But by golly, we wanted more of whatever we were drinking! So we ordered another round.Just as we were about to take a sip of our second round of drinks, guess who walks in?!!! Gov. Janet Napolitano. I quickly informed my friend that the Governor is dining here this evening, and she, at that point a bit inebriated, was just flat-out impressed with my choice of restaurant...brownie points for the Phoenician! Of course, the rest of the evening I spent glancing over at the Governor's table trying to see if  she was taking advantage of the $5 SKYY martini special as well. I would've highly recommended the pomegranitini to her and her aide, and maybe the SKYY High (with dry vermouth) for her Secret Service-looking posse!After the third round of -tinis, my friend and I both agreed that FEZ is worth visiting again...especially for the drinks. It's not the kind of restaurant hard-core foodies would be impressed with, but definitely the kind of place where a group of friends can just hang out and relax after a hard day's work...or a place where one can give the Governor a piece of his/her mind over tart apple martinis. I think she'd like that...
4	Here's why Fez works for me.  I'm a "Let's try something new!" kind of a person and my girlfriend is a "Do they have cheeseburgers?" kind of gal.  Only a generality of course, but that's often the way it goes.  So, a place that has some fun food AND is known for having decent burgers gets major points in my household.  And their pomegranate martini's?  After all the reviews I figured I'd try one.  Oh my goodness.  I wanted to get a whole pitcher!  I kept picturing the happy faced Kool-Aid guy filled up with this yumminess saying "Oh yea....".   SO good!  I'm already psyched to go back to get one again.  The food is good.  She loved her All-American Burger and my thing, forget what they call it, but I like to think of it as Spinach Gyro Flatbread Pizza, was pretty good too.  I don't remember which appetizer we got (I blame the drink) but it was really good.  This is a SMALL location for all the buzz this place is getting.  On a Thursday we had a 20 minute wait, and the couple in front of us waited about 25.  It's a different kind of a place for Downtown Phoenix, which is great.  It's not quite all that and a bag of chips, but it's all that.
4	One of the things that amazes me about Phoenix is, for a city of its size, it can be incredibly difficult to find a decent, interesting place to have a nice sit-down dinner after 10 PM, even on a Saturday.  On a recent visit I was ready to pull into the IHOP to satisfy my late evening hunger when one of my local friends recommended Fez, since they are open until midnight.  Their cuisine was described to me as Mediterranean, though I've had enough authentic Mediterranean food in Chicago to know that a better description for Fez's food would be "Mediterranean-style". I was almost put off by the club-like ultra-hipness of the place, but after sampling the food I was glad I stayed, the lamb kisra was one of the most flavorful dishes that I've had the pleasure to have tried in the Phoenix area.  I am so glad I stopped here rather than resorting to pancakes for dinner.I've also heard that Fez's drinks are pretty good, though I was there for the food, not the liquor.
3	Maybe I was expecting more from the apricot salmon dish...It took a while to be seated though there seemed to be plenty of empty tables around. They have a fun drink menu, and great cinnamon sweet potato fries. Nice atmosphere, but a little lacking. reservations are for groups of 6 or more. Oh and on the drive in we passed a couple of hookers.
5	When this place was still pretty new, my friends and I slammed them with a few 15-20 person parties. They were happy to serve and even split up checks without groaning. So, they get five stars for that alone. Topping it off are their cheap sweet potato fries. It's a nice option for friends that can't afford to drop a lot, but you still want to include at a cool location.
4	We chose FEZ for Sunday brunch and we were very pleased.  The light rail hullabaloo makes it kinda tricky to find but if you pay attention you won't have a problem.  The decor has a very sleek modern feel to it which worked well.The mimosas were very good, the champagne was not too sweet.  My husband was disappointed with his Bloody Mary though - it was rather bland (no spice, no Worcestershire) but it was filled with gigantic peppercorns he kept biting into.  We both ordered the breakfast kisra (which is unusual for us) but we were very intrigued.  The kisra is basically like a personal pizza but with flatbread.  Both of ours were huge and topped with an enormous amount of yummy breakfast items - egg, cheese, ham, and bacon.  Highly recommended.  The French toast on the other tables looked really good as well and we could smell the cinnamon.  A few patrons had ordered off the regular menu and their meals looked equally as delicious.Even though the food was great, the waiter was kind of a flake.  He didn't once check on us throughout our meal, we had to flag him down every time we needed something.  There was one point when he checked on the three adjacent tables to us and kept his back to us the entire time (despite my obviously empty champagne glass).  I will definitely be returning with my husband to try out lunch or dinner.Update:I've been back to Fez a few times now and I'm never disappointed.  The hummus is to die for, the apps and regular kisras are fantastic and I finally got to have the french toast for brunch which was as incredible as it smelled.
4	Absolutely love this place! The food was incredible yet creative. The fries were to die for. The staff was friendly and service orientated. I would recommend it to anyone...and did today to two people in my office. Love It!
4	Fez is consistent, which is always an important factor for me. I've been here probably 20 times, with many different groups and varying degrees of inebriation (Sunday brunch drunk with the gays is the best, obv.) and the food is always fresh and delicious. It's extremely gay-centric, so I would completely advise against bringing your token Bush-loving Republican friend (old and busted: token minority friend. new hotness: token republican friend). The uhnts-uhnts-uhnts-uhnts-uhnts electro music can be awful, but enough cocktails take care of it right quick, especially here, because the bartenders are NOT shy with the booze.Only downsides are the orange juice (out of a gun... gross) and the manager who absolutely will not make eye contact with you unless you are male, or a very convincing facsimile.
4	This place is pretty quality: both for happy hour and for dinning.  The location is not that great, it kind of shares a parking with a FedEx/Kinkos, in a not very energetic part of Phoenix.  But FEZ offers good drinks and good food all set in a very modern, hip decor.The food at FEZ is somewhat fusion between American and Middle Eastern/Greek.  They have a great hummus/flat bread plate as well as an excellent selection of creative salads.  Try the signature fez salad with a mix of greens and fruit!  Fez also has some gourmet sandwiches with un-ordinary toppings and dressing.  Finally if you like pizza with a twist, try their kisras or gourmet topped flatbreads.  Very delectable.
4	Who says there aren't any see-and-be-seen places in Phoenix? Fez is trendy, chic and offers a delicious menu.  The burgers are hearty and packed with flavor and the martinis are mouthwatering. Be sure to try  the Pomegranitini. The only downside is that with the lightrail construction, it can be somewhat of an obstacle course to get into this place so be sure to check fezoncentral.com for directions.
3	The food was unique, the interior swank.  It shares a parking lot with FedEx Kinkos, which. . .well.I highly recommend the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries - they were excellent, with a really yummy dipping sauce which helped them from being too desserty-sweet.  I had one of the flat bread/pizza-ish thingies, the Fez.  It was okay, something different.My cousin and her hubby raved about the blue cheese burger, so you might wanna check it out.Our server was cordial, but indifferent.  The fella that sat us borderlined on contemptuous.  He was not my favorite.I have a group headed over for a dinner tonight, we'll see how I feel about Fez after I get a report back!
1	My girlfriend and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. We were led to a table outside and told our waiter would be with us in a few minutes. We proceeded to sit there for over 20 minutes while no one came to our table .Numerous people were sat around us outside and the host came outside multiple times and seemed to just stare at us. We proceeded to leave .On our way out, the host had the nerve to just look at me and say "Thanks for coming in" with more than just a hint of attitude. The service at this place sucks and the hipper than thou attitude is a joke. Stay away.
3	1/28/08 UPDATE:My friend was in town for business. Lucky her was staying right off Central just a hop, skip and jump away from Fez. I figured it was the perfect time for me to re-try this place, while I introduced her one of the trendy places in CenPho. She loved the decor. I told her about Ticoz, the establishment I prefer over Fez, although I did note that they tend to have good food and wine here. Their martinis, on the other hand, I could do without. You see, I was talked into getting the mojo martini - supposedly similar to a mojito. I couldn't even finish it because it was so sweet. Plus, it was 9.50$. Such a waste. I had wanted to stick to my regular order of beer, but nothing appealed to me, not even the Kona Ale. To top it off, they didn't have any Sam Adams. Shame. That's a classic fall-back beer to pick. Because I'm gluttonous, I ordered the sweet potato fries. They weren't what I was expecting. So thin, even mushy at times. Plus, the dipping sauce that accompanied the fries didn't seem to fit. It was more of a semi-mustard/mayo dip that wasn't sweet. It gave the sweet fries more of a tang finish. Oh well. Atleast I can say I tried this place again and feel completely confident in my 3-star rating. * * * Went once. Awhile ago, yet I can still remember my experience. Guess that tells you something. Or, rather, it tells me something... which is why I feel inclined to pass it along. You see, it wasn't the most comfortable of situations. A bday dinner last September with people I didn't know. Granted, I knew the bday gal, so that's all that really matters... right? I think so, too. In any case, I did alot of listening and checking out the place. I like the decor. Very trendy, though, and the music inside can get deafening. We sat on the patio facing Central. It was a great night to be outside. I ordered a salad that came topped with fresh strawberries and goat cheese. It was alright. I felt like I had to mow the lawn to get to the good stuff, though - like savory slices of lamb! I paired this with a glass of pinot noir - yum! Maybe it's because I was in a group, but the service was good. It wasn't great, but it wasn't as bad as some of the other reviews I've read. I can see how it would be bad, though. There is an air of impatience and "I don't really care about you" that wafts from their staff. I wonder if that's a pre-req to working there? I mean, I think of the new sibling restaurant, Ticoz, and see the complete opposite there. Waiters and the bar staff at Ticoz are cool cats. Not an air of arrogance there. So, what's up with Fez? Do they think they're special because they're nestled next to a sickeningly bright Kinkos? The only way I'd go back is for another awkwardly silent bday party. I mean, doesn't everybody want to be surrounded by strangers while they slowly sip their wine and scrutinize the food, the people and the restaurant? I hear that's what culinary experiences are all about.
3	Well, the Fez is physically a lovely place.  The food is also good but not terribly creative.  My problems with the Fez are the wait staff and the food choices.  The staff is not very consistent. If you get the waitress with long blond and black hair, you will have an excellent experience.  She is perky, on time, and gives excellent service.  If you get the bartender as your waitress or some of the boys who think they are too cute to be waiting tables...well, then you will be waiting.....for a long time.Also, there are not a lot of food choices. You get a burger, salad, entree, or a make shift pizza.  The drinks are pretty good - but again, how long do you really want to wait for a drink?Maybe I will go back...not sure.
5	When I lived in Phoenix, I was a regular at Fez. My friends and I probably averaged twice a week, and there were likely weeks when we were there more. The atmosphere is really wonderful, a rarity in Phoenix. The food is very consistent and almost everything on the menu is unique and flavorful. I must agree with some of the other reviews, that the waitstaff is very hit-or-miss. I've had wonderful service and terrible service, and there are times when I've had to go and ask the bartender to send someone over to our table to take our order... as regulars, in particular, I wouldn't think that this would be something we would have to deal with. That being said, there was one time when they were understaffed and the manager was very apologetic and even sent us a bunch of appetizers free of charge as an apology... so I haven't personally experienced the attitude that others report. I miss Fez... now I live in San Diego. When I go to visit, it's always on the itinerary, every time, usually as soon as I land.
4	FEZ is one of a few of the latest hot spots in the downtown Phoenix area.  Great music and a great feel.  Brought to you by the same owner's as the old Ibiza in Scottsdale, Ticoz and the latest, Switch. Owner/Chef Tom Jetland seems to have a knack for changing it up a bit with each new restaurant he creates.  They all are totally different, yet seem to be very successful.  The menu is a bit different, yet everything is very delicious.  Our large group all really enjoyed everything about it...except the service was a bit slow.  The atmosphere is really a lot of fun, bringing out the free spirit in all around us.  One note?  BEWARE of the Hummus!  I have ALWAYS been one to shout, "Yummus for Hummus!!", and I would run around with a poster board stating, "Vote for the Hummus"... BUT... A) be sure that every single one of your party eats it because it is the most garlicky garlicked up hummus I have ever had and B) be sure your plans are to go home afterwards or you will clear a bar or club where ever you go... although it is to DIE for!!
5	Update... Now I condider myself a regular and I have to say I love Fez.  My boyfriend and I always have a excellent time at Fez.  Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere and of course a super great GM:).  Last night we ventured away from our regular choices and tried everything new... we had the Tangier burger a pistachio cesear salad and a basket of garlic and rosemary fries.  Everything was so good it really hit the spot!    I read all the reviews about Fez and it is really close to my house so I had to try it.  We got a late start on Friday which was one of the main reasons I picked this place because I read from previous reviews that it was open late.   And what a wonderful decision I made:).  I did get the waitress that J M. mentioned with the long blond and black hair so I felt comfortable asking her for suggestions on what was good on the menu and I took them all.  We got the garlicky hummus and shared the blue cheese burger with a side of cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries.  It was all so very tasty!  As for drinks we each got a  pomegranate margarita which was very good... the only thing I noticed was that they use the monin syrups to flavor the drinks instead of using real macerated fruit.  But they were still very good and not too sweet.  They also have good beers on tap such as Stella Artois which made Michael happy:).
5	It's hard to believe that it took me this long to get to Fez... better late than never though!I felt a very cool energy when I entered for the first time.  Thomas was welcoming of course, but service was friendly, and the music and lighting were just right for a rainy day like today...I went for a late lunch, and I was craving a salad of some sort.  I took the advice of both Thomas and Stevey P., and I went for the strawberry blueberry cashew salad -it hit the spot!  I had it with grilled chicken, and although I went with just a 1/2 order, it was the perfect size for lunch... The combination of greens with cashews, cheese, and berries was delightful, and the champagne honey vinaigrette added the perfect amount of additional flavor and zing to each bite.The menu had a ton of other items that looked delicious as well.  I'll have to go back soon to try the soups, the Fez fries, and the signature dishes - not to mention the garlicky hummus that all of the previous yelpers reviewed.It may have taken me this long to pay Fez my first visit, but it will not be the last!  I'll be back to see you very soon, Thomas!EDIT:  I was back today, March 21, 2008 - I had the sweet potato fries this time and YUM!  Sprinkled with just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar and cooked just right, they are delicious!  They are going to the top of my 'favorite places to have sweet potato fries' list for sure!
5	oh contraire stevey p.FEZ burgers are out of this world!!chibatta breadorganic mixed greens grilled to perfection.i strongly recommend the bleu cheese burger. yummunlike most places, fez burgers come with a salad,not greasy french fries.but their garlic fries are to die for.WARNING: breath from garlic fries may kill small animals and childrenmartinis are ohh so good.i've never had to wait for service here.staff is friendly.i love you fez.
4	Have you had the kisras or the sweet potato/garlic fries at FEZ? If not...GO GET SOME RIGHT NOW. They are heavenly. Also, if you are in the mood for great mixed drinks, a trendy modern atmosphere and cute sexy boys everywhere this is the place for you. If you are a chick the boys might not be looking back at you, but hey - nothing wrong with a little eye candy.Fez actually makes me excited about the dreaded light rail. The train will go straight from my doorstep to Fez.
3	I lovey-love-love the vibe and dcor here. I also heart the martinis. I haven't tried the 'specialty' ones, though the choice IS extensive, but a little sugary for my taste - I stick with the traditional vodka, dirty, and it was large and packed a punch: just the way I like it.I, like Stevey, found myself comparing it to deluxe each time I came...I suppose because of their emphasis on burgers (though they have much more variety than deluxe) and ambiance. Oh, and because they also offer sweet potato French fries, which I've only ever seen here and at the D. By way of that, for what it's worth, D kills fez - better burgers and waaaay better fries!But that's not really fair to compare, is it? let's see, kisra flatbread and hummus? Freakin delicious. Blue cheese burger? Pretty good, not blown away. Strawberry/blueberry cashew salad? daaaang! Sweet potato fries? Well, not that impressed. And two out of the three times I ordered them (I have memory loss when I really want to like something but it just keeps letting me down - just look at my last couple of boyfriends as evidence of this fact) they came out cold. My friend liked the kisra that came with the hummus so much that he ordered off the Kisra menu, thinking it would come out like a folded sandwich. He ordered the lamb and it came out open-faced and gooey, like a flatbread pizza. He thought he just wasn't paying attention, but looking back on the menu, that is not very clear. Anyway, he wasn't that impressed with it, aside from the confusion.I work virtually across the street, so when it comes to HH or a place to have a drink before going to the Phx Art Museum on free Tuesdays, I'm all for it. but I won't drive from home (tempe) for it the way I will for deluxe, Roosevelt, durant's, shady's, etc. reading over everyone else's reviews, i DO recall that the first time I came in I was really bummed by the treatment of the host/waitstaff - a lot of attitude. That kept me away for a couple of months. But I came back for a second chnace and am glad i did - i haven't had an issue since, and in fact, the servers have been very cool.Oh, and this is merely a side note, but the music was really weird the last time I came in. It went from like jungle rave music to Taking back Sunday to popular indie stuff like Shins.
1	Completely pathetic restaurant. I was with Derrick when I went, so reference his story. I would never come here again. I wish places like this were banned from being in downtown.
4	OMG!  I think I just had one of the best burgers of my life here last night.The best way I can describe the interior is that it's full-on Metrosexual.  My friend completely nailed it when she said "I wish I had the design sense to make soo much out of IKEA" ... I couldn't agree more.  Just amazingly design.And thanks in part to Thomas, we couldn't have asked for better service.  YOU know Thomas as one of the most prolific and consistently hilarious Yelpers.  I've come to know him as a really nice unpretentious, and all around terrific guy.  He adds soo much to this site (and no doubt to FEZ) that I truly feel honored to have met this guy.Go here and thank Thomas later ... you wont be disappointed.
5	My husband and I adore Fez - it is by far our favorite date place.  It's funky but not too loud and the service is always wonderful.  The servers have a good sense of when to check in on you but give you enough space to enjoy the evening.  The food is spectacular - the Fez burger, sweet potato fries, blueberry and strawberry salad and the salmon are all fav's of mine.  My husband gets the lamb every time.  We also love the kizras and the bruschetta is a must have.  The price is just right and it's fun for groups (I have gone there for a girl's night as well and we had a blast!).
5	We visited this restaurant late on a Sunday night, which may have taken away from some of the excitement of this trendy upscale restaurant, even still we both really enjoyed our food.I had the opportunity to try the tangier burger, which was just perfect. The meat would melt in your mouth as you bit into the burger, and the combination of herb pesto, dried tomatoes and cheese was absolutely fantastic.We also tried the italo kisra, which was described to us as, "it's like pizza." - We frowned at that description at first thinking, "gee, thanks for the help buddy!" However when the food arrived we quickly discovered that there was probably no better way to describe this pizza like food.The one thing that I disliked about this trip was the pomegranate margarita. I felt that the drink was poorly executed, and at $6.50 a pop it certainly wasn't worth the money. A drink doesn't make the meal usually for me, so this wasn't a big enough deal to give a lower rating.Give this place a try, I think you'll be impressed.
5	This was a great end to a dreary rainy gloomy draining no good very bad day! A bottle (or two or five) of wine shared among friends, great food for us to nosh, and Thomas the quintessential host to keep the good times rolling.And chilled Patron with fresh fruit? Why we must have left too early!
5	A fantastic time.....but to be honest I didn't expect anything less!  Everything was great from the moment I stepped in the door and into Thomas's arms. ;)   The concept is great and I'm definitely looking forward to the next FEZ Foodies event.  There is no better way to end your weekend then with good food and wine with friends!Oh, and Erica, you got there too late for the Patron drinks...thats what we warmed up with!
5	Went there on Sunday with a bunch of people and LIKED it. Drinks are questionable. My own Honeydew Watermelon something drink was OK but not awesome. Also, one girl said Pom Margarita was too sugary and not really pomegranty at all. Then we switched to wine, which was 1/2 price, and that was good. Now food was pretty damn good! I had FEZ Burger, and it was one of the best burgers i ever had! Sweet fries were good too, as were some spicy fries. I tried a few other things from other people as well and it was pretty good, but my burger was the best of them all.Also, service was top notch  and there was nothing to bitch about there. Place is clean and very urban. Bathroom is nice and clean as well. There was some background music too, but we were way too loud to hear it. Here is what totally amazed me and made me give this place allt he stars. As were standing outside, catching a breath from all the eating, drinking and yelling, FEZ's security guard comes by with umbrella (Its pouring out) and asks it we need his spare umbrella to walk to our car! He offers us umbrella! Without us asking! Without us trying to hunt anyone down! AMAZING! "I like""Very nice"Eugene
5	My head hurts.Yes to the wine and yes to the Patron mixture!  Damn it!  Thomas, I do need those cards to fill out!  What the HELL, I think I was "over served"!  Next time!Yelpers really are a great bunch of peeps!  And Gabi really needs to loan out her big roll of toilet paper (I'm soooo bad at names)*I re-confirmed that I'm a music snob and this post also reconfirms my seething dislike for the lack of pictures posted with anything on Yelp!  And I've noticed that Thomas is a repeat offender of this!  Like you of all people don't have a Fez .jpeg logo laying around?  I think I'm pissy when I"m hung over!  :(
5	If I can ever be as good a hostess as Thomas is, I'll be happy (and have dinner parties every week).I already love FEZ, so there was never a question that it would be a great night.  I'm sorry to say I didn't try anything new, because the lure of my old favorites was too strong.  Well I take it back, I'd never had that wine (Hob Nob?) before, and it was delicious.thanks Thomas, and I can't wait for the next one.
5	All I can say is WOW.First impression was the music.  Thank you for the volume level.  Loud enough to enjoy, not loud enough to overwhelm our conversation.  To many places these days that play something other than elevator music crank it up so loud you need earplugs to eat in peace.  The decor and style of the place was great.  I wish my house looked like this.  haha.The staff was very friendly.  Everyone was smiling all the time, and we were taken care of very quickly.I had a Bleu Cheese Balsamic burger.  It was amazing.  The pleasing zing of the balsamic glaze and melting bleu hit my nose before the burger even had a chance to wow me with its taste.  The salad was a nice compliment to the burger.  Fresh baby leaf spinach salad is my favorite, and the greens were fresh and crisp.  I love making bleu cheese burgers.  I grill them all the time at home.  Fez has this one down.  The taste just simply could not be beat.My girlfriend had the Fez kisra.  She selected it randomly from the menu.  She commented that it was more food than she was expecting, and it was quite delicious.  We actually boxed this up and finished it later.I didn't try the drinks, because I don't drink, but there are several items on the drink menu that were tempting me to try them out.Maybe next time.  I can't wait.
4	I went to Fez when my father was in town a few weeks ago. When I pulled up, I was kinda confused by the exterior seeing as its right next door to a brightly lit Kinkos but, lets face it, what isn't?We went inside and were promptly seated. It was around 8ish when we arrived and there was a great mix of people. It wasn't too crowded but it wasn't empty either. Our waiter, who was super adorable, totally kept hitting on my dad. My father ordered a pomegranate marg and I had a mojito. Both were ab delish! We also got the sweet potato fries (the cinnamon ones) and I almost fell outta my seat, they were KICKIN!Our main courses came out, I had a salad and my dad had some pomegranate chicken dish. He was kinda goin outta control with the pomegranate. Our waiter proceeded to hit on my dad, who was being a real sport about it and totally flirting back. Wow, awkward. We had a great time there. The staff was great even though our waiter was definitely trying to take my dad home. The place is perfect for a late night dinner or drinks with friends. I think it would be a great place to take a date for a nightcap after, well, your date.
3	I've been here once, for lunch.  The atmosphere is awesome.  They even have couches.  I ordered a Spinach salad and loved it as well, although I love just about any Spinach salad.  I noticed the menu was quite diverse.
3	This place drips early-2000's-one-word-eponym-not-quite-ultra-loungey-but-wear-your-Vivienne-Westwood-anything-while-channeling-your-ironic-Malcolm-McLaren-umbra that one would see somewhere in a place like Brentwood.I want to like it more, and how I've tried, after several tens of visits, including brunch, lunch, happy hour, prebars, permabar, and last call.It nudges 4 stars, but I just never feel at ease here.  I'm pretty sure its the heavy-handed 2003 theme, the chrome furniture, the beginners attempt at infused vodka, and the apologetically casual service.  Its Skybar without the attitude, and no one goes to Skybar anymore.  I want the Chateau.  The drinks are fine, and 2-4-1 happy hour is genuinely class.  The staff is put together very well and generally handsome, which is all anyone here really asks for anyway.  Their menu has deft appeal and the patio is spacious.Its just, well, Fez needs a 2008 update and until then, its strictly happy hour and some foot tappin to 'God is a DJ'.
3	First, can someone tell me how FEZ stands for Food Drink & Music?  I guess Mr. FEZ did not win the local spelling Bee.  Yeck ma! This place has a nice decor and decent vibe, but even though I was sitting in the mostly empty bar area, the service was sketchy.  Maybe it was the night, or maybe it was my attire (shorts and baseball cap after the NCAA games), I definitively got that, "You're ain't from around these parts are you boy" service.  Had the service been better, I would have ordered a second Wild Pear Martini, which was yummy.  I have to admit, I was savoring the martini nearly as much as the Bruin win on this particular night.For eatz, at the suggestion of the waitress, I ordered the Shrimp Kisias. Kisias is kind of a softer rosemary breaded pizza thing.  It was decent, but I admit, I probably would not order it again.I am giving FEZ a solid out-of-town showing, with the plus being it was close to my Hotel.
4	I like this place.  Haven't been in a while.. I should change that.  They have great burgers and excellent pomegranate martinis!
1	Saturday night, reservations for 15 at 8:30. We arrived at 8:35 (damn Central construction) to find that our reservations were already gone. After some "discussion" with the staff, I got them to give us a table for 10 and a couple of extra cushions. Not too great of a start, but I tried to keep an open mind.The food: kinda disappointing. We ordered the hummus/pita, the garlic rosemary fries, and the sweet potatoe fries for apps. The hummus wasn't too bad, but I wouldn't say it was any better than the stuff you get at any grocery store. They gave us a huge heaping helping of it, but only 7 pita triangles. Then they charged us a ridiculous amount for 7 more. The garlic fries were, to say the least, GARLICY! I love garlic, but this was a little too much! The sweet potato fries were good, but the sauce that came along with them was basically frosting in a cup (not my thing, but other people liked it). After that, I gave up on the food and tried to focus on the important things, like the drinks.The drinks were pretty good, but expensive. A manhattan ended up costing $13.50 and a martini was at least $9.50. I ordered the pear martini, which sounded good in the description... not my cup of tea! They had dried pear in the bottom of the glass which ended up looking like (and I apologize for being gross) the intestine of a mouse. The drink was super sugary and nothing I'd order again.But i must say: It was nicely decorated, the service was okay, and had ample parking. But I don't think it will be a place I will frequent, only if my friends make me again.
4	I just had such a good lunch.... mmmmmm   I had Eggs Benedict, Fez style.  Their version has french bread, ham, poached egg, hollandaise and sun dried tomatoes.  They serve a salad on the side and I substituted their sweet potato fries instead of fried red potatoes that usually come with. It was excellent.   I couldn't have had a better first visit to Fez.Fez during the day is bright, airy and beautiful.  The bar is comfortable, and the tables looked good too.  I look forward to being there in the evening.... and after the construction is done. For now, while the road is still a construction zone, don't let the black and yellow signs scare you away.  It isn't that hard to access, and the food and atmosphere are worth it.
5	Stopped by for a late dinner last night and had the burger.  It was outstanding!  The atmosphere is Hip and the service is great!  FEZ also participated in Dining out for Life and they donated 100% of the proceeds to Body Positive.  This makes it even better!
5	Oh Fez, it was love at first sight!Okay, okay.  I know I'm a little late in the game just getting to Fez for the first time, but better late than never!My man and another couple dined there last week for Dining Out for Life.  We had a fantastic evening and dinner.  Our friends started out with some cocktails and a chicken phyllo app since they arrived early.  We joined them and started out with some drinks as well.  Our server Bryan was great and made our experience enjoyable.My dining companions ordered the lemon caper tilapia (very good), all-American burger, and Fez salad (I didn't try it, but it looked very good).  I had narrowed down my selection to two selections and was persuaded to order the lamb kisra at Bryan's suggestion.  I am so glad he suggested it because it was incredible!  Upon returning I will be torn on whether to order that deliciousness again or to try more great eats they have to offer.  We also ordered an order each of the garlic and rosemary fries and the harissa fries.  Yum!  Tasty and spicy!My favorite part of the night is when my guy asks for a side of ranch for the fries.  Bryan responds that they have a roasted red pepper aioli, but they don't really have *ranch*.  It was great the way he said it and then he joked with us how we could walk to the Walgreen's to get some and come back.  All in good fun.  I guess my guy learned that not every place is ranch friendly and roasted red pepper aioli is pretty damn good.  He'll definitely know what to ask for next time.We ended with some chocolate cake, apple tart, and coffee.  They were all very good.  It was nice that we were not rushed, but rather encouraged to stay as long as we wanted and to take our time.  It was nice especially given the fact of how busy they were.  The only downer was that Bryan split our check in half which would normally be fine, but this time our friends had an appetizer and about 4 $10 drinks more than us.  But, hey, what are ya gonna do?  It was all for a great cause anyway.I will definitely be back here many, many times and I'm already excited for my next visit, whenever it may be. =)  I'm going to check out Fez Foodies for sure as well.  Oh yeah, the brunch menu looks dynamite, so I might as well check that out too!Thanks Fez!
5	My ODE to Fez---------------------Urban, Sleek Infused with GreekEyes dance in your ambianceMind begins to critiqueTaste-buds spark At sight of your fareAmidst  aromatic cloudsI await my shareFirst taste is LoveAmbrosial delight5 stars are acedFez Shines Bright-------------------------Tomato Lentil Soup and Rosemary Chicken Sandwich (see pics)FEZ-ilicious!
4	I love Fez. They consistently prepare great dishes; I have been there about 20 times and never once had a bad meal. The wait staff is very friendly and they do a great job of remembering what you ordered last time you came in. A few of my favorites, the super garlicky hummus with crisp pitas, the all american Fez burger, the spicy harrissa fries mmmm yum. Last time I got to enjoy these with my dog on the patio, yes they are dog friendly which rocks.They also do a delicious brunch. The Fez frittata is great, as is their French toast, try going on a Sunday and it is half price bottles of champagne! Mimosa anyone?
5	Dear Mr. Fez,Please offer your restaurant skills to other establishments in the Valley, they desperately need your help.  Perhaps you could write a book on how to make your food, service, and restaurant atmosphere not suck.  I'm sure you'd have to include many pictures and only use small words because most other restaurateurs are feeble minded.This world is not fair. There is only one FEZ but 10,000 crappy chain restaurants, all of which suck.Please keep doing what you do and hopefully it will rub off on a few other places in Arizona.Thank you,Satisfied Costumer.
5	I am a bad, bad person.  I discovered FEZ very shortly after moving here 3 years ago, and have never reviewed it.  But I promise you, I have made up for this  by recommending it to everyone I know.  Whenever anyone asks where's good to go, FEZ is my answer.Everything here is spot on.  My personal favorite is the Casablanca chicken sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries, but I adore the kibis, the rosemary fries, the burger, the salads, the soup, some lettuce wrap something that Thomas served us, the kisris, and the martinis, oh lord save me from the martinis.Sadly, I have not stopped by for brunch, nor have I ever had any dessert.  But seeing as how there has not been one single thing that I've tried there that I didn't absolutely love, I'm sure they're wonderful, and I'll correct this injustice next time I go.The ambience and decor are wonderful, service is good, prices are good.  FEZ has been my go-to spot since the first time I went, and I doubt that will ever change.  It's great for a nice date, it's perfect for a gaggle of girlfriends, and as I recently found out with Dave, it's even lovely for a lazy late lunch on a Sunday when you can't bring yourself to get dressed up.Yay FEZ!!
5	So, knowing I will be going here tonight, I look for my FEZ review.  Apparently, I never wrote one!  So, here goes:I used to work next door to FEZ up until the end of 2007.  I've been several times and I have never been disappointed with my food.What do I *really* come here for?  The sweet potato fries!  I've had the pear salad and even had brunch once with the Eggs Benedict.  DIVINE!  Of course, instead of the usual potato side, I got the sweet potato fries.  They come with a side of a sauce that is a little sweet, so I use it sparingly.  What else do I love about FEZ?  The hip decor and the crowd.  THIS is the crowd that I am hoping takes over the PHX.  Maybe the light rail will help!  Everyone is friendly and, well, I am a bit partial, but Thomas is the best GM ever!Don't forget the eye candy!  Yeah, most of the guys I bump into here are gay, but they're still pretty!I can't wait to go again tonight!
5	This is one very cool restaurant, and what a great location right on Central. The bar area is large enough to support a busy happy hour, and potentially a late night crowd.FEZ has great decor, wonderful appetizers and perfectly poured drinks. I managed to get down here for my first Yelp event last night and was equally impressed by the venue and the event. It was a great turn out and FEZ handled it smoothly with at least two servers dedicated to our group throughout the night. I highly recommend this place for small groups.I will return soon to have a proper dinner.
5	After reading the great reviews and getting plenty of recommendations to try Fez, I had the awesome opportunity to test it out last night at my first Yelp event and I am in love!  From the bright decor to the delicious food to the amazing service (I mean everyone who works there actually looks like they enjoy their job and are having a good time!) this place is 5 star.  I love the cozy lounge feel and could easily see myself enjoying several hours of delicious cocktails and conversation with friends.  This would be a great spot for dinner, drinks, or even an event (another Yelp event please!).Highlights:Tasty drink menuFabulous wicker tables and trendy IKEAish styleGreat part of townSexy servers...dangImpress someone: Take them to FEZ!
5	What else do you need to know?  Go check it out! Fez is a cool place to drink and app, it's that simple.  It's a place you keep going back to.I join the ranks of reviews who were there for a Yelp event and they nailed it.  I think you can call that the mark of great service, can you handle a huge group.  It's restaurant service on steroids.  Cool inside, cool outside, good food, good drinks.  I like the "partitioned" style of the place, the big bar/lounge area, the tables area, and the outside, good.... Good!
5	Yay for FEZ, I need to visit again.  I used to go there all the time, brunch, lunch, dinner and um, happy hour :)  Love love love sitting on the patio.  Since I moved to the east valley I haven't frequented as much, but it's always a treat when I do.  My favorites are the apricot chardonnay fusion.  I always have to have that, actually I usually go with a friend and we split a carafe (or two).  Their hummus I think is the best hummus I've ever had and I never thought I liked sweet potatoes, till I had FEZ's sweet potato fries.  Everything is pretty reasonably priced too, which is always a plus.
4	The lamb kisra (basically a pizza or flatbread) is soooooooo damn good! The salad selection will make even the most focused foodie indecisive. Not because there are too many selections, but b/c they're all so interestingly delish! The atmoshpere is super cool and funky. Great for small groups.  This restaurant group is known for their out-of-the-box menus. Unfortunately however, the service can sometimes be spotty.
3	It's hard to come and review a place that I didn't fall madly in love with when so many people before me have raved about it - I can't help but feel I'm missing out on something! That being said, there is definitely power in numbers, and because of all these great reviews about Fez, I will definitely go back and give it another chance. My husband and I went here on Friday for happy hour. The atmosphere was definitely sleek and fun - I loved the colors and lighting, and the big windows looking out on Central definitely gave the whole place a real urban vibe. Since it was happy hour, 2-4-1 margaritas were our beverage of choice - he tried the citrus and I tried the melon. They were definitely refreshing (and cheap at the equivalent of $3.50 each), but they were a little sweet for our tastes. We planned to go elsewhere that night for dinner, so we decided to try just one appetizer. We selected the Chicken Phyllo Packets. They were just ok. The ingredients were all high-quality, and the portion was large for an affordably priced appetizer (~$8), but the flavor of the feta was overwhelming and we could barely taste the red pepper and chicken. For the price we paid for two drinks and an appetizer (~$17), we got to sit  and enjoy a lively after-work scene and we definitely had a good time. I hope that next time we go back, we experience the magic that is FEZ - I don't want to miss out!
5	69th effing review *cough*Oh Thomas what else can really be said here!?!?! Fez friggin' rox kk!! Had the salad and a pom rita it was all yum-gasmic!! Cant wait to go back I think my goal in life right now is to try everything on the menu. Yes call me what you will I got # 69 ;)
3	Ok food, tries too hard atmosphere, lots of cute men, horrible service.
4	Cool, eclectic vibe right on Central. they have a nice little bar, but I particularly like the lounge area with the couch and pillows. If only pot were legal....but the should seriously considering offering Shisha here-they would make this place perfect. They have a very cool menu.... the lamb kisra is particularly fab! And overall a good atmosphere for drinking
3	Good food.  Nice people.  Waaayyy toooo noisy for me, but, if that's your thing.......In the survey, why is Yelp asking me about smoking?  This is the wild West, where we the people told the Legislature NO we don't want people smoking on the same Planet with our food.
5	Sooooo gooooood!!!I have been wanting to try Fez ever since I have been on Yelp and finally the opportunity arose. Met a group of girls there for lunch and belated birthday celebration equipped with homemade funfetti cupcakes. We started off with the sweet potato fries which were divine. Next came the hummus...which I will admit I am still thinking about today. I had the rosemary chicken sandwich and it was a great marriage of flavors. It was a little challenging eating lunch on the sofa, but the food, and the company, made it worth while.~~wanders off dreaming of hummus~~
2	Uh....you all are kidding, right?  I must have missed something when I visited Fez, as I was very underwhelmed.  True, it's very cosmopolitan and the atmosphere is very cool but to me the food was lackluster at best.  A restaurant with mediocre food is a mediocre restaurant.Maybe I'll just have to stick to drinkin' next time :)
2	Went here this past Saturday with my family for lunch.The place is extremely chi-chi, if not the most chi-chi restaurant in central phoenix. I felt really out of place, but my mom had to go there as she swore by their chicken sandwich and hummus. I ordered the eggs benedict as it is always one of my favorite dishes. The Hummus was mediocre at best... AT BEST. Try Fattoush if you want real good hummus. The eggs benedict was some chi-chi take on the dish. It was crispy hard bread, how the hell do you expect me to cut that? I cut it and it crumbles into pieces... now explain how that is good. The cheese was half melted and to my knowledge there is not cheese on eggs benedict. The SLAUGHTERED that dish. The service we had at our table was very good, as the girl had only our table. I noticed at other tables, some of the servers were over the top sappy. I have to disagree with every other reviewer, this place is a culinary joke.
5	Jared suggest we stop by Fez to say hello to Thomas and grab a quick bite after the Ignite Phoenix meeting we went to last night. (It was a Tuesday and pretty happening there). I have to admit, I was kind of craving thai food, but I allowed him to talk me into it.I'm so happy I did because:a) it's always great to see Thomasb) service was better than ever - Brian was our server and David brought our food out when it cameand c) I tried 3 menu items that I hadn't tried before and enjoyed all of them!We started with the Fez lettuce wraps... I loved the balance of the chicken with dried fruit, almonds, and pomegranate vinaigrette dressing.  Different any others I've had since they are usually with mushrooms, water chestnuts, and more of an asian flavor.Next we had the kisra & hummus - I missed this at the Elite event somehow, but wow - it was delicious!  The garlicky hummus may not be so good for my breath, but it tasted amazing - I couldn't get enough!  The kisra bread was really good too - I ate way too much!Lastly, even though we probably didn't need anything else, we had the shrimp, eggplant & mushroom kibis - I didn't realize they were fried when I ordered them, but what the hell, right?  A little fried food every now and then can't hurt!  Plus, anything with eggplant is tops in my book!  It is described as crispy roasted eggplant, mushroom and shrimp cakes with pesto herb aioli.  It looks like crab cakes, but you can taste all of the ingredients in each bite.  They were awesome too!All in all, another fantastic "Fez"tivity!
5	What more can be said about Fez? In short it's a fantastic restaurant in Central Phoenix with yummy-looking waiters, attentive bartenders, delicious food, and the magnificant Thomas S.!A few Saturday nights ago, my husband and I stopped in Fez for dinner. I had the rosemary chicken sandwich and the rosemary and garlic fries (instead of the side salad)...I am still dreaming about my meal. The portion size was right-on (just the right number of fries) and I liked how the sandwich wasn't super thick. My husband had a few bites and he loved it as well. He had the the lemon caper tilapia and the sweet potato fries. He ate every bite and gave it his seal of approval. I've also tried the pesto caesar salad for lunch and it was really good as well. The half size was perfect for me.Fez has a great atmosphere and is a great place to pop into just for a drink or two. We've sat at the bar a few times and the bartender remembered us from the first time and even remembered what beer I had been drinking. Little things like that really impress me and why Fez gets five stars from this girl.
5	Since being on Yelp, I wanted to check this place out.   I finally wandered downtown to check this place out, and I'm sure glad I did. Plus, I wanted to meet Thomas.I checked the website for directions, and found that they were wonderfully accurate.  Central was under construction, so the website told me how to get to the restaurant despite light rail construction.  Very convienient.I wandered in and was promptly greeted by a nice gentleman. I told him I was dining alone, and he escorted me to the bar area. I have to say, the Fez is well decorated.  I don't know what to call the decor, but its very modern and clean.  I noticed they have cool glass looking things hanging from the ceiling to look like walls to break up the bar area from the rest of the resturant.  Theres also a bunch of light bulbs hanging off to one area, which I thought was cool to look at.  Very hip interior.While reviewing the menu, I wasn't sure what to get.  They had a great selection of food and drinks, but I wanted to keep it simple since it was my first time here.  I spoke with the waiter who was wonderfully attentive, and asked a few questions.  I finally decided on the American Burger, and boy, was I glad that did!  WOW.  I was blown away.  This burger was amazing!  It was cibolta bread, and had a tasty cheese on the meat itself.  I also believe that the mustard had a little kick to it....but not an overly powerful kick.  It actually complimented the burger!  This was the right balance of taste, texture and flavor that I needed.  This is how burgers SHOULD be made.Whie l was eating, the server was attentive, and  I didn't even have to mention that my pop was running low.  He quickly walked out with a fresh pop and took my empty glass away.  The water here was also perfectly chilled and made a difference to me, especially in this heat that we have here.I would gladly come here again, and it was worth the trip downtown from the East Side of town.  This is a great place to take a date, your parents, or just dine on the way to an event at any one of the venues downtown.  Well done, well done!
4	Fez is great, but especially for a lighter meal at a site down place, for a good price. In and out in under an hour or so. Good drinks and decent service.
4	Went back to FEZ last night for a couple of appetizers and martinis and had an excellent time! I really enjoyed the calmer Tuesday evening scene (we went during Friday happy hour last time) and loved sitting at a table (which I usually feel guilty doing if I'm not having a full meal). Our server was really attentive and friendly, and I finally got to meet Thomas S., who was really cool and so much fun to chat with! I think that FEZ's specialty martinis are delicious - a lot better than the margaritas we had last time. I had the Orange Marmalade martini (which was only $5 because it was Svedka Tuesday, meaning that all specialty martinis with Svedka vodka were only $5), and it was deliciously citrusy without being overly sweet. My husband got the Svedka martini "lightly dirty," and it was also perfectly mixed- whoever made the drink understood his desired level of dirtiness (mind out of gutter, please!). The lettuce wraps were as good as everyone raves about, and the lettuce spears it came with were the perfect size and texture (I hate when the lettuce pieces provided with wraps are too small or flimsy to hold the contents). The spicy harissa fries were also really good - the spicy powder was really flavorful, and the fries themselves fit our definition of perfect fries (not too thick, not too thin, not too soggy, not too crispy!). I think that FEZ really shines in the specialty martini department, and most of the food we've tried there has been great. I do think that if you're looking for a quiet spot to share some drinks/appetizers and chat, you'll probably want to go later on a weekday and not during happy hour. That being said, if you want a happening place (and 2-4-1 margaritas), check them out during happy hour!
5	Wow, tasty. Went to this place for the first time after many weeks of driving past, and I am so sad I didn't go to it sooner. The atmosphere at Fez, is modern/trendy but relaxed. It also has a nice mix of people that come in, business and college kids. Looks like it would be a great place just to go for drinks, and they did have some drinks on the menu that sounded excellent.Went for lunch on a Saturday, didn't have to wait for a table, and service was awesome. The waiter answered all of our questions and gave excellent advice on what to order. I decided to start with the Hummus. Best hummus I've ever had, has garlic and other spices to it, which makes it amazing. Also the flat bread that comes with it, was also a herbed bread which meshed amazingly well with the Hummus. After my love affair with the hummus I ordered the Rosemary Chicken sandwich with the side salad. I was kind of nervous about it since it came with artichoke hearts, I love artichoke but not when its from a jar, but I am so happy I left them on. The flavors in the sandwich were all perfect together, even the bread alone with just the pesto was awesome. The only downside was the lemon dressing that came with the side salad was a little too strong, might be a good Idea to get it on the side.Didn't save room for dessert, but was ready to go back for seconds on Sunday. I highly recommend this place, the food tasted fresh, service was awesome, and the place also played good music
5	I went here for the first time the other day for happy hour, and I can't believe I have not been going here on a regular basis.  First off, you can't beat the 2-4-1 drink special, and they have a wide variety of beers and wines to choose from.  The atmosphere of the place was great, and the large lounge-y couch area was a great place for the 10 of us to comfortably hang out.  Our server was a great guy, very attentive and funny as hell too (unfortunately I cannot remember his name)The food was absolutely to die for.  The cinnamon-sugar dusted sweet potato fries made my night.  The Fez Burger was easily one of the Top 5 burgers that I have ever had in my life.  I would have never thought that pears, feta and BBQ sauce would go together, but they made an amazing burger.  The hummus was excellent and garlicky, and the tan-tan chicken sandwich was a big hit among others at my table.Great little laid-back place to sit back, unwind with some funky lounge music and enjoy some great drinks, food, and company.
5	Review #50 of a place befitting such a milestone!My friend and I headed over here last weekend and as I was sure this place had to be more hype than substance, I was a little trepidatous about the visit. Seriously I couldn't have been more wrong!!! So much so, that since we were there on a Sunday, or visit extended from the Brunch specials, right through to the beginning of FEZ Foodies (in other words I had to leave a HUMONGO tip because we took up real-estate for so long!).As there have been a bazillion reviews already, let me just say a few things:1)   Fabulous service2)   One of the best burgers I've ever eaten3)   Hot Brownie topped with the perfect Vanilla scoop - served so hot and steamy that if I weren't afraid of burning my skin, I would have covered my body with the stuff just to be closer to its goodness!Can't wait to check out their nightly drink specials (I'm already anticipating having to introduce myself as... "hi my name is Julie and I'm a half price margarita addict").
5	I made a reservation for 8 on Saturday, and I must say that Fez impressed everyone in our party. Thank you to Thomas and his staff for taking such great care of us. Our server was fantastic and the food was great! Everyone was impressed and already planning the nest visit back!
5	This place is the epitome of GREAT customer service. Other restaurants should send their staff here for training, on how to treat customers.  We showed up at 7pm on a Thursday night. We knew there would probably be a wait. As we waited we saw the staff re-arrange tables so we wouldn't have to wait too long, Wow. As we were being seated the host noticed the table a little wobbly and fixed it right there on the spot, before we even got seated, another WOW!!. The food here is always good, we mostly have kisras when we come, however I thought I would venture out and try something new. I had the bleu cheese balsamic burger, which I hail it to be  as probably one of the best burgers I have had. The wife had her usual shrimp kisra, which is always good. Our glasses of water were always full, the staff is very attentive. So the kicker, we pay our bill and are already in our car leaving, when our server flags us down, we forgot our leftover boxes at the table, WOW, WOW!!!! I am infamous for forgetting our boxes at restaurants,  this is the first time a server made an attempt to  make sure I didn't forget them. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a PERFECT experience in dining. Thank you FEZ!
5	After reading all the hype about the Fez burger and sweet potato fries, I finally had my share yesterday afternoon.  I was supposed to meet a group for happy hour, but I couldn't wait till then to eat, so I ordered my first (and, as it turned out, my only) meal of the day at 3:20p.  Around 20 minutes later, I was enjoying my green salad with a fantastic lemon basil vinaigrette.  The Fez burger did live up to all the great reviews I've heard and read of it.  I can't say if it's better than Delux since it's been so long since my first and only visit to D, although it's pretty close!  I am a lover of feta, and the combo of feta, bbq sauce, onions, and pears (!!) on ciabatta was exquisite!  And the sweet potato fries...  one of the best SWF batches I've eaten!  However, I'll have to request for less cinnamon sugar (delicious!) on my next visit.  I cannot wait to take my relatives to try FEZ!!BTW, I did return for a brief stay during happy hour.  I had to leave as space, though intimate and relaxed, was noisy.  I'll try to visit again soon!
4	Went here with a friend. The atmosphere is cute, but there was light flashing in my eyes my whole meal since we were seated in the front of the screen for some sort of video art project. Food was pretty good, pomegranate margarita, even better.  I'll be back.
5	I had never been to FEZ aside from the OYE. Why oh why?!Even though I want to marry Thomas, I told myself no matter what I will go with a blank opinion and write a fair review. It really didn't matter the meal was spectacular.I had friends in town from San Fran and decided to trust FEZ with the dificult task of making Phoenix impressive. The atmosphere is simply hip. The service, fantastic. The food....oh sweet food baby jesus. Thomas suggested the one burger I was going to refuse to try: The FEZ burger. It has pears on it for christ's sake. A burger should not have fruit besides the disputer fruit/vegi, the tomato...or should it? Apparently it should. This has to litterally be the best burger I have ever had in my life. I even ate the second half of the girlfriends for lunch reheated the next day and once again had a tantric, sting style foodgasm.The Strawberry Blueberry something or another slad was ordered by another in the group and she was most pleased.The appetizers..holy lord...The hummus was as good as I remembered fromt he elite event, as were the sweet potato fries, and those other fries, the name of which I can't recall were wonderfully spicy, and all three dipping sauces made my day.The drinks were delicious and not weak at all. If I could eat every meal at FEZ I think that I would. I may have a hard time eating anything but the FEZ Burger...It's that delicious.
5	I went to FEZ on my first visit to Phoenix this last weekend.  First, let me say I love Phoenix!  If only they would do away with all the beige paint!  It's so beautiful there you think they would add some flare to the place, some color!!!  That said, FEZ really caught my attention!I was visiting from SF, a place of bright lights, great food and so much diversity that I have to say I was ready for this place to be somewhat mediocre.  Boy oh boy was I wrong.Reasons:The decor was fun, bright and hip!Our waitress was fabulous!My salad, as strange as the ingredients sounded (strawberries, blueberries, nuts, cheese, dried cranberries, etc.) was delicious!The burgers my friends ordered were TO DIE FOR, no joke!The key lime martini tasted like key lime pie!And last, but certainly not least, we loved us some Thomas (the bartender) !  He deserves his own show! And get this, he has one...he's doing a stand-up show next month, a definite must-see!There should be more places like this in Phoenix to break up the beige!I give this place an entire jazz hand!
2	Eh...it's ok. It's dressed up bar food.  (Burgers, fries...ect..) The atmosphere can be a little pretentious.   The servers were very rude everytime I have gone there.  The bartenders were a little better.  Parking is VERY difficult when crowded.  It's a gay hang out....which would be cool if it wasn't so full of itself.
4	Fez is a great place to meet girlfriends for lunch or cocktails...and an inventive idea for lunch meetings when you want to impress a hip and social associate. I enjoy the servers, they are very friendly and energetic.  Speaking of energetic, the music that pulses through the speakers will always pep you up. The fries are fantastic, so is the chicken sandwich, but my fave is always the Strawberry, Blueberry Salad. Drinks are fresh and full of flavor!
5	I absolutely love this place.  The bar is actually comfortable to sit at and wait for late arrivals.  I've never had anything but a perfect bartender each time.  All the positive things that others have said about this place are true, the thing that puts it on high in my mind is the exceptional service even when it doesn't go to plan.My friend's 21st birthday we went to have a late dinner and hopefully sneak in a drink or two for her before midnight.  The staff nixed the early drink idea but gave us a round of shots at midnight.  *It was a small group.One time we weren't served right away, it was odd because the waitress seemed to be humming all around us...maybe she was new.  The guy I was with got prematurely upset and went to the bar to talk to someone about getting service.  I don't know if it was the infamous Thomas, but whoever the bartender was took our table as his own and we had unbelievable service from then on.  He even comped our first drinks, which I would never expect having been so slightly inconvenienced.The food is delightful and all that, but oh my god how I love the 2-4-1 drink special.  It makes for the strongest, tastiest, cheapest drinks in town from 4-6:30.  It includes all of their margaritas (the pomegranate is my favorite) any well drink (their g&t is strong and tasty) and most if not all of their beers.  All of the aforementioned usually falls in the category of 2 amazing drinks for $7 which is all it takes for you to be lucidly giddy (an odd feeling that FEZ drinks bring on). Definitely go here for dinner and the happy hour before a downtown event!
5	First timer right here, yep it's true.  I have been planning on making it to Fez for a long time and last night I finally did.  I am so in love.  The sweet potato fries are a little piece of heaven, the mustard pairs perfectly with the cinnamony sweetness.  Then, when the Fez burger arrived, it was so good that I had to stop myself from making love to it right there at the table.  I'm not kidding.  I also tried a bite of my friends shrimp kisra and that was delicious too.  I'm starting to wonder if there are any bad choices at Fez. Atmosphere, ambiance, decore? Sorry, I never looked up from my burger long enough to notice.   But in all seriousness, that rocked too.  I'm so lovin' it.
5	It's simple. FEZ rocks. Great food, great staff, great vibe. In fact, just thinking about it now makes it a pretty safe bet we'll be dinning there tonight.
4	I'm going to be honest here, I'm not sure if I'm giving FEZ a four-star rating or just Thomas. I figure since at least half of all the reviews for this place mention Thomas, and that it is practically impossible to say the word "FEZ" without mentioning him, by the transitive property, Thomas IS FEZ.It's math. Don't try to argue with me on this. I did science on it.Like most of my reviews, this one requires a little backstory. Misty S and I had misread the the last UYE event and found that it was already in full swing by the time we started getting dressed for it. Figuring we'd just hit them up at the FEZ "after party" we figured it was just best to forgo the elaborate ritual of putting myself together and just try to make it to FEZ on time. This meant that I had to go out "en homme" the first time I had ever done so with the Yelp crowd. I figured at first it wouldn't bother me. I wasn't thrilled by it, but I thought I would handle it well.But I was wrong. On the way to FEZ I started crying. And not "Bridges of Madison County" crying. Full-blown "clawing my face using my shirt as a kleenex" hysteria. I begged Misty to just let me sit in the car. I didn't anyone to see me like this. I wanted to be invisible. Like Sue Storm but without the distant, emotionally unresponsive Stretch Armstrong husband. I eventually walked in, thinking that a few drinks and some good company would change the way I felt. But it didn't. I just sat, huddled into a ball of neuroses, my heart pounding out of my chest and my skin shaking off of my bones. Misty and I just ordered some soft drinks. A Dolce & Gabana for her and a Shirley Temple for me. We figured it was best not to order any food, so that if I started Nancy Kerrigan-ing at the table we could just go. Thomas, in between doing that thing they pay him to do and trying to keep the yelpers entertained, noticed Misty and I sitting at the table, sipping disinterestedly at our grenadine cocktails, Misty making chit-chat with Amy D and someone who apparently forgot to leave a name, and I doing my best to make myself invisible with my mind. This displeased Thomas. So he set out to make it better."You sure you don't want anything?"We politely shook our heads. He cocked his head."Not even some bread?" Again we shook our heads, waving him off politely. I broke my gaze, a simple and non-confrontational way of saying "LEAVE ME ALONE I FEEL UGLY!"I looked back up and there he was, still looking at me. Head cocked. Attentive.His words were "Can I help you?" But his face was "Bitch please. Don't make me wipe that frown off your face."It was then that I knew, that I realized. This was no mere restaurant. This was a jungle. A frontier town. A wild and untamed saloon, and Thomas its fabulous sheriff slash owner slash entertainment.Misty S and I, now knowing our place in this lawless outpost, pointed to the cinnamon sweet potato fry things someone else was eating."We'll try those."And this brought Thomas great joy to hear. He smiled as he walked away. He had laid down the law upon us.The fries? Fucking amazing. Cinnamonny sweetness invited crispy potato flavor and tangy apricot mayonnaise over for a threesome in my mouth. It got pretty wild. I couldn't stop eating them. "I feel so ugly. Kill me now" Fry* "I just want to be invisible." *Fry* "The moment Matthew gets up to piss I am going to make a run for it." *Fry* "You think we could get the recipe for this?" *Fry*Thomas came by later to check up on us. He smiled, pleased to see his plan unfolded. Then he went back to seating other guests, bringing out food to other tables and picking up the slack from the scattered, overwhelmed and possibly disinterested wait staff. Goddamit, FEZ, you had best be paying him a good wage.With my belly full of cinnamon fries and a little sedated from all the grenadine, I was actually able to appreciate the decor and the atmosphere of FEZ. I was reminded of that oft-told story where some guy approaches Bill Gates and says "Hey, I'm about to meet up with some clients at this exact spot. It'd really help me out if you could just, I don't know, wave at me and say hi. It'd really impress my clients." And Bill, being the nice guy he is, agrees, and at the appropriate time walks up to the guy with clients in tow and waves and says "hi, (insert name here)" and the guy just waves him off and says "Fuck you, Bill."If I was ever going to pull that stunt, it would be here. I don't know why. I just would.I was really glad I came. I mean, afterwards I went home and cried and promised myself I would never let myself be seen "en homme" in such a public setting again, but when I think of FEZ I'll think of deep-fried cinnamon and Thomas' hospitality, and not how awful I look without a layer of makeup.Thomas, if I wasn't a Strange Sister I'd be your hag.
5	I don't know why it took me so long to come here! A few girls and I got together to celebrate mine and another friends birthdays and Fez was the spot. OK... 3 words SWEET.POTATO.FRIES.  To die for! The hummus was also delish as was my sandwich. Being that we were there for a celebration, Thomas and staff went above and beyond to accommodate our group at lunch hour. Everyone enjoyed the food, the atmosphere is adorable and the service was impeccable. I can't wait to bring my husband here!
5	Based on Yelp reviews, I went to check this place out while I'm working on assignment in Phoenix. As promised the food was great, the service was great and I got to meet the venerable Thomas.I sat at the bar and the boys took care of me. The Fez Kisra sounded good, but I should have listened to Russell's recommendations. I will definitely try those next time, which will be soon.The wine selection was varied, but didn't blow my mind. I stuck with whites and found that the one that sounded the best wasn't nearly as good as the most popular (shockingly).The place combines hip and tasteful decorating, good music, great food and a nightlife atmosphere. Definitely seems like a great place for a night out with the guys/girls if you don't want to be overly bothered.
4	Dayum!! I can't believe it's taken me so long to review this place. FEZ was the first spot I checked out for drinks and eats when I moved to Central Phoenix. This was before I was a yelping fool and when I used the site in a much more voyeuristic way. (basically to find yummy places in my new hood). After reading many reviews I decided on FEZ for happy hour and dragged this douchetard I was dating for a hot minute, along with me. The food was fantastic, I believe we had the shrimp kisra and lettuce wraps. My ass clown date kept insisting that the waiter was "coming on to him", at which time I assured him that he wasn't that hot and that gay boys have better taste than I do, so to chill the fuck out. He finally shut up, I enjoyed my wine and food stuff, and clipped his ass 2 days later. (no joke)  I thank FEZ for this defining moment.  I've been back too many times since to even tell you. I work on Central and Thomas and live on Central and Campbell so let's just say I have hummus coming out of my pores at this point. This brings me to my last visit...... today!  I ordered the fez burger to go and substituted rosemary/garlic fries for the salad. I was slightly hungover from a good nite-o-drinkin at the Clarendon roof top bar (that's a whole other review) so I was pretty desperate for some grease. I hadn't had a burger here before and today seemed like the perfect day. Fuck..... it was amazing. I was a little frightened when I ordered it because I'm usually not a fan of mixing fruit and meat....of ANY kind....EVER. Wow, was I surprised. It was delish!! I devoured it at home, in front of my cat, who by the way looked very jealous.. if not completely pissed off at me. The plan now is to go home and finish that baby off before round two tonight. At this rate I may be in tomorrow for some more hangover food. At this rate I may also gain 100lbs and need an AA meeting or 5. I love you metabolism ...... but  FEZ, I love YOU more. P.S. I am a little "breathy" after those fries..... No random makeouts tonight, sheesh!That is all.
4	Although I have been here for lunch once a long time ago, I've never been to Fez for drinks.  I was actually meeting up with someone and I needed a hip, cool place to meet for drinks and this was perfect!  The martini list was right up my alley with lots of options!I did try the sweet potatoe fries, which were awesome and I can't wait to go back and have a full meal, and another martini of course!Atmosphere was great and service was good too!
5	FEZ should stand for Fabulous Exotic ZExperience. I was planning on making it here for ages but couldnt until I found out the new metro rail is ride outside!! I needed a quiet place to read and was much obliged when they turned off all music by my request.  I was able to read my Nancy Bartholomew novles with great intensity. The staff left me alone for hours and the intoxicating rosemary smell really opened my buds. The atmosphere is definatly trendy, After I finnaly soaked it all in, I would def give this place 5 stars although I didnt try the food or bar.
5	Routine. Rut. Tried-and-true. Ever know somebody who liked to stick with what was familiar? Yeah, those people are my family. So imagine my nervousness when I suggested we dine here on a Saturday afternoon. They obliged. What great sports. I love the atmosphere of FEZ. Even at 12:30 on a weekend, this place seems to be an it-spot. Elton John was playing, that much I remember. (Can't go wrong there, in my opinion.)I also recall being intrigued by their weekend brunch (both Saturday and Sunday, until 2 p.m.). Awesome. My lil bro ordered his first mimosa and drank it happily with two twisty-straws. He ordered the breakfast panini and LOVED.EVERY.SINGLE.BITE.My dad ordered the All American burger with the harissa fries. Those fries were an instant hit, a crowd pleaser. My dad said the food at FEZ is a "flavor explosion." He couldn't have been happier. I ordered the FEZ salad with lamb, and was really pleased. It was hearty enough to fill me up without my feeling guilty. We also tried the sweet potato fries (an instant hit with my brother, who loved them beyond belief) and the hummus platter. I have been trying to get my Dad to try hummus for 2.5 years... and finally he did. Did he like it? Yeah, he sure did! We all nibbled happily on the pita bread and fries, talking about how this was some of the best food we all have ever had. What really made our experience so great was Thomas S. Lucky for us, he was working that day and came out to say hi. It was great to finally meet him. He's super friendly and funny. And he treated my family so well! For that, I will always be grateful. There's nothing like seeing happy, smiling faces on the people you love the most, is there? Especially when they have decided to try something new, something they may consider "daring" and fall fastly in love with the flavor combinations, the service, the vibe and the selections. My Dad said that if he lived nearby, he'd be coming here all the time. Thomas cleverly said, "I'll get you the name of a Realtor." We all laughed. On the way out to the vehicle, my breother remarked, "Even the mints are awesome!" Yep, FEZ is awesome. From burgers and salads to beer and brunch, this place has got something for everyone. Even those hard-to-please or stuck-in-their-ways people we all know and love.
3	I like to say "Fez" - saying the name makes me feel hip.I've been a few times (lunch, happy hour, dinner) and the mix of clientel is interesting.   Are you 60 or older.  Go on!  Are you 21 ?  Solid!   In your mid-30s on a date?  Right on!  This place is open to it all and you won't feel uncomfortable.Let me start with the drink because it is what I love best about FEZ.  Try their Dark Chocolate Martini!  (If you read my profile on Facebook, my favorite past-time is taste-testing Chocolate Martini's).Try their sweet potato french fries with the garlicy (I think) dipping sauce!!!!!  And interestingly, Sweet Potato french fries DO NOT clash with Chocolate Martinis. The food wasn't that impressive.   I've tried a couple of dishes and remain satisfied, but not wowed.My two cents:   I think Switch (same owner) serves tastier fare.  But, man, those Dark CHocolate Martinis will knock your socks off (maybe literally because they are pretty big.)
4	Total fan of Fez.  When I first went I was not happy, However I am now a die hard LOVER of Fez. We go on Sundays eat like pigs and a couple bottles of wine Totally happy, GREAT STAFF.  Hit it up check it out
5	Having fought our way through the Home and Garden show downtown, both mom and I were feeling the need for some sustenance. Since we had just spent the last two hours beating salespeople off with our virtually empty flier and give-away bags, I thought I should let mom pick the spot. But as we were driving up Central, the car just sort of veered to the right and thankfully I heard mom say, oh this is that FEZ place that you talk about!At first I thought maybe mom would feel a little self-conscious but after promptly being seated, she leaned over and said "I like this space". Whew! Big sigh of relief!! Mom was immediately drawn to the brunch menu which is available on Saturday and Sunday, as was I. We settled on the Breakfast Kisra , FEZ Benedict, and Peach Bellini's.The place was actually packed, but service was quite attentive (Thomas even brought out our food... I almost became giddy). The food was wonderful, the drinks were fabulous, and by the time we licked our plates clean,  mom had already decided what she wanted on her next visit.Finding a place that is parent friendly, while simultaneously serving mid-morning cocktails definitely warrants the sustained five-stars!!! Thank you FEZ for another fabulous meal!
4	***This review is for Fez's Brunch***For some reason, on Sunday mornings/early afternoons, I crave Eggs Benedict and Mimosas. Is it the snob in me rearing her head? Maybe. I prefer to believe it's my inner goddess in need of some pampering. 2 weeks ago, I somehow awakened my inner goddess and the craving for a nice brunch was almost unbearable. I text Amy D and about 30 minutes later, we were at Fez.I ordered a 5$ mimosa and began to peruse the brunch menu for something that would please my goddess-like tummy. Ah! Fez Benedict! What a delight! Poached eggs on small slices of french bread with ham, manchego cheese, oven dried tomatoes, & hollandaise sauce..mmm. I ordered the garlic and rosemary fries instead of the red potatoes that are normally served. On top of both of the great items on the plate, Fez also adds a beautiful salad on the side of everything. Everything ran together beautifully. The eggs were poached perfectly and the bread soaked up the hollandaise and the egg yolk but it managed to stay firm and chewy and didn't get mushy or soggy at all. The fries were tasty, but they seemed to lack any garlic and they were served with plain ol' ketchup. Eh.. I wish there was something a little more creative, but oh well. I sipped yet another mimosa and let the flavors of everything mingle on my tongue... what a great breakfast.The check came and I was SO surprised at the budget friendly price! I know Fez can cater to my inner goddess and I look forward to visiting them many more times!
4	First off I must say that this place is real easy on the eyes. A friend of mine introduced FEZ to me some time back, so since I'm a Yelper now...I can finally give my opinion. Drinks and service is excellent, the food on the other hand can be revamped. It could also just be me...I only had one dish, the limon tilapia. It would have been a great dish, if it hadn't been for the over powering taste of limon in the sauce (it was almost sour). So next time I won't be ordering that one, but something else to get  a better feel for the joint.Oh and get there early for the bar area, seats are limited and fill fast on friday.
4	I came here for lunch and had the Fez Kisra, which has pears on it and was really a pretty interesting dish.  Hadn't had anything like it before.  It has a pretty hip atmosphere, very central phoenixy.  Probably a quality date place.
3	After all the hype, I just had to go try FEZ out for myself. On Monday I took my mom out to a late lunch around 2. Considering the time, I wasn't surprised to walk into an empty restaurant with only two other tables occupied. The decor was fun, but I'm definitely going to have to check it out at a busier time as I'm sure the atmosphere has got to be better with more people around. I did my homework before coming, so I knew they had 2 for 1 margaritas on Mondays. The waitress didn't know that. Haha. Good thing I was there to remind her. Although perhaps she was just thrown by two women ordering margaritas at 2 on a Monday afternoon. C'est la vie! My mom ordered the apricot margarita and I got the orange margarita. Both were tasty, strong and healthy portions. Having never been, I wanted to try a few different things. We ended up ordering the lettuce wraps, the rosemary chicken sandwich and a basket of the sweet potato fries to share. When everything arrived, I couldn't believe how much food there was. It would have been nice if the waitress had advised us on the portion size and told us ahead of time that there was a $1 charge for splitting a meal. (I can understand charging that if 2 people order just one entree to share, but technically we ordered two and a side. If I'd known, I could have just ordered one thing and she the other and we could have divided them up ourselves. It's not a big deal but just one of those strange little avoidable surprises at the end of a meal.)As for the food, the sweet potato fries were amazing. I've had them many places and I have to say, these are the best by far. That dipping sauce is so perfect and the cinnamon sugar on the fries makes you feel like you're eating dessert (in a good way)! The lettuce wraps were pretty tasty, although I didn't expect them to be cold. They are served with romaine lettuce, rather than iceberg and that was a refreshing change. I don't know if I'll order them with the fries again because there was just too much sweetness going on for one meal. The rosemary chicken sandwich was really yummy. I couldn't believe how much chicken was on it! The best part was the subtle hint of feta. I'm a fan of the cheese, but only in small quantities and they had the perfect proportion. All in all it was a solid experience. I'll be coming back at least two more times - one with some friends during happy hour and another time for brunch as I've just got to try their eggs Benedict.
5	Fez is just FREAKIN' fabulous!With it's modern decor, low lighting, hip music and intimate setting in central Phoenix, it's the perfect little getaway restaurant. And the food.....TO DIE FOR! Where shall I start? The cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries will melt in your mouth. I highly recommend them and any of the kisra plates. The Casablanca chicken sandwich is also delish.The service is also very friendly and attentive...very refreshing!They also have a nice little patio in the back which is nice if you're a smoker, considering it's banned so many different places now!And even if you aren't in the mood for dinner, it's got a great bar area to sip a cocktail or two.
5	Yeah, I'm updating my review.  So what if I'm the Laverne (the cynical New Yorker) to Thomas's Shirley (the perky mid-westerner)?  What are you going to do about it? I love Fez for reasons other than Thomas.  And as much as he's going to pout about what I'm about to say, Fez is not all about him.  Its about Monika too! ;) No, but really...here is the deal.  Fez serves solid food at inexpensive prices.  (I've tried nearly everything so if you have questions just ask)  They have a good HH and reverse HH.  The brunch rocks.  (Btw, I loved the breakfast pasta Thomas!)  They are always changing the menu, changing the drinks, changing the beers on tap.  They are open fairly late.  They offer to pay for a cab home if you've had too much to drink.  Fez isn't supposed to be an upscale place...its supposed to be a gathering place for everyone.
4	Fez has never disappointed. Even when they are busy (HH especially)- the service is great and the servers can always recommend something delicious. For a small, clubby-restaurant, their food is AMAZING. Their salad are huge and the soups are wonderful, and their fish dishes are always fresh. For a quick snack, you must try the sweet- potato fries. They are to die for and may be the reason I gained 5 pounds before moving from Arizona. And drinks! Their pomegranate margaritas are amazing and for weekends- brunch is best complimented by a greyhound.
5	It doesn't get to much better than Fez, great atmosphere, great food, reasonable prices, good service.The best part is you get to pretend you're in a metropolitan city when you're there. Fez is one small step in the right direction for central Phoenix, someday there might be dozens of restaurants like this one, but for now enjoy the original.My favorites are the lamb kisra (its hard to get lamb these days), and the bleu cheese balsamic burger. Bring an appetite!
5	Two for one drinks on Halloween for dressing up like Lisa "left eye" Lopes (the "L" of TLC). I was happy, but it was dead. Fez is awesome for Happy Hour, as others have mentioned, I never really bother with the food... maybe I ought to. The margaritas and a lot of other drinks come with interesting and tasty accents, like wedges of grapefruit and sour gummy worms. I am the type to always eat the salad on the plate, so the high-quality garnishes are appreciated. I met yelper Kristin S. here last night, who took a photo of my friend (Sara B.) and I in our costumes. Hope it wasn't for sinister purposes! Ha!
4	ok.....This is my new reason to venture to downtown Phoenix. A friend tried Fez recently and has been talking about it non stop so we decided to "eat our way across downtown Phx" yesterday.  This was by far our favorite spot! How can you not have a good time in such an uplifting interior paired with delectable food, friendly staff and tasty beverages?  The chicken phyllo packets were too good!  The only disappointing aspect was that Thomas was not working.*** I only had a bottled beer but I will return for an actual specialty drink as I hear they are amazing.
4	After three visits to Fez, I am addicted. Actually, if I weren't addicted I probably wouldn't have made it a third time... First off, this place has the coolest innards. I want to live here. I think it is a cardinal sin NOT to get the sweet potato fries... omg, absolutely breathtaking... and whatever that dipping sauce is... oh so yummmm!! Fez makes a VERY strong drink. by VERY, I mean.. I am pretty sure I was drunk off of three sips of my Feztini. It may cost 9 bucks, but I think you get the alcohol equivalent of three drinks! The hummus is also extremely tasty... we also tried the bruschetta appetizer last time and that was great. The bathrooms are super hot. I wish I could just spend the night in there. Thomas is the sweetest, most loveliest person. He came to the table and chatted with us for a bit, which made our dining experience all the better. Last Sunday David did the same. The people that work/live here are amazing. I cannot wait to try Fez out for Brunch! I took a peek at the brunch menu and I am seriously considering taking myself there on a date this morning!
4	Went for a quick dinner before a show downtown.  Had the Fez Kisra, thin crusty pizza with no sauce.  Fantastic.  The Fez fries are a must and to die for.  Great drinks, pomegrante margarita was great.  Very good food, great atmosphere.1
4	I suppose it's high time I review Fez, I've been there enough times. Usually for lunch or dinner or drinks, often with fellow Yelpers, as this seems to be the unofficial Yelp HQ. But as of this past weekend I've now done brunch as well, so my bases are covered. Good food, cool decor, excellent service - the staff is always friendly and efficient, even when I don't drop Thomas' name. Love the kisra & garlic hummus, but my favorites are the fries - they're all good, but those cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries - oh, man - I could just sit and munch on those things all night long. And I have before. A few times. My meat-eating friends rave about the burgers - haven't had one myself, I'm waiting for the veggie patty option Thomas swears is coming.
5	I'm a sucker for good hummus...and Fez...Fez has great hummus.  Perhaps even better than the hummus, is the bread.  If I was trapped on a desert island and could only have two things to eat, one would be watermelon (which unfortunately is not on Fez's menu), but two would be Fez's bread.Fez makes a pizza-like item on the menu with pesto and fresh mozzarella, which is quite tasty.I've heard the fries are great, but I'm usually too full to eat them.  Someday I'm going to go to Fez just for the fries.I used to go to this building when it was a Blue Burrito.  Every time I go to the building, now that it has changed, I'm always dumbfounded on how the ownership was able to convert a fast-food restaurant space into a hip sit down restaurant.
4	The design is great, the drinks strong and the best hummus in town, bar none.I've been there for brunch, lunch and diner. The food is always good and the atmosphere really worksHere's my favorites: Brunch-definitely the eggs benedict and a bloody Stella (tomato juice and Stella Artois); Lunch-the Tangier burger is the best, with hummus, pesto spread and sun-dried tomatoes; Dinner-the tomato Taza salad with a side of grilled salmon.Also check out the kisras with shrimp or lamb and, oh yeah... did I mention the best hummus in town?
4	Go on Sunday and get the Fez Benedict. Don't ask me why, just do it. You'll thank me later.From the strongest and best tasting drinks in CenPho to some of the friendliest servers in the Valley, this place rocks. It's always inviting, it's always fun and the clientele is as varied as the Valley gets.There's a Fez burger I always get for dinner, it's divine. Rivals Delux as that best in town, and that's saying plenty.Oh, get the hummus. And the fries. Either kind.
3	Atmosphere: Upbeat, Exciting, VibrantFood: Different, eclectic Service: Lunch, FastPrice: ExpensiveGreat people watching place! Food was good, different. I could not understand the name and all the different types of food on the menu.I'm not sure they know what they want to be when they grow up.....Fez Salad excellentLamb and Spinach Pizza thing was different good in a funky sort of way.
5	I can't believe I waited this long to swing by Fez. I went here last night and am hooked. I started with a pomegranatini and the garlicky hummus. Five stars for both. I had the strawberry/blueberry cashew salad. Again, five stars! Of course I had to finish my meal off with the warm chocolate nut brownie with vanilla ice cream. Another five stars for Fez. We sat at the bar -- I think our bartender's name was David -- the service was great.  Good times!
4	oh hell there isn't much i can add to fez to convince people to come here.they have an awesome mens restroom. oh yea..and the hummus is awesome..but i'm sure you all know that already. burgers are good, breakfast menu is pretty good. drinks are always good. never weak. service is good. figured it was time to yelp it since last night was the first time i've been here in 6 months. lol.
5	I have now been to Fez for two events, brunch, lunch, dinner and time at the bar, so I figured I should update. I also checked my bank account, and it looks like in the past 30 days I have spent over $300.... yikes!I'm a big fan of consistency, and every time I come to Fez, I have a consistently warm and amazing experience. The food is always top notch, aside from one busy Saturday night the service has always been pretty good, the drinks are strong and you cannot beat the environment. Or a smiling, happy, hugging Thomas. Fez. I love you. My bank account hates you. I need to start working some swerve and get someone to take me on an all-expense-paid date here.. ha ha PS The green pasta rocks my socks
4	I know how much you yelper's like FEZ. So I decided to try it. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, as that is where the majority of the stars come from. I went with my good friend Jonathon and Nellie and they felt very comfortable here as well. I ordered the lamb kisra and Jonathon ordered a wonderful chicken sandwich. Our food was very good. Jonathon did not care for the sweet potatoes fries as they are not at all like his momma makes. I think that they should put on the menu that they sprinkle them in cinnamon sugar and warn people. They are very good, but maybe not with dinner, they are better alone or as an appetizer, they are very sweet. The fries come with a great dipping sauce that really is an amazing blend of flavors in your mouth.  I was a little taken back by the price of alcohol, this made our bill pretty expensive when all was said and done.  But other than the price of drinks, this place is amazing! The food, the staff, and the atmosphere all very nice in my book.  Thanks for sending me there yelper's, so far you haven't steered me wrong!
4	The first time I went to Fez was a couple of years back during the horrific light rail construction period.  My friends and I literally had to park a couple of blocks away because there was no way to get to the restaurant parking lot.  Despite the hassle, we were quite surprised by what we discovered.  Fez wasn't the usual happy hour.Fez is probably the first place I've been to in downtown Phoenix that has the look and feel of a restaurant/bar I would expect to find in downtown Scottsdale (without the Scottsdale attitude of course).  Everytime I've been, my friends and I always grab a seat on the couch and munch on some appetizers while enjoying a beer.  Their bruchetta appetizer is perfect for a small group.What I found most pleasantly surprising was their burgers.  The fez and bleu cheese burgers are two of the better burgers I've had.  They use some outstanding flavor combos to make those burgers wicked tasty.  I haven't had the sweet potato fries but most regulars there will tell you its a can't miss.  As for the drinks, they've got a pretty good beer selection and their wine menu is pretty decent.  One of my gal pals loves their martinis.All in all, a nice addition to downtown.  Now that the light rail construction is done and the trains will be moving soon, Fez will probably see business boom.  I only have a few qualms.  Sometimes its a little too crowded (usually the first few hours after work) and some of the entrees are a little overpriced.  Still there's plenty of good times where you won't deal with the overflow and theres plenty of cheap items on the menu (particularly during happy hour).  Hopefully Fez doesn't lose its charm as more folks stream into this place.  Bottomline, if you're in the downtown area, this is a place you have to try.
3	Fez just jumped a few notches in my book thanks to the burger I had last night. I took Amy D's advice and tried it, but I had the bleu cheese and balsamic variation and while it was delicious as advertised, holy small burger that for 10.95 should at least halfway fill me up. I told the bartender I was still really hungry after eating it. Thats another + for Delux, is I usually have a tough time finishing one of their burgers. Still tasty as could be though.
4	Fez is BY FAR my favorite place to take people who are new to the midtown area.  Not only does it stand out as something different than you'll find anywhere else in Phoenix but it also provides top culinary options that will satisfy most palates.There are a few gripes about Fez though.  The first is that parking can be a headache when they are busy.  Kinkos takes up most of the good spots.  The second is that Fez is really a gay bar masquerading as a restaurant.  Not that having gay clientele is a problem but the servers will only pay attention to you if you are not a co-ed group.  I get terrible service when I take my wife or we go with other couples.  When I bring a guy friend, we are always immediately tended to.  The drink selection is good but they don't have a blender so don't expect anything slushy.  The drink menu consists of martinis of all different flavor combination and are quite popular.  The pomegranate one seems to be a favorite of my friends.The food selection is a bit overwhelming upon reading the menu.  Arugula, pears, saffron; all sorts of strange additions to traditional American plates.  The wife always orders the lamb chops with pesto.  She swears by them.  I always get the Fez Burger.  It is, by far, the best burger in Phoenix.  The bbq sauce's tangy-ness mixed with the sweet pear makes the burger unbelievable.  Unfortunately, the salad that accompanies the Fez Burger is one of the worst combination I have ever been forced to eat.  Fez is a lounge type environment.  Some of the tables are couches, some are four tops, and some are high tops.  There is usually some techno music playing but it is not too loud to disturb your conversation.  They have a patio that, assuming they still allow this, will let you bring your dogs out with you.  I am so glad that they survived the light rail construction and cannot wait to go back.
2	I've got to say, I'm surprised at the stark differences between FEZ and Switch.  I'm a huge fan of Switch, and have never had a bad experience (a big plus is that it is walking distance).  On the contrary for FEZ; I've been there 4 times, and all four times I've had Dreadful service (yes, dreadful with a capital D).  The food is what I would expect from this owner, but by time it gets to me, I'm so  pissed off about the bad service that I overlook the good quality, great taste and positive use of quality ingredients.  I can't help but think to myself that if I want a good burger without the queeny attitude, I'll go to Delux for their burger and sweet potato fries.  Last night was the icing on the cake though, not only did we have bad service and day-old wine, but we were sitting next to a group of queens who were "like, oh my gawd girl, did you see what Jeffy was wearing at Amsterdam's last night, like wow, I thought that went out in the 80's".  Yea, and here I thought Valley Girl talk went out in the 80's too.  And then the one of them scoots out of the booth and nearly knocks my 3 month old nephew out of his chair and says "oopsy, sorry".I think I'll stick to Switch and Ticoz when I'm in the mood fo' recession food!   And for those of you who don't know what that last sentence means, the owner of these three restaurants has initiated a "Recession Plate" special.   It apparently lasts for the entire month, and is the most delicious $5 meal I've had in ages.  It's so good and cheap that I can afford to order the best wine on the menu.
4	We came to FEZ because Rokerij had let us down and Bomborez was not open--we have never been to FEZ and wanted to see what it was like.  The ambiance is good, a bit arty but not trying too hard--it's a good place for relaxing and feeling a little chilled out.  I tried some Riesling and my girlfriend tried the Pomegranate Margarita.  They were both really good drinks and brought up our mood from the prior disappointments.  Service was good.  I would go to FEZ again and try the food and additional cocktails.
4	On my maiden voyage to Fez, I was completely grumpy and out of sorts. All I can say is that the pomegranate margarita and my boyfriend's niceness turned that around. We stayed for a drink and were on our merry way. I was lamenting the fact that I no longer work across the street and couldn't make this my go-to place. I want to stop in again and stay awhile longer for dinner. Liked the vibe here a lot.
5	A+!!!This place rocks on every level. Cool location next to the new light rail. Super friendly waitstaff. The food tastes fresh and the flavors are vibrant. I had the cinnamon soup and the shrimp kisra. We ended up chatting with the ladies at the table next to us and shared our food. The sweet potato fries are sweet and delicious!! Best part is that the food isn't over-pried.
4	I promise I will keep this one short and sweet because there isn't possibly anything further I could say about this fabulous little bistro that hasn't been said already.Anyhow, I just moved to Midtown, don't know a soul within 30 minutes, but by some shred of dumb luck happen to be in walking distance of Fez.  Many times have I come in by myself to grab some food or a drink at the bar for no reason other than to get out of my place, and the staff and patrons have always been lovely and welcoming.  Never did I feel awkward for coming in by myself, which was very refreshing.At this point I've worked my way through about half the menu, and it's all quite good.  They seem to always have the perfect dish depending on how hungry I am, not too mention some killer cocktails and an always bumping happy hour.  Simply cannot wait for my friends to come visit so I can show them my fabulous neighborhood bar...how lucky am I?!?
3	So i have been to fez many times and enjoyed it. My standard meal is the fez burger with rosemary and garlic fries. I was there for lunch this last week with some co-workers. Understandable it was busy for the lunch rush, but I was displeased this time. We got a seat in a timely manner and thus service was good considering the guest/server ration. But the food was not spot on. My burger came out luke warm and my fries lacked the rosemary. I informed the server of this discrepancy and he stated that they may have run out and he was going to check. He brought back a small cup of chopped rosemary. By then the fries were less than the ideal temp and were not tossed in the rosemary as they commonly are. And there was confusion with the check. It is true we paid partly with cash and credit card, but the server was confused and took his tip before we could figure out how much to give him. On a side note, the menu changed from the chic black leather cases to a clipboard with the menu in loose plastic sleeves. The prices have gone up (I thought with gas going down, the transportation costs would go down, lowering the price of food). And we were served stretch colorful straws that look like they should be at an ice cream shake shop. I felt like we were in McDonalds for older kids. Not sure if I will go back.
2	Wow, I'm surprised to see such good reviews on this place.  I thought that the food was mediocre at best.  I had the fez burger (just okay) and my husband had the panko chicken.  They had some interesting flavor combinations on their entrees, but they just weren't executed well.  Everything was really bland.   We ordered the "garlic" fries and boy were they disappointing.  Basically, you're run of the mill fries with garlic powder, yes garlic powder and barely any salt or pepper.  I guess I just assumed that garlic fries would have real garlic, like real restaurants do.  I guess people like this place because it's trendy, but the food doesn't hold up to the atmosphere at all.
5	With the new black bean burger I had for dinner tonight - which is only 5 bucks for the entire month of January - Fez now has it all. It's not perfect, but it's damn good. I'm torn on the goat cheese - probably not my first pick to go with the black bean patty - but I do so love goat cheese that I'll forgive them. And I think they could do without the radishes. I don't know, just never thought they were good sandwich toppings. Also, the patty lacks a little in consistency, kind of gets crushed and you lose bits and pieces here and there with each bite. But it's quite tasty, so again, I'll forgive them. Someone said it was spicy, but I didn't think so. Will I order it again? That's the real question. And the answer is Hells yeah. Thanks Fez for thinking of us vegetarians and quasi-vegetarians that dig a good veggie burger. Oh, and apparently they've got a few drink specials that are dependent on ordering the black bean burger, how cool is that? My advice - check it out.
3	Very swanky decor.  Lounge-y. Lots of candles and dim lighting.  Hip looking waitstaff. Terrible music. Terrible.  Borderline happy-hardcore. like super upbeat generic dance music. Vomit.  It was bad enough to detract from the company I was with and the food.  Downtempo or jazz would have greatly improved the ambiance. Speaking of food, I was very disappointed that they were out of sweet potato fries.  The rosemary garlic fries I got to replace them sucked.  Tasted like regular ole fries dusted with garlic powder.I ordered the fez burger which was alright.The wild pear martini was alright. I'm not usually a big hummus fan but i thought theirs was pretty tasty, especially the bread they served with it. Yum!I may be back some other time (we went during happy hour on sunday) to give it another shot since its in the neighborhood.  Half off bottles of wine on sundays will also be an incentive.
5	I am possibly the only person who has not reviewed FEZ yet!So, here it goes....I love everything about it! Thomas is Awesome! The food was Fantastic! My drinks were Terrific. And the atmosphere was Outstanding!!!Enough said....~Fez I love you~
5	I loved it. I had never been there before my sister decided she wanted to go there shes been there a million times. I do have to admit I wasn't sure about going somewhere like this because it typically is not the type of place I go to party or eat but I absolutly loved it.  The atmosphere was great and the people that were there to eat  and the people that worked there were fantastic! I would definetly go there again! Drinks were great!
5	As is true with Switch...I love Fez for a myriad of reasons...-great drinks-hip/fun atmosphere-works for a loud night out with friends or a laid back dinner for two-patio seating in front of the restaurant (a plus in my book)go, if only to order the sweet potato fries with cinnamon sugar on top. amazing.
5	This is definitely on my Top 10 Places to Go for Lunch list, if I had such a list. They call if American fare with a Moroccan flair, and it works!I've tried a few items from the menu and always enjoyed the salads and kisras. A few friends are big fans of the bleu cheese burger. However, my hands down favorite is the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich - grilled chicken with mixed greens, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears and dried cherries on a ciabatta roll. It's got this blend of sweet, tangy and creamy going on that makes me crave it. Definitely get a basket of fries - one is enough for 2-3 people to share. There are four different flavors, and if it's not too busy, they will let you do half and half with two types of fries. I like them all and usually let whoever I'm with choose the flavors. Funny thing is that I'm not much of a french fry person, but I probably like these because you don't need any ketchup on them.They have a very impressive wine list and I've heard good things about their happy hour and brunch. Will have to try those soon (been saying that for about two years now, of course).Service is usually pretty friendly, prompt and accommodating. If you ask them for suggestions, they're knowledgeable enough to explain the different flavors and they're not afraid to tell you which ones are their favorites.
4	amazing brunch/breakfast...the eggs benedict is the best around. Great Happy hour, good atmosphere, comfy seating, and a patio! If you're going for dinner on a busy night-make a reservation if your party is large!
3	so here goes my fez review, i'm now an official phoenix yelper.i've been here twice before and i'd say they were both four star visits. the place is cool and hip, and the burgers are the best in the valley. their drinks are pretty good too, a little pricey though.on this visit my friend and i split the balsalmic blue cheese burger which was orgasmic. the sweet potato fries were ok, nowhere near as good as delux's though. not a fan of the brown sugar on them, it made them too sweet. the banana split martini was delicious and started my evening buzz. my friend got the cherry bomb one which was too strong for me.my main problem with fez has consistently been this: their service.  they seated us in the corner of the patio and i guess we went "unnoticed" by the staff because of the two large parties outside with us as well, blocking the way for any waiter to get through to us. and i guess the hostess never told anyone that we were seated. so we waited 15 minutes before finally getting served.  it took another 15 minutes for us to get our drinks. for such a well-known establishment you'd think they'd only hire the best. wrong. they don't even have that many servers, and on a saturday night, several large parties require lots of attention. and the smaller groups tend to get neglected.i know i'll be back to fez in the future, because i love the food, but maybe not when it's busy so i don't have to wait 30 fucking minutes for a $10 martini. bleh.
5	First impression: Great ambiance, good-looking clientele  and awesome staff.  Cocktails - yummy pomegranate margarita and martini's, perfect with a ruby grapefruit garnish.  We started with the mixed mescaline, fresh strawberry and dried blueberry salad.  Perfect balance of flavors, right amount of acid and textures (cashews, nummy).  We were off to a great start.  Entree's, we had the lamb kisra which is like an open face schwarma with a tasty herbed crust topped spinach, feta cheese, and a lemon basil dressing poured over the top (just the right amount) delicious!  Also we had the special- lobster pasta (very nice) and the balsamic blue cheese burger (heaven) with sweet potato fries- yes!.  There was much oohing and aweing going on at our table.   I am very excited to find such a great new spot.  Thomas was working his butt off but took the time to visit with us and made sure we had a delicious slice of chocolate fudgy cake to top off a fabulous meal.  Prices very reasonable too boot.Thank you for a great night!
4	I come here a lot, it's a safe, colorful, consistently good place when I don't feel like risking disappointment someplace new.  Plus I live right around the corner.  The salads are great, half size is plenty if ordered with the must have french fries.  Although I love spicy food and I love harissa, I don't love the harissa fries, they remind me too much of a harissa version of the shaker parmesan cheese.  The rosemary are the best.  The kisras and hummus are good, the tilapia is nothing extraordinary but good, and drinks with the 'well' vodka svedka are all good.  Service is never wonderful but always acceptable.  This place is probably always safe to take a group.
5	I really like this place. They have great martinis and margaritas. I agrees with Nancy J., the pomegranate is YUMMY! I'm not the biggest hummus fan (but I LOVE chickpeas, go figure), but it's really good there. The hummus has a nice spicy punch to it and the bread served with it is nice on its own . I have had most of the salads and they have all been tasty . Fez has a very modern, cool, urban atmosphere but is very relaxed. Their staff is friendly and you can actually talk to your party without having to shout over loud music.
4	Winner!I went with my girlfriend and parents, and the atmosphere was pretty much perfect for chatting.  By the end of the evening it was a touch loud for my dad, but the crowd was energetic and not obnoxious.  I'd hang there for the drinks and music alone.Appetizers--fishcakes to die for, pretty good greek phyllo pastries, and sweet potato fries as good as I've had.  (Apparently they come in four flavors--cinnamon was delish.)  My margarita was strong and tasty.  Beer and wine selection was great.We were so full on appetizers that we split two main courses.  Lemon pesto pasta was a winner--perfectly cooked tilapia on top and fresh veggies in the mix.  My parents got the pomegranate chicken, which was panko-breaded and pretty tasty.  The guys at the next table asked for a "stars out of ten" rating and we all gave the chicken an 8-9.Wonderful service, fun atmosphere, reasonably priced.  I'll go back and get the burger next time.  Pears, bbq sauce and god-all cheese of some sort?  Yes please.
5	I'm a pretty tough cookie to please, and I rarely give my five stars out (with an exception to book stores), but I truly believe this place deserves it. First of all, I visited FEZ for my friend's birthday party, and when I walked into the chic doors, I immediately fell in love. I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance of this place! Service was prompt, and I decided to try the sweet fries...and months later, I can still taste the sugary goodness of them. Drinks were delicious, as well! Over all, I had fun at FEZ, and I hope, and will, return shortly!
4	Fez was wonderful! Went there for a "pre-Valentine's Day" dinner with DH. The atmosphere is very hip and modern, complete with video wall and dance club-ish music. The sweet potato fries with cinnamon were AMAZING. I never knew sweet potatoes could taste that good. The black bean burger was fairly good, although I've had better. Service was competent but not over-the-top great. Love the location too.
5	I love this place...happy hour is amazing I would go on Tuesday for Martinis having just two you will be leaving nice. The garlic hummus was tasty...but not for those who do not love garlic it is beyond garlicky. I usually go for happy hour I love the fries I have had almost every flavor. yum! This is a good place for brunch on the weekend they have great mimosas although the techno can get a little old if you are not into techno.
4	3.5 starsThis was actually a difficult visit to rate.  We had 2-star service.  Now before the loyal FEZ following stones me, just remember that only means "I've had better."  Yet the food had 5 star potential.  My husband and I stopped for dinner after the Heard Museum event last night.  Neither of us had been to FEZ,  *hangs head in shame* and we were both excited to finally try it--me because of the food, him...well he loves Fez on That 70's Show.  Maybe that's enough.So here's the good things we found:When our table was ready, the host did not scream our name across the room deafening those in immediate earshot.  He actually remembered who we are and approached us.Our bartender was fast and attentive in spite of it being crazy busy.  I tried the Feztini.  It was $9.50 I think.  Now I'm from Circa 1990 where my favorite club had $3 cover and $1 drink nights.  So $10 bought me a pretty good time, and some other stuff like drunks trying to bum a buck off of you.  So for a $10 drink, I expect a lot.  FEZ delivered.  For a girlie drink, I'm pretty sure more than one would take me out.While we were waiting for a table, we saw the manager (wait, could it have been our own Thomas S-does he work there?) mixing drinks, delivering food, wiping tables, just doin' what needed doin' (doing' what, not doin' who).  The food was great.  I went with everyone else's faves--hummus, sweet potato fries, and rosemary chicken sandwich.  The hummus was garlicky good and the green olives make it garlicky great.  Everyone raves about the fries, now I know why.  Cinnamon dusted and a maple dipping sauce.  This is like crack for a sweet potato fry junkie.  And the sandwich was the perfect combination of ingredients.Now the not so good:My food, including the fries, was just barely warm (thus the 5-star potential).  Luckily it was so good  it wasn't terribly upsetting.The wait between appetizers and entrees was really long.  But that was understandable given the crowd.  The problem was our server.  Though friendly, he did the minimum.  During the wait, he could have sold my husband another beer twice over.  I don't mind waiting if I feel taken care of.  Making sure we had drinks and an acknowledgment we weren't forgotten, maybe an apology for the wait goes a long way.And I just saw the Feb special posted.  It would have been nice if our server had offered that information.  It sounds great!I am looking forward to going back so FEZ can earn the extra half star.  Heck maybe 5!
4	An evening visit to Fedex (next door) provided the opportunity for.... my first visit to FEZ... How did it take so long? What a cool place. The semi-dark atmosphere is very intimate. I'm pretty sure it was dark enough for my friend and I to feel each other up under the table with no one else noticing. Pretty classy huh!She had the FEZ salad, i had the tomato whatever it's called salad. Both were very fresh with lots of tasty ingredients and a nice dressing. Hers had the grilled chicken breast. At most places, this is usually an anemic dry chicken breast... in this case it was hot, grilled, large, and delicious - enough so that I was impressed. The sweet potato fries were sublime but probably 3939484949383 calories per fry. The ambiance and service are way better than one would typically expect at a restaurant at this reasonable price point. I'll be back!
5	FEZ is amazing.  Simply put.  Just as a forewarning, this place is definitely gay-friendly.  If you didn't know that already, you should probably ditch that rock you've been living under.  Maybe not the place to take your ultra-conservative family, unless you want a little entertainment.  Call me crazy, but whenever my husband and I go there, we are among the few straight people, and that counts against us.  Our service sucks when it is just us.  When we bring a large group, it's infinitely better.  Sometimes it is just downright funny to watch how the service changes from table to table, waiter to waiter.  Aside from that, the food at FEZ is downright PHENOMENAL!  This was the first place that I tried lamb, and I have been hooked ever since.  Order it medium and you get a wonderfully tender and flavorful sweet piece of meat, well 5 actually.  On top of that is a to die for pesto sauce that will linger on your breath for hours, even days.  Not necessarily the best, but totally worth it.  On the side is lots of roasted veggies, the carrots and potatoes being particularly good.The Douxelle Burger is also a lovely choice, with the burger always being cooked exactly the way you ask for it.  The finely diced sauteed onions and mushrooms are perfectly done and a fantastic accompaniment to the super tangy whole grain mustard.  Served on a ciabatta roll, you can't ask for a better burger... Except maybe the FEZ burger according to many.If you are in the mood for a salad, the Pest Caesar Salad with Pistachios is a great option.  It's a refreshing spin on a classic that is improved upon with the pistachios.  If the carnivore in you needs some love too, add the lamb, its amazing on top of this salad.  The Strawberry/Blueberry Cashew salad is also great.  The flavors combine seamlessly to create a perfectly fresh and fruity dining experience.  The salads here are big, be prepared to take some home if you order the big size.I could go on and on about FEZ.  Everything here is great.  I really try to choose new items every time I go, but my old favorites keep calling me back.  Keep rockin' it FEZ
2	I've been itching to go to FEZ for a long time based on all the other wonderful reviews. I drive by FEZ nearly every day as I work just down the street.  Finally went with a buddy of mine and I got razzed more than I'd like for picking out a sub-par place! That is factoring in the food and the service. I'd probably give 2.5, 3 stars for the food. I'd give 1.5 stars for the service.  Went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, although the service would have suggested otherwise. Now don't get me wrong, the waitress was very pleasant and personable, but the time that went by before we got refills or that my dining companion's DIET COKE was fixed to a regular coke took too long. Me not being a soda drink couldn't care less about diet vs. regular but I know, I know, you soda drinkers need to have it exactly as you're taste buds know. The food: I already had a lunch so just got the kisra and hummus.  I must  say I was extremely impressed with the taste of the kisra....actually...I would come here for the kisra and hummus for lunch, for sure. But I would get it to go. I wouldn't come back on a lazy Sunday afternoon b/c although I'm being lazy, I don't want the service lazy.  On to my friend's lunch...he got the All-American Burger. To me, this should have come on a sesame seed bun, what's more American other than apple pie,right?  Now I understand the Mediterranean flair that is FEZ, but it just didn't seem right to call it All-American when it's more like half-American....and his salt and pepper fries were not even warm-ish. And they tasted reheated. boo.We both decided this would maybe have been a better time had if we were there in the evening. I think we'll give it one more try at night and see if we don't enjoy it a little more.Maybe my hopes were built up b/c of all the other great reviews, maybe we came at a bad time, maybe he ordered the wrong item. Maybe I'll give FEZ another shot....but I'm not in a hurry to do that right now.
5	Went back to Fez last night after taking a several week hiatus, and all I kept thinking over and over again was what the hell is wrong with me??  Why would I ever take a break from such a delicious and fabulous place?!Went after the heartbreaking Suns loss, convinced that I could not be cheered up, and somehow Fez managed to do the trick.  Not sure whether it was one of the 5 reverse happy hour specials we ordered (chicken phyllo packets, bruschetta, 2 orders of fez fries, and lettuce wraps, what we were hungry!!) that did the trick, could've been the two-for-one drink specials after paying $9 for every beer at the game, or it may have been our fantastic waitress Sarah who snapped us out of it.Either way, everything was spectacular and Fez just got bumped to a 5 star.
2	Went to Fez as part of the lightrail pub crawl.Doubtful I'll go back.Decent place I suppose, but not really my style.
5	After pondering whether to give FEZ that 5th star after two entirely different experiences, I took a look at my history.  Only three 5-star restaurant reviews, and two are hole-in-the wall Mexican joints.  Self, why is that?  Well, I love Mexican food, but don't get culinary on me with it.  And my only expectations for 5-stars are great but cheap food, adequate service (if applicable) and not seeing a roach flit by.  Yet, in a nicer place, I expect the whole package.My husband and I had dinner for the second time at FEZ last night.  Upon walking in, we notice our less than spectacular server from the last visit was working.  I remarked that I supposed we would be unfortunate enough to have him as our server again, and he was.  But wait!  Is this the same guy?  Maybe he had a bad night before, maybe management flogged him after my first review.  Anywhoo, he was attentive, efficient, and friendly from the start of the meal through picking up our check.  Our food was fantastic, and hot this time!  We had to have the hummus and those sweet potato fries again, diet be damned!  We shared the ribeye, and it is definitely enough for two. The ribeye was a wonderful cut and cooked to perfection.  The accompanying summer vegetable succotash was light and crisp, and perfectly complemented the steak.  We also shared the chocolate mousse, though by now I was wishing I had worn elastic.  Mmmmm.  So I'm bumping FEZ up a star for the wonderful evening, and crossing my fingers that this is a more typical experience here.
4	Dear Other Trendy Burger Place in Phoenix on the Street Named After an Animal with Hump(s):I regretfully inform you that I have found my new favorite burger in Phoenix: the Fez Burger is as deluxe a burger as I have ever encountered during my 25 years.I also regret to inform you that my new favorite burger comes with a delicious buy-one-get-one-free margarita during happy hour; not to mention that I can take the Light Rail to said location and avoid a DUI for a burgergasm.Regrets,AJL
4	Fez was recommended by Phoenix YELPers, and it did not disappoint. The food was phenomenal. We had the shrimp and lobster cake appetizer, which was good, but not especially memorable. But, then we had the Fez burger - pears, crisped onions, salty cheese, and perfectly cooked savory beef patty, all on ciabata bread - which was pretty much one of the best burgers I've ever tasted. We also ordered the Lamb Kisba - it seems to be a wheat based flat bread dough, with a few herbs baked into it, topped with tender, seasoned lamb, spinach leaves, red onions, and a mustard reduction sauce - which we both thought was interesting and tasty. The portions were very generous, and we couldn't finish our meals, so we took them back to the hotel. Hopefully the kisba is good as a cold breakfast. The drinks were were strong and affordable, though I recommend asking for a particular tequila if you're ordering a margarita (this is a very specific issue, since they specialize in martinis, and I happen to be a tequila fan), since the well tequila isn't one of my favorites. I ordered mine with Don Julio Blanco, and it was refreshing as can be. The service was good. Our server was very friendly, although she seemed to have a giant section. We never wanted for anything, but if we were picky, I could imagine that we might have. Lucky for me, I'm easy! Overall, the place was pleasant and fun. Thanks to you Phoenix YELPers who recommended it, and thanks to FEZ for delivering such a quality experience.
5	I've been to Fez twice, so I'm overdue for a review.There isn't much to be said that hasn't been said already.  The cinnamon-dusted sweet potato fries are, well, sublime - and I don't even like sweet potatoes.The burgers are just about the best ever!  I was reluctant to try the fabled Fez burger -- cinnamon pears???  WTF???  But oh, my mind was changed with the first bite.  Heavenly....The service has always been great too.  Fez is a gem, no doubt about it!
5	Yep, FEZ is awesome.  Great friendly service, excellent eats, good drinks, atmosphere that doesn't quit.  Five stars - perfect hangout spot.
5	FEZ always seems like the right place, so it was a no-brainer when I decided to take my boyfriend there for his birthday. He's a huge fan of lamb, and I'm convinced that no one does lamb better than FEZ. We started out with the FEZ salad which has become my absolute favorite salad. Toasted almonds, goat cheese, cinnamon pears and dried cherries; my mouth is watering. After finishing our incredible salad, we shared the lamb kisra. I had never had a kisra before, and wasn't really even sure what it was, but we decided to give it shot. For those of you who haven't yet experienced a FEZ kisra, you are missing out! It was (for lack of a better description) a flat herb pizza with lamb, tomatoes, spinach and feta cheese with a lemon basil dressing. Holy cow, it was so delicious! I absolutely cannot wait to go back to FEZ and have another one. As for drinks, I wanted to try the Apricot Chardonnay Wine "Fuzion." I was really in the mood for something sweet, and this completely hit the spot- twice! Can't say it enough, I love this place!
5	Had a great lunch today at FEZ (thanks Yelp!).  I had the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich with the sweet potato fries.  Yummy!  This place has multiple kinds of fries you can pick, how cool is that?  Very trendy decor, not overly busy (didn't have to wait for a table), good service.  See ya soon!
4	If you like blaring house music, kisras and strong mixed drinks, FEZ may be your new special place. I'm a big fan of the the latter two, so I put up with the house music. Perhaps I don't totally fit into the FEZ clientele, as I typically go for the more chill-out spots, but the quality here is hard to ignore. The restaurant is really a beautiful space. They did a great job with the interior and the covered patio is excellent year round. And that couch/lounge space against the far wall: one of the comfiest spots in Phoenix.But don't overlook the food. I've seen countless reviews of FEZ, both on Yelp and otherwise, where people say the food is bland. I don't agree. There are big flavors here. They mix antioxidant-packed fruits, strong cheeses, excellent sauces and quality grilled meats. Everything I've tasted has been a flavorful explosion.I'm not much of a martini kind of guy, but this place has quite the selection. If I didn't own an Adam's apple, I'd probably go for that chocolate one. Like five times in a row. I'll stick with the margaritas, which are surprisingly good despite the fare being far from Mexican. Plus, you can stumble a few steps outside onto the light rail when you're done.
5	Have to write a quick update because this week I visited FEZ twice with my in-laws since they are in town. After picking them up from the airport, I took them to FEZ for brunch - this was my first time trying the brunch and I can say for certain that I will be back. Loved my breakfast panini and it was just the right amount of food. My in-laws loved the frittata and eggs benedict.After being wowed by brunch, my in-laws insisted on going back for dinner. The $5 martinis on Tuesday night were awesome - my mother in law is determined to figure out the apricot martini so she can make them at home! As always the FEZ burger, the rosemary chicken sandwich, and sweet potato fries were delish. According to my inlaws the lamb kisra was great and heated up well the next day for lunch.FEZ is still the go-to place for good food, good atmosphere, and good people.
5	The other day I was reading my past reviews when i relized that I never reviewed Fez! I couldn't believe it!! So I decided to wait for a VERY special occasion to give my review... and what better occasion is there than my 100th review?! And then came the next problem... which Fez experience do I share? Do I talk about the first time I went to Fez? Last summer when I went to my first Yelp Elite event where I first met their Sweet Potato Fries? That are so fresh and crispy and sweet and salty at the same time with their honey mustard type sauce? I remember those trays were vanishing before my eyes! I also can't forget the Fez kirsa with it's barbequed sauced grilled chicken, pears and cilantro melted on a large flatbread with manchego cheese. Or do I talk about the time I caught brunch at Fez? I had the ever amazing Fez burger! I feel in love with their savory angus burger layered with pear and cheese on a chibatta bun, best lunch ever - even if the salad that it comes is a little on the bitter side. My cousin had the breakfast pasta. A bowl of sausage, peppers, onions, bacon melded together with scrambled eggs and finished off with parmesan cheese. My sister really enjoyed her Douxelle Burger with it's chibatta bun, angus beef, mushrooms, onions, provolone cheese, mustard and tomatos. What about the yelp happy hour at Fez? Where my good buddy Robert M. introduced me to their pomegrantini... make it double pleez! Loves it.... I also tried their habanero poppers... sweet, spicy, creamy and crunchy at the same time! They're off menu ya'll but they are ALWAYS what I look forward to! just don't touch your eyes after popping one! Oh and their hummus!! Garlicky creamed chikpeas with olive oil and served with warm kisra. So delish! And then there was the time I went to Fez for Queer Christmas. The queens were abound trading vinyl copies of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's Sings and a photo session with tranny santy with yours truely behind the lens! That was such an awesome night, but it wouldn't have been as amazing if it weren't for the crazy-awesome bartenders who were keeping them coming!Or what about the time I went for my beloved Thomas' birthday party? We were tossing back Tommitinis all night long! I introduced all of ya'll to my good friend who helped me to break the ice with some strangers and helped me to attack a platter of their Rosemary Chicken Sandwiches... we drunkenly immersed ourselves in its goodness!! Rosemary/lemon marinated grilled chicken topped with pesto, artichokes and bell peppers. It was so good, I took some home!!That event inspired me to give the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich a try when my mom and I happened to drop by for dinner one day. She really liked her fez lettuce wraps but found them difficult to eat... "It's so long! I can't fit it in my mouth!" she exclaimed... "Ummm... that's usually a good thing mom!" was my smart ass retort. lol... once she figured it out, happily declared them better than P.F. Chang's! haha!! Aren't moms cute?! I liked the Casablanca Sandwich, I found that the grilled chicken, goat cheese, pears, cherries and other various greens on a chibatta buns go VERY well with Fez's S&P fries. A combo, I think shouldn't ever be separated! Yup... I'm not sure which experience I'll write about in my yelp review! All I know is that everytime I leave Fez I'm stuffed and eliated that I went, and that ain't the booze talking! One of the best things about Fez is that even though it's uber-slick and crazy-mod in decor... it still feels like home! I go and I know I'll see a friend... or atleast someone I drunkenly hit on inbetween drink orders! My ONLY complaint is that sometimes the servers need to be reminded of what you just asked for. I once ran out of the sauce for the sweet potato fries and needed to ask for some three times before I got it. Another thing I'll need to think of when I do write my Fez review... is what is my message going to be to my yelpers? I think I'll say something like... Hurry up and GO! What has been keeping you?! Sure it's uber-sleekness may seem cold at first, but once you sit down and get comfortable, it becomes home. Give the sweet potato fries a go and try the Fez burger - you won't regret eaither! The people there are very cool and of course there's THOMAS!! The host with the most! Always with something crazy to say. He keeps the party rockin'! If there's ONE thing you need to know about Fez it's that you are about to have a good meal. Yup... I think I'll write something along those lines! I unno... whatcha'll think?
4	:::::UPDATE:::::We were in the mood for something different last night and after hearing Bobby C from Salon Surreal rave about FEZ,  I convinced  my people that we should give it another shot (see previous review as to why I had to convince them).  Shortly after I posted my last review, I got an email from FEZ saying that they were sorry for the experience we had and offered to treat me and my people to a meal on the house.  I respectfully declined this offer of free food and special service and opted instead to go below the radar (I don't complain to get free stuff, I post these in hopes of causing change).So, last night the service was good, I'd say at minimum an A-, which is a great improvement over the previous 4 visits.  The recession plate was really good this month and the Sweet Potato Fries with Cinnamon were to die for (as usual).  We all agreed that we will put FEZ back into our rotation and start visiting with regularity.  The only reason for only 4 stars is the wine selection could be larger with a couple of varietals of house wine.
4	I finally have had a few selections at FEZ now and feel I can throw in my two cents. I like this place. It is sort of in an unassuming place along Central Ave, next to a FedEx store. The interior is pretty damn cool though! They have a bar up front with some high top tables. What I like is, the bar is sort of separated from the rest of the place by some smoked glass partitions. There is ample seating inside and on the patio, with also a small loungy area. The dishes I have tried are as follows: the douxelle burger, the arugula and shrimp pizza, some sort of fried chicken sandwich, and of course, the sweet potato fries. The burger is really tasty, but I will say it can be a bit salty. Not sure what did it. The pizza was really good. It had a cream sauce on it, so if you are not hip to the bovine milk steer clear. The chicken sandwich was good, but not amazing. The sweet potato fries with apricot aioli? Holy Shnikes!!! The cinnamon and salt on the fries are like a celebration in your mouth! They are worth the price of admission. The service has always been spot on and have never had any problems. I have been with a big group and small and they had no problem accommodating the big one in the lounge area. Candy, I believe, has been my server two times and has been fun and bubbly both times. Thomas S even comes over to say hi. Nice touch! I had my first amaretto on the rocks here. Fell in love!!!
4	I was a little put off when some of the reviewers mentioned how "Gay Friendly" the restaurant was.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered how tasty the food was and how inviting the atmosphere was!  We started with their garlicky hummus (and an apple martini for me.)  The server was a bit confused because we had three parties who wanted the hummus and he only brought out one plate (probably better to be conservative on that, I guess.)  The kisra flat bread was tasty and the hummus excellent.  My son and I each had a lamb kisra (we had plenty of leftovers and could easily have split one order), my wife had a bread-less burger, and my two daughters had a chicken sandwich and burger respectively.  The youngest didn't care for the garlic spread and my wife's milk and dairy restricted diet meant they didn't enjoy their meals as much, but my son and I were very happy.  They even brought out a birthday brownie and ice cream!  All-in-all, I'd go again, but since the others in my party didn't have as good a time, I might just come back with my wife.  While the restaurant might be "gay friendly," unless you're extremely thin-skinned, you won't be made to feel unwelcome and the food more than makes up for anything else.  Prices were reasonable.
3	We ate there this past weekend and I the food was top notch.  The value for the dollar seems to be a bit lacking.  $10 for hummus was about 1/2 what it could/should have been.  It tasted wonderful but $10 was too steep.  The lamb shanks my wife ordered were $23 and again, great taste but quite expensive for what you got.  Apple Martini was $10 and a Stella Artois on tap was about the same.The one thing I really didn't like was the very loud music.  Seemed to 80's and kind of affected the mood.  I almost felt I was shouting over the music.  The service was good and the food was very savory.  If you are looking for something unique, this is definitely worth a consideration.
4	I love Fez.  First off, their sweet potato fries are really very good.  Also, they give you this frosting-like stuff to dip them in, super sweet, but I've got a serious sweet tooth, so that's right up my alley.I've had all of their salads with maybe one exception and I like them ALL.  They definitely know how to make a good salad.  You won't go wrong if you pick one that sounds good to you...but I'd get the one with strawberries.  I've ordered it four times or so, and every damn time, the strawberries are top notch.  I'm a sucker for a good strawberry, can you tell?Also, get one of their soups.  Either one is fine, just pick the one that sounds good to you.  The spicy carroty one is my favorite.The only constructive criticism that I can offer is that they are a bit heavy-handed in the salt department, and they need to clean up the outside patio.  It's fine at night, but when I've eaten there during the day, I have seen that it is really kind of dumpy and the furniture isn't as clean as it should be.  I'm sure that Central Avenue is a very dusty place, but that's why god gave us wet rags and Simple Green!  Scrub, scrub, scrub!
1	I get it. I get it. EVERYONE loves FEZ, and EVERYONE loves their sweet potato fries, blah, blah, blah. Yes, I agree. The food is great. I love their salads. I love their pomagranate margaritas. But you know what I love even more? Being acknowledged when I show up to spend my hard-earned money at a restaurant. I hadn't been to FEZ for over a year because I had a horrible encounter with the wait staff on a particularly slow Thurdsay night in December. I brought an out of town friend for dinner because I had been raving about the food to her forever. I was a regular. I lived in their hood. I believe in supporting local restaurants, especially the great ones. So we show up. Very few diners, lots of wait staff. We were promptly seated and then ignored for over 20 minutes. No water, no silverware, no "I'll be with you in a minute." Nothing. So I was getting pissed. I signaled a server from across the room simply to ask him who our server was and instead of coming over, he held up a finger to me to suggest I continue to wait and then he turned and continued to flirt with the guy he was talking to. He wasn't even working. He was chit-chatting. So we got up and headed for the exit. As we passed he said, "Are you guys leaving?" Um. Clearly. I haven't been back. Doesn't matter how great the food is. I work too hard and there are too many other restaurants in CenPho that need the support to waste my time and money on those who don't want to waste their time on me. Moral of the story: I'm done with FEZ. I respectfully decline when my friends are all going, and to their lovely credit and support, they usually will go elsewhere too. Although I know they're sick of me telling the story of why FEZ is on my black list. So kids, spent your money elsewhere. Sweet potato fries are a dime a dozen.
5	Yeah, so I was at FEZ for 5 hours last night.  We had some drinks and some food and a good time was had by all.  Service is always better when there is a group of 4 or more.  I noticed the look of the menu changed and that freaked me out.  My beloved lamb is more expensive than ever, but that isn't gonna stop me.  The tall attractive guy with the trendy glasses was a great server, but I am beyond remembering his name.  Just go!
5	Fez is RIGHT down the street from where I work, hence due to its location + general fabulousness, it has become a regular spot for happy hour.Here's What we LOVE about Fez:-Sweet Potato Fries (sooo good--sprinkled with cinnamon by the way)-Kisra and Hummus!-The Black Bean Burger (the first time I ordered it, I asked the server: "Now, is this one of those really bad black bean burgers or does it actually taste good?"  She said, "I totally know what you mean, no this one is good."-and she was right!)-Margarita Mondays (aka 2 for one Margaritas--check out the pomegranate one!!)-The atmosphere--blue and green tones while still being warm-The friendly service-The close proximity to light railHere's what we don't like as much:-The slow service (sometimes it gets kind of bad, I feel like you have to be an active restaurant goer and hail down your server--otherwise you may never get to order, get more water/another drink, or get your check)-When happy hour ends (I mean, who likes that anywhere?)Fez makes me very happy to work in downtown Phoenix.
4	In Scottsdale on business and went here Friday night with the girls before First Fridays downtown. The ambiance was really cool and the service was great, a cute waiter from Australia was certainly not a bad thing. Took a while to get seated outside, this place really gets hoppin on Friday nights, especially during first Fridays. The food was pretty good and the portions were huge so everyone had leftovers. Great drinks! My apricot margarita was super delish. We ordered the kisra and hummus app, black bean veggie burger, salad and sweet potato fries. All good choices. Liked the decor, it was classy and upscale..kind of a change for central Phoenix. The clientele made me feel like I was back home in San Fran. Great happy hour specials as well. Worth checking out for sure, will go again the next time I'm in town.
4	I had been to Fez for drinks (which are good) but had never been there for food before last night. I've heard for a while now how amazing their burgers are. I have to admit they lived up to the hype. I had the all American burger and it was one of the best burgers in town. It was cooked just right with lots of cheese and a  yummy garlic aoli sauce. And it was huge!  It was a half pound burger cut in half so basically two burgers. Easily big enough to share. My only dissapointment was with the fries. There were 5 of us and we ordered 2 baskets of fries. The sweet potato fries and the rosemary and garlic. They were both good ( good portions too) but they didn't blow me away. The burger more than made up for the fries and I look forward to eating there again.
4	It's jard to judge Fez on the hour I spent there but the service was friendly and prompt. The Krisas we enjoyed was tasty enough and the garlic and rosemary fries were delicious.I will be back for a full dinner.
5	Wow.  Simply wow.  The food is awesome here.But I'm jumping the gun a bit.  The first thing I noticed was that FEZ is an incredibly "life-style friendly" place.  I was surprised since we were in the desert and not in, oh say, San Francisco.  So, needless to say, the waitstaff were nice and friendly and the crowd was "diverse."  And given the, um ambiance, the menu was similarly very edgy with a lot of different combinations of ingredients.  We started with 3 items that I saw while skimming through Yelp reviews (by the way Yelpers, thanks) - FEZ FRIES (cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries - I was addicted to these), SEAFOOD KIBIS (crispy lobster & shrimp risotta cakes with pesto aioli - think crab cakes except with lobster and shrimp, I didn't really taste the lobster in this dish, but the shrimp really jumped out at you with some robust flavors), and the LAMB KISRA (think gyro pizza, tasty!).Since Yelp reviewers also raved about the FEZ BURGER (1/2 pound grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta), but the DUCK BREAST (served medium rare) special also sounded good, so we split those entrees.  I think the Fez burger is simply THE best burger I've ever had.  Extremely flavorful.  The duck breast was good, but I've had much better (I thought the duck skin was not as seared and crispy as it could have been).To complete the meal, our waiter highly recommended the SILKY MARSCAPONE CHEESECAKE (light, rich, smooth, and everything a cheesecake should be).  The ALMOND SHORTCAKE was lathered with fresh strawberries.  I didn't care that much for the shortcake itself, but the strawberries were tasty.I love this place and will be back before leaving at the conclusion of the conference.
5	Torn between review Fez Foodies, the periodic event that allows patrons to participate in sampling yet-to-be-added menu item and tweak them based on responses and the actual restaurant that hosts said event and providing a CenPho restaurant that combines innovative cuisine with ambiance and amazing service, I settled on the latter. Because without the brick-and-mortar there would be no former. So, tonight for the first time Robert M and I joined the Fez Foodies for a sneak peak at a few items that will be coming to a plate near you. The raspberry spinach salad was wonderful. The steak with mushrooms and smashed red potatoes might need another consideration but was still a pleasant entree. Honestly, I look forward to returning and getting these items, because Fez actually takes customer input/suggestions and applies them. Fez is one of those locations where I've never gotten anything but terrific service and a great meal. I'm fond of the garlic and rosemary fries but my coworkers and friends and strangers on the light rail think I should limit myself on these as some people don't appreciate the proven medical benefits of bucket-loads of garlic and shovelfuls of rosemary. Tools. Not surprisingly, Thomas was a peach of a host. Forgive me if I seemed disinterested in conversation: we just returned from Rim Country and that experience killed my ass.
5	Wow yummy doesn't begin to describe the feelings my taste buds conveyed to me . I was one of a just a few people invited to try out food at the FEZ Foodie event by the  infamous  Thomas.  Okay maybe he invited more than a few people , but I sure felt special tonight as we tried raspberry salad with blue cheese, white balsamic and lovely little raspberries. So delish. My  husband, yes the noble  plus one , ate not only the special flat iron steak with red smashed potatoes, he also ordered a fez burger as well which he pronounced the best thing ever. Yes he can eat alot.Who knew the FEZ burger would come with so many lovely tastes at once and even snuck in ..pears? So good , no wonder Jim W. is rumored to have eaten one everyday this week.  We also enjoyed the cheescake, I had to yell  at my husband not to eat the whole thing , the ideas was to share a piece of cheesecake not leave one bite for the wife. Drinks were nice my "special drink" was vodka-ey and citrusey but I can't quite remember the name .My friend Monica ( she won the magnum opus of wine )   had a great martini drink with red stuff that tasted so yummy. And it had a gummy worm  , how cute! We loved the decor, feel and fun of FEZ and are already planning our next trip back .  Thanks again Thomas.
5	So Thomas gets bored, or whatever, and decides to do another Foodies event just for Yelpers.  Timing wise it crossed over in to the 5-8 pm time for their regular Foodies event.  The end result is a bunch of us get to enjoy his hospitality and some special items not on the regular menu.  I also got the chance to see some of my Yelp friends and meet a few more.I started off with a Sam Adams summer ale and the first plate of delicious Hummus and bread came out, I had to stop at 3 if I was going to keep going.  Deb and Monica had a really tempting order of sweet potato fries that they kept ooing and aahing over but I resisted.  Then came a spinach salad with raspberries, walnuts, blue cheese and a vinaigrette of some sort. Then came the entree of grilled flat iron steak, mashed red skin potatoes and asparagus all covered over in a sauce.  To Chad's, our server, credit he described in great detail what was on the plates but I am lucky I remembered the main components.  I finished my gluttony off with a slice of cheesecake topped with some sort of sweet stuff.  I was sure I was going to need help getting to my car.Thank you Thomas for throwing another really great UYE/foodie gathering!(edited after learning some new things)
4	I've never been to a Fez Foodies event.  I guess I lost my virginity here?  Despite a lot of apologizing and "I'm sorry's" it was the best 2 minutes of my life!  I knew I was in for a big surprise when Chad the server said something about "nuts on my salad."  My heart skipped a beat!Anyways, I digress.  I arrived promptly at 4pm.  As the evening went on, more people showed up.  Exciting! yay!Anyways, I skipped the salad for one reason only.  BLUE CHEESE.  Blue cheese is very overpowering in my opinon, and I dislike it.  Is there an option for other cheeses to go on top of the salad????  I dunno.  OMG but the food was amazing!  It was steak, potatos and asparagus.  Asparagus was done correctly.  Not soggy, but not to firm.  tasty.  Potatos were redskins, and I could have made a meal out of that alone!!  Steak was juicy and cooked to perfection!At the end of the event, Thomas handed out prizes.  I won a tray and a hat. It made me feel very special.  lol.  Thank you thomas!We were given the option of a salad with blue cheese, nuts
5	For those of you in the dark ages, or perhaps new to Yelp or FEZ, FEZ Foodies is not just for Yelpers.  It's actually open to everyone the 2nd and 4th Sundays of each month from 5pm -8pm I believe.  It's a wonderful opportunity to sample new dishes that may or may not make it to the big leagues (the FEZ menu) someday.  If you choose to order one of these new creations, you're asked to critique the dish, make suggestions, etc.  That's right.  Someone actually wants your opinion even if it's to say "well that tasted like crap."I attended my first Foodies event last night as part of a Yelp event organized by the host with the most, Thomas S, and I am certain it won't be the last.  This is a fantastic concept!  And with the unbearable temps just around the corner, there's no better way to spend a Sunday afternoon than sipping a cocktail and being a backseat chef!As a side note, if there's no special dessert offered to tempt you, get the almond shortbread.  This FEZ version of strawberry shortcake is seriously the best dessert I can recall having in a LONG time!
5	You know I love a place when I'm only in town for less than a week and I frequent it twice.  The second time actually disappointed me a little, but not enough for me to stop loving this place.The second go around, we sampled two other appetizers:  FEZ LETTUCE WRAPS (minced grilled chicken with dried pears, dates, dried cherries, almonds, pomegranate vinaigrette & romaine cups - simply tasty, I think one of the best lettuce wraps out there!) and CHICKEN PHYLLO PACKETS (crisp baked phyllo filled with spinach, marinated chicken, roasted red bell peppers & feta cheese - it was good, not great, but consistently FEZ has shown they know their sauces).The item I was disappointed with was the CHILEAN SEA BASS (8 oz filet oven roasted with herb oil, bell pepper coulis, roasted red potatoes & grilled asparagus - now the menu says oven roasted, but what I got was deep fried.  And it just didn't taste like good chilean sea bass.  So, I'd avoid that next time).I ended the meal with the CHOCOLATE MOUSSE (again good, but not great).
4	On a particularly empty Wednesday night, I ate at the bar and really enjoyed my meal.  I went small, a half salad (unless you are morbidly obese or have a second head growing out of your body, stick with the half-salad) and one of the apps.  They were both outstanding and delicious.  The bartender tried to talk me into a burger -- the burgers they have on their menu look amazing -- but it wasn't in the cards for me.I'd love to come back and have a proper meal, burger or one of their entrees.  Nice atmosphere, too and cool music.
4	I arrived in Phoenix a little after lunchtime last Tuesday afternoon and with a nod of approval from my mom, headed directly for FEZ. I didn't really care much what was on the menu because I mainly wanted to go to finally meet Thomas S. who has been a Yelp "friend" of mine and is now a FB friend as well. The restaurant wasn't terribly busy because it was after 1, and the first thing I got a kick out of was the eclectic music mix that ran throughout the restaurant. I found myself singing along a little too much and luckily, my mom is used to that so it was no big deal. She ordered the lamb kisra and a decaf coffee. I had the burger (without a bunch of stuff because I am picky like that) and a diet coke. The kisra was fabulous-different than anything either of us had ever had, and wonderful. My burger was good, but the kisra took the prize. Service was friendly, Thomas a doll and I am really glad I had an opportunity to check this place out. Central Ave. has changed a hell of a lot since I moved back to the Bay Area 6 years ago, and with additions like this place, it has been for the better.
5	Wow. The BEST burger I've ever had. Yes. I mean it. I've been alive for 28 years and this Fez makes the most delish burger man has ever created. I didn't think a burger could be so good. It was so juicy and flavorful and creative my mind was literally blown. They had to clean my brains off the patio. I had some sort of martini too. I don't remember what it was called but it was nothing short of brilliant. My girlfriend ordered a martini as well. Her's was the "key lime" variety. It was even more amazing than mine. The rim of the glass was coated with, get this... super fine graham cracker dust. Genious. Fez is classy too. I've never been to a restaurant where the standard side for a burger is a salad. If want fries you actually have to pay an additional 2 dollars. Honestly, I almost wish I could give it four and a half stars. The uber modern decor was a little cold and harsh. The dance music was loud enough that it made it hard to communicate with my waitress. I never liked Britney Spears and whatever remix I heard didn't make the song any better, just longer.  But then again, who am I? I can't make a burger like that and I had a great time. 5 Stars!
4	I finally had a Fez burger!  meh.  I went away less than amazed but it was my own fault.  I ordered what was popular rather than what I thought would appeal to my palate.  I had a Fez burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  Both the pears and the bbq sauce were sweet as was the cinnamon on the fries.  For me it was just too much sweet in one dinner.  What I will order next time is a different burger and I was informed I could order the sweet potato fries with just the dipping sauce without the sugar/cinnamon dusting.  And those fries are not the thin soggy ones I had had elsewhere, they are nice and crisp on the outside and stand up quite well on their own.  The burger came out a perfect medium and I did not ask to have it less the cilantro, which I don't care for, so I could have the burger in it's normal form.  I did take the cilantro off the second half.  I happen to like burgers on ciabatta bread so that was fine. This visit was sort of spur of the moment.  I had found out where I was meeting folks for a couple of drinks that evening did not serve food and I decided food was in order first.  As I was driving across town on Indian School it didn't take me long to realize how close I would be to Fez!  I got there during the last 1/2 hour of happy hour and the parking lot was packed and I started wondering if I was going to be able to sit anywhere.  I was greeted by Thomas, the GM, almost immediately and he asked what kind of atmosphere I wanted and I explained I was just looking to grab a quick burger on the way to someplace.  He found me a spot in a quiet corner that was perfect.  I had my water right away and my server showed up quickly and took my order.  The wait for the food was reasonable, especially just finishing up happy hour.  My server stopped by on a regular basis and Thomas came by just as I was finishing to hear any comments I had.I went away happy I had chosen Fez for dinner.
4	"Tell Thomas the Russians are here."Oh yeah- rolling in like the Russky mafiosos we [pretend to be].I love Fez. I love Fez for drinks. I love Fez for sweet potato fries. I love Fez for Sunday morning brunch.The "best egg white omelette you'll ever has" truly is the best egg white omelette I have ever had. The champagne drinks are tasty (and cheap on Sunday morning). I already mentioned the sweet potato fries. They are covered in cinnamon sugar... mmm... fried and sugar. The black bean burger was tasty too. The burger was moist and just a little spicy. The goat cheese spread that came with it was not too tangy as some goat cheese is, in fact it complimented the burger very nicely.The Russians will roll by soon.
4	I have only been to Fez a few times, but I haven't had a bad experience yet.  The ambiance is chill with a trendy LA vibe. Service is good and the servers are friendly. They have good cocktails, the salads are fresh and are topped with out of this world dressings, and the harissa fries are brilliant.  The veggie burger is a hit or miss.  If they get it right it is delicious, but sometimes they overcook it.  I look forward to trying their Sunday Brunch.  Overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Fez.
4	Went to Fez for Holly O's B-day - we took up 2 big tables and the service on one table was excellent while the service on the other was sub par to say the least. (Food and refills came much later for them sadly).But besides that and the fact that the boys were wearing their Fez hats yet no one seemed to get it...the food was awesome. Everyone ordered something different and each item looked, smelled and tasted delicious.Their drinks were also quite yummy and I can say that we will be going back again and again. (Keeping in mind which waitress to avoid.)
3	FEZ... The two times that I went it was in the afternoon on the weekend. Both times, I was able to enjoy a great lunch with my sister and cousin and then again with my sister. The two dishes I liked were the FEZ burger and the Casa Blanca Chicken.  The berry shortcake was good, however the water from the strawberries sort of killed the whipped cream and the shortcake (biscuit) was very good.Overall the environment during those times were peaceful and quiet. The staff offered advice on the menus. The price a little high for my wallet but I would definitely come back to splurge with great company in tow.
4	When your writing the 187th review for a restaurant there is a small part of you that begs to ask the question do you honestly think you have anything new, exciting, or insightful to add..... even Hemingway might have shied away until some prestigious number like 200 rolled around. But I'm sure as hell not Hemingway, so let's roll the dice.With little doubt it's an absolutely certainty that the food has been glowingly covered in one aspect or another in the previous 186 reviews. It's a sure thing you can randomly pick almost any review and find people raving over Fez burgers, lamb kisra, sweet potato fries, and Hummus. First off the sweet potato fries are good, not just good but the kind of good that they would have burned you at the stake over during  the dark ages, the Catholic church has sins that pale in comparison to the fries. The lamb was at least equally remarkable, in my book if you kill something that sweet and innocent it should at least be handed over to a damn fine kitchen, it melted in your mouth. It was the kind of thing that made you want to go steal a truck load of the little bastards and roll them up to the backdoor of Fez so you could have it all. The desserts will not leave you disappointed, but they will put your dentist's kids through college. The chocolate mousse is so good you'll want to bathe in it, they must have sacked a South American coco plantation for that one. The bar is well stocked and knows how to put together a strong drink as well. I'm not talking some scamp behind the counter mixing the modern day equivalent of pirate grog, the drinks are good but still nothing short of what you would use to load up dart on the African savannah to knock down a bull elephant. Definitely takes the edge off a bad day.The restaurant interior is contemporary yet comfortable with excellent lighting. I'm sure in the previous 186 reviews some poor bastard that was hard up for something new to say has even remarked about the bathrooms being well decorated and clean. He would be right but still you poor sod, get a life and talk about the patio or something entertaining. The only issues I've ever had at Fez have been service related, while the staff have always been professional and very friendly, there have been several times when the service was a tad spotty respective to drink refills, informing the dinner party of the specials, and minor issues like the time the server expected me to tackle cutting my steak with a spoon.Obviously, you don't write the 187th review for fortune and glory. At this stage it's all about the statistical base respective to enforcing that Fez is an excellent restaurant and that if you haven't checked it out yet then you're obviously missing something.
4	What can I say that has not already been said about Fez? It's fun, it's inexpensive, it's convenient, and the drinks are great.In regards to the service, only once did I have an issue. We went during the lunch rush and waited several minutes for a table. The host forgot about us and ended up seating several other groups before I asked him about it. We ended up having to wait even longer. We were upset, but they offered us 5 drink coupons a piece for future visits. They made it right and since then I have had no problems.Personal food highlights include the burgers, rosemary chicken sandwich, the lamb, and the fries. They also have wine fusions. Ask the server about them. I remember the first time I ate at Fez. Something about it felt really different. I thought to myself  "Am I actually in Phoenix?" That feeling soon faded as I exited the restaurant and realized I was in a Kinko's parking lot. SIGH.  :)
3	I am hoping to increase the rating next time I go. Building cool and funService On point and friendlyFood Sounds great, great menu, good sizesSo why only 3?The traditional burger was good but not great. The price for the burger and salad was a bit high. 4-1=3The Chibatta bread was really good, the cheddar was really good, the veggies were good. The dijon was glopped in one place not evenly spread. The burger was cooked as requested  (med rare) but lacked any real texture. It was sort of mushy and not grilled much. The salad was good, just not my choice for dressings. I will mention that I love a good 1/2lb burger medium rare but the burger must be closer to 1/2 inch thich and have a grilled flavor and texture. This seemed more like a 1/4 inch and maybe previously frozen patty. ??I will go back because the rest of the menu looked amazing. The other lunchers seemed to enjoy thier food.
4	Yummy!  I love finding a delicious, big salad and I found the perfect one for me here - the Tomato Taza.  I got the whole size as a meal - a good amount of salad.  My 2 other girl friends liked their salads as well, and we shared the garlic and rosemary fries.  Very flavorful.Drinks were strong - just what I needed!  The fez-tini was a little sweet for my taste, but that's just me.  Service was so so unfortunately.....especially for 5:30pm and not busy.  Oh well.....we were enjoying our chats and 'tinis.  I'll definitely be back, and maybe then I'll have the guts to introduce myself to Thomas.  :)
3	Went to Fez for lunch on Saturday about 1 - not very crowded, about half the tables had 2 people at them - waited for about 10 minutes before our waiter came over and took our drink order and gave us our menus.  Drinks came - I had the orange margarita - awesome - one of the best margs I've had - I could actually taste the tequila - I like that.  We ordered our food, and it didn't take long before it was delivered to our table - I got the all american burger with garlic rosemary fries - pretty good stuff.  As far as appearance (cleanliness), someone needs to dust the upper areas of the restaurant - pretty dusty dirty up there, and the booth seating was covered in earlier patrons crumbs - that should just be cleaned automatically by the busser.  Sorry to be so critical, but I like it to be clean where I eat - good food and drinks - I'll go back next time I'm in the neighborhood ... probably sit at the bar!
4	Well, I suppose I will be echoing the majority of Yelpers on here when I say that I really love Fez and in my approximately dozen times eating lunch, dinner, or happy hour there, have not had a bad experience. Last night three of us headed to Fez after a day by the pool. It was around 8PM and the place was still hopping. We were seated quickly and our server was very prompt and friendly. We started with the hummus as always- which is one of my favorite appetizers, along with the lettuce wraps. (In fact, my mom only orders lettuce wraps when we come here) I had the Rosemary chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries, and it was delicious as well. I think Fez probably has the best sweet potato fries in town. Overall, I think Fez is a great example of how downtown Phoenix could be.
4	You can't browse a yelp talk-thread without hearing mention of Fez.  You hear Fez is amazing.  You hear Fez is overrated.  I decided to kind of zone out what everyone had been saying and try it for myself and see what I thought.My friend came in from out of town and I wanted to take him somewhere sort of out of the way.  Just to show him around.  We ate at a few places close by, but I wanted him to get a full-on Phoenix experience.  It was brutally hot out that day, too so I wanted to show him, basically, that Phoenix isn't necessarily the Devil's armpit.  There's cool stuff, too.To make it complete, we took the light rail there.  It was a strange journey getting there.  First, the goddamn kiosk fucked me out of two tickets.  I paid for 'em but I didn't get 'em spit out.  I told a light rail security guard and he just said, "Drop my name..." if asked to show my ticket.  Seemed dubious, but I never got asked to show my ticket so it sort of worked out.  Then, once on the light rail, this annoying drunk dude and drunk chick were being totally belligerent.  They wanted to know somewhere fun to go.  Every place I dropped, they were like, "We're not going there!  We don't want to go there!  That's not what we're doing!  What the fuck?!" and started to really get on my nerves.  I finally told 'em I wasn't their tour guide and to piss off... especially if you're gonna be rude about it.Finally, we got to Fez and I was like, "Man... I'm sorry that it's super hot and drunk people are being bitches."  We got in and it was pretty great right away.  Immediate seating and it was super air conditioned and I could feel my sanity slowly pump back into my brain.  I order the burger that's loaded with mushrooms and it was very, very good.  Everyone says to try the sweet potato fries.  Sorry, but I skipped.  I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes, but I did have their spicy fries and those little fuckers were amazing.Our waiter was so attentive and awesome and willing to bullshit with us, it made the experience a whole lot nicer, balancing out the oddness of the day that preceeded.I always have to mention a restaurant's bathroom.  I love it when they decide to make the can a place to enjoy.  Fez's bathroom was amazing.Dessert was amazing.  Brownie covered in ice-cream.  I wanted to marry it, but my dad would freak out and my mom.... she'd just sit there.  Based on my experience, it's a nice place to go and I would definitely go again, just to try their different burgers and maybe test the waters with their lamb plate.  It's not expensive and it really is delicious.
5	I just wanted to add my personal wonderful food and drink experience. I went for Brunch on Saturday with my husband and we are now fans of this place. There was nothing at all to say bad about FEZ.I had the eggs benedict and a Bellini and was in heaven with every bite and every sip!! The husband had the breakfast kisra and was moaning with happiness after every bite...I tasted it too and will try this for my next brunch visit. My husband had a Bellini as well and also had a honeydew melon margarita and both were divine!!Our server  was super cute and very sweet during our visit..he also was helpful with suggestions on what to order and also enlightened up on the happy hour specials.I will be back very soon and you have not tried FEZ you are missing out on a great experience.
4	This place my brother has been trying to get me to go.  So we went.  Drinks are really good.  My husband said the burger wasn't bad.  My salad was ok.  The dressing was the star.  Had the caesar dressing.  The only negative was the dust on the ceiling wires and food on the seats.  Other than that, we will be back for drinks at some point.
5	FEZ review 200.We knew we had to get out.  The noose was tightening every day and the continent was just too hot.She made the call well before we left for FEZ.  Our plans would work well as long as the papers we received passed muster.  We made it easily past the light rail Gestapo.  We strolled in casually and handed the envelope to the maitre de.  After a surreptitious glance inside he handed it back quietly and informed us, "Those will be fine tonight."  We were in.  We knew the smells of unique cuisine with a middle eastern flair were just the beginning and that by night's end we would have made it far from Casablanca.  Before we left we would enjoy the food, company and of course the conversation with him.  The one who, of all the FEZ joints, in all the towns, in all the world, walked into this one.I remember every detail.  Thomas wore blue, she wore black.  We were seated in the corner.  My back was to the crowd...exposed.  I wasn't sure what to order.  Then she said it, "If you leave here without a FEZ burger you'll regret it.  Maybe not today.  Maybe not tomorrow.  But soon and for the rest of your life."I knew she was right.  I'm no good at being noble.  But it doesn't take much to see that the problems of deciding what to order at FEZ don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.  So I ordered the FEZ burger but this time with sweet potato fries.  And I told our server as plainly as I could that I wanted a FEZ burger.  I wanted a FEZ burger.  A FEZ burger as though it were the very last FEZ burger.When the meal was over we had desserts.  Thomas had already rounded up the usual suspects.  How extravagant he is throwing around desserts like that.  Someday they may be scarce.Do make your way to FEZ.  There's no hurry. Tonight we may be at FEZ. Everybody comes to FEZ.Thomas, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
5	I drove through mad crowds on 4th of July to have my burger there. And it WAS worth it. Tasty Fez burger with a heap of sweet fries (Thomas, who IS on your fryer??? Give that person a raise. Those are probably best fried fries to my taste!!! Yummm..... ) and glass of cold Stella. All enjoyed in the company of Mr.Smith himself. What else any normal person can ask for!?!I just wish there was Fez II close to my neighborhood. Ohh well. Give me a reason to visit that part of the town.
4	I have been eating here for several years and have sent tons of people to eat here.So far none have ever had a bad experience. ( it is a super modern restaurant ) Now I wish I could say all the food is great, I am sure it is but I always get the same thing when I go here.Sigh I know I need to branch out more but I just love the burgers here and have to have one every time I go.They also have these Harriss fries that are to die for. They come with  a lemony type of white sauce and are soooooooooo good! However, all my friends say the other dishes are yummy too. One friend likes the brunch here. Check it out. PS- the first time we went here the owner pulled up a chair for a chat. Gotta love that!
3	Fez, I really want to love you. I really really do. My relationship with you is like that of a troubled lover - you're hot and you're cold. I've seen you a handful of times since my last review, and while I had one spectacular, spot-free, no complaints here visit, I had others that just affirmed what I had previously stated.Bad service.Come on now. You're a hot, sexy, chic, and gay friendly spot in central phoenix. Where are all of the hot sexy and chic gay waiters and waitresses? I find that gay people provide better service to me and my friends and I almost expected it here. But no, I got straight as a board goatee guy who moved at a million miles a minute, speaking so fast half of us could barely understand him. And it took a good 15 minutes to get a water, another 15 to get my drink, and another 15 to get my order in. As for the food, Fez, I love your food. I opted for the 5 dollar July special which was curry chicken and it was very good. Good combination of meat, veggies, and a carb (rice).  We also got the pistachio ceasar and phyllo chicken pockets. The chicken pockets were rather odd though, the chicken inside them was a weird texture, but I loved the sauce and the cheese inside of them. The drink I got was a honeydew melon margarita, which sounded good on paper, but didn't really deliver.Also, I don't know if it was due to the recent renovations on the patio (we were sitting inside), but the whole time I was eating it smelled somewhat like paint thinner.  Which surprisingly complimented the paint thinner-like taste of my margarita. Ugh, le sigh Fez.
3	Went back and tried the sweet potato fries... which seem to be the same kind they use at Delux only they are yummier there.  Not feeling the cinnamon and they were kinda soggy.Clientele was very loud - dinner crowd.  Made it hard to have a conversation without raising my voice higher than i think is appropriate for a dinner table.  Music still not my cup of tea - unnecessarily spirited.  Overall this place is not for me.  I don't think I'll return voluntarily.
4	Hooray Happy Hour!FEZ is a totally random location in terms of bar traffic, which probably explains why their closing hours are somewhat early yet nebulous.  Still, they have a happy hour from 10 until close that has great deals on well drinks, draft beer, and a small but tasty selection of appetizers.
5	Did you ever like a place so much that you were writing the review before you even got home? ... Memorable hummus ..oohhs and awws from my kiddos... hamburgers were tasty and talked about  for hours,  great waiter, kisra bed is fresh and tsty ... sweet potato fries with cinnamon , who would have thunk it., eaten by me like it's my last meal.. Great midweek- midday lunch. Yes in my head, that baby was written and done ..super duper  , but then I rechecked my writing to edit and where the  deuce is my review?...ahhh I never wrote it!! So in my hast  and FEz stupor I had not written it. Just imagined.Official review : Fez  has EPIC Hummus in my family's book . The kids were plotting with grandma how they could get back and get more hummus .. The plans continue as we found ourselves back in the neighborhood today ... " wow, sure want some more of that hummus"Sorry kids you are on your own ..if mommy finds any Fez hummus she is keeping it to herself..don't tell.  We will be back ...and soon.
4	Well We Went To FEZ Today For Lunch.I was warned about a few things.1. I will feel like I am 100 years old. Why, well because of all the pretty young things giving me the evil eye.2. I will hate the music.3. The service sucks. Because of the sweet young things which I was led to believe included the wait persons. The cast members today are, Bruce, Meredith and me, Mike.As we were entering we were discussing the fact about the patio is being remodeled. So when the Tall guy came to seat us he heard us talking and with a very questioning face and voice said "You want to sit out on the patio?"  Well of course we didn't it is well over 100 today. So we all chuckled about it and was seated at a nice cool table.  By the way Tall guy can be most guys as I am a Short guy.Another tall guy I believe his name is Chad came over to take our drink order. So I with the iced tea; brewed please, ~B lemonade and ~M coffee also an order of sweet potato fries.What we ate:~Me a FEZ burger m/r with no cilantro sided by the salad.~M a tan-tan chicken sandwich also with the salad.~B an all American burger with no mayo or cheese and must be VERY WELL DONE.All of us enjoyed the fries, they really were quite good. My burger was as I ordered. It is more burger than I can eat at one seating so home it went. Although I liked the salad for some reason each bite made me cough so ate little of it. It was a reaction to my allergies, not to do with the food. ~B his burger was VERY WELL DONE but did come with what looked like a version of mayo. He ate it and liked it with no result of death from suffering the indignities of the mayo.  He did change out his drink since the lemonade had little lemon flavour. ~M ate most of hers except the bun side with the baba ganoush spread on it; it was not to her liking.Chad at times is a little disconnected, but nothing to rant about. Now for the warnings.There we no pretty young things, so I felt my age ;-{)I liked the music and why anyone who knows me would think I would not is beyond me.The service does not suck. Although Chad is a nice looking guy as were all the wait people they do not qualify as pretty young things and they were all friendly. I must admit I was fascinated by the REALLY TALL blond guy. He was not our wait person but I enjoyed watching his face when talking to his customers, very expressive. I did Spy Thomas. I believe he was just coming in. He is very well put together.Yeah I will be back.
2	Fez is the one restaurant I expected to be treated better at.  I went there one June evening with a gay friend.  I was dressed in a skimpy but fun costume (if a bit over the top), as I was on my way to some parties later on.  After all, those of you that know me know this is how I roll.  It's certainly legal, and the leather shorts are very short.  Yet Fez refused to serve me.  I was summarily ejected hardly a minute after I set foot in the joint.  This is the same costume that has passed muster at many other locations, including the light rail and many other bars and restaurants, but not Fez.     Now, that being said, on past trips, the food has been good, but any place that would do such a thing canot receive a maximum recommendation.  I'm partial to the cinnamon/cumin soup, but I won't be dining here again voluntarily.  I'll take my restaurant business to Ticoz or Roscoe's on 7th if I need to eat out.
4	Last night I met up with a few friends at FEZ. It was due to the fact that we wanted to go somewhere centrally located for all of us and I wasn't in the mood to make any decisions. I had never been there before and wasn't sure what to expect. I walked out extremely impressed. The interior design is pretty damn cute. It's brightly colored and dimly lit which made me happy. Orange table top? Yes please. My friends had already ordered a phylo dough appetizer by the time I got there that had grilled chicken, spinach and some other amazing thing in it with red pepper aoli. I could've eaten this all night. It was so soft and even though I knew what was in it, it was a delightful taste that was better than I expected. The pomegranate fusion I had to drink was pretty delish. A juicy orange was prettily sitting atop of it too. It caught me off guard as being a little strong, but in a good way. Not in a, I really feel like I'm drinking rubbing alcohol kind of way. While the special of the day sounded o tempting and is usually what I like to try at an establishment, I knew I wouldn't be able to eat it. Instead I ordered a chicken sandwich (cannot believe I forget the name) that had grilled chicken, greens, pears, dried cherries, and a pomegranate vinaigrette with a side of sweet potato fries. As it was I could only stomach about half of it even though my taste buds wanted me to finish every last bit of that sandwich. I think I could eat that every day. The sweet potato fries were good, but I have to admit I think I like delux's better. While the staff was attentive, we were one of two tables there due to it being almost closing so I can't validate how the staff is on a typical day. So much of the menu looked fantastic, and I will definitely be back.
4	I went here on a date because it looked like a pretty trendy spot. From their online menu the drink menu also looked pretty cool. That being said I had no idea they would have an excellent burger. I was super surprised how good it was, definitely one of the best in the area. I did start noticing after that, that their burger was ranked on a few lists for best in the valley. I also enjoyed their chicken lettuce wraps and their french fries. I would like to try some other things on their menu, but to be honest I'm sure if I went back I would get that hamburger with bleu cheese again.
5	Oh Feztini, you're so sweet you made me blush....or maybe it was the three kinds of alcohol that did it.  Your savory friends were just as pleasing...what with the seafood kibis (like a crab cake, but it didn't make me break out in hives...I think I found a new love!) and the chicken phyllo packets.  But what made both of them that much better was the pesto aioli and roasted red pepper aioli that went with them.  How is it that when you put 'aioli' at the end of something, it's always SO good?  Then, there's my new BFF, the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich. Moist chicken breast, creamy salty goat cheese, and sweet cherries, pears, and raspberry vinaigrette...does that just make your mouth water?Everyone was very happy with their order, and I did get a chance to try a piece of the lamb kisra.  The lamb was so moist and flavorful, if I weren't already bursting full, I might have wanted one.  That one's for my next visit, for sure.The decor is spectacular.  I was tempted to try to sneak out with one of those adorable green stools.  The glass panels were tre-chic...I only wish I had the same look in my studio.I also have to make mention that our server was very nice and attentive.  She never hesitated to make sure we were all happy.And as if this place couldn't get any better, I finally got to meet Thomas!  My friends and I had an absolutely wonderful night...Fez definitely didn't disappoint.Oh...and just one warning.  If you get the garlic fries....don't bother with gum.  It won't help.  But they're damn good!
2	DH & I went to Fez last night for happy hour and than back again for reverse happy hour. We had the poppers, the turkey burger special, orange margarita, pomegranate margarita, 2 beers, chicken phyllo pastry, and the walnut brownie. Both of the margaritas were good, but the food, with exception of the dessert were all terrible. We've been coming to Fez for awhile now we normally order just the entrees, we were surprised at how terrible the appetizers were.  Majority of the food was left uneaten.
4	Great but very much like the myriad other relatively new offerings that are proliferating the Central Phoenix-Camelback corridor.  The recipes weren't quite as exotic or orginal as advertised but I did think that the sweet potato fries were top notch.Great spot but because there are so many great restaurants in the area it doesn't crack the lineup often.
4	FEZ was the destination for a late lunch for my friend, Ameerah and myself. Our target: sweet potato fries, which were very good as expected.  They came with a sauce that you didn't even need. It was def a mysterious sauce that we both couldn't figure out.  But overall very good. Happy hour starts at 4, we got there at 3; waiting for happy hour wasn't too hard since the service seems a little slow during the day time.  I imagine this place starts to look awesome at night where all the lights and interior design effects can really pop. Would def go again!
4	What can I say about FEZ that hasn't already been said... precious little I'm sure, but I will say the following:-- I always get the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich and I continue to love it each time-- The cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries are so good, but if you're afraid of the cinnamon being overpowering, ask to have a light dusting-- The music inside is usually a bit too loud for moderate-decibel level conversation; if the weather's nice outside, go for the patio-- 8pm on a Friday or Saturday night will be packed and filled with slick-dressed diners, you may have to wait for a bit-- No matter what, if you live here, you will be coming back at some point because your friends will make you... just understand that
4	If you haven't signed up for the Fez email updates or their Facebook page, you are MISSING OUT.  They are always posting new specials on FB and I have started looking for the emails with the monthly specials.  Last month's curry chicken was outstanding and it was $5!  This month is a turkey burger that looks delicious (I need to make my way over there to try it).  When their prices went up a while back we were bummed (which is why I can't give it a 5), but with these deals we can still visit without putting too much of a pinch in the pocketbook.  If you like the cocktail seen, they have specials on those too!  Still haven't tried the Fez Foodies - maybe today?  I took one of our employees there and got her to try the Fez Burger with Sweet Potato fries; she couldn't stop thanking me!
3	Hands down the BEST veggie burger in town...it is habit forming!!  **UPDATE about the veggie burger**  I asked them what it was made of because I have since become vegan and was curious if I could have it without the cheese.  I learned that they use chicken broth in the mix!!  So for those that are strict vegetarians, this veggie burger is NOT VEGETARIAN.  Now I go for the tasty hummus and drinks!  What can I say about Fez?!  I love these chains of restaurants...Switch and Ticoz are equally great in their own way.  If there is room I prefer to sit at the bar, it is comfy and I have had great conversations with other patrons.  And if you all find that you want to exchange personal information, they have pens and info cards handy at the bar (clever really), they even say "we met at Fez.".  With the fabulous drinks and pleasant wait staff, good times are to be had here!  I am a fan of sangria and Fez's sangria is pretty yummy, but I highly recommend their martini's.  The best time to go is on Tuesday's...$5 martini's all night long.  If you are on Twitter and/or Facebook they offer specials for us social net-worker's, so check them out!
4	I hardly ever make my way downtown. I happened to be on central and saw Fez and decided to grab some lunch. We arrived early, which was great for parking. Our server was friendly and prompt. I ordered the monthly special which was the Turkey burger for $5.00. I saw the special on Yelp and apparently they do not tell you about it when you go to the restaurant. It seemed like a secret menu or something. It was very good and a super value considering all the other sandwiches were around $10.00 (Fries are $2.00 more). My friend ordered the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich and it was fabulous! The only problem was that there was a splinter of wood sticking out of my burger. I'm so glad I saw it, as it could have turned my mouth into a kabob. I showed the server and he was very nice about it and told the kitchen to insure that no one else could get hurt. Overall great food!
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE FEZ! I have been a patron of Fez for a few years. Always great food. Always great service. Love the specials. Dessert is out of this world. Great hang out. My friends and family meet there as often as we can. Fez is a destination of choice!Best place of a late night drink or snack after a show.
4	8/13Can't believe it took me almost a year to come back for a second entree!  I can still taste the delicious FEZ burger and sweet potato fries from my first visit.  But the important thing is that I came back!I was about to order from the menu when I realized it was almost happy hour, so I asked my server, the lovely "Mrs. Fez," if she could tell me what the HH apps are, to which she replied that she did not know.  I then asked what was the Tweeter daily special, since I had not time to check it before leaving home, and she said she couldn't tell me since "we don't keep up with that here."  Huh?  Anyhoo, she left to alIow me more time to peruse the menu.  When she returned, I asked if the apps offered during HH changed from day to day (why else would she not know what the apps were, right?).  She said no, they're always the same, but that the kitchen may be out of a few ingredients so that the HH app menu may only have two or three plates instead of the five or so.  Since I still didn't know what apps were offered during HH, I went with the blue cheese balsamic burger, with a sub of sweet potato fries, instead of the salad.  I later ordered a margarita off of the HH menu.  Awesome drink, btw! I happily can say I've had TWO great burgers entrees at FEZ!  The blue cheese balsamic burger was comprised of Angus beef, Danish blue cheese, red onion, spinach, aioli, and balsamic vinegar on ciabatta bread.  Just got the awesome shivers thinking about this ooey-gooey delight!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=KrqEfWFk_p3PuTGbiw1tug#KrqEfWFk_p3PuTGbiw1tugThe female server had to leave, so I had a second server, this time male, who told me what was on the HH app menu, and I ended up trying the deep-fried goat-cheese stuffed pepadews. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=ofK7s8IcW6h_NbOSk6Wjow#ofK7s8IcW6h_NbOSk6Wjow  Very tasty, although I felt that the peppers could've used a lot less batter.  My humble opinion, that's all.Less one star bec. "Mrs. Fez" couldn't, or wouldn't, tell me what the HH apps were, nor the Twitter daily special.  And to think I alerted my male server that he'd given me the wrong table receipt, which only contained an HH drink and app, which totaled under $9.  But I like Thomas S. and I couldn't allow myself to wear that veil of deception.  So, when is the next FEZ Foodies?  I missed the last one or two...
5	Wow.  What can I say that could possibly describe how much I loved this place?  Nothing I read prepared me for how much I ended up enjoying my meal here.  I'm not sure anything could have.  Even during the dinner hour/happy hour, my friend and I were seated immediately.  We decided to have a drink with the meal, as we probably needed something to counter all the caffeine in our systems at that point.  The server recommended the pomegranate margarita.(As a little aside here: did anyone else notice how trendy pomegranate has been over the past year or two? They're in everything!  Like cranberries.)Trendy as it may have been, the drink itself hit the spot.  As did the basket of cinnamon-dusted sweet potato fries that followed shortly thereafter.  The cinnamon dusting was a little heavy handed, but the aioli that it is served with cuts that down quite nicely.  As my friend commented, they're very much like churros, just without the long drive to Disney.We both ordered burgers (my friend got the vegetarian one), as apparently that's what they do best here.  After having them, I don't think I can argue it.  The burger is served on a long ciabatta roll.  The overall effect is not dissimilar to that of a hoagy (sub, bomber, grinder, whatever).  The signature burger I had was loaded with red lettuce, fried onions, feta, and pear slices.  Whoa!  It was a mouthful and I enjoyed every bite.I could go on and on about how cool the decor was, how quick the meal came out, or how awesome they specials they have sound, but none of it would do FEZ justice.  Just go there and experience it for yourself.
2	This place was a huge disappointment!  With all the positive reviews I was expecting such a better experience.  I came in for a nice goodbye lunch with my  bf and experienced such lackluster service.We walked in and the place was reasonably full for a weekday lunch and we waited for a few moments before anyone at the bar even took notice.  Finally a guy (Lydel) walked by a showed us to our tables.  He plopped down the menus, shortly asked us what we wanted to drink and left.  A few moments later he slams down our waters, asks us if we know what we want.  We barely had a chance to even open the menu.  I don't know why he was in a rush...I doubt his shift was going to end any time soon.  We weren't sure of when he would be back so we put in an order for the infamous sweet potato fries and an afternoon marg for the bf.  Again, quick service, but definitely not friendly.  The fries and drink were pretty much thrown onto the table.  What's up Lydel?  Having a bad day?  Don't take it out on me.  So we put in our order for the chicken phyllo packets and the fez salad and fez kirsa.  Then we did into the fries.I was excited, because I absolutely love sweet potato fries!  But these were just mediocre, if not bad.  They were lukewarm and the dipping sauce tasted like an orange creamsicle.  It was way too sweet for my taste.  I was hoping for a savory aioli to counter the incredible sweetness.  The phyllo packets were another disappointment.  The sauce seemed so watered down and again they were just lukewarm.  Then the entrees came...the kirsa was again lukewarm!  Do they not own a real oven in this place?  Ugh...I ordered hot food and expected it to be hot.  At that point...along with Lydel's attitude and him assuming that I wanted a half salad because I should not be eating as much...I'm over this place.I was glad to leave the crappy, loud house music behind as well.
4	Best sweet potato fries I've ever had (dashed with cinnamon)Best chicken sandwich I ever had.  The goat cheese added a creaminess to it, while the vinaigrette lightened it up from being too heavy.  Lots of rabbit food and all of it on ciabatta bread just made the sandwich feel decadent.  I'm pretty darn sure I'll never use the word decadent to describe a chicken sandwich again.  Food made up for our terrible waitress.  This was during the day, lunchtime, with not that many tables to wait on.
5	Best Sweet Potato fries on the planet! This is actually the first restaurant where I've ever had them and I've ordered them several times at other restaurants and even tried making them at home, they don't even come close! I went to FEZ for the first time for a friends bday, we had a large group to wait for so we had a few martinis at the bar while we waited, so very pleasing to the eye these pretty martinis were and even more pleasing to the palette. Actually that is probably the best way to describe FEZ as a whole, the chic decor is very attractive, the food looks pretty and tastes even better! I had their Italo Kisra, their version of a personal pizza, it was PERFECT soooo delicious, everyone at the table raved about their food, we had a few Vegan and Vegetarians in the group who easily found something delicious to enjoy. I actually was a little too buzzed off the delish martini's I kept ordering to remember too much about the service but I definitely would have remembered if it was bad so there is that =) I can't wait to go back!
3	First off, I LOVE the decor in Fez.  As soon as I saw the chunky dark chocolate floor mirror I knew the food would be good :)I went by myself for lunch one weekday afternoon and although the restaurant was fairly empty, it felt like it was alive.  The music was good and it just felt good to be inside with A/C on such a hot day.  However, after being seated - the music just stopped!  Come to find out someone was filming an interview of some sort - so that was a bummer.I ordered a pizza looking concoction with lamb slices and feta cheese and arugula I believe on top - it was very good!  Although I think it would have been better with ground lamb instead of sliced lamb.  I enjoyed my experience there, with the exception of 2 things: my waitress was not very attentive and neither were any of the other wait staff.  I wanted a water refill and it took quite a while before anyone noticed.  I wonder if it was because they were distracted by a group of guys who seemed to know the staff and by the guy taking pictures of some of the food?  The other was that the guy who filmed the interview and took pictures of the food also took pictures of the restaurant and the patrons eating at the time.  I didn't mind a whole lot - but it would have been nice had the owner or waitress mentioned it when I sat down.
4	Two words - Martini Tuesdays! Forget taco Tuesdays, it's all about the martinis! Any one of their 16+ martinis are only $5Went to FEZ with a friend last night and it was great. We had a couple martinis and shared a few appetizers. Their style is a bit different from other places, for example, their lettuce wraps are made with chicken, mango, pomegranate, cranberries, some other fruits and a tangy vinegar sauce. I was a little anxious to try them, but let me tell you mmm mmm mmmmm good! My favorite was the hummus plate though. They say it is very garlicky.... I tend not to believe most places when they say this, it usually comes out pretty bland. Not this place, way garlicky and the bread served with it is a mix between a fochia and pita bread, very tasty! A friend Lauren works there, she is super awesome! Go say hi!
4	New to PHX ... and feeling not into much... someone in my industry took me out for a late nite bite... what I love about FEZ...its open late...and its stylish.. good music... good drinks...different salads and kisras... a trendy place for a late date... and in my career that is an important thing.. The staff is always nice.. the restrooms are clean.. They always have specials...and as weird as it sounds, if you follow them on facebook.. you will be in on the FEZ'know'... of the specials.. break your diet and get the sweet potatoe fries dusted with cinnamon..... and they serve up some kick ass girly martinis... but if you are there with your straights.. and that would be me.. then get your wine on.. they have some I bet you havent seen before... Ive been here at least a dozen times.. the only bad thing is driving home.. yikes..
4	Came here for dinner and drinks on a Thursday night and it was quite crowded.  Lots of martini flavors to choose from -- the cherry bomb is worth a try.  I feel like the food was good, but nothing to write home about.  The ambiance definitely made up for it.  It is a trendy, good lighting, good music volume.  The waitstaff was knowledgeable and attentive.  Even though the four of us sat for an extra hour and a half after dinner without ordering anything else, they did not give us any attitude.  I will definitely come back for drinks and maybe try out their appetizers.
4	As per the guidance here on Yelp, we found Fez, for a Saturday night dinner.  We enjoyed the experience.Our seating was immediate (which may have just been a matter of good timing, we got there at 5 pm).  The restaurant has a well designed interior.  Our waitress was friendly.  Welcoming and helpful.  Our service was timely and the food was very good.The Lemon Caper Talapia was the best dish we had there.  The apricot salmon was good, but not as good as the Lemon Caper Talapia.  The house wine was good and the desserts were definately worth saving room for.  We got the cheese cake and the brownie with ice cream.  I would recommend both.  The brownie is served piping hot with a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  We enjoyed Fez and will return.A few things about Fez that I would change if I owned it...  The music.  Maybe I'm just to picky or something, but dinner and dance music don't go well.  They need to turn it down or change the channel.The booth seating needs help as well.  The center of the booth padding is too soft, and at the edges you can feel the springs.  Good posture is not promoted in the booths, which I find annoying.In the decor, there are some plastic panels bordering the booth areas.  They are smoke and light grey and they look good.  The problem is that they are attached by screws and the screw heads look out of place.  The rest of the decor works well together, we just couldn't get past the screws in the plastic.These are minor infractions, yet since I'm reviewing, I thought I'd share what I found.The staff at Fez is open and inviting.  They aim to serve.  They are young and urban and friendly.  A nice blend as opposed to some snobbery that you find elsewhere.  This restaurant has every reason for it's crew to stick their noses in the air, yet they are wise enough to forego the attitude.  You will be treated well here.The prices are typical for what I would call a scene meal.  The portions are not large, which I would normally complain about, yet it allowed me to have dessert, so I won't complain too much.
4	FEZ is just cool.  So many things to talk about but I will mention the food items I return for.  The FEZ kisra.  What is a kisra...  A pizza basically.  This kisra has oodles of toppings and a zesty BBQ sauce.  Delicious!!!  The Rosemary Chicken Sandwich is fragrant and hearty and the side of greens that comes with it is always fresh with a mild but tasty dressing.Get the Cinnamon Dusted Sweet Potato Fries.  Got that!!!  Before you know it you will be down to the bottom of the basket still craving more.  The dipping sauce for the fries is tangy.  Sweet and tangy together make for magic.  The Garlic Rosemary Fries are great too.The bar has incredible cocktails.  I like the Apricot Margarita, their Lemon Martini, and their Mojo Martini.  The same bartender took care of us a couple of times.  We asked her to make her own concoction for us.  We gave her free reign.  She came up with a cucumber cilantro lemonade.  It was awesome.  Very refreshing.  She could take that drink coast to coast.The decor is very modern, fancy lights, a projection wall, sleek furniture, cool bathrooms and they are clean.  Sit outside right next to Central Avenue and watch the Lightrail go by.They do have a weekend brunch menu worth checking out as well.  There are lots of cool choices to choose from at FEZ.
4	Mmm, this place was good. Kinda like having dinner in a lounge/club. lol! Music was pretty good though, my brother even recognized one of the BT tracks.We had the seafood kibis and kisra/hummus for appetizers. Both excellent. The kibis had lobster, shrimp, and risotto fried up in four generous sized cakes. The hummus was also a generous portion and freshly made.For dinner, I had the pesto/dijon lamp chops. Mmmm...so good! My brother had the lemon caper tilapia, which was also pretty good. Overall, the prices were pretty reasonable for the large portions.Good atmosphere too, although maybe a bit too trendy to bring the parents here. ;P Would be a perfect place for happy hour.
5	This place is so cool. There is just really no other way to describe it. I love coming here. I love eating here. I love the people who work here. I love their burgers and I really love their sweet potato fries. They taste like dessert. I love their martinis, I've tried a few, and if you ask the bartender for a "surprise martini" like I did, he will bounce back with a cherrylimeaide thing.. delish! I love the sinks in the bathroom and I loved my egg white omelet I ate this morning along with the muddled grape fruit drink on the brunch menu, I forget the name of it but its yummy.. I also love this place because I won a gift card for them at the OYE last week, and I never win anything. ever. I now associate winning with FEZ and that is just awesome.
3	I had dinner here on Friday Night around 6. My friend and I had a cocktail at the bar first. It wasn't very crowded at all but I assume that it was just a bit too early for a dinner rush. Of course I got an extra dirty gin martini. It was excellent, if not a bit strong....not complaining at all ;-) I ended up getting the pomegranate chicken. It was OK but a bit dry. There were other things on the menu that I would like to try though. Anyway, from my experience, the bar tenders kick ass, the waiter was kind of negligent. The drinks were awesome, the food was OK. I would be more into this place as a cocktail happy hour than a restaurant but still want to give them a chance. I may be updating my review.
5	Its been over a year since I was last at Fez but I remember all the fun I had. Believe it or not it was Gay Rodeo week I believe and let me tell you, those were some very cute cowboys. Yum.Anywhoo, It as an impromptu date night and we wanted to try out a new place and FEZ just happened to come up on a list of restaurants we were looking at. So we ventured over and the place was packed but we were able to find a spot at the bar. The bartender was really sweet and she helped me decide on what drink I should choose, after letting me sample a few (who does that?) So I decided on a pomegranate martini which was very yummy and quite strong. We ordered some appetizers and no sooner did we do that place at the couches became open. So we grabbed a spot and noshed on some yummy apps which of course included the sweet potatoe fries which are sinful as long as they are cooked just right. But the kicker to this story is that we ended up getting a surprise (free) dessert as one of those cute cowboys I mentioned earlier thought I was adorable as well. Who knew! The guy that I was with thought it was pretty cool as well but he did hold me just a little tighter after that lol. Yes FEZ is a really great place to go and just hang out. The food is good, the bartenders are generous and it is just alot of fun!
5	I was visiting Phoenix with work and was lucky enough to find Fez within two blocks of my hotel. I went twice while I was there, and had I not been forced to eat elsewhere two nights, would have gone all four to try different things.Besides the great food, it had a fresh, modern decor. The floating panels that separate the intimate bar area from the main room were a particularly nice touch. There is a substantial area outside for al fresco, but it was a bit warm for that when I was there. The first night I had the Lamb Kisra, and it was transcendent. The lamb was beautifully spiced, the spinach and Feta fresh as could be hoped for, and the basil pesto spunky. The scene was happening with a nice mix of beautiful people in the bar scene and in the main room.When I went back again, I tried the Bleu Cheese  Balsamic Burger. It also was wonderful. It is (per the menu)  a 1/2 pound grilled angus burger with balsamic glaze, danish bleu cheese, spinach, red onion and aioli on ciabatta bread. The bread was fresh and light (but firm), the aioli delightful, and the burger done to perfection.I wish there were a Fez in Atlanta, but luckily I will be in Phoenix once a year, so I'll be back!
5	I've been here for brunch, lunch, dinner, and late night drinks.  This place is what you call "cool and sleek" for downtown slash midtown Phoenix.  I'm not totally loving the loacation south of Indian School, but you wouldn't know otherwise while in the restaurant.  This place is totally modern looking as well as being quite hip inside and has a menu to back it.  Extensive martini list that are only $5 after 10pm can't be a negative in anyone's book.  Also, check out the relaxing patio and watch the "light railers" go by.  This establishment is a must to partake in at least once, if not many times!
4	I had my first experience at FEZ about a month ago (I'm slow to post this).  I was planning my best friend's 30th birthday and thought this would be a fun place to have dinner. I had never eaten here but wanted to go someplace different that was reasonably priced with a fun/interesting atmosphere.I called to see if they accepted reservations for large parties and they guy I spoke to was very friendly.  I also needed to check that they had high-chairs for some little ones - which they did.  He put us on the calendar (for 20 of us) and I checked in with him a day before and everything was still good.  I arrived 30 minutes early with a large cake and balloons and flowers for our table - which I was happy to see was already set up and ready to go!! The waiter we had was very friendly (I think he was involved in Theater in school - he was very theatric and spoke with an English/Irish accent which we weren't sure was real or not).  But, nonetheless, he was super friendly and cute, too!The atmosphere was great - upbeat, kind-of club-like music, but it wasn't jam packed with tables where you feel like you can't move your chair out because you'll hit the chair of the person next to you at a different table, which was very nice.  The colors are fun - orange, green, etc.The food I have to say was amazing too!!  The cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had!  For appetizers, a friend ordered the FEZ lettuce wraps - with grilled chicken, dried pears, dates, cherries, almonds, pomegranate vinaigrette in romaine cups - AMAZING!!!  Would be good as a meal itself. For dinner, I got the Douxelle burger- a burger with mushrooms, onions, provolone cheese, mustard, roma tomatoes on ciabatta bread - really good and cooked perfectly.  My friend had the Casablanca chicken sandwich - chicken breast, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dried cherries and field greens on ciabatta.  I'm not a huge chicken sandwich person but this was AMAZING too!!!  Everyone in our group got a variety of things and I didn't hear one complaint - everyone was saying how good their food was. The only thing I will complain about was the fact that with such a large party (which only ended up being 15) they definitely had a problem getting all of our food out at the same time.  It came in 3 shifts.  By the time the 3rd shift of food came out the people that got their food first were already done eating.  So, it wasn't just a little delay - it was a big delay and very frustrating.  Thus, I gave them 4 stars instead of 5.   We did have 2 little babies in the party - one 6 month old and one 1 year old.  The music was pretty loud and club-like so I thought they wouldn't like it but the 1 year old loved it - moving to the beat of the music in his high-chair.  And the little 6 month old fell asleep - so I guess it wasn't too loud. But, overall it was a good experience and I'd definitely go back!!
5	Fez is a hip downtown restaurant that serves up Mediterranean food with a twist. 5 stars for amazing cocktails, delicious food, hip atmosphere, great staff, and for having the best veggie burger in town!
4	The decor, the people watching, and the sweet potato fries bring me back to Fez time and again.  I want to hire Fez' interior decorator, and their MUSAK selections bring me right back to my days of reckless youth. The prices are decent, as well, and the creative food items stretch the boundaries of "I could have made this at home," which is what I like to find when I go to a restaurant.
5	Oh my f*ing phenomenal.Yesterday I went to fez and sat on the patio.  Thank god it wasn't vegetarian day because I had the spiritual enlightenment on ciabatta that is otherwise listed as the Douxelle burger.  That's right, I got that burger even though I hate mushrooms--on the strength of Brad E's recommendation.Burger topped with tomato, sauteed mushrooms and onions, and dijon, and sweet potato fries on the side?  You can bet stacks of benjies that I will be there to donkey punch that fucker again, and soon.I was told the veggie burger is amazing and maybe I'll try it one day but for now you'll have to trust me that there is now a burger out there that rivals the Houston's cheeseburger for most succulent thing in the universe.the friend I was with got some roughage with dressing on the side.  sheesh.
4	Went to FEZ last week and had the $5 Piri Piri Chicken, which is an all-white chicken breast in a Veloute sauce with peanuts on top of orange rice.  For the price it was a GREAT deal - also had the cinnamon coated sweet potato fries - which are a favorite of mine.  Great place. (also great for breakfast)
5	We finally tried this place after almost a year of living within walking distance.  We always avoided it, worrying that it would be annoyingly crowded and "hip".  Well, when we visited it was actually pleasantly un-packed.  The atmosphere was awesome, without the being pretentious.  And the food...DELICIOUS!!Can't wait to go back!
3	I went to Fez with my boyfriend a few weeks ago and we had a nice meal.  Even though this place is located in a strip mall (right across the parking lot from a FedEx Kinkos!) you forget this as soon as you walk in the door.  The decor is very chic and its a very cozy bar atmosphere even though there is ample space for larger parties to congregate. My bf had the veggie burger which he really enjoyed (he had it once before, i think, so i suppose the repeat speaks to it deliciousness).  I debated between the italo kisra and a pasta special they had.  Because I was intrigued by the idea of kisra (a type of flatbread), I went with that.  It was pretty tastey.There were two major negatives that evening.  One was food related and the other was beverage related.  As I mentioned above, I ordered the kisra.  However, I didn't mention that we also ordered bruschetta for an appetizer not realizing that it was basically the very same dish.  This was a bit disappointing.  I was kind of puzzled that our server would not have mentioned that I was pretty much ordering a food "repeat" by making this pairing.  I would not be so put out by this ordinarily, but I specifically asked her about the selection of the kisra (because I didn't know what it was) and she recommended it.  This is not really good form IMO.  As for the drink snafu, I ordered a glass of champagne (they only have one by the glass) and it was flat.  I'm not one to complain about such things generally, but it make the food mix up a strike two.Problems with our experience aside, I will still give this place three stars because it has potential.  The happy hour list looks really nice and I can imagine that the patio area is really quite lovely when the weather is great.
3	I love the food at FEZ, however, the service has a lot to be desired. I ate there twice in the last few weeks and both times had very poor service. The second time I was there the server never came back after serving our food, she didn't once ask if the food was OK and we were out of water for what seemed like an eternity. I like the food but if the poor service doesn't improve I will stop eating there.
4	The sweet potato fries here should be illegal.  I love my friend Symone, but I really didn't want to share!  At least she got her own martinis.  I started with an Apricosmos - a fabulous apricot martini.  Then switched to the amazing Almond martini.  We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps - as different from the other lettuce wraps as you can get.  YUM.  The service is a little slow, so don't go in a hurry.  But you don't want to be in a hurry here :-)
4	We tried this out while visiting a patient at Banner Good Samaritan Hospital. Very cool and the food was great. Middle East and American fusion? Anyway, the burgers with a twist were great.
5	I've been a repeat customer of FEZ since last Sep. 2008, and since then I've come in for lunch, brunch, dinner and the reverse happy hour. And at one time... ok... multiple times I would consistently rave to my east valley friends who don't travel out to CenPho of FEZ and their awesome margaritas especially my fave, the honeydew melon. Then one time... I think it was dinner with my friends V and Rob, I was introduced to my now ultimate favorite of all things yum and sparkling and that's the apricot chardonnay (insert angels ahh-ing here).  I can tell you how the FEZ burger is like the yummiest burger out there... and the Turkey burger is a close second to the Delux Turkey burger. But... if I were to crown FEZ... it would be the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries! That my amigos is the best sweet potato fries around... it's sooo good, so yummy, so worth the calories... and add a liter of the apricot chardonnay or the pomegranate cranberry and you're in foodie heaven. And if the sweet potato fries are not the only best thing... it's the cheesecake....... DELISH!!! I sing praises to FEZ and I'm so glad to have had that awesome first experience when I first came in that late September evening... that I ended up celebrating my birthday there three weeks later. Oh.... so back to my review.So last weekend, after my mediocre dinner at Hula's my friend M and I drove over to FEZ for some dessert and a coffee. After having the FEZ coffee at brunch one time which was oh so good... FEZ is one of those few spots that I'd be willing to go to for a late evening dessert and coffee talk. So as our evening was progressing and being seated my a friendly FEZ host (did I tell you that the staff at FEZ have always been friendly, and have never really given attitude and I like the service? Oh well they are. =))  Anyways, we ordered dessert, the FEZ brownie and mentioned to our server... (i think her name was Amanda) we'd like lots of cream with our coffee... she returned a few minutes later telling us that they had apparently run out of regular coffee but still had decaf. We were saddened... well I was... and the idea of dessert and water with good company still sounded ok it just wasn't the same since I expected something to pick me up in order to keep our conversation flowing. So she proceeded to give us options like the Earl Grey instead but a hot cup of joe sounded way better, so we told her we were okay. Anywho, when our dessert was served, our cheerful server surprised us with coffee mugs with regular coffee and lots of cream. She went all out and above and beyond to scrounge around and found apparently the last package of regular coffee and brewed a pot in order to satisfy her customers. I mean... that's service and this is why I love FEZ... it's the ambiance, the restaurant, the service, the food, and the overall package. You've seen the reviews and if you haven't tried FEZ yet... I say you oughta because this place is a gem!
5	FEZ Rocks!  Went there last night again, and it's always been great.  The good thing about FEZ is that not only is the food great, but the staff is friendly, unlike another new restaurant down the street ...lacks..I had there special of Macaroni and Cheese!  We sat outside even though it was only around 55 degrees, still great!  A Must if you're visiting Phoenix!
5	I must tell everyone what a great time we had at Fez the other night. We had our Holiday Bar Crawl stop by here. It was close to 11pm and I figured they might be on the slower side by then and we would just pop in for a quick drink and go. However, they actually had a great crowed going on. The bar was open for the 14 of us to belly up and scare the crap out of the bartender, Mike. haha I will say tho, we warned him we would be a bit difficult and demanding, but we would take care of him. He got through everyones crazy drink orders with a quickness and did a great job. High five to Mike. Thank you Fez for being our favorite stop on the train!!
4	Oh beloved FEZ what is that secret sauce that you bring with those ever so scrumptious sweet potato fries...dusted so gently in cinnamon...mmmmm.  I love FEZ for a nice weekday lunch or a lazy happy hour.  The drinks are good and not overpriced.  The atmosphere is hip, but not pretentious and the staff is always spot on.  If you have not been here, it is a definite must.  They offer a good variety of entrees from healthy to hearty.  If you are a health nut, order one of their tasty salads and make your friends order the fries and just try one with the secret sauce, then go run a few miles, you will be fine.
4	First off- let me say I am a HUGE fan of our waitress. I think her name was Sheryl? She was so awesome. She told me I would like the Feztini and she was right. I finally got to go to Fez the other night! It was tasty. I had the grilled chicken sandwhich and that was so good. I got it with the spicy fries. I tasted the tangier(?) burger and it was so-so.Next time I plan on trying the flatbeads. those sounded tasty.I was a little bummed about their tap water. I know az has gross tap water but usually you can drown it with lemons, this tap water had an after taste that refused to leave. yuck. all in all, I was a fan of our waitress, a fan of my sandwich, and a huge fan of my feztini.
4	I've got nothing but positive comments for the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich.  It was truly one of the best sandwiches I've had, and I'll be back to order it again, even if I have to take the light rail to get there.
4	Fez is one of the better spots downtown and a great place to take friends when your trying to show people that Phoenix has some semblance of culture. Granted it's not true but Fez is great for keeping this myth alive.The food is generally pretty good, with highlights being the balsamic blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries. The fries are probably the best in the valley!  Wine choices are solid, especially if you are into reds and they make some of the best martini's in the valley. I also recommend Switch and Ticoz as they are all owned by the same company and you really can't go wrong with any of them.
4	Phoenix needs more great restaurants like FEZ!!  The inside is cute and decorated very stylishly.  The drinks were good.  The food was delicious.  The music was great.  And the service was awesome!Highly recommended!
4	Went to Fez's last night as a work get together.  Company paid for the goods, so you know I'm taking advantage of that.  It was a Tuesday night and when I walked in the place had a very stylish and hip vibe.  I felt very comfortable in my cocktail dress attire from our Christmas party at work.  My work reserved a whole table and it was decked out with all sorts of apps, including the hummus/pita selections, different flat bread style pizza's and of course an open bar for our table...me likey...  Our waiter was very friendly and came over quickly to greet everyone and take our drink orders as we started dragging in.  As I opened the bar menu I started giggling at some of the drink names, pretty cute...  To some it up I ordered the bitch Merlot.  It was good.  Now the ambiance was very mellow and relax, which I liked.  The food was so so, I tried the margarita looking flat bread  pizza, blah boring.  I did try a Mediterranean style flat bread which was really good.  The hummus was bland, I kinda like mine with some spice so I didn't double dip that.  Overall the place was a nice little surprise for being so busy on a Tuesday night.
3	BIG PICTURE: sub-parawful decor (cheap Ikea) and even worse music (Taylor Swfit techno remix)Food: everything I've ever had here was really good. Including the "go green" martini that the waitress insisted I would not like...weird. it's my favorite summer drink. The rosemary thyme fries are...DIE! Service, kinda sucks, especially when the waiter removes your plate before you have a chance to steal the silverware in your to-go box. stereotypical gay guys love this place though. I mean c'mon they have like every martini imaginable and it's really clean.
4	I liked FEZ - it wasn't AMAZING, but the food was great, service good and atmosphere trendy. I took a friend from Chicago here, and he especially liked it. I was happy to give him a good impression of Phoenix. We were seated immediately, but waited a few minutes to be relocated to a table that wasn't so close to the door. I really appreciated the fact that they were willing to move us. The waiter was very nice, but not overly attentive. I was happy to not have someone hovering over me unless I needed them. My water glass was kept full, and we waited only 15 minutes or so for the meal.I ordered the Veggie burger (WITH sweet potato fries - more on that in a sec) and was very happy. The burger was not huge but I realized, after half of the burger, that those beans (it was a black bean burger) were VERY filling. I think I was most fascinated with the toppings: sun-dried tomato/feta(?) cheese spread and a red cabbage slaw. I've never had such a thing on my burger, but I was very pleased with the overall taste! The side salad was also quite tasty.I love me some sweet potato fries, and said fries at FEZ were good and got better with each bite. I was too surprised to appreciate them until I'd had a few. The sweetness of the cinnamon with the sweetness of the potato was too much at first. But the accompanying sauce was tangy and complimented the fries well. One more flavor and it would have been too complicated though. I'm glad they were able to say, "you know, I think we've got enough here to knock their taste buds out. Let's hold off on the [insert other crazy ingredient]."My friend had the Douxcelle burger and seemed very impressed. He was very happy with the experience overall, as was I. I'm sure I'll go back again.
4	My first yelp post! I use yelp so much, I decided I would start giving back. My Mom told me that my opinion matters - so I guess I'll start sharing it.I've been to Fez about three times, and it is always very consistent. The decor is very urban and trendy - it makes for a fun atmosphere, and the lighting is great. The service has been great every time. I've sat at the bar twice, and the good-looking bartender - you know who I'm talking about - is very attentive, gives good recommendations and makes a good drink. Their wine list is interesting, mostly limited to vineyards with names that have double entendre or something crass in the title. They have a small tap, but a decent rotation. This time I had a Firestone IPA and it was great. For the food.. I seem to be hooked on the lamb kisra. It is excellent, and perfect for sharing. The Fez kisra is also tasty, but a little messy, and the fries are very good. I've had the sweet potato fries and the spicy harissa fries, both of which hit the spot. The menu is fairly extensive, with some interesting options. I've found the ingredients very fresh, and I'm looking forward to trying other things if I can get myself to branch out from the lamb.Overall, Fez is a great place dinner and drinks, and a fun spot to spend the evening. The people watching is great, it has a good location, and with the right company, you'll have a good time. I'm sure I'll be back again.
5	I don't think I have too many "go-to" restaurants when I want to dine out on, but when it comes to taking friends from out of town to dinner or just a quality meal, FEZ is always top of mind.It's probably taken me longer than it should have to give them their due diligence here.  I cannot remember how many excellent meals I've had there, and for as many times as I have been there, I really haven't explored that much of the menu.Their sweet potato & spicy fries are the best around.  Hands down.  Beyond that, try their veggie burger.  I'm fairly certain it's home-made and not a frozen Boca or Garden Burger.  The kisra's, think a Mediterranean flatbread pizza, are incredible.  I always have leftovers too since I can crush an entire order of fries beforehand!Food aside, service & the atmosphere are top-notch.  Let's call it what it is, I am red-headed geek, but I feel hip here.  I have always felt that the people here go out of their way to really give you a special time.To end your night, try one their fantastic martinis.  There are some interesting ones on the menu, including the pear one.  Best part is, if you REALLY like the martinis, jump on the light rail to burn it off on your way home...
4	I have only been to FEZ 3-4 times but I am cuh-razy for their rosemary fries and their bread plate with the pesto dip, tomato sauce, and something else I can't recall. My favorite thing to drink there is the pomegranate margarita...that one drink kicks my ass every time. I love the atmosphere and it is always pretty happening with a diverse group of people.
5	My love of FEZ  is growing each time I eat there. Maybe today seemed especially delish because we had been out riding bikes along the parade route, maybe it was the sweet potato fries that screamed this is as good as it gets  for fries... or maybe FEZ is just darn tooting good everyday. Well I can only speculate. I still love their  FEZ burger so much .For me the blend of crispy onion ring/crouton /cheese, pear and secret bbq sauce along with the high quality meat just zings in my mouth . Love FEZ ...can't wait to go back.
4	I dont like the damn fries. Let's get that out of the way upfront. And the techno beat at four in the afternoon isnt my thing. But I liked everything else about FEZ. You know about the food. It's very good. Not too expensive. What's best, however, is the service. From the moment we walked in, our ungainly intergenerational party of holiday misfits was welcomed and treated great. God knows what staff said about us back in the kitchen, but they were nice as pie out on the catwalk. Of course, we're fairly nice too. But still. The staff was confident and charming and made us feel "at home" - if your home had Dali-esque chandeliers and a massive overhead speaker wedged into the ceiling, throbbing like Johnny Wadd.
3	its really a 3.5 star review but since yelp hasn't instituted the .5 system yet, its my duty to let you know. so, there. you're informed. happy? i thought so.so yeah, fez is a 3.5 star-er and here's why: the feel off the place is just slightly off center. they almost have the perfect formula down. they've got the loungey music. they've got the bar. they've got the dark lighting so you dont have to see how ugly your date is. its just that the restaurant part of the place kinda doesn't fit with the loungey part of the place. i dunno. its weird. but i do have to say that their cheesecake is amazing. 100% amazing. do it. their drink menu leaves a little to be desired, but i do recommend the pomegranate infused wine. its essentially sangria. trust me on this one. you'll take one sip and just ask "why isn't there fruit in here?". staff is friendly and they get to you pretty quickly. its a decent place to grab a drink and a dessert.
4	The FEZ Kisra is very good.
3	It was Saturday night and my husband and I wanted to try something new. We had been told to try FEZ, specifically the FEZ burger. So we decided to take the light rail from Tempe and go to FEZ.Now, just as others have posted, FEZ was good, but definetly not amazing. We get there and we were seated promptly, which is always a plus. The staff was ver friendly and helpful.We got there right at the tail end of happy hour, so we decided to try the 2 4 1 margaritas. I got the pomengranite and my husband got the honey dew. They were ehhh. I still stand that margaritas should not be flavored, and these just did not change my mind.As it was still happy hour, we decided to try an appitizer. We opted for the lettuce wraps. I really enjoyed these. The dried fruit and pomengranite vinagrette was a great combination. For dinner, we both ordered the FEZ burger (no bun, of course).  Well I have to say we are both picky about our burgers. Now, the burgers were not bad, but not for us. It had a lot going on. Between the cheese, pears, bbq sauce, crispy onions, and more.. it was just too much. I enjoy a good burger with minimal toppings (i.e. LGO's green chili burger!). On the side, I got the season vegetables, and they were excellent. My husband opted for the cinnamon sweet potato fries. Again, very good, but you can't beat the simple, yet excellent sweet potato fries at Delux. Also, I should mention that we did try another FEZ drink, their fruit infused wine. It was just as the waiter described, sangria without the fruit. They really should call it sangria and add fruit. Would not recommend it. I think the next time I go I would go with Cherry Wheat on draft!We are not going to rush back, but not opposed of giving FEZ another chance.
2	I'm so sorry to burst the 4 and 5 star bubble but whatev. First off, I have been eating Mediterranean food ohhh for a quarter century now and this place is not Mediterranean. Just because they serve hummus and kisra and their 'lamb' is gyro meat, does not make a place Mediterranean.  Please are you kidding me? Although I must say, the hummus is very good, but worth 10 bucks? You decide for yourself. Other than that, the food was just OKAY. I got the lamb kisra expecting lamb. Not mushy grinder gyro meat. The other person ordered the bbq something kisra. It was just weird. And too spicy. Believe me I can handle some spice. Music was very loud I felt like I was in a club. Very pleasant service though.
5	I was very pleasantly surprised when I went to Fez for the first time. I'm not sure why though...I mean I've heard nothing but good things and I have been to and loved Ticoz, but I still didn't eaxpect much from Fez.The atmosphere was great. Lively and fun, the decor was relatively simple, modern and overall appealing. I think what I had the lowest expectations of is service. After having lived in L.A. the past two years I guess I figured that trendy restaurants = mediocre food and lousy service from snooty, pretentious wanna-be actors.I was definitely in for a surprise.The waiter was awesome! Friendly, attentive without being annoying, great at making suggestions. He recommended that I have the Fez burger. I was a little apprehensive about it though, I mean a spicy honey molasses bbq with cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro? Nothing seemed like it went together, but it was wonderful. Sweet, a little spicy, a little garlic-y. The only thing that was so-so was the garlic rosemary fries. They were a little too cooked and the flavor was a bit too strong. I think next time I will try the sweet potato fries.Coming back soon!
4	I went with a large group of people (around 13) for a friends birthday party. Our server was amazing and took very good care us. Everything came out at once and all the orders were correct! The food was nothing but perfect! When you go you have to order the sweet potato fries. They come out hot and smelling like Thanksgiving's marsh-mellow covered yams. Sweet and yummy they are a new addiction.  The simple modern atmosphere is a great place to relax, listen to music and sip on your martini. I can't wait to go back.
3	Friday Night... 10 PM... FEZ on Central... Will it live up to the hype?!  Only time will tell.We are seated and I asked the waitress what craft beers they have. She said Shock Top.  Oh shoot me in the face.  Shock Top is Budweiser's answer to Blue Moon... Blue Moon is made by Coors... neither are a Craft Brew, sister.  Then she rattled off the rest of her beer menu.  Umm... yeah, so the short answer would have been "we dont have any craft brews"   Also acceptable would have been: "good beer?! Why bother?!"  Or even:  "In case you didn't notice on the way in, we serve our ketchup in metal ramekins. This is a FANCY place, so have a Miller Lite with your burger."  Alright sugar, what kind of bourbon do you have?  She says: ummm.  I say, "Makers Mark, Knob Creek... and what else? perhaps Woodford Reserve?"  She says, i dont know about those I will check, i know we have Jack Daniels.  Holy mother of God... Jack is not Bourbon.  Jack is Tennessee Whiskey... But great news, they have Woodford...  Should i just keep it simple and order a burbon and ginger?  Oh no, it's Friday, this is FEZ on Central.  My next move is a bold one...  I order an Old Fashioned.  My Old Fashioned was made well, not perfect, but pretty close.  That is nearly an impossible drink to get right because everyone that orders an Old Fashioned seems to have a different take on the "right" way to make one.  I think it was pretty darn good.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and the lady ordered a burger... So lady like of you daaaahling.  The food arrived and it was pretty tasty.  No complaints, nothing to rave about, just some food.  Are you ready for some groundbreaking news?  Something that no one has yelped yet?  I know why FEZ chose this location on Central... That's right, I know the secret reason.  And i know at first they thought  "it might be a good idea to tint the windows, especially on the south side, to create a nice ambiance like so many other restaurants"... Once you get there, you too will know why they didn't.  The people that own FEZ saw something beautiful, something that would create a one-of-kind dining experience.  What is that spark of magic?  What keeps you coming back to FEZ??   ... It's the super bright glow of White, Purple and Blue FedEx Kinkos Office in your eyes as you dine.  WOW!  What a spectacular sight.   Eating at FEZ is like staring at a purple and blue sun for 30 min.  When you leave, not only does the sweet flavor of too-much-garlic on your fries linger on your tongue... but the FedEx vistas are etched in your eyes for hours!  It's as if you didn't listen to your 3rd grade teacher and you just stared at a lunar eclipse for 5 min.  Oh, Mrs. Rosenbaum, how right you were, i should have made that little shoe box trick to look at the eclipse!  Then i could take it to FEZ so that i can watch people make copies and surf for porno while i eat!  So wise... so wise you are Mrs. Rosenbaum.  So hop on down to FEZ for an awesome time!   It's RadTastic!
4	I was told a few different times about this place called Fez. The way it was told to me, it seemed to be a magical land where gods came down and cooked the perfect burger and sweet potato fries. So when a friend asked if I wanted to go there for lunch, with that mental picture, I readily agreed.We got there around 6 or 7pm on a Saturday night. Now I am not sure if this is what it is always like, but the place seemed crazy busy. A few tables were being held for a reservation so my friends and I took seats to the side and ordered drinks while waiting for somewhere to open up. We had to wait for about 20 minutes for a table. I was parched and in that time, I believe the waitress refilled my drink 3 times. Even though it was busy, she was on the ball the whole time.We sat down and quickly ordered, three burgers and a basket of sweet potato fries. The fries came out and here came my biggest complaint. They were a type of chili fries, not sweet potato. I don't know how the order was mixed up, but we thought since it was so busy/were all to easy going/lazy we weren't going to mention it. The fries were good, I was just sort of looking forward to the sweet potato fries. All was quickly forgiven when the burger came out. I could not get over how good this burger was.The mix of BBQ sauce, onions, and feta on top with pears on the bottom, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. There might have been more on this burger but I was to busy eating it and loving every second of my life at that point to really look too closely. I knew those review I had heard and mental picture I conjured were correct, this burger could not have been made by mortals.I look forward to my next trip here. Next time I go, which I hope is very soon, I will get those legendary fries, maybe try to get a look at those gods in that back that must make those amazing burgers.
4	I've been so excited to try Fez after all the reviews I have read and finally made it there last night along with JD and his parents. I was immediately impressed with the layout and decor. It was chic and modern without being fussy and overdone. I guess there was a lighting track above our table that was out so it was tough to see the menu but we managed with a little help from JD's mom's pocket light! The table next to us was using their candle. We made it in time to score some $3 happy hour glasses of house chardonnay which was good! We started with a basket of sweet potato fries, which smelled divine and tasted incredible with the dipping sauce they came with. It was semi-sweet, garlicy and a bit tart at the same time and really complimented the cinnamon-y taste of the fries. The basket was huge too and we didnt come close to finishing them even between the four of us. For the main course I had the go green pasta with chicken and I was utterly delighted by my choice! It was one of the best pesto sauces I have ever had and came with slices of zucchini, onions, red peppers and eggplant that, in my opinion, really made the dish. I was intrigued by the marinara pasta selection on the menu and how you could make it spicy, but ultimately my love of all things veggie led me to pick the go green. JD had the fez burger and I had to have a taste. It was really surprisingly yummy (I'm not a burger fan). I loved the fact that you really could taste the pear and it actually worked great with the barbecue sauce, a nice surprise. But my second favorite dish had to be JD's mom's shrimp kisra. It was so amazing! I loved the fresh spinich and tomatoes and the garlic sauce was finger lickin good (sorry to steal your trademark Colonel)! The shrimp was juicy and perfectly cooked also. The only reason I am not giving Fez five stars is because of the club-like fist pumpin music that played quite loudly. It wasn't terrible, but it would have been an absolutely perfect experience if the volume had been a bit lower and the tempo a tad slower. It was a Sunday night after all. But I'm not going to dwell on it. We left there with plenty of leftovers (which rarely happens with us) and everything tasted just as great for breakfast (yes breakfast) this morning. Thank you Fez, lets do it again sometime soon!!! Maybe i will just bring some earplugs.
3	Let me start by saying that this review hurts me to write more than any of you will know.  I actually really enjoyED the few visits that I have had to FEZ... but sometimes ladies and gentleman, customer service trumps all!I will say that this particular situation did not happen to me, but two very close friends of mine.  Based on how one of my friend in particular was treated, I will not return to FEZ.  A few weeks ago we all went in to enjoy FEZ's great Tuesday Night Signature Martini For $3 special... it is a pretty sweet deal, which makes this even harder!  There were three of us in attendance that evening and all of us paid with our credit cards.  My good friend goes home days later to find a charge on her account for FEZ that occured on a day when she hadn't even visited the restaurant... pretty scary right?  So naturally she gets a little worried that her bank account has been compromised, and contacts the bank and contacts the management at FEZ.  The manager on duty apparently didn't have the ability to remedy her situation and said that the restaurant manager would need to call her back.  According to my friend he was less than accomodating when returning my friends call.  He did however mention that there was a glitch in their computer system which caused this to happen to others.To the restaurant managers and owners... sometimes a little compassion and understanding goes a LONG way!!I can't say anything bad about the food and drinks at FEZ, in fact, it makes me a little sad that I won't be able to enjoy them anymore!!
5	First off, in response to several other reviews, I want to state categorically that I am a heterosexual. That said, I always get superb service at Fez. Whether I come in with my husband or with girlfriends, it never changes.Secondly, the food is amazing. That's the only word for it. And when I think that I could pay the same price for a burger at Red Robin as I do for that most amazing of creations, the Fez Burger, I just giggle. In fact, I've tried numerous menu selections and always been thrilled. My favorites are the Fez Burger and the Chicken Caesar with Pesto and Pistachios.There is one thing I do hate about Fez and I feel I would be remiss if I didn't mention it here, you know, in the interest of full disclosure. Fez is just too far from my house. I'm sure they didn't do it on purpose but I'm troubled by it none-the-less. I don't expect it to be remedied at this late date but it had to be said.But I'm willing to drive. Often.
5	OH MY G**! TINI TUESDAYS ROCK! I love the loud music and the foods good. Their brunch on sundays is great too. They have drinks specials all the time and I love that.
4	Went with M to exchange Christmas presents and before the Mac and Cheese special was gone.  M talked about the special and recommedated it so highly, I skipped looking at the menu and ordered the Mac and Cheese.  It was good.  I could not finish the food, lots!  I would love to go back to try a burger, it looked YUMMY!
5	This place has hands down some of the best service around.  Thomas runs a tight ship and if you ever have any concerns or needs hit him up.  Their burgers are to die for and I'm excited to go back and try more dishes.  Kirk is also an outstanding server,  he remembered me and my girlfriend from my previous visit and always makes you feel important.  Love this place!  One of my favorite spots in town....
5	After being out here in the wonderful state of AZ for a month because of work and relying exclusively on Yelp reviews for the local lowdown....I figured it was my due diligence to give back to the community and write some reviews of my own....here goes my first review.I was lucky enough to lunch at "the fez" today with a coworker of mine.  I picked it solely because of yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.Yes, the sweet potato fries were out of this world....they spoke to my southern heart at it's core.I had the Fez burger with an interesting combination of ingredients that somehow seemed to blend together and create an awesome taste. Different. Unique. Wonderful.Service was good.  As I drained the last drops of my Diet Coke the server was bringing another to the table....props on the good timing.  The next refill was not so choreographed, but he was attentive without being clingy.As some other yelpers have mentioned the music is a little on the weird side and loud in the interior...but it fits the atmosphere well.Overall a great place and I will return if time permits.
4	02.05.10Food, drinks and service is superb.  We felt completely taken care of all throughout the meal.Late night happy hour: 10:00-midnight, every night.Menu says $5 bar bites - our receipt says $6.Two for one well drinks, beer and signature margaritas [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=Ujt_q-pLHUyVg7NdbCS87g].$3 house wine.Cheese fondue [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=iOU5Gn9A9lg98KofCHuSRw]Pepper bites [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=MbirT3xLMomXwAVeiTV95w]Chicken tenders [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=eMWsA6orumHbiec3ijCB5Q]Lamb salad [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=Mbv_V82N1UDCqFgzK-0L6Q]Pasta [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=ejs32hTw8tFlSJ9swCCPhw]Every dish was tasty, and it took no time to wipe our plates clean.  Our waiter was a perfect gem of a gentleman with a super adorable accent, which was definitely a plus!
4	I feel like such a noob. We consider ourselves foodies to a certain degree, but before joining Yelp we had never heard of this magical mysterious place called Fez. So after seeing the sheer volume of good reviews on the place, it was pretty much destiny that a trip to Fez was in order. Upon first arriving there the first thing that'll catch your eye is how trendy it is. The place is drenched with a hipster vibe that's hard to shake. You'll also quickly notice a very skewed gay:straight ratio. I would usually never bring this up, but it was quite obvious the night we went that we were possibly one of the only straight couples there. This extends to the waiters too... don't get me wrong, I have no problem with it... in fact it made for a more fun and interesting dining experience; just be forewarned if you aren't comfortable with things like being offered a drink called "The G-Spot" by a feminine male waiter, this may not be the type of place for you. So now... onto the food. The food was superb... starting off with those heavenly Cinnamon-dusted Sweet Potato Fries. Damn they're good... basically they're some of the best fries I've ever had, period. I bow down the God of Cinnamon and Sweet Potatoes... because the combination is heavenly. For our main dish we got a Fez Kisra followed by the Apricot glazed Salmon. Both were quite yummy. The Kisra is basically a healthier version of a pizza with some more adventurous types of toppings... the one we got had pears on it. It was good, but would be hard to eat one alone because the flavor is quite distinct and a little rich... so it's perfect to split. The salmon was well cooked and flavorful, no complaints there. Overall we had a great meal at Fez, we'll more than likely be back... if anything to try 'Fez Foodies' which we've heard so much about. What a cool place!
4	FEZ is poshy and obnoxious, like the restaurants on Santana Row. Yet it was surprisingly inviting, mostly due to our awesome server.We came here for late dinner. Our server was nice enough to extend the happy hour menu to us at the table since the bar was packed and we really wanted the bar bites!Cheese fondue (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=s-DoCgOwLo0-XoDuIhfBGA): Big portion. The cheese was gooey and delicious! The combination of grilled zucchini and cheese was surprisingly tasty! We loved it!Deep fried poppers (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PVTfzxu7of57zo1jZwEzkg?select=rsusUomr1--LF_3qE3EN2A): I was quite intrigued by how perfectly round the poppers were. Sweet red peppers filled with cream cheese. A bit disappointed since they weren't spicy. The aioli did add a kick though.Love happy hours! Especially late night! =D
5	It was love at first bite. Great location, great urban hip vibe. And the food rocks. Ok, first things first the fries. Sweat potato is not usually my thing but these are fantastic with the Cinnamon & sugar. The garlic & rosemary are fantastic as well. Always ask about the specials cause there is something good cooking in the kitchen's. The FEZ burger is a great layered combination of meat, aoli, pear (yes pear) and BBQ. All very good. If you are headed in for lunch, get there before noon on a weekday, the place fills up quick. Sitting out side is great for 7 months of the year.
5	It's official...I'm in love with FEZ. I've never had a bad experience here. I've been to FEZ with small groups and larger ones and never had bad service. Most recently, I was there with for brunch with Smunch (http://smunchphoenix.com or http://twitter.com/smunchphoenix), which wound up being a group of over 30 people for Saturday brunch. Thomas and his staff never missed a beat, especially our server, who gracefully handled a constant stream of orders and meal deliveries as people arrived at different times.The food at FEZ is divine. The sweet potato fries are ridiculously good, as is the FEZ benedict and peach bellini for brunch. The benedict is a wonderful twist on the classic, served on French bread with oven-dried tomatoes.On top of the great food and service, I love the ambiance and location of FEZ. As Dave B. said, the interior is totally metrosexual, in a good way. It has all of the upscale urban vibe that Phoenix needs more of, and the location on Central Avenue is perfect. Parking is not a problem and it's only a couple minutes walk from two light rail stations if you want to leave the car elsewhere.The bottom line is that FEZ is great place whose attention to quality and urban ambiance makes it one of the best dining destinations along the Central Corridor.
5	Oh Fez, you and me...we've hooked up a few times. Sometimes just for drinks, a quick bite, an early dinner, a late dinner. but this last breakfast, it put me over the top...I'm movin' in. That's right, you and me are hookin' up! Cuz you are the real deal, Holyfield and I like my restaurants smooth, sweet to the touch and able to go the distance, and you Fez, you go the distance. You serve up an amazing eggs benedict, omelets that make a grown woman cry and a breakfast kisra bread that is a sweet, bacony, tangy, cheesy deliciousness. Oh, and the $5 mimosas...yeah, I'm not leaving you anytime soon. Call your mother, you've got a new girlfriend!
4	I was there for my first time visiting FEZ, for brunch with Smunch (http://smunchphoenix.com or http://twitter.com/smunchphoenix), and it wound up being a group of over 30 people for Saturday brunch. The service was great even though we nearly all had separate checks, and had people arrive and leave at different times. The menu was varied and I had hard time deciding on what I wanted, as so many sounded good. I went with a brunch dish as I heard the brunch food was unbelievable. I decided on the FEZ Benedict, which was a delish take on eggs Benedict. I will definitely be going back here with friends and family again!
2	After visiting a second time the food and service was still pretty good.  Later, however, I noticed there was a second charge on my card, which the wait staff never told us about.  I understand that mistakes happen, and I'm pretty forgiving about that kind of stuff.  The charge was credited back after several days of the bank holding the funds, so they corrected their mistake.  The big problem is that they failed to let me know that there had been a mistake at all.  I guess they were just hoping I wouldn't notice.  That's pretty shady stuff.
4	Damn Fez on Central.. It's like, my dream restaurant come true! (Pinch me!) The parking lot has various entrances, plenty of space and is clean. The inside of Fez is remarkable, from cool lighting fixtures to fresh color palettes all around. The food is mouth watering and almost perfect. The menu is a bit on the pricey side I must admit which means I cannot visit this glorious place more often. I gave Fez four stars because 1.) The last time I visited them it took FOREVER (40 minutes) to get our main courses which were SALADS.. are you serious? How long does it take to make a meatless SALAD?! 2.) Our waitress wasn't all that great, my throat was about to croak from a need of a refill after 30 minutes. She was also very unapologetic after we waited so long for our food.  So, once Fez gets a QUICKER staff, it will get my five stars :)
4	An old co-worker of mine brought me here during a long day of cold calling.  I was and still am very happy about that!  We shared an order of sweet potato fries, and I loved them!  We also both had the blueberry salad.. forgot the actual name, but it was great.  I've been back 2 more times, and each time I've ordered the salad.. And each time after, I have asked for the dressing on the side, and they keep forgetting.. Boo for that.  But, I love the salad.  it's delicious!  My friends all ordered a burger and they loved loved loved it, a few of them even said it was one of the best burgers they've ever had.  When I make it back again, I will be grabbing one of those!
5	Yum! an interesting twist for brunch the breakfast kisra-a flat herbed bread with eggs, bacon, ham, manchego cheese, tomato and red onion was very tasty and well, a bit filling. Friendly and attentive staff and a comfortable modern decor. If I was living here, I would frequent this place.
4	My favorite meal? Brunch. And fez does not disappoint. The breakfast pasta was better than I imagined- bacon and sausage in the same dish? With eggs, parm, and penne?! I just erased an explicative from my review expressing the strength of my feelings.I haven't experienced anything other than brunch, but from the menu, it looks like there are decent specials (half priced bottles of wine on Sundays). Our waitress wasn't great, but service being hit or miss seems to be consistent in the other reviews, and the other people working looked like they were much more attentive than ours. But my tummy is currently happy enough that I don't really care enough to knock it down to three stars-- and as a former industry person, that's super good food.Overall, I say definitely try out the brunch, if nothing else! The benedict and french toast also looked delicious, so good luck making a decision!
5	We had plans in the area last night, so we wanted to find somewhere for dinner.  After searching through reviews of the different places in the neighborhood, we decided to give Fez a try.We were a little worried when we arrived and the parking lot was full, we expected there to be a wait, especially on a Saturday night, but we were able to walk right in.  The service staff was very friendly.  I agree with what has been mentioned about the demographic that is there, we were the only non-same sex couple in the place. :-)After reading so many reviews, I had to try the Fez Burger and their sweet potatoe fries.  Both were outstanding, and I felt that the prices were actually on the lower side of what I would have expected to pay for the meal I enjoyed.  The place is nice looking, but the atmosphere is very comfortable, and as I said, the staff is very friendly.  We will certainly be going back.
3	This was my second outing to FEZ.  The location is great and so is the ambiance. I went on a Friday night  and the place was dead. Not much going on at all. I do have to say it was First Friday so that might have played a role. I decided to sit in the bar area.  We were only stopping in for a drink and a quick bite. We were greeted by our waiter who looked as if he would so rather be somewhere else.  Ok whatever, I worked as a waitress as well and it is the end of the night so I can understand. However, I have been here before on a Saturday morning and it was no different.  The staff hung out chatting at the end of the bar acting like it is an inconvenience to wait on you.The first time I ate at FEZ it was good. Definitely good enough to make me come back again.  However, this time it was mediocre at best.  I ordered the fondue on the bar menu.  My friend seem to think it was great but she still eats frozen dinners as well. So won't be giving her opinion much weight.  In my travels I ended up telling this stranger what I thought of FEZ.  He was very interested in my opinion as he knew the owner.  The thing is he said that he has heard the same complaint from others.  The place has great potential. It is very trendy in regards to looks, great location, and the food is good.  If they could only do something about the staff it would be an improvement and then I could give 4 stars.
3	I made it to FEZ on sat night. I thought it would be packed on sat night but there was no wait and lots of seats available.  I realy like the decor. They have a patio and this is were we sat. I really like restaurants with patios. That night it was overcast and raining a little so I was very happy sitting outside. Our server was very nice and very honest with all the questions I had about the menue. So on to the food. I ended up getting a burger. It did not come out med like I asked but the flavor was there and it really was delicious. I like how light the ciabatta roll was. I dont care for ciabatta bread to much cause its so dence  and just to much bread when using it for a sandwich or burger but this ciabatta was good and light. Also the mustard they put on it was freakin awesome. Spicy and delicious. I think the mustard played a big part in why I liked the burger so much. If it was cooked to med and not well I would have enjoyed it even more. My girlfriend ordered the apricot salmon. She liked it alot but the kuskus that came with it was no good, tasteless and just not good. Sorry it just wasnt, but the veggies were great. The apricot glaze on the salmon was great. I did try it but I,m so not a salmon fan at all cause its just to fishy  for me unless its smoked but this glaze helped that out and it would be really good on pork. Anyway overall great atmosphere and food was good for the most part. The burger was $10.95 and another $2 for fries. Good burger but I always have a hard time spending $12.95 for a burger and fries but it was good. The bar has a menu of its own. This is cool but I really wanted the pepper poppers and you cant get them unless you are at the bar. I really freakin hate that. If you are a restaurant and you serve something that I want but I cant get it because I'm not sitting in the bar I'm already unhappy. I love stuffed peepers and I had already ordered $50 in food and drink but I cant get peppers. What the f--k ever man. Not cool. There was only 4 people at the bar so If I were manager I would make that avalable for everyone who asked about it just to get some sales while they were slow.. I guess cause I wanted to enjoy the great weather we were finnaly getting in phoenix and sit on the patio I had to miss out on the app I came here for.  I might be back for a burger but not sure how soon. I was really wanting to meet Thomas but he was in a conversation when I walked in and I did not see him when I was leaving.  Untill next time Thomas
5	OK. Fine. I'm reviewing FEZ. I've been waiting because, really, what could I add that the 294 reviewers who came before me didn't already say? And, frankly, I wondered if my adoration of Thomas S. was clouding my judgment. I considered withholding one star that would otherwise go for Thomas because he is, quite likely, THE best GM/host in the Valley! Because of Thomas (and, let's face it, some great drink specials), FEZ is one of my favorite go-to spots for a group event. Thomas always ups the ante with some spectacular generous host treat -- sometimes even prizes! But, see... this is what I was afraid of. I was worried my review would be dominated by my affection for Thomas. Suffice to say: he is wonderful, gifted at his work and FEZ is lucky to have him. NOW. I mentioned the good drink specials at FEZ. My favorite are $3 Martini Tuesdays. I'd love to work my way through the menu, trying a new flavor each week. It's hard for me to deviate from the cherry bomb though. I love it! The apricot margarita and the apricot chardonnay fussion are also up there. I'm not a fan of sweet potatoes, so I don't share everyone's appreciation of the sweet potato fries. I DO, however, favor the spicy harissa ones. I have no idea what spicy harissa is but it's spicy. And good. What else is great about FEZ is they are always trying something new! Chef specials, guest appreciation specials, FEZ Foodie events, new and varried menu items... There are staples you can count on (I like the pesto Caesar with pistachios add shrimp, the bleu cheese balsamic burger and the lamb or shrimp kisra) but options are forever evolving and worth scanning the menu and asking about specials each visit! Here's what compelled me to write FEZ' 295 review: thanks to Audrey and Jim W., last night I discovered FEZ has a $3 burger on Mondays!! (you can add your choice of fries for $2!) I got a burger, fries and 2 margaritas for like $11!! Seriously, it was delicious and a deal! So, I'm caving. I'm writing this review and declaring my appreciation for FEZ and admitting that it's not just because Thomas S. is awesome. Thomas S. AND FEZ are awesome!! xoxo
3	My partner and I had heard about FEZ from all our queer friends in Phoenix, and so we jumped at the chance to check it out when our friends wanted to go there.Despite getting there around 7pm on a Saturday evening, they were able to put us on the heated patio with only a short wait.  It was fine with a coat, but I wouldn't suggest it otherwise. I'm guessing in the summer they have misters.It started off well.  Most of us got iced teas, and some of us ordered starters.  My partner and I got a half/half basket of sweet potato fries/garlic rosemary fries.  The garlic ones were good, as were the sweet potatoes ones, but they were a bit too sugary to start the meal out with.From there, the food stayed tasty, but the service went down hill.  It took a while for the extra ketchup to come out, and when it finally did, 3 main courses were brought out (for a table of 7).  Another seven minute later, 3 more courses came out.  People were polite, but after another five minutes, I told everyone to dig in. I desperately tried to find out server, but to no avail.  When I finally did (when the rest of the table was half way done -- she never even came back for a "how is everything" check to note that my veggie burger hadn't come out). When I finally caught her, she told me it was right there on the counter, and she just needed to grab it.  However, it took another 5-7 minutes for it to come out.Then, she never did a taste check.  She filled someone's water glass with iced tea, took it and the tea pitcher away to fix it, and left 3 of us with empty iced tea glasses till the end of the meal.  She brought one less box then asked for, and it took another 10 minutes to get the extra box.Of course, since we were a group, the 20% gratuity was included. I don't know if she was new, or just knew she didn't have to worry about the tip, but I was far under impressed.However, the excellent food, rocking tunes and cool decor will be enough to get me back in the door again to give it a second chance.
5	My absolute favorite when visiting Phoenix! I love everything, but find myself getting the Fez Burger and sweet potato fries more than anything else.
3	I've read past yelpers' review of this place and keep coming back expecting to be wowed.  Unfortunately, I am not one of the hundreds of people that rave about this place.  Maybe I've just been going to Fez on off days.  Anyhow, the food here is solid, so I can't bring myself to giving it anything less than three stars -- despite my experiences with the service.For starters, we tried the hummus and flatbread.  On past visits I've tried the S&P Fries and the phyllo spinach cakes.  All wonderful.  The hummus has just the right balance of tang and garlic, and when I do go back, I think this will be my starter staple.  It's a good thing the portions were big because we waited a solid 40 minutes for the entree.In all fairness to Fez, the burger is excellent.  The Tangier burger was flavorful and juicy and definitely a value for the price.  My wife has ordered the lambchops twice now and it has never been cooked to her liking.  We've tried having it cooked medium-well and it came back well done.  One time we even ordered it medium, hoping they would overcook it and achieve medium-well, and it still came back well done.  Chops are kind of skimpy, so I could see how they could overcook quickly.  On a past visit, I ordered the Chilean sea bass and they served me some fish they tried to pass off as Chilean sea bass (striped bass maybe).Service is hit or miss.  My server was friendly and helpful, but it kind of annoyed me that servers only seem to be able to refill ice teas for their assigned table, even though people with empty glasses are two feet away.  I've never been a server, so maybe this is a common practice.If you go to Fez, you can't go wrong with the appetizers and the burgers.  I've never tried the salads, but looking at the salads of other patrons, it seems that this a safe choice also.  Order main dishes at your own peril.
5	My friends and I were out late and we decided we wanted to try to find a place with reverse happy hour on a Saturday night.  Went online to yelp and found FEZ that was close to where we were, call the restaurant and was told indeed they have reverse happy hour on Saturday night from 10pm-12am.Perfect!  Love the atmosphere, the waiter was attentive- didn't get annoyed when I changed my drink order from wine to water and joked around with us.There were four of us.  Three of us had the lettuce wrap which was delish!  The lettuce wrap came with 5 stalks of Romaine lettuce and the chicken was mixed with cranberries, dried apricot, dates, almonds- absolutely filled with flavor.  Generous portions- enough to be a meal.  The fourth person had their chicken sandwich which was also delish.  We thoroughly enjoyed our drinks and our food and would definitely go back there again!
5	Oh Fez ! Thank you for being one of my go to places. I adore the way you always  provide the best food and super service. I have to say when I picked up my oldest girls at the airport and they looked starving , I knew what to give them --FEZ.   We love the sweet potato fires and given them the honor of "best sweet potato fries in the world".  We also loved our waiter Brandon who made us feel like family and even went out of his way to find a food item not on the menu  for the youngest daughter.Way to go Brandon --We loved the great service.
5	The Fez burger alone will make you go back for more. It has a cool atmosphere without being pretentious and when the weater is nice the padio can't be beat. We went there for my birthday last year and was treated to a classic car show on Central :)
5	I adore this restaurant and the people who run it. The food is simply the icing on the cake. I always try to bring folks from out of town or have lunch meetings here.Exceptional drinks. FEZ fries are to die for...but my favorites have to be the pesto caesar salad and the pomegranate chicken. And the FEZ burgers...OMG.LOVE. Highly recommended.
4	Hubby and I stopped in at Fez quite by accident last Thursday. Have been hearing about it for months but were in the area and happened upon it. I must say we enjoyed the whole experience. First we must start with the gspot special drink. I am normally a wine drinker, not swayed by sweet foo foo drinks. This one was on special ($3) and caught our eye due to the "made from fresh pink grapefruit" description. DIVINE. We both enjoyed it. Then we moved on to split the pasta special with shrimp and veggies and white wine sauce. Sounds like every other pasta dish in town, but the flavors were exceptional. We were both mopping up the sauce. The wait staff was adorable and friendly and it made for a lovely experience. Will definitely go back soon!
3	We went back this past Sunday for Brunch. After the owner let me know they'd recently let go of a female server, I was ready to come back and try it again.My partner is a brunch enthusiast, so she was quite excited about going here at 11am on a Sunday.  However, the options were fairly limited, and she was less than impressed with her omlette and roasted potatoes, remarking that she could cook something similar and tastier herself.  There weren't any real veg-friendly brunch options, so I opted for the veggie burger.  Again, it was good. Not outstanding, but good.Service started out much better this time, and was good through getting served.  Then we never got a "how are things" check, and getting the actually check took quite some time. Enough for us to plan our next move, for each of us to go, one at a time, to the restrooms, to finish our drinks, and then it finally showed up.The food? I think it's good. I love the fries and the veggie burger isn't bad.  But it's not quite amazing, and the service leaves quite a bit to be desired.  Maybe we should try it on a Monday afternoon when there is no one else there?
4	GET THE FEZ BURGER, SIDE OF SWEET POTATO FRIES.that's it.the fez burger is honestly one of the best burgers ive ever had the privilege of putting in my mouth.  true, its not the traditional burger, but the ciabatta(sp?) bread and the whatever juiciness sauce they have on it will win you over.if its your first time here, dont bother looking at the menu.  succumb to the sweet deliciousnessosity of the fez burger.side note: the decor + the friday night crowd + the "v.i.p. table booth" made me feel like i was eating at fancy pants austin powers club of the future.  the outdoor patio crowd also appeared to thoroughly enjoy every time phoenix's shiny new light rail transit system whoosh'd by.
2	Good for drinks. The food is just so so and over priced.
2	In my opinion, Fez does not live up to these 4 and 5 star reviews. High Points of our experience:-Really tasty dirty martini-Cool lighting -Interesting mix of patronsLow points:-Bug in my water (EWWWWW)-Slow rude service-Expensive for what you get!!I ordered the Fex Kirsa (sp??) it was better than decent but I wish our rudish waiter would have warned me that the sauce is a tad spicy. I like the manchago cheese shaved on top though.  I'm not saying I will not return to Fez if a group of friends was going, but I am definitely in no hurry to return.
5	Dear FEZ,We have courted on several occasions. At first I thought maybe we were destined to be casual flings forever. I loved your eclectic style mixed with your sensuality. I've always loved that you filled your delicious martinis to the brim, but in the back of my head thought you were always just trying to get me drunk. Your menu begs me to keep coming back for more whenever I get the chance.However, you went above and beyond the other night, and it's all thanks to your delightful server Candace. She is a diamond in the rough and needs to be given a handsome bonus or raise. Do not reward her with vacation though, as I expect her schedule to follow my FEZ cravings from here on out :)From the get go, my crew of out of towners were suspicious they would not receive their food in time to enjoy it, not be rushed, and be able to make their flights back home. I was selfish and wanted to show them the best restaurant not in walking distance from the hotel and bussed them on the light rail to FEZ.We informed the staff of our situation and apologized in advance. And we experienced the best service I have ever had probably anywhere in the valley. Our waters were delivered promptly (but without bendie straws.. slight sad face) and we ordered immediately after. Candace never minded repeating the drink menu items as we didn't have but one of those menus on the table for all 10 of us. Our food came out quickly and all at the same time. Drinks were delivered with flair. Everyone spent the first few minutes moaning in happiness. Following it were a few moments of extreme gratitude for the delicious food and then a lot more silence as we devoured our meals without feeling like we were in a hurry any longer. The bills were brought out.. separate... to everyone right as some of us were about finished and needed to start thinking about a ride to the airport. It was beautiful. Despite gratuity being included, I believe we all included extra because we truly appreciated our service and meals that night.In fact, I can never finish my fries and FEZ burger so I had half sitting there and one of my friends asked if they could have some of it as it was so delicious the first time he had it.I love you FEZ, and I always will. You truly impressed me all over again, and left a great impression of what Phoenix has to offer on visitors.
4	I came to FEZ for a birthday party, and was quite pleased really. The decor was very modern, and the restaurant had a good vibe to it. There was a party of about 20 of us, and they had no problem accommodating seating arrangements. I had a glass of cava, and the hummus and was a very happy girl. We passed around a few other appetizers and drinks, and everyone seemed to enjoy the experience. Dessert was a delicious piece of tiramisu. The only down side was that it took forever to get my bill. I mean unusually long. I worried that the gorgeous waiter had taken off with my card to go shopping or something. Other than that, it was a fantastic time!
3	Sunday we were heading to Switch but decided to stop at Fez instead.  I guess you could say we "switched" our plan?Fez has a nice atmosphere and friendly service.  We both ordered a  Sam Adams and shared a plate of hummus.  The hummus was great with a few slices of olives in it and really tasty flatbread.I ordered the lemon caper chicken and my gf had the shrimp kisra.  My chicken was good but not over the top.  There were two pieces of chicken and enough that I was able to take plenty home.The shrimp kisra is kinda like a pizza.  I thought it was just ok and a little soggy.Overall it was a nice meal but I thought the prices were a little high.Next time we'll switch back again and try Switch.
4	Holy insanely delicious Sweet Potato Fries! How have I never had these before. I feel like a lame-o for updating my review based on fries but I don't really give a shit. They ARE that good. GoGo now..
4	I have been to FEZ twice now, when passing through Phoenix. First, the decor is amazing, an oasis of urbanity amid the heat and sprawl of Phoenix. Excellent lighting and decoration. And I love the food, a mix of Mediterranean and American fare. This last time, I had a grilled-chicken sandwich with pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dried cherries, and field greens on ciabatta. My dinner companions had different sandwiches, and all were good, but one of my companions said he thought his sandwich was just a tad over-sauced. The sweet-potato fries were a real treat. I plan to make FEZ a regular stop when I travel through Phoenix again.
5	Fez is like a hip Los Angeles restaurant, only the servers are actually friendly. And while the plates on the menu run about $15, they've got plenty of hidden specials they pimp on Facebook and Twitter.Gotta put on a nice shirt before I head over, but that's the price you pay for the upscale digs.While the (still amazing) Fez Burger isn't quite as good as Delux, the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries are in a whole different league. You'll want to order these every visit, even if it's brunch.Speaking of brunch, try the Fez Omelet. It's stuffed with grilled lamb, herbed goat cheese and grilled peppadews, a pepper you really must get to know.The short draft list usually includes a Sam Adams beer and Kona's Fire Rock, but I worry that their biggest seller is Stella Artois (nobody's perfect). I'm a fan of their grapefruit-heavy vodka drink, even though it's a little embarrassing to order a "G Spot."
2	UPDATE-My colleague wrote a long, truthful review for this restaurant. It was negative in context, so the owner complained to Yelp and had it removed. I am downgrading my review from a 3 to a 2, which is what his was. Be careful who you listen to here, the negative ones magically disappear.On to my review...FEZ is one of my favorite restaurants... For the food. The service is extremely hit or miss! I've been to this particular spot at least a dozen times because I love their brunch. My girlfriends always come with me because FEZ has the most fantastic drinks ever! We have found that sitting at the bar is best if you want to be treated like a lady. This review would be five stars if it weren't for the poor quality of people on the floor. I tried to email the owner at FEZ from their web site to stress my concern, as I spend somewhere around $600 a year here but I have received no response. I don't believe we'll be going back anymore, and it breaks my heart. I loved you FEZ, but I'll be going somewhere that my money is better appreciated :(
4	I went here about a month ago with my dad after seeing someone suggest this place on good old facebook.It has a modern, funky vibe to it. My work is very casual so I wear a t-shirt & jeans everyday, I felt a bit underdressed with all the business attire I saw around me. I ordered the shrimp kisra, it was AMAZING!! This thing was huge, about 10-12 slices so I only ate half, maybe less, & brought the rest home for dinner. My hubby loved it also! My dad ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich with a side salad, he said it was just ok. I brought his leftovers home also & my hubs said it was pretty good.I definitely will be coming back to this place, especially to try the sweet potatoe fries everyone on here raves about!
5	A place with over 300 reviews, a favorite of many people on Yelp and I finally make my first visit? I know, right? I need to get out more. I have wanted to go to Fez for a while to see what all the fuss is about, but had not yet made the effort. To be honest, I stumbled onto it quite by accident. Arriving at Urban Yoga more than 2 hours prior to my massage appointment, I needed to kill some time, so I turned to my handy Yelp mobile application. When I saw Fez was only a few blocks away, I had to walk down and give it a try.I wasn't sure what to expect. With all of the positive things said about Fez, would it live up to the hype? Maybe it was an urban legend? I remember Ebony K. and Gabi M. talking about sweet potato fries, so I knew I had to try those! Walking in, it was early and not that busy. The bar was about 3/4 full, but the dining area was mostly empty. One thing I read in many Yelp and food critic reviews was the bold marriage of flavors of the food. The first indication was the table itself - a bold orange table with stark white plates and white linen napkins. Looking over the drink menu I ordered a Sam Adams Cherry Wheat Ale. This is a good beer with a subtle cherry flavor. I tried on previously in the Atlanta airport at Sam Adams and commented it was good, but at $7.50 was a bit too high - Fez had it for $3. Yeah, baby! The menu was packed with many good sounding choices, but going to yoga soon I brought shouldn't have anything too heavy - my Yelp app indicated there was an April customer appreciation special: tomato basil bisque with grilled cheese on Texas toast for $6.50. Yes, please. And of course the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries. When it arrived I the server presented it with a side of apricot aolie sauce...I couldn't tell you what apricot aolie sauce was going in, and if it were something to order on the menu I would have passed it over, but I am so glad it came with the fries. It was incredible and had an excellent flavor. Definitely worth the $4.95 for the basket - and I could only finish half. All in all, my bill was $17 - for a beer, the fries, soup and sandwich. When the check arrived I felt like the guy on the Staples commercial "THAT'S A LOW PRICE!" I was definitely pleased with my first (and won't be my last) experience with Fez.
4	So I know there are already a million reviews on FEZ and how good the cinnamon dusted Sweet Potato fries are (Agreed- BTW) but I felt like I had to add my two cents in.. and also have an excuse to upload a picture.  We went to an event downtown so we wanted to grab a quick bite somewhere on the lightrail before hand... the bf suggested FEZ because I've taken him to Ticoz and Switch and he has loved both of those... but I have never been a fan of FEZ, I always found the limited menu to be just well, strange... There was always one ingredient they would throw on an item that just made it not sound appealing at all, so I'd always just end up with a simple burger (not even the FEZ burger) and then just be so-so on the place.    So this time.. I decide I would just pick something new and try to enjoy it and if it sucked, then I'd get a Soft Pretzel downtown for dinner instead!FEZ did me proud and we enjoyed our meal and the nice weather on the patio!We split an order of the sweet potato fries and then he ordered the April Appreciation special, Tomato basil bisque with grilled cheese sandwich on Texas toast! For only $6.50.  I had looked through the yelp photos trying to see what the lettuce wraps looked like to determine if they were going to be good at all because they sounded like they could be too sweet with pears, cherries, dates in it... but since I didn't find a picture I just took a leap of faith and ordered anyways.  They were very tasty and I couldn't finish it all for a meal, so definitely share this others!!   I'm uploading a picture incase anyone else was curious about them.  Overall, FEZ has impressed me more on this visit than in the past... but I still hold Ticoz and Switch's food much higher
5	This restaurant is one of my top five in all of the Valley. I eat at FEZ usually about once a week I love it so much! There are so many great things that this restaurant offers to our community. FEZ has such a great mix of customers as well as a mixed staff.The staff at this place is off the charts. Every staff member offers a personal touch in their own way and they always seem so happy! The people that work at FEZ are the ideal servers...you know, the ones that you think aren't real! The kinds that don't bother you ever 5 minutes to verify that you are doing okay, yet the kind that always makes sure your drinks are full. It's fantastic.Now for the best part: The Food!! I have yet to try something at FEZ that I am not a fan of. I grew up always demanding the food I wanted, which always kept me from trying new things, thus made me an extremely picky eater. FEZ is one of the places that I am not afraid to try anything. The food is amazing, the drinks are strong, and the staff is fabulous. It really doesn't get much better than that does it? Oh yes, actually it does: they have monthly meal specials and a drink special every night of the week! You can't beat that!
5	very happy to finally meet thomas. not so happy that for the first time in my life, the starters filled me up and i was bizarrely unable to order entrees. my friend and i got the sweet potato fries and some fish cake- both ridiculously tasty and both came with sauces that i could have taken a late night swim in.it was also the first time since i lived in the east village that i felt sad not to be a gay man cause holy damn were there some morsels of just gorgeous gay men. also some sexually ambiguous ones that made me want to go back with a non-married friend up for some peligro. my friend spent most of the night trying to get me to stop giving "fuck me" eyes to both genres of these men. i defied her. the atmosphere was hip, though not hipster, cool but not too cool for school. the starters were simply too filling for me to do further damage but both fantastic- as were the drinks of the night- pomegranate press.  it made me sad that for the first time of my life i was unable to force-feed cause i was ready to rub the fez burger all over my face and leave some bits for my flight back to portland to snack on.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueSo... it already has 312 reviews....  So, I don't know what new I can say.  I guess I'm just writing this to prove I've been there.And I'm glad I've been there!  Super tasty food, and surprisingly affordable.  You can get a pizza (called a kisra?) for $13.  "That's not expensive, but not affordable either, Sean".  Au contraire (sp?).  I was hungry like a bear, and I could only kill half of it.  I'll split it next time.But I think their hummus is the headliner.  It's so garlicky that I have to believe that the chef also has some crosses and holy water on him at all times.  And in case you missed it, garlicky is good.  The rosemary pita alongside it is fantastical too.  Put them together, and be prepared.Unfortunately I never got my leftovers back (they were taken away to be boxed), and my second/third drinks weren't light on the sugary syrup like they'd done for my first drink.  No super biggies to me, but explains the 8 (rather than 9) service score above.
5	i did the one thing you will never do. the one thing you would never imagine. and yes i did it.i added bacon to the Fez Vegi-Burger. and it was delicious.i know what you are thinking...omg that sounds friggin awesome...and you would be right. but you wouldn't be the first to taste it...nope. that would be me. so...you will just need to try it...and accept the fact you are second. third. tenth. or thousandth by now.yes i know i'm genius.
3	** NOTE: This review is for their Brunch.Whatevs. That's how I felt after Fez. Yelp is such a cheerleader for Fez and to diss Fez in the Talk section is akin to walking into the NAACP offices wearing a sandwich board that says "Fuck MLK", but here we go.....The atmosphere was good. Reminds me of some local L.A. spots we used to frequent. Hip, chic, ultra-modern, pretty people everywhere, a good environment. Service was friendly and prompt. Our server was extremely cheerful and great.The breakfast food was just "ok". For a $9 breakfast, I would expect every item on the plate to be amazing. Unfortunately, they weren't. My wife's sandwich was also just "ok"... nothing amazing, nothing worth the price, or worth the hype.I suppose I would try Fez again, perhaps we ordered the wrong items.
3	The food at Fez is consistently decent and I know exactly what to expect.  I never know what to expect for service, but based on my couple of experiences at Fez, I have to actually say the service is...um...LACKING.  Yes, lacking is a good word to describe the experience at Fez.  You can find out more from the plethora of reviews already written.
4	Loved the pesto & dijon lamb chops, and the groovy atmosphere to boot! Wish I had tried the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries everyone lauds to the sky...will do it next time, fo' sure!!! :)And it's an easy jaunt on the light rail from my downtown condo. Sweet!
5	How Fez isn't 5 stars just blows my mind. Best restaurant in the city. Had the Lamb Kisra last night, it's probably my 15th favorite entree on the menu, and it was still fabulous. Friend them on FB and you'll get an update everyday of the specials. So good. Not much more to say, it's the best. Mascarpone Cheesecake omg!Mark
4	Come for the food, the drinks and the decor; not the service. It's not that the service is horrible, but if you're looking to be "wow'd" by the staff ... you'll be waiting indefinetely. They've got an awesome menu, which includes $3 drink specials and a $5 meal (which changes daily). If you like good music, good food, and you've got cool friends to break bread with - then go to FEZ! I recommend the veggie burger, sweet potatoe fries, and whatever the $3 cocktail is =)
4	Oh FEZ!  What country was that guy from again? :)  I rather enjoy FEZ, I really don't expect much from this place but they always deliver.  Sweet Potato fries with cinnamon...yum!  Their menu is innovative...things I would never thought  that would go well together.  Yet, it works...it really really works.  :)  If you looking to grab a drink or two...not bad spot to pick in downtown Phoenix.
4	Great food , great place, great service, awesome decor
1	now i've discovered why i've never given this place a bother.as previous reviews have attested-- service is non-existent; instead, its the peripheral glance of the same servers rushing past your table as if they were real fucking busy. really? we've been waiting for half an hour or so already. deciding that my ass had become numb from waiting, we managed to flag down a hastily walking server and finally gave our order. so, pomegranate margarita is OK. seafood kibis is frozen product, thawed, fried, not very seafood. lamb kibis is the less appetizing $12.95 unfolded version of much tastier gyro that can be found elsewhere for half the price. i suppose its good we were saved the task of having to answer to "how's everything tasting?"...because, quite precisely, everything is not tasting [good] at all. fez is one of those places that you go to, wait a long time (in hopes that the food redeems itself), and receive a server who places more importance on their strut and getting your friends number. ultimately you are left with underwhelming food, money and time, wasted.
4	Thanks to FEZ for being my most dependable go to hang. I usually sit at the bar and have never had problems with the service. They serve my favorite hummus (GARLIC breath!) and the best (strong) bloody Mary's and I consider myself a connoisseur of both! Everything I've had here is de-lish. Go on Saturday or Sunday for cheap Marys!
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant! It is trendy and fun and simply has the best tasting food.  The menu offers great choices at all price ranges. Whether you order an entree, kisra, or sandwich...it is sure to be delicious!  The hummus is THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!  The restaurant also offers great specials and drinks.  This is a must in the city of Phoenix!
4	Really cool lounge/ bar/ diner-type of place.
5	I had to boost my rating up to 5 stars, Fez is the shiznit!I took my childhood friend, Jacinthe, here today for lunch because she was in town from Vegas for a couple days & had never been here, which surprised me because she's from Phoenix.We got there around 12:30 & it was packed! Our sweet & bubbly waitress took our drink order right away while we looked over the menu. I was tempted to get the shrimp kisra again but I thought "no, I must try something different"! I got the half order of the strawberry/blueberry cashew salad with chicken & Jac got the half order of the tomato taza salad with salmon. We also shared a basket of the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries. The salads were amazing, so fresh & tasty & the chicken/salmon were grilled perfectly. The sweet potato fries; OH EM GEE-hands down the best I've ever had!! Oh & the aioli dipping sauce that came with, delish!Our total came to $34 & some change, seems a bit high for lunch but it really is worth it for the quality of food. I can't wait to come back for dinner/cocktails & even though I never go out for it, their brunch menu sounds awesome. I love you Fez!!!
4	First Let me say I love Russell the bartender!I love the atmosphere, Great food and great folks!    Tonight I was eating solo so I had a seat at the bar, this is where the fun starts. lolI got a real good vibe from Russell so asked him to pick out my dinner menu.   It was all fantastic!seafood kibis crispy lobster & shrimp risotto cakes with pesto aioli Panko Salmon with artichokes, tomatoes and asparagus in a white wine lemon voulete; served over smashed potatoesHousemade Oreo CheesecakeBefore leaving I got to meet Thomas the manager, nice guy.  He seems to be very in the know, he has over 471 reviews on YELP alone.   Geesh  I promise I will do better!
5	Obviously Fez is a popular place based on the number of reviews, and I'm adding my review, number 334, here.Went to Fez last night for the first time ever and I have to say that I was greatly impressed.  First impressions are huge, and my first impression was that the restaurant was clean, and welcoming.  The staff were great and we were seated immediately.We ordered an appetizer of sweet potato fries and garlic rosemary fries.  Mmmm.  They were cooked just right.  The sweet potatoes fries were crispy and light, sprinkled with a dusting of cinnamon and sugar, served with a sweet dipping sauce- heavenly.  The savory garlic rosemary fries were to die for..  Same crispy light textures, served with a savory dipping sauce..   The fries were served in a container, and the four of us easily shared them.  There were more than enough for at least 8 people with just two orders.I also ordered the brushetta, which was divine.  My dinner guests enjoyed the artichoke dip, while I preferred the pesto.  However, they all were amazing choices.The entrees were excellent too.  I had a strawberry blueberry cashew salad.  The salad was fresh and delicious to behold.  My only complaint were that the cashews were raw, instead of roasted and salted.  I felt the salty cashews would have been a better compliment to the sweetness of the blueberries and strawberries.  However, it was a delicious salad.My husband, the beef eater, took a leap on the wild side and had a tan tan chicken sandwich.  The chicken was beautifully breaded and his meal looked delicious.  He is not one for this type of food, preferring a plain old hamburger, but he thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich. It was served with a fresh field green salad on the side.I give Fez five stars and highly recommend.  Numm!Kudos!
5	Wow imagine this another 5 star review for Fez.  I had been wanting to try this place out after so many people telling me how great it was on here and offline.  So yesterday afternoon I decided that it was time.  When arriving to Fez I really liked how the building was setup very cool decor and felt very open.  So we got a window seat and order a round of beer to start off.  They have Kona on tap so I was happy already.  For the meal we ordered the shrimp kisra which is like a flatbread with a pile of awesomeness on it.  Then we got the tan-tan chicken sandwich which is a panko breaded chicken breast with olives, and baba ganoush spread.  It was really good as well.  I saw many other things on the menu I wanted to try including the creme brulee which changes flavors daily.  I also want to try the sweet potato fries but I was just too full this trip.  The food was excellent so I know I will be back soon to eat here again.
5	I work downtown and FEZ is one of my favorite places for lunch. The services is always fast, friendly and helpful. The food is consistently great! I love the menu which has a nice variety of some unique items.Try the Apricot BBQ as a wrap and grilled. Delish!
5	This update is long overdue.  I've been back many times since my first casual encounter with FEZ.Somehow my relationship with FEZ has both deepened and at the same time maintained a casual air.Since my first review of FEZ (which happened to be review #200 for FEZ, not by accident) I have been back many times for lunch, dinner, events, book launches...many happy returns.FEZ has in some way become a bit of a bfwb.  Benefits with a slight middle eastern flair at that.
3	interesting place.not exclusive to fez, but like anywhere trendy and popular, a hip crowd means paying hip prices for drinks that are a pain to order, whether at the stuffed bar or through a server you hope will find you again in a timely manner.flirtatious staff - some of them maybe too much (not in a homophobic way, but just that if i were a hetero server somewhere else, and hit on a female customer this much, i'm sure there would be complaints)the food was really good, and i could see myself enjoying fez more simply as a regular restaurant than an evening niteclub type of setting.
4	Dilemma: where the heck to find a nice place to eat near AZ Fairgrounds/Grand? (Shiverrrrrrrrrrrrr)Promblem solved!  Found the answer @ Fez!Candace was super speedy, always had a smile, and returned to our table about a dzn times in the 90 mins we were here.Gazpacheo & Grilled Crustini was OMG good!  (problem was it only came with 3 tiny pieces of bread, had to ask for more, got few pieces of pita, still had 1/2 left bowl of gazpacheo, asked for more bread - cuz like what the heck are you going to do with a bowl of dip otherwise? and they charged us for the extra bread?  x 2 ?  not cool).Cheese & Garlic Fondue was pretty good.  So was the Chicken Strips.Really good drink specials (unfortunately, had none as their specialties are mostly tequila based - not for me!  nor am I a beer drinker, and I did not like their house wine).  But I did have a nice bottle of Sav. Blanc from New Zealand.Anyhow, this fit the bill at having fabby Nom~Noms before heading over to the Coliseum (~ick~) at the Fairgrounds to see the Roller Derby Girls - Whoop~ Whoop!
5	So, I've been meaning to get to Fez for maybe three years now and so it was really great to finally get there.  I have to say that the wait was worth it but I'm sad that I haven't partaken of the food this whole time due to my tardiness!  I had the Fez Burger since I had heard so much about it.  The pears really do make that burger!All the food ordered around the table was met with happy smiles and yums all around....fries were crisp and flavorful, drinks exceptional and the service was quite impressive!  We were thanked for coming in and we WILL be back!  I have quite the menu to work around!
5	You can't go wrong with anything on this menu. I haven't had a bad dish here. Phyllo packets, fez salad, fez burger, kisras, all melt in your mouth.  If you like real garlic-e humus, give it a try.  It's awesome!  Oh, all the martinis are just great too.  Candice is the best sever there just in case you care.  They never disappoint!
2	So, I've been here a couple of times because I work pretty close by. I've ordered it for pick up so my review isn't based on service (as a lot of the other low scores seem to be...). Instead, my review is based on the fact that it is not really quality food, and definitely not fair priced. Everything I have to say, has been said before, so I'm just going to go with the most important. The food isn't anything to write home about. ( or write on yelp about?) and the pricing doesn't fit the bill at all. Ikea is cheap. Location is cheap. Ingredients and proportions are cheap. Why is the cost to me so high?
5	I just finished their ducelle burger special. Oh man was it delicious. There was a hint of wasabi that really made the burger outstanding. I love how fez puts the right mix of interesting ingrediants in to their burgers. Really is so unique. Can't wait to try another one of their specialty burgers. And our server Lauren was so sweet. Thanks fez!
5	I dont have much to say about this place. One word describes it. HOLY CRAP IT IS SO GOOD!!!....Hmm ok that was more then one word...oh well. Please go try the Fez Burger....dont read the ingredients ....just try it! Yes I know it has fruit on a burger....but just shut up and try it the come back and tell me how much you love me for opening your eyes. Bon Apetite!
3	3.5 would have been more fitting. did not dig the vege burger, as it was basically a clump of black beans and did not taste anything like a regular patty. the fez burger i can confirm was excellent. squash pasta was decent, nothing to write home about though. lamb and spinach pizza thing-a-majig was NOT good. sweet potato fries were excellent, garlic fries not bad either. service was excellent and attentive. regarding ambiance... i found the place obnoxiously loud with cheesy background music that was totally superfluous and did not add anything to the restaurant but rubbish noise. worth a quick stop if you're digging a good burger and fries.
4	I have frequented Fez quite a few times now, each trip nothing but delicious. I have had the sweet potato fries, and they will beat Delux hands down. The burgers are much better too. My favorite is the blackbean burger with goat cheese. I have also tried the soup and hummus and both were tasty. Drinks are awesome here too. I like the pomegranate presses and the martinis. Also, try this place for a delicious brunch with great drinks. I recommend the egg white omelet with harissa.  Mimosa and bloody mary's are both great ways to start the morning. Can't say enough about how yummy this place is.
4	Fez is a great place! I used to go all the time but since moving to Scottsdale I can't go as often as I used to. But the food is great and the drinks are awesome. They have this yummy melon drink with gummy bears or  gummy worms, but anyway it is really good. My favorite dishes are the lamb chops with pesto and the Lamb Kisra my 11 year old loves their burgers and sweet potato fries. Their Spicy fries are also good they pair them with this yummy garlic mayo dipping sauce Mmmm. But by far my very favorite thing is to go on a Saturday and Sunday for brunch OMG their brunch is truly the best. Fez has GREAT Fez Benedict (eggs Benedict) this is one the of few places you can still get great eggs Benedict. They also make yummy French toast and this awesome breakfast pasta. I must say when I first saw the breakfast pasta on the menu I thought it was weird but it is truly delicious so much so that I took my boyfriend to try it and he had to try and make it at home. Fez is a must try the service has not always been the best it really depends on the server but they always look Fab and the decor is really cool. Fez Is a place that you want to go to when you are not in a rush, it's a place to take your time and enjoy.  It is also a hot spot for drinks so once the sun goes down the music goes up and the drinks flow Woohoo let the good times Roll :)
2	I stopped by FEZ to have a drink with a girlfriend... and wasn't exactly impressed.  The service at the bar was surprisingly poor.  I practically had to wave my arms and do a little dance to get anyones' attention.  While my drink (something pink and fruity) was pretty tasty, the sugar rim was ridiculous!  The condensation from the glass made the sugar turn to a simple syrup which proceeded to coat my entire hand in sugary goo.  Yuck!  I finally gave up, just so I didn't have to touch the glass anymore.The menu looked interesting, and I'm more than willing to give it a try for lunch or dinner... but lesson learned: no sugar-rimmed drinks... I'll stick with a margarita next time!
2	Interior decor was contemporary and enjoyable.However, the sweet potato fries were not that great.Very dry.Much better fries can be found at Outback Steakhouse (i-17 and Peoria)The sweet potato sauce/dip wasn't to my taste. (sour)Neither was the pizza... it was different. It had a soggy pear on it.Soggy like from a can.The cheese on there was raw.Some people like it. I guess it depends on taste.If you enjoy trying very different food, go for it.Service was slow,the waitress was not attentive to our needs (Water),and there was a huge  fly in the restaurant charging at my food.Seems like the fly liked the food more than I did. :/
5	What can i say? Ohhh, the list of love is LONG here for me. should i start with the cocktails? wickedly strong, best bar service you will get in town, if you see Mike Hawk say hi, ohh an Say his first and last name together REALLY fast five times!! pervy fun }you will know him when you see him, super easy on the eyes! Actually all the staff is amazingly a beautiful set of people. There also happens to be a certain Mr. Smith, he is the BEST no one lovesHello Kitty or wears it better than him, i heart him... The food, it is all amazing from Sunday brunch to late nite eating on a good drink an appetizer date..Def try the brushetta an the hummus, both the best in town to me..Ohh and the sweet potato fries, mmm Thank John cook, yep real name for being a great chef and man.. Look on face book, they have specials listed on there for drinks and food, the prices are really good to begin with.. I say go spread the gospel on this fine place, one of my all time favorites in town hands down
5	Simply one of my fave restaurants in the valley! The servers are always really friendly and the menu is delish!! I love the ambiance and modern decor. You must check out their amazing martinis and wine selection as well. If you haven't been here you need to!!
5	say "yes" to fez!  came here for breakfast with my lover and some friends.  got the fez benedict----tres wow!  perfectly poached eggs w/ jamon on sourdough. sipped peach belinis (a fabulous cocktail of peach and champagne).  kill me now, please...soooo good. server was very sweet and handsome, friendly yet unobtrusive.  decor was not memorable.  just another sheik, unthreatening phoenix interior lined w/ big windows.
4	Cinnamon sugar sweet potato fries: enough said. One of my initial gripes about Phoenix was the apparent lack of fabulous dining options, but all I needed was lunch at FEZ to change my mind. Service was a bit slow, but the Fez burger and an amazing variety of fries more than compensated. The gay-friendly atmosphere was most welcome considering the outright boorishness of Tempe that I had experienced earlier in my trip. FEZ should open a sister restaurant in Los Angeles ASAP.
5	clearly FEZ doesn't need another review, but i wanted to chime in about the veggie burger. i wish i didn't work three minutes from FEZ because when i forget my lunch that's all i can dream about. so, alas, the black bean veggie burger has been consumed more times than should be legal. the burger is sandwiched between a delicious cabbage coleslaw and goat cheese. it can't be the healthiest thing around, but it's certainly one of the most delicious.the drink specials are phenomenal; just wish i could enjoy a few on my lunch hour! keep up the delicious work, FEZ.
5	I've been to Fez three times in the past 2 weeks. That's normally a frequency I reserve for the Vig, but I'm glad I did because I've now had a burger, a salad, and brunch, which means I can give a very well rounded review.  That well rounded review is: EVERYTHING EFFING ROCKS.Seriously, the sweet potato fries. Are you kidding me with those damn sweet potato fries? Extraordinary. I cheers them with people sometimes. It's really lame. I apologize to everyone I've done that too, I just feel they need to be revered.The Brunch? Um $3 morning beverages and the Fez Omelette that's so full of goat cheese there is literally not ONE bite without it?   NOT ONE BITE.  Outstanding.The little half versions of their salads is more than enough for me, and at $7 they are a great value, considering the good shit to lettuce ratio. They go very heavy on the good shit (you know, the stuff that actually has a taste).I can see how everyone loves the Fez burger too. To be honest, I'm not a huge BBQ fan so the flavor isn't really for me, but if you are I'm sure it would be pure deliciousness.The service is always amazing, with impeccable timing and great knowledge of the product. It's like they've actually tried everything on the menu. Shocking, I know.I guess in order to really round out my review I should try a soup and a dessert. I'll have to just make a huge sacrifice for Yelp and go do that now. Only in the interest of giving the best review I can give. Not because I'm salivating at the thought of Fez while typing this. No, no. That's not why at all.
3	A-OK is really the best way to describe FEZ.  There are a few givens you have to understand before reading this review:1) I've only been to FEZ after a horrendous (awesome) night of drinking - my taste buds could potentially be a bit skewed given the previous 24 hours of intoxication.2) I've only ordered 2 things off the menu.3)  Eggs benedict might be the last thing I order for my last supper, so I'm not overly harsh on my critique anywhere I go that offers that on the menu.That being said - this place is pretty cool.  They have some delish Bloody Mary's (although no pickles, I even asked.  I did about 10,000 extra olives though) and mimosas.  I've had the eggs benedict and I'd seriously go back every day for lunch for that if I wasn't extremely vain and concerned with being 5,000 pounds.  It's amazing.  Do not get anything else if you go there first time around.  The egg white omelet they say is the best around, isn't really the best around, but it's pretty good.  Additionally, my friend and I were feeling extra gluttonous and ordered some type of chocolate mousse...pretty damn good.  This place is also gay haven (not a big deal to me) and people watching would get a 5-star rating from me.Try it out - the wait staff is super friendly and cool and I've never had to wait for a table.  Easy parking too, which I can't always say for the restaurants downtown.
4	Went to FEZ on a Friday for lunch with a friend and it was a perfect way to start off my weekend! I had the grilled chicken bruschetta sandwich (their August special)  since we couldn't decide on sweet potato fries or the garlic rosemary fries we ordered a basket with both :-)...it was the perfect combo...we got our food pretty quick during the lunch rush and service was awesome...I will most def. be back!
3	Food is good, mildly above mediocre and service is really unreliable, rude and elitist. I get treated differently based on what/who I come in with. I only come here as often because my boyfriend loves it. Good deals on brunches and cocktails.
5	FEZ is great anytime really, but after experiencing their weekend brunch, i must say, that this is probably one of the best deals you can get for the brunch scene.The weekend brunch cocktail list is over the top (and no not the stallone arm wrestling movie either): mimosas, greyhounds, and bloody marys for $3!! My bloody mary was spicy, stiff and tall, with two green pimento olives and lemon & lime wedges. After two of them i was feeling pretty good!The brunch menu is awesome, huge portions, delicious and varied selection of dishes, and ballpark, prices roughly of $10 or so.FEZ is definitely a viable option for breakfast, and probably your best bet for brunch!
5	Oh FEZ. If you had reproductive parts I would try to impregnate you. We rolled in early one Saturday morning still in the midst of the previous evenings drunk. We were the first customers of the day, but the staff was friendly and ready to roll. After being seated we ordered some cocktails. I had the Bloody Mary, which was good, but a little heavy on the Worcestershire. My breakfast companion had a grapefruit vodka concoction (g-spot) that was pretty tasty. She asked for extra vodka and they willingly complied. We went with the "best egg white omelette you'll ever have" and the "FEZ frittata". They were both outstanding. I asked our server to add some sort of meat to my omelette and it came out over flowing with bacon. He even brought an extra vodka shot to our table to top off the young ladies g-spot.....I just got that. FEZ is too good for a one meal stand. I anxiously await our next meeting.
3	The manager emailed me about my previous post,and said to ask for him next time I visit and he'd make things right.Food really isn't to my taste, but at least management values their customers' business. One star up for manager's effort.
5	I went here with my friends, took my mom, she loved it, and she is hard to please when it comes to food. The selection here is great. The simplest foods are made on the next level here, fun to come at any time if day, but at night it is especially fun. The environment is fantastic, modern design, great music, classy, and just a entertaining feel. I love their pita and hummus! I'd be happy with that, a friend or two, and some of their desert!
5	LOVE LOVE this place!! Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!! Tried the spicy harissa fries yesterday and they were fab!! Highly recommended for anyone in the down town area!!
3	I love to goto FEZ for girl time and cocktails. The atmosphere is always great and the servers are pretty cool. Def try the seafood kisra. Their drink specials are pretty cool also. My friends LOVE the fries here, and they are pretty good, just not my thing.If you're looking for a cute atmosphere, or if you're with a group of people and want to try something a little different, then FEZ is the place for you.
4	Fez is a great restaurant to take people to. It is one of several new Restro-Bar's in town. Is it a bar or restaurant? Well actually both. They have a huge cocktail menu and amazing drink specials. The food is far from bar food. Everything I have ever had here was good. The specials, when they have them, are usually very good. My favorite burger is the FEZ Burger. It is not your typical burger. The service is outstanding and the crowd is easy on the eyes. Give them a go, this place is a regular for me.
5	~My Vida Loca!~    Saturday was supposed to be busy, a GroupMeet in the morning and a Reunion (@ GayDenny's) later in the evening, (no time for a review). Well the GroupMeet @ MardiGras ended early, and Mate did not want any part of the pizza They were serving, (kind of pizza'd out,) He wanted something different. I remembered FEZ having a few dishes with Lamb that looked tasty, (....why did I open My mouth).       So We rode across town, and I actually remembered to take Osborne to Central, then North to avoid the LightRail.       Well because My Mate is Hypoglycemic, He can go from 0 to Bitch in 8.7 seconds. Remember the first scene @ Truvy's in "Steel Magnolias", Shelby (, Julia Roberts) rabidly thrashing around, yeah like that....    As we walk through the door He begins to crash, (as the music is at a volume for Thirty-Somethings).   I quickly ask if He wishes to leave just as Thomas, (dressed in a lovely Tangerine polo) walks up.      Thomas the expert Host is undaunted by the 6 ft. carnivore before Him, guides Us over to table by the window.   Scanning the double-sided menu, Mate decides on the FEZ burger; a half pound grilled Angus burger with spicy honey molasses BBQ, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta.    Mate told David, (Our waiter) "no fries!" I later told David to add the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries.     While We wait Mate drinks His water, looks at Me and drinks My water. Soon the Burger arrives with the fries, Mate bites a few fries, then launches the burger into His face, because it is on a ciabatta roll it appears massive.    Suddenly comments like, "Hey, did You know there are grilled onions and pears on here." "Oh, spicy Barbecue sauce." This coming from an Arizona Native, who during His formative years, was brought up on a Reservation.      He always tells the story, when His mother felt some thing needed a little spice, She would remove a molecule of spice from a container, wave it over the food, proclaim the food spicy, them return the molecule of spice back to the container.      I suggested He might let Me have a taste of the burger, His response was to tip a dozen of the sweet potato fries onto a side plate, and setting it in front of Me.   His subtle way of letting Me know the rest was His.    By the way the fries were indescribable; "Sweet, crisp and tender, all at once!" I know it doesn't make sense, that is just the way it was...    Burger gone, David arrives with the bill, $12.95 (before tax) Mate leaves a $20.oo    Seeing the look on My face, He exclaims; "It was a really good Burger!"       So I have now visited Fez, maybe next time I'll get to try the food.
4	* Update to review - Management reached out to me on this and I felt their response was sincere and they true want to make my experience great there at FEZ. Ill try again sometime (Also one star improvement on this because of the extra effort :)-----------Service was a little slow, but the Kona Fire Rock beer was good along with their sweet potato fries. Would say it's worth a try, its good for a group of friends that want to chill have a drink, some convo and grub.
5	Always awesome ... Open late... Yummy wines.. Tinis.. Vittles.. Get the sweet potatoe fries .. Yum... Fez salad , so yummy and not bad on healthy scale..My friend claimed the burger changed.. Idk.. I go to Fez for wine, kisras, salads & fries:--)
5	This is your girl, Aliya Leigh. At FEZ. LOVE IT. My friends are always here. The staff is great and the place is chic. If you want to be fab, u have to eat here. Twitter: aliya_leigh http://www.aliyaleigh.com
5	The garlic hummus and kisra appetizer is soooooo friggin' good.  It keeps me coming back.  I also love that this place is open late nights for us nocturnal people.  All flavors of the fries are great as well.  Their Martinis are amazing!!
4	So all I ever hear about from my sister (and fellow AZ Yelper) is FEZ, FEZ, FEZ. On a recent visit to PHX, I FINALLY made it over to see what the fuss was about. (after one failed attempt one fateful Thanksgiving evening out on the town but I digress) and I was pleasantly pleased. I loOoOoved the interior decor and the fabulous looking outdoor patio kept calling my name but the 110 degree heat outside said "Shut your mouth!" so I didnt attempt it. At around 1pm on a Friday, the place was humming but not overly (or annoyingly) busy and there was a wide array of patrons so that was cool. Ordered the All-American cheeseburger after debating over getting the FEZ burger. (I should've got the FEZ Burger). The American burger was good, your standard burger fare, it came with some tasty garlic mayo that gave it some interest and the spicy harissa fries were fun. The ciabatta bread was great, I was nervous it would be hard but it was fantastic on the burger and didn't cause any gum-cutting. So all-in-all, my meal was good. Now the FEZ burger, which I bummed a bite off of from my sis, was fan-f'n-tastic. I get a little wierded out by random things on food so the bleu cheese, pear, onion ring combo deterred me in writing but spoke to me in my mouth. Amazing!! My hubby got it with the cilantro on it along with the sweet potatoe fries and devoured it all in minutes. He loved it! Plainly stated, the FEZ Burger is genious so YAY FEZ!!!! You were good and I'm sad that I didnt get to eat the other half of my sister's burger (hours in a car, really hot. . . .long story) but one day when I go back to PHX, I will visit you and take on my own FEZ burger with gusto!!!OoooOoOOOoo and how can I forget the chocolate mousse!!!! VERY, VERY, VERY rich. Thank goodness we shared it because 2 people STILL couldn't finish the entire beautiful display of chocolate mousse and handmade whipped topping. It was a great way to end a good meal though so splurge if get the chance!!
4	Went here again for a friend's birthday party tonight.We sat outdoors. Nice, spacey, fun hangout atmosphere.Our waitress was so nice and on top of things.Her name is Candace (sp?). She was in charge of our group at the patio.Very polite, attentive, and friendly.The sweet potato fries were MUCH better this time.The cinnamon sugar kind of hurt my teeth fillings but whatever, I like sweet potato fries!The hummus ... set a fire in my mouth.it was surprisingly spicy which was unexpected.Not a fan of spicy hummus, but if you like that kind of stuff, try it.Pita was fresh and warm.Bread was thin but hard.I prefer soft bread but thats just my preference.The seasoning for bread tho is good stuff.The pesto and marinara for the bread were especially tasty.Parking was a struggle, it gets so full on a Friday night.We had to park at a meter :/ BuhI liked this place for a late din/ hangout place rather than a lunch place.Totally dig the cool interior lighting at night.If only I could find parking more available/accessable, I would totally go again when I'm visiting central Phoenix.
5	Love FEZ! I go here quite often because of a) the close proximity to where I live, b) the bomb service, and c) the oh-so tasty grubs. Fez is just perfect for Happy Hour (Seriously!!), late night dinner and brunch. You really just can't go wrong here. It's fun, casual, and aesthetically pleasing. Lowlights: - Parking can be out of control at Happy Hour, whatever you do...don't give in to temptation to park in FedEx/Kinkos spaces!- Fondue on the bar menu. Not a fan. Tastes like more roux than actual cheese. Never again. Highlights: - Lord do these people know how to pour a glass of wine! Portions are   generous, to say the least. - Shrimp Krisra, or any Krisra for that matter. - Gyro bowl, hummus, and sweet potato fries!- MANHATTAN & the Apricosmo!!- Pesto & Dijon Lamb Chops
5	FEZ for brunch on Saturday with a bunch of girlfriends was one of the highlights of my weekend. Several of us ordered the FEZ Fritatta and it was perfectly cooked with tasty toppings and the best bacon on the side. I also sampled the sweet potato fries and they were even better than anticipated--a standout.Plates looked pretty. C'mon, that's important! Presentation, people. Service was superb.Hadn't been to FEZ in a while and forgot how delicious it is! Let's go to FEZ more often, girls!
5	my boyfriend and i have eaten this menu up and down multiple times- we can't get enough.first of all: BEST HUMMUS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. i always get it, i cant help myself it so good its like a compulsion.service is spotty. can take a long time. some servers are better than others. but the food itself is worth it so we go back time and again.all salads= fabulous. pastas= fabulous. every single kind of burger= amazing. all fries = better than you can imagine!this place is my favorite lunch place in phoenix to date!
4	FEZ... well isn't that just a snazzy little name. Those three little letters have FEZ frequenters frazzled with excitement.Want to know why I'm caught up in the FEZ frenzy? Well then, these are the 3 FEZ facts that have turned me into a FEZ fanatic - F is for Flavorful.Flavorful pretty much sums up all of the food on the FEZ menu. The more dishes and appetizers I try, the more addicted I become. It's the Tomato Taza and FEZ salads that I enjoy the most - I just add chicken, shrimp or even a huge salmon fillet on top and I've got one flavorful FEZ meal. And those shrimp kisras? Yes please!E is for Everything.FEZ is the perfect spot for everything. Lunch meetings, post-work happy hour, late-night partying, cocktails with friends, dinner dates and family get-togethers... the list goes on and on. I've even used the food on FEZ's brunch menu as a hangover cure and it worked like a charm! Not only that, but everything on the menu is also reasonably priced so my wallet never feels wiped out. Z is for Zealous. I have a zealous love for this place. Something about it keeps me coming back for more. The convenient location, awesome hours and take-out menu are just some of the many reasons why I adore this spot. I mean they even have different booze specials for every day of the week! What's not to love about that! The service doesn't always razzle dazzle me though. Sometimes, even if it's not too crowded, I still have to flag down my friendly FEZ waiter. But overall, FEZ is crazy good!Go check out this FEZtive eatery for yourself. You'll immediately see what all of Phoenix is buzzing is about!
5	Two trips to Fez and I am completely comfortable giving it a 5 star review.  The pour is heavy.  The food is delicious.  The service is great.  They let me smoke on the patio and have a drink in my hand at the same time.  I won't go into detail since it's all been said before but definitely try the chicken philo appetizer.
5	Fez is such a hip, cool place. I love it so much -  I even had my book release party there last year. Thomas, the manager is such a peach, such a joy to have around, and if you're lucky enough to get Chad as your waiter, you're in for a treat. He's sweet, gorgeous, funny and treats you like royalty.Try: the hummus, and the Ceasar salad. Fabulous!
2	Enjoyed my veggie burger with fries. Service sucked the last 2 times. We had to flag down a waitress to get our refills. Next time we'll do take out to avoid tipping poor service
4	Love the food!  I always order the pomegranate chicken salad, with a side of bread and make my own pomegranate chicken sandwhich.  More often than none the service is great, however everyone once in a while you get the "Im too cool to work here and serve you" attitude.  Minor annoyance, worth living through for the food.
4	We went to Fez before a show downtown because I've read all the great reviews and had to check it out myself.  Turns out, all the reviews were spot on.  We started off with the chicken phyllo packets with this incredible dipping sauce, which were amazing!  My Husband and I shared the Fez burger and a basket of sweet potato fries/garlic rosemary fries.  Everything was so great... we loved the cinnamon sugar on the sweet potato fries and the dipping sauce it came with.Overall, we were VERY pleased with our meal at Fez.  It's a great find and had good atmosphere that was trendy, but not intimidating and very comfortable.
5	I met friend for lunch at FEZ today...And as always, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.I hadn't caught up with Mark (my Philosophy Cafe buddy) in several months (he didn't even know that I am headed for the beach!) and it was great to see him and chit-chat for a while.They were smokin' busy at lunch today...Thomas was just a blue shirted blur as he sped through the place making sure each table was getting what they needed and that FEZ was running smoothly!Indeed it was!I was going to have my favorite...the incomparable FEZ burger!But the plan for today was to head to Zinburger for a little celebration dinner tonight (it got a little derailed, we ended up "feasting" at home), so I went with my alternate favorite...the Tan Tan Chicken sandwich!So very good with bacon and fries and so very bad for me (I was fortunate to have just biked for 30 miles this morning, so I needed the additional toxins).It reminds me a little of a muffaletta, but so much better.Mark and I chatted and caught up while we enjoyed FEZ's impeccable service and great sandwiches.I'd tell you I'm going to miss this place when I head to the coast, but it will be in my regular rotation whenever I'm back in the Valley of the Sun.I also offered Thomas the queen size bed in the guest room (he was so nice, said he'd be happy on a futon, but that's not how I roll), so I figure I'll be able to get a table at FEZ when I'm in town!
5	I had an amazing evening. I started the night with a Pomegranate Margarita.This drink is unbelievable!!!. I also had an amazing shrimp in a lobster sauce Pizza with Spinach. The staff was friendly and I felt catered to.  I stayed 3 hours with a friend and the prices were reasonable. I will gladly recommend this restaurant for anyone and will continue to visit this location while in Phoenix.
4	Excellent food and service.  A great place to go for lunch if you are downtown.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  The burgers are great and the lab kriska is yummy!
4	Burgers Mediterranne....Not my usual combo for angus, but in the case of FEZ, I'll choose it every time!After our conference, we again looked to escape from the downtown PHX to get at more of the local flavor.  The previous evening at Gallo Blanco (highly recommended), my local friend recommended some gourmet Fez burgers, and it stayed in the subconscious of my margarita-infused brain until the next day.So we hit it.Fez is a Meditteranean-themed burger joint, lounge, and over-all cool hang out spot in mid-town (is that the area?) Phoenix.  My lady threw down the Fez burger (order this one) and I got the tan tan chicken  (pretty good).  The burger was particularly impressive.  It's rare that getting "creative" with burgers impresses me, but Fez does it right.  Solid block of angus beef, a whole bunch of other medierranne goodness, side of harissa fries, and a saturday brewski... Oak Creek Brewing Heffie made our last day a good one in the PHX.
4	A perfect place to eat if you are staying at the Hilton Garden inn Midtown - it is walkable from across the street. Monday = $3 margaritas which include flavored margaritas. I had the pomegranate and it was phenomenal! Sweet potato fries were excellent - maybe a  little bit too much cinnamon sugar,but great none the less. I ordered the fez salad with lamb and it was amazing.All in all great experience except the very slow service. I had wanted another margarita but after waiting 20 minutes for the waitress to see how my food was I figured forget it.
5	Okay, so when I went to Phoenix on business I asked the local yelpers what were the top places I had to go, and although I only got to go to two of the restaurants they suggested I'm so glad that FEZ made the cut.My co-workers and I had an incredible experience with Brandon, our waiter, who was so cute and fun and answered all of our questions as we tried to choose what to have on this amazing menu. I also got to talk to Thomas (the owner) who was so funny and friendly! I love it when I get to meet the person behind the restaurant, and I can see that his positive personality comes through in the decor and the food!We got there early (around 4:00) and started out with some happy hour drinks. They had half-off margaritas, and I can truly say that the Pomegranate Margarita has spoiled me and I have to find something similar in Dallas, it was the perfect drink, sweet but not sugary, and STRONG. My co-worker tried the Tart Apple Margarita, and it was okay, but the pomegranate was AMAZING! And for $3.50 you can bet I signed up for several of them! Haha.Since we weren't very hungry when we first got there we started with some appetizers. We grabbed the garlic & rosemary fries and an order of the chicken phyllo packets. The fries are incredible, and there are a surprisingly large amount in the basket. When it first arrived we didn't think it would be enough for three people to share, but everytime we looked down there just seemed to be MORE fries. That = awesome. The chicken phyllo packets were pretty good, not amazing, but a good starter.To get down to the entrees, I am so glad I tried the FEZ burger. Although many of the dishes looked good, I'm always tempted to try any dish that a restaurant is willing to put their name on. I skipped the BBQ sauce and put it on the side (I did try it with a few bites, and it was good, but it would have overpowered the burger). I had never tried a burger with pears on it, and it was SO good, it added something smooth to the burger which cut the bite of the salty feta in the right way. The lemon garlic aioli was light but added so much flavor to the burger and coupling that with the sweet crisp of the onion strings, I was SINGING the praises of this burger after dinner (and when I had my leftovers because it was a BIG burger). I always say you know the food is good when the table is silent, and so I'll end this review by saying that for a business dinner, we didn't talk about much at all. Thank you Phoenix, and thank you FEZ!
4	FEZ was one of my favorite lunch spots while in Phoenix. It can get rather crowded at lunch time, but well worth it. My standard fav was the wedge salad with bacon added - so delicious and perfect for lunch (and even better because it is available in a 1/2 size). Nothing else I tried from the menu ever disappointed. The service, on the other hand, was always on the slow and inattentive side.
4	Excellent food, and reasonably priced. The service, on the other hand, was on the slow and inattentive side. We ordered the hummus, It was really good, it's not like the hummus you get at most places where it taste like they took it straight out of the container that they got from a  Sam's Club, it was actually really good, it had a garlic spicy taste to it. I also ordered the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich. It is by far one of my MOST favorite Chicken Sandwiches I have ever eaten! It was REALLY good. My fiancee ordered a Hamburger not sure which one it was but it was delicious, he got the sweet potato fries with it and they were AMAZING as well, they had cinnamon and sugar on them! I would return and HIGHLY recommend it! I would Maybe suggest that they hire a more attentive staff. That for me would make it a 5 star rating!
5	order a fez burger and sweet potato fries. don't sway from perfection...
4	Today was the second time I have been to Fez for lunch, the first time I had a shrimp kisra flat bread which was quite delicious especially with a side of hummus and sweet potato fries.Today, I ordered a kibis (crab and lobster cake) and it was ok, it was a little saltier than I would like it to be, but it tasted good with the dressing they served with it.  I order a tangier burger with bacon served on ciabatta bread and it was tasty, but it wasn't the best burger I've had.  I really like to people watch and it was good to see a lot of downtown business people eat there and having business meetings.I will definitely be doing so the next time : )
5	I am not going to reiterate the many great aspects to FEZ: the food (i.e. sweet potato fries, their aiolis, FEZ Burger, Kisras, etc.), the drinks (Shock Top on tap), and the atmosphere.  What I am going to talk about is what every person at the FEZ bar should be doing: writing haikus (Thanks Marc for the tip, btw).  So, there are these little strips at the bar in florescent orange and green.  Next to said strips are blue and black pens.  It's pretty simple, get a drink or maybe some food and jot down your thoughts in the form of haikus.  5-7-5.  It's just that easy.  Bring a friend and write haikus about people you know or other shared topics.  Write haikus about other people at the bar.  Your subjects are limitless.  This is why I love FEZ because where else can I be so poetic and fit right in.
5	Always a favorite. That's why it was my first choice when thinking of a place to invite all my friends to while I was visiting from San Francisco. Great service on a busy Saturday night. They have great happy hour specials, as well as, daily specials. The drinks and food is outstanding and the prices are reasonable. Pertfect for pre or post event gatherings.
5	Unreal food......VERY good service and couldn't say enough.  Found this place on a slow Saturday around noon looking for something to eat and it was busy, so we figured it must be good but it is a MUST GO TO place.  We had Eggs Benedict to die for.....You will not be sorry and the Brunch Drinks are only $3.00.....GO NOW!!!!
5	I met the girls for dinner.  We sat outside in the patio, since it was a nice night.  I ordered the burger with swiss and fries.  YUM!  I only ate half of the burger and brought the other burger home.  My husband ate the other half and LOVED IT!  Service is always great and the food is always wonderful!!
5	This was our third time at FEZ and I was debating whether to give it a 4, due to our last experience, but the sweet potato fries alone deserve the 5.  I think it was a little hectic this past Saturday, so I am going to overlook the service.  My husband had the Tangiers burger, it was awesome.  I had the Phyllo chicken pockets, yummy.  Our friends had the FEZ burger.  I can't wait to come for lunch and have my own burger.  We love the ambiance and how cool this place is.  It is such a pity that we have to drive so far to find gems.  Phoenix has some awesome restaurants!
5	I know, I know. This is my 2nd update, but I tried pretty much all new menu items so I had to share! I came here Wednesday night for dinner with my sister (not actually my sis but have been friends since we were 2 years old so pretty much!) & we arrived a lil before 8. Michelle was our server & what a doll! She chatted with us, recommended her favs & was all around one of the sweetest girls I've ever met. We started off with a basket of fries, half sweet potato & half garlic & rosemary. So delicious! I ordered a G Spot cocktail & Jacinthe opted for a glass of the Screw Kappa Napa Cabernet Sauvignon. The G Spot was easily my new fav & Jac loved the wine & it's cute name. For our entrees I ordered the apricot salmon & Jac ordered the lemon caper tilapia. We tried each others meals & agreed we liked the tilapia better, we didn't really care for the sweet glaze on the salmon. The pistachio cous cous that came w/the salmon & the sauteed organic spinach that came w/the tilapia were the winners for the sides. Being the good wifey that I am, I ordered my hubby a burger to go. I chose the all american, hold the spreads, & added bacon & an order of fries. He loved the burger but said the fries were just ok, which was fine w/me because I finished them the next day for him. Finally, we had to get dessert. We both love creme brulee so we got the flavor of the day which was vanilla. It was a pretty big serving, enough for the 2 of us, and we devoured the entire thing. Our total came to $95 & some change, not including tip. It was a bit more than we expected, but we did order 3 drinks total, an app, 3 entrees & dessert, so I'd say that it was worth it for the amazingness that is Fez!
4	HARISSA SPICED FRIES. Need I say more? The wine list is exceptional, and they are open late, both of which are mandatory if you're a boozy creature of the night like me.Our server was quite attentive without being intrusive. Our wine glasses were never dry, and she instinctively sensed that it would be a three bottle sort of night and suggested additional bottles to go with our meal.The food was of a generous proportion, so bear this in mind when ordering. My Fez Salad was fresh, crisp, and the combination of the dressing and goat cheese hit the spot. Our hummus platter was heaven-sent, and had just the right amount of garlic. The lamb kisra was also exceptional, and immediately devoured. The aforementioned Harissa fries were fiery and I often dream of them. No, really. If Fez was located in Tucson, I would gain at least ten pounds from just eating harissa fries every day. Harissa, for those of you who are unfamiliar, is a North African chili-based spice that has a lovely smoky quality. I highly recommend it!Well, Fez. I'm in Phoenix next weekend. Prepare yourself for round two.
4	I give this four stars because the Vegetarian Burger is phenomenal!  Period, end of story.  I honestly have woken up from a deep sleep and crave this burger!  Service, meh!  The burger keeps bringing me back.  Keep up the good work, on the burger!  Work a little harder on pleasant and wanted customer service.
5	Among the best cheesecakes in town! Flavors can change. The mascarpone and ganache take it over the top. Any sweet tooth's kryptonite!
3	I was hoping for a really good experience coming here because the friends I was with kept talking about how good it was but I wasn't super impressed.  We got there around 10:30 on a Friday night and there were people in there but I wouldn't call it busy.  However we ended up standing around for about 5 minutes before we were greeted or even acknowledged.We finally get seated and start looking over the menu which I'm pretty excited about because everything looks really good. We decide to start off with some of the cinnamon sugar sweet potato fries and some of the garlic and rosemary fries.  Both were really good.  For entrees I order the American Burger (I'm pretty sure that's what it was called) and my friend ordered the Tan Tan Chicken Sandwich which she was really looking forward to because her boyfriend had ordered it another time they had come and she really liked it.Here's where we started having issues.  Our food comes out and my order is correct but my friend's is not what she ordered.  The waiter apologizes and takes it back to have them make the correct food.  Then he comes back out once the correct order is made.  As my friend is looking at it she notices that the chicken is raw in the middle in both of the pieces.  We call our waiter back and he again apologizes and takes the food back.  She finally gets what she ordered and the waiter assures us he checked to make sure it was completely cooked before he brought it out and gives us a coupon for a free dessert.  At this point we weren't really in the mood to stick around much longer though since we had been waiting for so long for her food to show up.I would probably go back because the food was good and our server was nice about the whole situation but due to the experience this won't be my first choice when I'm in the area.
4	I've been to FEZ twice now with family members over a period of 1 year. The food each time has been pretty good, however the service is always lacking. Be warned, if you are homophobic then this place probably isn't for you.When you walk into the restaurant the decoration is very metro. They have seating both inside and on the patio outside for when it is not too hot. The sweet potato fries are some of the best. District on 3rd St has sweet potato fries as well, but they just don't compare to FEZ. This time I went I ordered a Barcelona Butterleaf Salad because I wasn't that hungry. Most places you go, the salads are bland, but at FEZ most of the salads on the menu are exciting and each have their own unique taste. We also ordered the Chicken Phyllo Packets which tasted better than they looked. Last time I went I got the Italo Kisra which was decent, although probably had too much pesto on it. Salads cost between $6.95 for a half and $9.95 for a full. Burgers and sandwiches are around $10-12. Entrees such as fish or steak expect to spend $15-$20. As far as the service goes, it is iffy. Our waitress was nice, that is, when she was around. She was so busy running around that we were neglected on more than one occasion. I would recommend FEZ to anybody looking to eat on central. There are certainly better places to go as far as the food is concerned, but this place is definitely a good lunch spot any day.
4	Fez:  Delicious and garlicky.  I will say that service is not the best.  They try but always seem to be understaffed.  Good happy hour specials, sometimes parking can be a bear.  Good music and good ambiance.  Their hummus is great, great vegetarian burger and I almost always get the fez salad with either shrimp or gyro.  Worth a try and off of the light rail!  Oh and the sweet potato fries are so delicious!  They are like candy!.
5	I just had lunch here today and it was very very good. I had the casablanca chicken sandwich which has goat cheese and pear and other things. It was delicious! I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	good ambiance, great food. chicken phyllo packets - yummm! Very good portion sizes too. Not one of those metro type places that serve 2 tiny portions in an appetizer plate. Will definitely go there again when visiting! Fez rocks! =)Come to the south bay area, or to san fran :)
4	~Jesus Serves up @ FEZ!~Friday, Christmas Eve.  I finish up at work and finally retrieve new ink cartridges from Staples. Mate and fellow Yelper, Mike M. are famished. Mike relays the fact that He has been intrigued by FEZ since My review, so Mate calls to see if They're open and off We go...Who is there to serve Us none other than Jesus, now I know I am going to relax.  I started out with the "two leaves and a bud", GreenTea-w-Goji along with a swirl of honey (added in). The aroma of the Goji is a subtle fragrance and the Tea itself  is so very flavourful.We all are amused by the fish swimming on the projection wall...I decided upon the Lamb Kisra, an herbed flatbread with spiced lamb, diced tomatoes, lots of baby spinach, feta & lemon basil dressing.Mate had  the FEZ burger with the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries, in His words; "Why mess with perfection!"My Yelp friend Mike M. had the Douxelle burger, a HalfPound grilled Angus burger with finely diced and saute'd mushrooms, onions, ProvoloneCheese, whole grain mustard & Roma tomatoes on CiabattaRoll and sub'ed out for the sweet potato fries as well, intrigued by the dipping sauce He exclamed; "It a perfect compliment to My burger as well."Another happy ending and so, FEZ converts grow by one. Glad You enjoyed,  Mike.
4	The food here was great.  We ordered an appetizer of sweet potato fries a with spicy pepper dusting; a wedge salad; and each of us ordered a burger.  The problem was that the fries and salad were servedat the same time and we weren't one third done with those when our burgers arrived.   That said, the food would bring me back again.
5	fez is an amazing little find. great music. great happy hour. and quite likely the best garlic hummus anywhere. on occasion, julio in the kitchen gets crazy with way too much garlic, but it is outstanding nonetheless. i dont know if the prep cook is named julio, it just seems that all the kitchen staff is hispanic. the caesar salad with pistachios is incredible. before i became a vegetarian, i used to add the salmon. delectable with or without. to make aware those who may not know, this a gay friendly establishment, which means the waitstaff, manager and owner. there are butch dykes and the flamers, so there is something for everyone. as a result there is always quite the crowd to people watch. you will find older queens hanging at the bar and the young men who have just come out to the whole world and wants everyone to know it. i do suggest the following game that i play when i am with my girlfriend at fez. as we frequent fez often, we have nicknames for the waitstaff. there is frankenaids, crazy heche and dragzilla. see if you can figure out who is whom.suggested also is brunch on the weekends. truly wonderful food at great prices, which only adds to the unique people watching experience. the martinis are quite likely the best in town, and i mean that very sincerely, for those who think im more tongue in cheek than a lesbo orgy.
5	I know, I've been remiss in my yelping. But this one is worth making the time to write for.Quite possibly my new favorite restaurant: FEZ. We tried it on recommendation of a friend and I'm so glad we did. It was difficult to make a choice from the menu- it all sounded interesting and fabulously yummy. Since my recent discovery of a dairy allergy eating out has become something of a pain for me, but on this menu I had trouble finding stuff I *couldn't eat. The waitress was really nice and on top of things- even came back to suggest I might want to grill my chicken instead of leaving it fried since there's a tiny bit of cheese in the breading. (Good catch! And appreciated!)The food was presented beautifully and there was enough to keep both of us full and happy. And did I mention how amazing our dinners were? I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu.  Definitely as good as it gets.
2	My wife and I decided to eat here for the first time a few weeks, Jan 7 to be exact which is first Friday. So you can imagine there was a bit of a wait. The chairs lined up along the wall for waiting patrons were all filled so we had to stand near them. One of the bartenders walked over to take orders from those seated. I had to tap him on the shoulder to get his attention. We I requested a beer he said ok with an annoyed look on his face. I never got that beer. Not a great start but I was willing to give it a chance. After 20 minutes we were seated- which is reasonable on first Fridays. Our waitress was very nice and took or drink orders. Once we ordered and received our food we never seen our waitress again until we were nearly finished eating. At that point another beer was out of the question. Luckily we had the carafe of water. She mentioned that she was watching munching down from across the room and didn't want to bother us. OK... Apparently we were her only table in that area as everyone around us seemed to have good service. Once finished eating we sat for 15 minutes waiting for a another appearance from her. The manager walked by and noticed our empty plates. We immediately asked him for the check since we had been more than ready to leave. He took our money but the waitress brought back my change. She apologized for the slow service. It was too little too late at that point. My wife and eat out and twice week and often look for new places. Ive never once not tipped- until now. The food was good but the service was bad. Its a shame one waitress ruined for us. I doubt we'll give it another chance.
4	OK, so I went to uptown PHX to meet my wife last night. I had seafood, or noodles or sushi on the brain. That is what I wanted, NOTHING ELSE. So, when my wife said, "let's just go to FEZ", I was a little pissed, and I started pouting like a little kid. I asked "what kind of cuisine is it" she said "you'll see" and I was thinking "great one of those trendy little uptown places that are popular because of their "local art" bland food and pathetically small portions" I was still pouting see....  Upon entering, we were immediately greeted and sat (even though the place was pretty busy). Both the host and our server had very warm smiles and acted like they loved working at FEZ in uptown Phoenix. Good sign!!!. I noticed mostly a 20 somethings / 30 somethings, hipster type crowd (which, contrary to popular belief, I am cool with) but I also noticed 2-3 tables that had older crowds. Neat, eclectic mix of patrons.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made multiple suggestions of the specials and his "favorites". I decided on the blue cheese/balsamic burger (with a side salad). Now, blue cheese and balsamic vinegar are two of my favorite things (when used properly), so I was skeptical.....HOLY CRAP!!! This burger was fan-freakin-tastic. No lies. Cooked to (my)perfection. HUGE layer of blue cheese, and the perfect amount of balsamic, all topped with fresh spinach.  My wife went with a flat bread chix, bbq, pear pizza, which she also loved (she didn't act quite as excited as I did. See, she's "been to FEZ many times before, honey") But I tried her flat bread pizza, and decided that it is definitely something I'd order in the future.  Our server checked on us quite often and our check was brought quickly. I WILL be going back to FEZ the next time I'm uptown. HIGHLY recommend.
5	Absolutely LOVE this restaurant!  The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is great, and they have some of the best servers around.  My favorite things to get are their bruschetta plate, tan-tan chicken sandwich, rosemary chicken sandwich and the flatiron steak - although everything I have had was amazing!  The bruschetta is some of the best I have ever had and my boyfriend and I always fight over the last bite of tomato and onion jam.  It's hard to choose a favorite between the chicken sandwiches, they are both so good!  The special feta cheese spread on the rosemary chicken really elevates this beyond a normal chicken sandwich.Also, they have some really great monthly, weekly and daily specials if you are looking for great food on a bargain.  Cannot wait to go back again!
4	FEZ is pretty good. First off the specials are pretty good value (the time we were there, it was  $3.00 burger). Started with the hummus and pita - full of fresh garlic flavor, olives, and a little bit of spiciness, really obvious it was fresh and hand made. The pita was not too dry, and if it was store bought, pretty good.Had the grape and goat cheese salad - pretty solid.Main course was chicken with lemon and capers, rice pilaf, and spinach. Overall pretty solid dish, chicken wasn't too greasy (it was cutlet and not breaded), pilaf was pretty good, and the spinach was delicious. My fellow diners had the pomegranate chicken (which was like a salad, but messier) and apricot salmon (which was pretty good, not too heavy on apricot flavor). My general observation is that the presentation is a little messy.Overall, a pretty good place - the only gripe I have is that I know two chicken cutlets, rice, and spinach costs about $7 to buy, and they charge $17.95 for that dish. Just a littttleee too pricey for me at FEZ. Overall I'd say FEZ is a good place, it just seems a little scatterbrain in presentation, full of ideas and great food on paper, and just a little overpriced.
5	Definitely one of our favorite good eats in town. The magical cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries with their special dipping sauce is extremely addictive. When we go with a group, we always ask for extra dipping sauce so it is enough to share among everyone. One basket is enough to share among three-four people.FEZ kisra is very flavorful. Lots of fresh and flavorful topping, one of my hubby's favorite on the menu. FEZ burger is a good one when you want a safe option to try out their food, if you are a little less adventurous. The field salad that comes with it is fresh and tasty too. My favorite dish is the Crisp Pomegranate Chicken. The sweet flavor of pomegranate dressing and the tender chicken breasts are beautifully complimented by the veggie and fruits that are placed below the chicken. A surprise item was the breakfast kisra. It was actually surprisingly good, even my father in-law did not mind it. He has always been a simple cheeseburger kind of guy, but has really enjoyed all the food he had tried here.We yet to try their desserts, mainly because by the time we are done with the fries and the main course, there was no more room... seriously, their portion is well worth the money!The only one thing I did not really care for was the FEZ lettuce wraps. It was cold and a little too sweet and fruity for me. But again, I don't really like overly sweet food...I don't drink alcohol, but a few times my hubby and friends tried a few of their signature drinks and really really loved them. The list of a few favs: honeydew melon, key lime pie, apricosmo and pomtini. I did enjoy the virgin mojito here, FEZ is one of the few places I can actually order that.Seriously, take yourself out there now and give it a try. Treat yourself with a basket of cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries, and try out one of their dishes, your taste buds will thank you for it.Also, I rate their services to be outstanding compared to most of the restaurants at this price range.
4	I recently returned to FEZ for a second visit. The service was much better this time. We were promptly seated and beer was in my belly in not time. Ahi Tuna special for myself and a gourmet burger for my wife. We were both very pleased with those dishes. The Tuna wasn't swimming in spices like Ive had at other places. Just enough so that you could taste the meat. The brownie for desert was excellent as well. Highly recommend it!
5	My first visit to Fez will definitely not be my last!  The happy hour drink specials were a great way to start a memorable evening. I ordered the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries as a starter to share with my 4 companions.  They were perfectly prepared--just the right combo of crispy, spicy, salty--and the 5 of us were unable to finish them all!  We each ordered a different entree and every plate except mine was clean.  The Tangier burger was amazing with garlicky hummus, tasty manchego cheese, pesto, oven dried tomatoes (that thankfully were not over-dry and chewy) and a half pound of delicious beef served on just the right proportion of ciabatta bread.  I just couldn't eat it all, but look forward to having the leftovers for lunch today.  A great surprise was the extra large cup of coffee after dinner.  I hope my email to the restaurant will result in them telling me what blend of coffee they use...it was heavenly!The ambiance of FEZ is lively:  "sleek and urban" is accurate.  Early on a Friday night the place was crowded and noisy, and it does attract a 'young-ish' crowd (um, I felt 'old' but that won't inhibit me from a return trip)!  Another plus:  excellent service.
2	LEZ is FEZHow do you see if a restaurant operates efficiently? Tackle it, for the first time, on a Saturday night...without a reservation. Why initially see a place when they're dead and can handle a rush of 6 customers?Unfortunately, for the apparently highly-rated Fez, my first impression Fezzled upon entering the incredibly small establishment. There was a wait; no doubt, it's Saturday and again, I didn't have a reservation. Thankfully, it was only "estimated" at 30 minutes. Honestly, that's not bad. And even when it turned out to be 40 minutes, I wasn't too upset.What did irk me was the wait at the bar to be acknowledged. The teeny-tiny bar (comparatively speaking, for the place, it was proportionate) was packed, and yet, there was a seat open in front of me with someone's bag on it. Apparently, the person to the left of the bag didn't want any close visitors. I was fine with that, because I had a party of two and we found plush seats off to the side. Back to the wait...TEN MINUTES? Sure they're busy, but, incredibly, I tip on service...not because it's expected and when the roughly three bartenders/servers behind the bar don't even say "Greetings, welcome to Fez, I'll be with you in a few moments" - for TEN MINUTES - I'm thinking of the savings I will have when/if I tip. Yeah, and I've worked with customers/clients for many years - don't want to date me, so let's just say more than 2 - and I was trained, on DAY ONE, that simple gesture: immediately acknowledge the new customer.Now, so it doesn't sound like I'm a poor patron, when I got service and the drinks, both were great. The friendly bartender was attentive (now that he got to me) and the drinks strong - a PLUS. I learned later that I could've ordered from the waiting seats...however...it wouldn't have really mattered. The roaming servers that were trying to accommodate the waiting and hungry souls, weren't truly helping those who waited. They seemed distracted and annoyed at the lack of direction they were probably given by the multiple voices from the kitchen/bar/host/absent supervisor. In fact, one tried to serve food to me and my friend, even though not only had we not ordered food, but we had yet to see a menu. And while we waited, we witnessed a table of six or so at their table ordering and when the server got half way around the group, he abruptly stopped and left. One patron had to shout out to ask if they could finish ordering. This should've been a red flag for me and my friend.Finally...we were sat. Thankfully my partner and I had a lot of catching up to do, because, again we had not seen menus. For ANOTHER TEN MINUTES. Trust me; I'm not making this up. And during this time, a couple was sat to my left, I assume they had reservations because they entered the restaurant and was immediately seated.Not only did they receive menus while they were sat, but their order was readily taken. A few minutes later, a very nice server named David Adam literally just happened to check on us (those were his words.) He wanted to know if someone already took our order. Instead of attempting to play the guessing game, I asked for menus.I will say David was a saving grace, because he was extremely pleasant and made pitch-perfect recommendations to my friend. It was still a long while before he took our order - apparently, he was really busy. Again, I was grateful my friend and I had a lot of catching up to do since we had plenty of time on our hands.Another saving grace was the food. We ordered Garlic and Rosemary Fries - delicious! - for an appetizer, then I ordered the Shrimp Kisra - EXCELLENT! - and upon David's recommendation my friend ordered Pesto & Dijon Lamb Chops. These are her words before ordering and I use them with permission: "I hate lamb, so I'll have the lamb chops."I laughed, but she trusted David so well, she ordered it. She was not disappointed. Neither was I when I tried it.Again, David made another good recommendation for desert: their signature cheesecake. I'm one of the few family members that I know that doesn't favor cheesecake. Yet, this was delicious.Okay...To sum it up, if you're unwilling to make a reservation (you really, REALLY should) but are willing to wait - we were in the place for a grand total of 3 hours, so much for going out afterwards (she had to get home to her kids) - they make up for it with the fantastic food. I just think, despite the tasty selections, the place is horribly managed. They have staff running around with little direction as if they're chickens with no heads. Please don't read into I am knocking the staff - they certainly did all they could to keep this house of cards from collapsing.
4	My wife and I had been wanting to swing by FEZ for quite some time. A Friday night opened up and there we were, under dressed and hungry, not quite sure what we were in store for. We're not really nightclub sort of people, so luckily we managed to get in in-between happy hour and before the weekend night crowd showed up.The pre-dinner cocktails were really good. When our waitress brought us our pomegranate presses, she found that we were already drinking them. A wrinkle in time? Nah, just a food runner mishap that ended up with us enjoying a free round!Off to a great start, our food arrived. We ordered the Fez Burger (real yummy, the cinnamon pears really add something special), the italo kisra (flatbread pizza-thing with mozzarella, basil, sun dried tomatoes and a bit of salad on top, pretty good but not super unique) and an order of half-harissa/half-garlic rosemary fries (the spicy harissa fries were the winners here, but we liked that you could mix and match). All-in-all we were super stuffed, but happy for it. Having split everything, we got to sample some great food that doesn't necessarily need the hip atmosphere to be successful, but in FEZ's case it certainly doesn't hurt.Would we come back? those stars up there are for the food and the stellar service we experienced, especially with as busy as it was, as I imagine it is every Friday night. HOWEVER, it was loud up in there, loud enough where you couldn't have a decent conversation, you know? But like I've been saying, that's the nature of the beast. It's worth putting up with for a meal that delicious.So yes, we would come back... we're real anxious to try the brunch.
5	My favorite restaurant. Great food and always great drink specials. The ambiance is very cool, its a place you'll want to bring your friends and enjoy an evening. The staff is usually very friendly but they disappear often and its hard to get great service.
5	One of my top choices for downtown Phoenix. Always an upscale, posh vibe, but with very generous prices on entrees. Good looking people throughout this bar. The Kisras are VERY tasty and a good spin off the typical flatbreads at many restaurants now. Brunch here on Saturdays or Sundays-- great drink specials too.
4	Been there twice for lunch with friends. Ordered the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich with Rosemary French Fries both times. Delicious!!! Fun little place in downtown but more expensive than I usually spend on lunch. Service is ok. Interested in checking it out at night for dinner or cocktails. Will definitely go back but there's other places in downtown I'd like to check out and maybe I can hold my breath for a Groupon???
4	I've visited Fez and few times and plan to put it on regular rotation now that I've moved back to Phx.  Tasty and inventive food, good service, really nice atmosphere.
5	FEZ is now on my "forever favorite" list of midtown establishments. With their awesomely late hours of full dinner service, creatively delicious dishes, and ALWAYS outstanding service, how could they not be? I've been frequently FEZ for the past two years now, but the reason for my surge of ardent affection, you ask? They turned my potentially lackluster Valentine's day into something lovely.The man I married, bless his heart, is just not very adept at the whole Valentine's day deal. And while I have come to accept this, his last minute attempts to salvage the "holiday" can be disappointing if not disastrous. Lucky for his forgot-to-make-reservations self, FEZ was a reliable, brilliant, and downright perfect choice for a romantic and memorable meal. Thanks to FEZ, my v-day challenged but quick thinking hubby was safely out of the dog house. Oh, and the hand-made cutie valentines card he presented didn't hurt either. Lemon caper tilapia, and apricosmo were divine. Best Valentine's day dinner ever. Thanks!
5	So everyone in the phx yelp universe has written a review of this place so I will keep it short.Girlie took me there.  I loved it.The sweet african peppers breaded with goatcheese and deep fried is absolutely insane.This place is very unique. Absolutely deserves 5 stars.  This is all.
5	Great trendy place with knock out burgers, pizzas, salads and sweet potato fries. If the prepared meals here could speak for it's self it would sound like a Mozart symphony with a dash of Jay Z and Katy Perry to soothe your five human senses.Atmosphere is really mellow, relaxing and dimmed light setting which makes your company or people watching a little more easier on the eyes. Lol, ok so that was deviated a little bit but on a real note the decor and options of seating from the bar, high table with chairs(like barstools), patio dining or booth seating is fabulous for  consumers like (moi!) who like options.Also, location is great perfect for those who commute via light rail, and love that FEZ has reverse happy hour(HH) all week unlike other places who only offer reverse HH on weeknights and discontinue on weekends.Service is always exceptional, helpful and friendly. Now go and enjoy FEZ you won't be disappointed! :)
4	I always have a great time at Fez.  Sunday night was 50% off of all bottles of wine and we had an excellent bottle of Hob Nob Pinot Noir.  Service was friendly, atomosphere is always an interesting mix and my order the Lamb Kisra was good as always.  The food was out to our table really fast.  You can't miss with Fez, I think it's time for the pomegranite chicken again next time.
4	Wow I guess checking in here 2 times makes me a regular umm ok. well I came here once on a Sunday evening the place wasnt super busy. Great deal on Sundays half price all bottles of wine. my friend and I split a bottle and then each got a small salad. I got the tomato taza salad with Salmon added my friend got the butterleaf salad.  My salad was pretty decent. the waiter reccomended the fez salad but of coarse i didnt pick it. stupid, overall left full the small salads are huge!! not sure what the larges look like. Second visit we went for Sunday Brunch can't beah three dollar bloody marys. Pretty tasty and strong. only wish they came with a celery :)  I choose the "best egg white omlette you ever had" it was really tasty! came with salad and 2 sourdough slices. I ate half took the rest home. I will be back to FEZ for sure!
1	Terrible, terrible service. Will not go back. It wasn't even crowded for Saturday Brunch. We waited and waited for eggs and after 45 minutes left. The server checked back with us once to left us know our food was on the way but it never came. Hugely disappointed. Will not recommend to friends and won't take my out of town guests there either.
5	Love the decor, love the salads, love the burgers. Three types of french fries.  And drinks are fab!  All portions seem a bit big and prices are very reasonable.
4	Eating at FEZ takes preparation; specifically in the arena of oral hygiene. Gum, mints, tums--these are all necessary if you want to continue socializing after eating anything on the menu. I usually stick with the kisras because they are easy to split (the portion sizes are too much for me...they are HUGE). The shrimp is the best for sure, but I also like the italo. I tried the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich last time, and it was exceptional. All of the ingredients meshed so well together. However, I'd do light goat cheese next time because it was really overpowering the sandwich. All of the fry baskets are amazing, and the garlic and rosemary fries are the best. I really like the sweet potato fries too, but I think that Delux really has the market on those. Drinking at FEZ, in the words of Jay-Z, is "so necessary." All of their $3 daily specials are awesome. I especially love the Pomegranate Presses on Friday nights (try the signature margaritas on Mondays, as well). Happy hour is available seven days a week from 4:00 to 6:30 and 10:00 to midnight. I really like that they still have happy hour on weekend nights! All of the dishes are really good, but be sure to bring something to freshen your breath. If not, you give everyone you have close contact with a taste of your meal. P.S. They have lint rollers available if you need them after you put your napkin in your lap. I love the attention to detail!
5	I've been here more than a few times and appreciate most of the food here. It's very trendy. The staff is friendly and the seating is comfy.I love the lettuce wraps to the point where I've almost been able to make them myself.  The phyllo pockets are good but lots of flavor so some might not like them.If you like chicken, try the tan-tan chicken sandwich, with baba ganoush, green olives, spinach and some other nummy stuff.The cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries are good for a sweet side dish.The martinis are delicious and different. Try the banana split and the key lime pie martinis....heck, go ahead and see if you can try them all!
4	1. Sophisticated palate2. Bottomless pit for a stomach3. Penchant for sweet potato fries4. Specialty burger connoisseur5. Cocktail consumer6. TrendsetterIf you can identify with one or more of the qualities above, this is the place for you.  Their food is inventive, flavorful, and PLENTIFUL!  It's the perfect place for date night/happy hour/brunch with the girlfriends.
4	Went for an early dinner around 5:30 last Saturday and was really pleased with the experience.  The restaurant has a contemporary feel and plays a good selection of music.  The chicken sandwiches are great, in particular the rosemary chicken sandwich.  Thankfully they give you an entire pitcher of water, because their glasses are very small, as they are trying to keep up with the contemporary feel in every respect.  But service was great.  I was a little disappointed with the side salad that comes with the dish, as the dressing was not that appealing.  I didn't like the fact you had to pay $2 extra for fries instead.  However, overall I would return and would recommend this restaurant.
4	2 for 1 drinks at night, awesome homemade veggie burger & by far some of the BEST salad dressings I've ever had. Shrimp & fruit salad with the champagne dressing was amazing. Their house dressing is just as good. By far my fave meal is now brunch. I ordered the "best egg white omelet you've ever had" & I must agree! The omelet was huge and packed full of awesomeness and flavor. The drinks were only $3 a glass. Peach Bellini's, bloodies, G-Spot, mimosa's! I am hooked to brunch. They also serve late night, until 12am! FEZ I'm such a fan!
5	How have I not reviewed this place on Yelp?I reviewed them for Check Please, Arizona!, a PBS review show. http://www.azpbs.org/checkplease/. I could at least do a written review. I've eaten at FEZ so many times, I can't count anymore. I think their burgers are some of the best I've ever had in the valley. Always juicy, I think the square patties are adorable. The FEZ burger, with it's molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, providing fireworks for the tounge. Their Douxelle burger, with sauteed mushrooms, provolone cheese &  mustard, resulting in a subdued but delicious burger. Their fries, which include normal, sweet potato, harissa, & garlic are also great, but I love the salad that comes default, including their lemon dressing. If burgers & fries aren't your thing, they have Kisras( think like pizza, minus the cheese), and their daily specials are amazing. One time, I was lucky enough to score the mushroom risotto, and it was perfect.  Sugar snap peas, Drinks are fantastic too. A margarita that doesn't taste like chemicals, perfect martini's, and a G-Spot(grapefruit, pom, and vodka), make FEZ a perfect place for lunch or dinner.
5	Be warned: Their sweet potato fries will haunt your dreams. They're so delicious and perfect and will call your name whenever you smell a french fry. Actually... I think it's safe to say that everything on their menu will haunt you in your dreams. I've never had anything not delicious and craveable. Throw a dart at the menu and I will guarantee that it is delicious. Don't even think about splitting something with a friend because you will destroy your friendship. The service is always on point, their bartenders are hilarious, and the ambiance is amazingly energetic.I LOVE THIS PLACE. Please move it to the Bay area. But until then, I will have to fly to Phoenix just to get my fix.
5	Great salads and very garlicky (in a good way) hummus. Do try the G Spot; this pomegranate and grapefruit based drink ain't virgin (1 will do the trick) and is only $3 in the afternoons. Great outdoor seating, too--especially if you aren't used to AZ's amazing weather.
4	I really liked it!  We sat up at the bar, had some wine, a couple of the signature entrees.   Will definitely go back soon!
4	Everything I've ever eaten here has been amazing. I especially love the sweet potato fries (with cinnamon).
4	I've been to FEZ countless times in the past few years and must say, it's one of my favorite places in the downtown area. They use eclectic blends of pesto and cinnamon and fruits-in-places-you-don't-think-they'll-fit to liven up your ordinary burger or salad. Yom! Their service is amazing. They have daily drink specials. My favorite is the $3 vodka pom-presses on Fridays and the $5 martini Mondays. Whether you get one of their main dishes or a burger, you'll leave satisfied.I've had the FEZ Burger, the Bleu cheese balsamicburger, the Tangier burger, tried all of their fries, had their mushroom risotto, the apricot salmon, the chicken lettuce wraps, seafood kibis, and have tried a handful of their martinis. I always leave with tons of leftovers and am never disappointed with their service or their food.I love FEZ!
3	Everyone in Phoenix has been to Fez besides my hubby and I...until now. We stopped on our way to see an awesome movie at Filmbar(see next review). From the street, this place looked super hopping. We were nervous because we did not have time to wait for a table. It was a Monday, for gosh sakes, I could not believe this place was packed! When we walked in, we realized it was a facade; the inside of the restaurant was pretty empty and the patio was not as packed as I thought. The bar is super cool, but we decided to sit outside. Anyone who knows me will think this comment is weird, but the whole allowing smoking on the patio is a fail. Because the space has a ceiling, it seems pretty compact, so the 2 smokers on the patio kind of filled the place with smoke. Typically I am not opposed, but because we were not drinking and it was an early Monday evening, the smoke was a bit much. I would definitely be more inclined to not mention the smoke on a weekend. Anyway, the hubby and I decided to split the bruschetta and the Tangier Burger. We stuck to iced tea after over-imbibing over the weekend. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. She brought our food out shortly after we ordered. The burger was perfect; perfectly prepared and the sauces simply complimented the burger and bun. I would definitely get it again. I did not like the sweet potato fries, simply because I am not a fan of sweets, but my hubby loved them. Not as pumped about the bruschetta. It comes with several different types of bread and is more of a dipping bruschetta. It came with ramekins of artichoke dip, yummy pesto, and some kind of tomato saucy dip. Not bad but just not that excited about it. Seemed kinda bread sticky instead of bruschetta-ish. We will definitely return to try their Margaritas, which looked fabulous. I suggest splitting the burger because its huge!
5	Fez has delicious food and reasonable prices. The service is friendly and speedy. The atmosphere is very comfortable. Gay friendly. And the best Sunday brunch in Central Phoenix! Try the sweet potato fries. =)
5	I love FEZ!  I was first turned on to them when I went to Devoured and they served some kick@ss foods.  Then I took my old lady self and my little old lady girlfriend to eat there--asking first if she minded that it might be a gay hangout which is what I heard (she didn't)--and wow! I am so glad we came.  I had a turkey burger thingie with artichoke, red peppers, etc. on it.  Very good! Then we ordered a tiramasu and split it--fantastic!  I love this place, didn't feel out of place cause we were two gray headed old lady heteros eating there and loved the food and service.  I hang out alot at the Phoenix Art Museum, so FEZ is getting another visit next week from me with another old lady hetero friend..ha!Pretty soon people will be gossiping that FEZ is being taken over  by little old gray headed hetero Grannies eating there....bwahahahahaha!  We're taking over, peeps, so make way on that bar stool, honey!
4	I love Fez. I have been coming here for years. The food is always good and there is something for everyone on their menu. One negative: the service is mediocre. It can be quite hit or miss, and sometimes the servers are just plain slow. One suggestion: the menu could use an update. The dining options have been pretty much the same for years, and it would be fun to mix things up a little. One more thing, I have ordered take out for groups of about 20 before...the staff and chef were GREAT to work with and extremely accommodating. This is a nice asset on the Central corridor.
5	Delicious.  Always great service.  Love the burgers and fries.
2	I enjoy the food at Fez everytime I dine at this establishment. The problem lies in the horrible service at every visit. They are always understaffed and there is never a manager on the floor.
4	Let me just start off by saying that I was surprised and pleased with this restaurant. I have been here twice. The 1st time I had already eaten and was just going on an impromptu visit with a friend to meet other friends. I wish I hadn't already eaten the first time: the food looked delectable.The second time I insisted my boyfriend and I go there when were downtown buying records at Revolver (another good place to go). I'm vegetarian and there were some, but not a lot of vegetarian options on this menu, but boy are the vegetarian options tasty. I got the black bean burger and replaced the tomato goat cheese spread and replaced it with their pesto and it was absolutely delicious. I am conscious eater and usually package a half of a sandwich and take it home, but this one I could not do that, for I was enjoying it too much. I've nibbled on the hummus as well, and that was delicious. It had a tangy twist to it and the pita that came along with it was soft and warm and not chewy (like a lot of non hand-made pita can be). My boyfriend got the lamb Kisra, Kisra's being one the things they pride themselves on and he enjoyed every bite. The service was great. I wish I could remember our server's name, but he was sweet and checked up on us enough, but not too often. The only downside was that he didn't fill up our water cups during dinner. But that seems like such a small downside considering how great our meal was and how accommodating our server was. It's a pretty good price for the presentation and quality of food. It's definitely a bit of a trendy atmosphere that seems to be bustling often, but if you're a late dinner eater like me, this place will have slowed down by then and the quieter atmosphere ensues. Dimly lit at night, and full of natural light during the day; Fez's good food and pleasing atmosphere shouldn't seem to disappoint someone looking for some well made in-between gourmet in the heart of Phx that available till midnight!
5	Great food and drinks. On the pricey side but worth it. I had the Fez Burger that has spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta. SO GOOD. The food is delicious and the drinks are tasty. Definitely one of the more modern, trendy spots to hang out. :)
5	Was in Phoenix for a softball tournament on the weekend of April 9th-10th and we had the pleasure of stopping in at FEZ for Brunch on Sunday...well if you know softball tournaments, you'd know that if we were there for brunch our tournament didn't go all that well lol.  Anyways...FEZ was recommended to us by a player on a Phoenix team and it was on the way back to the hotel so Brunch as FEZ it was.  There was 10 of us and they sat us pretty quickly. Service was fast and friendly. Everyone was overly satisfied with the food and I enjoyed my mimosas.  We had an awesome experience at FEZ and I would definitely go back if I'm ever in Phoenix again.  Fun little side note...we ran into our server at a bar later and he was a hoot...not to mention a cutie lol
4	Consistently good!  Excellent food and friendly service at a fair price!  Their bleu cheese burger is the best burger anywhere, period.  Same goes for the sweet potato fries.
5	Agreed! FEZ is Awesome! Great food & drink specials, excellent service, and a fun comfortable atmosphere...
5	Holy smokes, this place is great.  I had the FEZ burger.  oh mama, just great.  Service was fantastic as well.  I will be going back.
2	Arrived for a late snack/drinks (10:30pm) with a small party. Got seated outside and had pretty spotty service. No servers or any help around for 30 mins at a time.
3	The food Is pretty decent. We had bruschetta plate, sweet potato fries, seafood kibis, lamb chops, and apricot salmon. The seafood kibis are similar to a crab cake. Mostly filler and not a whole lot of seafood. But for the price you aren't going to find a lot of lobster. The bruschetta is a make your own style with three different breads and three different topping. Its good. Nothing amazing. The Lamb chops were very good. Perfect seasonings, not to heavy but just enough. Only 4 chops with the meal. Again, you cant expect a whole rack for the price. I did not try the salmon but they glaze wasn't the most appetizing . It looked like it was poured straight from a store bought jar. The veggies on both entrees were tasty and cooked nicely. The sweet potato fries were the highlight. I tend to prefer things on the savory side compared to sweet. But the cinnamon dusting was fitting. Dipping sauce was on the sweet side also. I think it was some sort of honey mayo sauce. We tried all the different margaritas. It was happy hour after all. Overall they were tasty, but not very strong considering how many we drank. Best were apricot, and orange citrus. Honeydew melon was almost unbearably sweet, bright green with Midori. Ambiance and decor of the place is great. Service is good.
4	Enjoyed a great evening with a large group so other than the fact we were very loud we had great fun!  Lettuce wraps are a must!  Turkey burger and sweet potato fries were very tasty.
4	FEZ 2 - Electric BoogalooI decided to give FEZ another shot...I mean with this many good reviews, and I did love the food during my first visit, how could I possibly be the only one who didn't care for it?I didn't have a problem at all with my waiter last time - when he got to us. This one, Kirk, was quick and extremely personable. He also sat down with us (a PLUS in my book) and made some jokes at my expense - which, as long as they're funny, is also a huge bonus. Uh, yeah, they were funny.This time I ordered the Marinara Pasta with Shrimp and Rosemary and Garlic Fries for appetizer. My chum I was with (a newbie to FEZ) ordered a "Go Green Pasta with Chicken." All dishes were great, but to be honest, we both liked the fries the best. (Unfortunately, the garlic bread was hard as rock and was "somewhat cut" but not enough to pull apart to dip in the sauce. Too bad.)There was, I believe to be "the manager" or at least supervising person running around making sure everything was set. Let me tell you...this was welcomed from my last visit to FEZ. Further, this is what I appreciate and value from "real" restaurants: an active, friendly and devoted superior that's visible in the restaurant and not just back in the office on the phone or out for a smoke.Since this was a Wednesday, and my last chaotic trip was on a Saturday, it was a lot quicker service and time to be sat. It was still busy, even for a Wednesday night and I would still recommend reservations anytime you plan a trip.I hope people make it through my first rant to get to this: I DO recommend FEZ to anyone, especially for those downtown.  But, do take the light rail people: save the environment, it's immediately outside of the restaurant and your temper due to the not so friendly parking - thanks FedEx.It has a good staff, comfortable surroundings and the customers there always seem to be having a good time and engaged in good conversations. (Yeah, I'm a chronic eavesdropper and people watcher. Ha.)Come and join the FEZolution! (Ohh...Sorry about that last line...that's probably why I was fired from marketing...)
3	I am always on the fence with Fez because when I first moved to Phoenix I ate there almost every weekend.  After a long hiatus I returned last night to have dinner with some friends.  I had a burger with the salad and it was very good, as good as I remember.  The combination of dijon mustard and cibata bread makes this burger taste so good.I really dont care for much else on the menu besides the burgers but when in doubt you can never go wrong with the burger.
4	Love, love, love Fez.The food is delicious, the drinks are yummy, and the scene is ferosh.The only complaint is that the wait staff is very hit or miss.  The first two times I came here we had very inattentive servers (the "it takes twenty minutes to get a greeting and our drink order in" kind....) but ever since we have had nothing but phenomenal service.I especially love coming here during happy hour for discounted, delicious drinks and can have a phenomenal meal for under $20!!Give Fez a try- you won't be disappointed.
5	I've always heard this is one of the special places in Phoenix . . . but, I wasn't prepared for how much I would love it! Lots of seating, but still it feels cozy and comfortable. The kind of place you want to just sit and stay awhile. Food? Ah, yes . . . they have it . . . but with flare! Whoever is back in that kitchen has talent. Is there such a thing as "food talent?" Here there is for sure. Some folks call themselves "chefs," but, as we all know with one taste they really get bumped back into the "cook" category. Not at FEZ . . . this is a CHEF!My recommendation is to sit at the bar . . . enjoy meeting Sarah, one of the bartenders. Customer Service with a smile, red hair and PZAZZ!FEZ is definitely PZAZZ!
5	Simply amazing! The food was out of this world! We absolutely loved it!
4	Love this place!  The food was great, the atmosphere is cool and the service is good.  Their martinis are fantastic and pretty large!  The appetizer platter was perfect for our large group.  The turkey burger was so tasty too!
4	I had the best time at Fez for my pre 21st birthday!  Complimentary almond brownie with ice cream! And Birthday shots for the whole table!I don't remember the waitress name but she was great!  The food was delicious but I found it odd that the burger that my cousin and bf ordered was $10 and didn't come with fries.. that's $2 extra. But I guess you have to pay the price to get fat, ha!  The food was delicious, interior was nice!I'll definitely go back!
4	Food was excellent. The service was very good. I had the all American burger. It had an unexpected kick to it (horseradish) but it was really tasty. I wasn't really impressed by the music. But I would definitely go back fir the food.
4	Took a night off from the boyfriend and made plans to hang out with some friends.  We originally were going to have Thai food, but the restaurant was closed so we wandered up the street to Fez.What yummy serendipity.I wasn't sure what to expect, to be honest.  Appetizers of the best hummus I've had since eating at an Iranian restaurant in Abu Dhabi and some chicken-salad-esque lettuce wrap set the stage.  So tasty!I had a rosemary chicken sandwich (without peppers) and a side salad.  Normally grilled chicken sandwiches are kind of bland, but this one was very very good.  The flavors played together nicely and it just a nice, light dinner.I found the atmosphere to be pleasant (the boyfriend, who had been another time, thought it was snobby and Scottsdale-y, but I didn't get that perception at all).I can't wait for the opportunity to go back and order more of those appetizers.
5	I just moved back to Phoenix from Las Vegas, so I get to experience the magic that is Fez whenever I want now! I've taken to going Tuesday nights for Tini' Tuesday when they offer $3 martini's. There's not a better deal in the valley on Tuesday night. The Fez burger is an oral explosion with honey molasses BBQ sauce, cinnamon pears, and crispy onion strings! You'll find me on the patio all summer!
3	Don't be fooled by the 3 star rating. As much as I do like this restaurant. I can just think of a lot of others that I would choose before coming here again. Food was good, service good and there were pretty people everywhere. We asked about the $3 beer special and our server said we missed it, then 10 minutes later we overheard another server offer it to the table next to us. Luckily they had plenty of the $9 martini's. (said sarcastically)
4	Fun place in Phoenix downtown.I have been here over 5 times, sometimes with a bunch of friends and sometimes just with  my husband. It is always fun to go there over a weekend dinner. Even in a place like Phoenix it is buzzing at 9:30 am which is a plus.I was tempted to give it a 5 star but my experience last night was not that good as far as the service went. My server was more worried about cleaning another table than getting me water. I was so thirsty (obviously it is summer and it is Az) that after 20 minutes I requested another server to get me a glass of water. Even when we finished our dinner, we waited for her to show up like for 15  minutes.A quick tip- DO NOT SIT OUTSIDE IF YOU WANT A GOOD/FAST SERVICE, sit indoors.
5	I think I've become a FEZ fan...  This place is Fantastic, Extraordinary and a bit Zealous when it comes to delivering a unique dinning experience.  Their unique menu options for salads, flat bread pizza's, burgers and signature dishes are extraordinary and delicious. It can be over whelming trying to order everything on their menu, so don't.  Pick what you are craving for and chose something you'll want to try on your next visit.  There portions are a bit large, so take a friend or two and share something different.  Go for the burger ~ their burgers are burgerlicious!  Try their FEZ burger ~ with their BBQ sauce,  a pear slice (yes a pear), feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on a toasted ciabatta bun.  It is a mouthwatering flavor-fest combination that your taste buds will thank you for! Their Tangier burger ~ with a hummus spread, herb pesto and  manchego cheese is also very appetizing and delectable.  Their fries are fresh cut and fried.  Their spicy harissa fries are scrumptious especially with their aioli! The sweet potato fries with their sweet dipping sauce is also a good choice.    Salads, pizza's and other options ~ so far everything I've tried has been delish.  Their FEZ salad and Balsamic Apple salad are both very good.   The Crisp Pomegranate Chicken is also an excellent choice.  It has a very nice balance between the herb crusted chicken with a tangy pomegranate dressed organic spinach, roasted peppers, artichokes, chickpeas and dried apricots.HH ~ this is a great place to go for Happy Hour!! From 4-6:30 pm and late night 10pm-12am they offer 2 for 1 well, beer, margaritas and a $3 house wine! They also have different daily drink specials, like margarita Mondays and Martini Tuesday etc... It can get a bit loud at times, especially when the place is packed (which is most of the time). If your wanting a quieter experience go for a later lunch or an earlier dinner and take advantage of their HH!
1	What ever happened to FEZ? They used to be a  good restaurant and I do my best to support local restaurants. I hate writing  a bad review,but maybe by seeing this they will start to improve things at the restaurant.  Lately, the food has been average at best and the service is not only slow but rude on top of it.  Tonight we waited 20 minutes at the bar, before we could get a drink and the restaurant was dead. When we did get service, the bartender gave tons of attitude and seem more interesated in servicing his friends sitting at the bar than servicing paying customers like us. He never asked how our food was, which had he done that, he would have reaslized it was cold.  And to top it off, when we noticed the bill was incorrect, rather than an apology that he had made a simple mistake he choose to argue. Last time, I went there, I had poor food and service as well. I thought that was isolated experience, why gave it another chance, but after tonight, doubt I will anytime soon, unless things improve.
5	I love you FEZ! If I wasn't married I might just move in with you. This place has "it" down. They have the wow factor and keep it going. The menu is diverse and has some really different items that are fantastic! They are vegetarian friendly, too. I love going out and having options. Happy hour is stellar (both food and drink specials- 2 for one or major discounts). We fill up on appetizers usually. We've always had great service and the waitstaff are FUNNY! This is a very "gay friendly" restaurant, but you always will find a diverse crowd here. Priced as it should be, great ambiance and clean. The dining room can feel a bit cramped at times, so I recommend the loungy area to the back, the bar, or patio. Thanks Fez, you have never let me down.
4	My yelpathon (http://www.hngrysam.com/?p=20) brought me to Fez for drinks before dinner in downtown phx one night. I can't speak for the food, but the drinks and atmosphere were awesome. The apricosmo was the best - pretty strong, but I didn't complain :)The other reviews speak for themselves, here. Great place for happy hour!
4	I met up with some girlfriends during a pretty busy lunch rush.  The service was spectacular and didn't miss a beat even though every table was taken.  The rosemary chicken sandwich was awesome. The chicken phyllo apps were delish as well, loved the dipping sauce that came w/ them. Our servers suggestions were spot on.
4	Tonight I finally tried this place. I went during happy hour (unknowingly) so I was VERY happy to see that drinks were 2-4-1. WOOT! What a great deal. I ordered a half and half order of their spicy and cinnamon fries. My God they were tasty! I LOVED the decor here too. Only 4 stars because I didn't really get to try the food, but it definitely had me intrigued. I will be back, Fez!
5	Is it worthwhile to write a review for a place that has almost 500 reviews? Sure. Why not.A friend and I were feeling adventerous last night, and popped into FEZ based on a couple different Yelp reviews. It wasn't disappointing at all.There are lots of guys in this place. Lots. Very few ladies. If you catch my drift. The draft beer selection is not bad. Not great, but I've seen worse. Since we made it in time for the late night happy hour, we got the hummus plate (very garlicky), which came with very little veggies. For an extra $2 we bought the pita bread which was tasty. Then we ordered more veggies. For an extra $1. Two bucks seemed a little steep for pita bread but whatever.You get a TON of hummus.The vibe is very "eclectic". Lots of guys in hats. When I got up from our bar table to pay our tab, three guys clearly were trying to flirt with me. It was kind of funny. I guess next time I am at a bar in Scottsdale, I'll be more respectful before hitting on a woman. Now I know what it's like. Now I know.
4	FEZ does a damn decent job at most everything they touch. I've been twice now (with groups that like to share) and the quality is high, dishes are flavorful, and the prices are great. Service has been tops both times and the atmosphere is downtempo, laid back, but not blaring-music-loud. Very cool.I had their mushroom burger my first go around, which was pretty damn tasty, but for being not quite as medium rare as I would've liked. Otherwise, it was damn good.Today, I split their pomegranate chicken with the fiancee. It was fantastic; perfectly breaded, insanely flavorful, and the chicken was hot while the salad it was served over was still cool, which I really appreciated. (We were there at 3pm on a Sunday; I hope that'd still be the case during their more busy time as well...)They have great hummus, good sweet potato fries, and fresh, creative salads. Overall, a fun twist on psuedo-mediterranean, like a more competent Pita Jungle in a sense.
4	I'd heard some great things about FEZ and decided to give the place a try. Atmosphere:  five stars. I call it "effortlessly trendy."  There are also a variety of seating options: the bar area, conventional dining room, patio, or comfy couches in the lounge area are all very appealing.Some very extraverted individuals graced the bar.  Definitely a unique place AND no TVs in the bar--points in my book.  The wine list was quite expansive, and there were some creative cocktails to choose from. Plus, there's a nightly happy hour with drink specials. Saturdays are brewsky nights. We ordered hummus and veggies. The hummus was mighty garlicky (yet incredibly tasty), and we had to order a second round of veggies. I glanced at the menu--many of the items would have hit the spot!
5	In the Sunday, June 19th, AZ Republic they listed FEZ as one of the Top 10 Spots for "Yum on a Bun!"How could you not want to just jump on your tractor, in your Beemer, on your tricycle, in your 'YO' truck, on Hi Ho Silver, or whatever your mode of transport is and rush on down to Central Avenue for a juicy half-pound Angus beef burger? Add some cinnamon-spiced pear, feta cheese, crisp onions and a really wonderful BBQ sauce  . . . .ahhhh . . . mouth watering goodness! One of the Top 10? I don't think so . . . it is the TOP ONE!
4	Okay, I finally tried FEZ after hearing such great things about it from my partner and his sister. First off we were greeted at the door by the manager (which I was like cool), but that was where it dropped from 5 stars to 4 stars for me, after we were seated it took about 30 mins for anyone to come up and even ask us did we want anything to drink. In the meantime some people were seated and had ordered drinks not two tables away from us. At this point I was about to leave, then the manager came up and asked us have we ordered, and I was like a matter of fact we haven't, well he got us some waters and then we got the best server ever assigned to us and the night just went up from there. Now I am a person that can hold their liquor very well, that being said one martini and two margaritas later my head was swimming, and the waiter then told us, "Yeah we are known for our strong martinis". To make a long story short the food was wonderful the drinks have no equal, the only thing I would suggest, is not to get seated by the manager if you can help it, lol. Our bill came out to well over 100 dollars, but it was worth every penny. Will be going back as soon as I can get another day off.
4	We stopped by Fez when they opened for the lunch crowd earlier today. There was only one other occupied table in the whole place. We were greeted by a young man and brought to a corner table by the window.The gentleman took our drink order. We ordered 2 iced teas. He asked us if we wanted flavors or plain. I asked him about the flavors they offered and he mentioned several exotic flavors. So settled on the ginger peach and my husband ordered the pomegranate. Our server returned with 2- 16 oz bottles from the Republic of Tea. I was surprised, he failed to mention that these were bottled teas and are additional charge. 4.50 each! As much tea as we drink and it was so hot, I felt we were ripped off. But a lesson learned. He also failed to mention the special, as I heard one of the other servers at another table telling her diners. On the other hand, the food made up for it. I ordered the Fez Burger, after reading Howard Seftel's review I knew it was THE one! My husband ordered the Balsamic Bleu Cheese burger with spicy fries in addition to the salad.I started to notice there were about 3 flies buzzing about near the window. And one big horsefly. There was also a bee. I was ready to move to another table but instead moved our table inches away from the window. My husband ended up killing the bee. Anywhooo, When the food arrived it looked delicious. Both were served on ciabatta rolls that held their shape well. It tasted fresh not stale. My Fez burger was cooked perfectly. A 1/2 lb burger with a brushing of molasses bbq, crispy fried thin onions, cilantro, cinnamon pears, and a garlic aioli. I substituted bleu cheese crumbles for the feta that usually comes with it. If you like bleu cheese I highly recommend this! I was going to eat half of it then bring the rest home but could not stop! It was one of the best burgers I ever had. I don't like the usual condiments on a burger and I felt this burger was set apart from everything else.  The only way it would have been better, was if the pears were more carmelized. They were a bit to soft, but it was still delicious. My husband enjoyed his burger as well. Bleu cheese crumbles,spinach,chopped red onions,balsamic reduction and a garlic aioli. He ordered the spicy fries. This was the one thing I did not like. It tastes like fries that were shaked into a bag of chili powder. They needed another component to them because they were bland. Spicy, but bland. Both burgers came with a salad on the side of mixed greens and a lemon vinagarette with shredded carrots. A bit heavy on the carrots, but I thought the salad was a nice addition to our meal. Burger with a side salad 10.95, add fries for 2.25.I would have given this place 5 stars, but our server only came back once to bring us a glass of ice and to see how we were doing.  This would not stop me from going back. He wasn't great, but he was not a bad server either. The vibe is hip,trendy and a great place for a date or a meet up with friends. Not a place to bring kids. They had a great outdoor patio and a wine bar as well.  By the time we left, the place was packed and people were waiting to be seated. Next time I am in the downtown area, I will go back!
5	I have been back a few times and I keep forgetting to check in!  Boo on me.  The best brunches...  Today, I came for HH and dinner.  Like always no disappointment!  I had the chicken sandwich (pesto, lemon mayo, grilled chicken, etc. on a cibatta bun)...  One of my favies!  Second time have it.  I try to get something different all the time, but the chicken was too good not eat again.  Oh, we had our usual half sweet potato and S&P fries to kick off the Friday night.  Love u FEZ!
3	Good times w/ friends leaving town :(  Good food (Balsamic blue burger) and sampled a few great desserts (dulce de Leche mousse, walnut brownie w/ vanilla ice cream, and my tiramisu)!  Oh, and the $3 Apricosmo 'tini I had?  Didn't even finish half of it, but I was able to forget about my shoulder/neck/head pain for a couple of hours :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=jWfkluGQ19E9ByVKEjgW5w#jWfkluGQ19E9ByVKEjgW5whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=T7js7rt71W9k4dsfWnL7Ng#T7js7rt71W9k4dsfWnL7NgPsst!  Did you get a look at that haboob that whipped through the Phoenix valley?
4	Fez, Fez, Fez is like an icon for gay community in phx. they r luxurious, they r fancy and good taste. The food is awesome, the drinks incredible and fruity hahaha, the service is so friendly (ask for Monika she's the best) is a mix of crow, from gay, to straight to families all kind of people. seriously u will leave loving this place.....!!!!
5	One of the greatest places to eat, especially if you have a group of people...treated very nice, great service, and the food is heavenly!
5	What an awesome locally owned restaurant.. Love it!
1	I really liked this place when I was stopping into Phoenix, but will go in there  no longer. The food and the decor are good (and very complementary), but I can't get away from the rape-y way an off-duty bartender made me feel.I am not gay, nor do I feel any animosity toward people with any differing sexualities. But, when I say no to a dude (I'm VERY hetero), I MEAN no. And when I know the guy works there and the rest of the staff leaves me there alone with him in an aggressive state, I feel EXTREMELY uncomfortable.Nice food, nice booze. nice service. But the trust is lost. I am afraid to ever come back again without some sort of back-up.
1	Saddest dining experience....I was at Fez with a large group of young professionals, all well behaved, ordering food and drinks, and I have never had to witness such discrimination and ignorance on the part of a restaurant as I did tonight.  The waiter, bartender, manager, and owner all assumed that our friend, who suffered a traumatic brain injury years ago, must have been intoxicated because his speech was slurred and his gait was not quite right.  Despite having the situation explained, they refused to believe it, and instead of politely denying him alcohol, they told him to leave their establishment and refused to spend even a minute talking to him to see past their perception.  Our friend stayed calm, apologized to our group, paid and left without causing a scene.I don't care how the food tastes or what the atmosphere is like; I won't be able to forget the disrepectful manner in which they treated my friend.  I guess ignorance is alive and well, and frequents Fez as well.
4	It was a busy Friday night. We were seated pretty quick, but waited over 15 minutes for our server. We had to grab a server who had walked by our table a few times to ask if we could order drinks. Once our server arrived he was very friendly and prompt. I think he was overwhelmed and had not noticed our table?We ordered fun drinks that were delicious. I got the apple salad that was super light and refreshing, perfect for a hot summer day. I tried my friend Turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread that was quite large in size and flavor. I also tried my other friends Caesar salad, THIS WAS THE BEST CAESAR SALAD I'VE EVER HAD! The dressing has pesto, of which I am a fan.   We ordered dessert which decadent as usual.The atmosphere is fun and trendy. Pretty loud and happening. I will definitely go there again, and I'll tell my friends!
4	Love love love the strawberry salad I had from here! Can't wait to go back!
2	the food is decent. i would recommend the carrot cinnamon cumin soup every time!^ i started writing that about two months ago....ive been back once or twice since.the service leaves MUCH to be desired. i don't know what it is about servers down here, but when i served up in northern az...we did something called hustling. they take forever to bring you anything you may need.most of what i have tried has been a bit bland. except for the amazing carrot cinnamon cumin soup. lol.
4	BEST SWEEt POTATO FRIES EVER!!!! ...also, i love the bloody marys!
4	Some days Sweet D and I get some time alone.  And some summer days I'm in town.  Those converged today.   Since I've been telling out-of-towners FEZ is one of the highest/most often rated dinking (dining and drinking) spots in Central PHX, I needed some detail.First, unlike all you other Yelp*ers, this will not be a place for us to drop casually by for a meal or our favorite beverages.  Our enjoyable lunch dining experience cost nearly $50.00, including tip.  It will be a place for a memorable dining experience, probably in the cooler months in the outside, streetside dining room, at night when the decor and lighting will be at their artsy modern best.  The background music, contemporary, world, quieter pop and rock is fine any time.Reading some of the other reviews it appear solo men sometimes get verbally and visually groped.  This didn't happen to me.  When it has other places, I've gained insight into the plight of women, unless you're a woman who likes all the overt, very forward attention from admirers.  I understand women have several connections between each brain hemisphere while men have only one.  We know where THAT one goes, don't we?  Sorry guys, I won't be sending out of town business visitors here because of the potential overtness issue, my rep and because the expense account in my line of work would be atomized from a fully coursed meal at FEZ.  Sweet D ordered a pomegranate ice tea.  An Adam's Ale for me.  The tea was decent, but not worth the price to Mr. Cheapskate.  The Adam's Ale was Phoenix' finest, perfectly clear, refreshingly cool, notes of potassium, calcium and magnesium a background to the intense lemon overtone.We started with the 50/50 soup, lettuce wraps and sweet potato fries.  Why three appetizers?  The soup and wrap flavors and ingredients looked interesting and worth sampling.  I like sweet potato fries and am interested how eateries serve them.There are three regular and sweet potato.  You can order them any way you wish within the herb and spice flavor spectrum.  There are four flavors including the cinnamon dusted sweet potato.  The medical establishment is taking food as medicine seriously, and cinnamon is an excellent blood treatment, particularly for diabetes.  77 grams of sweet potato have 300% of recommended vitamin A RDA, 30% of vitamin C, lots of fiber, etc.  The Cinnammon Dusted sweet potato fries turned out to be Cinnamon Toast Crunch sweet potato fries, coated with the same cinnamon and sugar mix I ate on toast when I was small.  Adios diabetes helper.  Too sweet for me.  The sweetness of the apricot aioli would have been just enough, the flavors changing nicely when the fries were dipped and eaten.  The fries were cooked the best of any I've eaten anywhere, thorougly cooked but not painfully crispy or caramelized to near-burning.  The cumin cinnamon carrot and tomato lentil soups were excellent.  Again, health-supporting combinations, freshly made, well seasoned flavor balanced. I'd not call the lettuce wraps "wraps".  Reading the menu, I wondered what Romaine cups were.  I knew someone working in a rural resort with a Cordon Bleu chef.  People drove in from throughout the area for the food.  The chef prepared his daily artistry, people called in to see what was for dinner at the lodge.  After reading the French items from the menu, that bozo took it upon themself to translate.   Boeuf  bourguignon and pomme de terre became beef stew and red skin potatoes.  In the spirit of that downer of a human being, I'll tell you that Romaine cups are Romaine leaves.  The lettuce wraps are more like fajitas.  Load up your five Romaine cups as you please with the delicious mixture of minced grilled chicken,  dried fruits and vinaigrette.  An excellent appetizer.  We could have made the soup and lettuce wraps a meal.  We set aside the sweet potato fries, vowing to go cinnamon-dusted only next time.        We finished our meal with the rosemary chicken sandwich.  True to FEZ' American/Med/Maroc culture, this delicious item was a Levanter of pesto, rosemay, roasted red pepper and chicken. Outstanding food aiming to keep you tastefully healthy.  A great brunch, lunch or evening dine at street level Central PHX.    We'll be back.
4	This place is some tasty tasty stuff.  Been here numerous times, and you can't miss with anything on the menu.  Great fries!
5	I adore Fez. Granted, the martini's are pricey, but truthfully? If you get the right one, they're pretty amazing. And yes...if you're straying from the burgers and sandwiches, the dinners can be a bit pricey too. But why would you stray from something as amazing as the burgers and sandwiches? To start, this is a great place for drinks..especially in the winter months when you can sit out on the patio and watch downtown. Well, okay...watch the lightrail. It's a great place to hang out with friends and we usually end up going to a few dinners here for birthdays. The staff is always fantastic, especially Thomas, the GM. I usually get the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, which is a fantastic chicken sandwich. That, along with the cinnamon spice sweet potato fries is enough to make me do a happy food dance. Especially when you add their fantastic Pina-tini into the mix! I've also tried their Bleu Cheese Balsamic Burger, which is also great. In fact, the better half and I usually get either one of these, cut it in half and trade halves. And honestly? That's the best way to do it. The chicken phyllo packs are great also and if they have them on special, get a G-Spot. The only thing I wasn't too impressed by was the Fez Burger - too much going on with it. This place is a bit of a drive and really, there's not much to do around that area after you eat there. But, if you're looking for some different, good food, good drinks and a fun atmosphere? You can't beat Fez :-)
5	Then there are those times in your life when you want to impress someone. My friend of many years, SB was in town, and I had just one night with her.  She let me pick a place for dinner, so I said to myself, "What better place than Fez?"Last time I reviewed this place, I popped in for a late night hummus snack, but I have since been in a few times for drinks (Get the G SPOT), and food.My recommendation is to get the FEZ BURGER!! This thing will change your life. I say that all the time, but I truly mean it. The ciabatta, the cinammon pears, the aioli....everything about it screams sex on a plate.As always, the staff was fab. If you bring a lady, encourage her to bring a sweater. My friend got cold, even though it was 104 outside. It's ok though. Totally worth it.If you are in the mood for an interesting experience, sit at the bar and people watch. Trust me. It's awesome and very entertaining.Fez, you are one of my most favorite things about Phoenix. Every out of towner, and every local should be a regular here.Foodie Heaven!
4	First of all it's way to dark. I get ambiance but if u can't even see the menu it's a bit overboard , well unless you are there with an ulgy chick and you dont want to see their face at dinner before you get a few drinks in you to take her from a 2 to a 10. I get that there is "mood lighting" and then there's  I can't afford the light bill. .....We ordered appetizers which I was really looking forward to. Just so happens our waitress forgot them. On a lighter note we got our meal very quick.I ordered a steak which let me just say was 100% better than the steak I had the  night before at Gallo Blanco. The asparagus I had was not cleaned properly and I got the unedible ends. The gf had a butter leaf salmon salad which she found to be amazing. From my side of the table it looked pretty good (that is what I could see of it since it was so damn dark)Onto the weather forecast. It feels like its going to snow in here (and we live in Phoenix with it being over 100 degrees outside currently).  With it being so dark on top of the freezing air it could b a complete white out.As for not getting our appetizer the waitress promptly made up for it with free desert. Good recovery on the part of the waitress After the dessert which was warm brownie with ice, all I got to say is WHAT APPETIZER????  Redemption at it's finest. Overall we would eat here again. Next time we are just bringing a snowsuit, ear muffs and a flashlightGOOD DINNER TO THE FOLK AT FEZ.
5	Fez is probably my favorite restaurant in the Valley. Every experience I have had there was a great one.The food is amazing, every time I come back there I had forgotten just how amazing the food is and then when I take the first bite it is pure bliss. The menu has such a good selection, I always have trouble deciding what I want. One day when I'm rich I will head over to FEZ and buy one of everything. The desserts are delicious, at first I would always get the cheesecake with nutella, but eventually tried creme brulee and mousse which where just as amazing.I couldn't ask for better service, either. They always pay attention to our table, and everyone there is so genuine and friendly.The atmosphere is really cool. Everything from the patio to the bathrooms, I remember thinking how cool the sink was the first time I went to FEZ.FEZ is without a doubt a great place to go, any day.
5	Wow, Wow, Wow....The food, The Service, Impeccable.  Love this place and always make it  a point to stop in when in the area.  I am not typically a big fan of salads but this place has the most amazing salads.  Love this place.
5	I am in mourning for Fez. Not that Fez has gone anywhere. I've gone. I realize that it's just a restaurant and that there are thousands of restaurants here in LA, where I now live. But Fez has never been just a restaurant to me.For my family and me, Fez has been the kitchen that isn't in our house. This is where we go when we need some comfort food and, more importantly, some comfort. We can walk in, any time day or night, and be cuddled, cared for and fed. Thomas (the GM for those who don't know him) is a combination of dear friend and goofy brother (younger, I guess, but I'd never say that to him). Chad, the world's most talented actor/waiter/dad always makes us feel wonderful. Chad always makes us feel as if his day has improved just because we walk in the door.When it was time for the launch of my debut novel there was only one location under consideration - Fez. When our anniversary came on the heels of a blown engine and serious crimp in finances we went to Fez for food, libation and comfort. And when it was time to leave the valley we ate our last dinner at Fez, joined by a dozen good friends and hosted by Thomas and Chad.So here I sit in LA wondering if I'll ever find a place like that again. I doubt it. Fez is just the right mix of people, place and food that makes it the rarest gem. I'll just have to visit Phoenix from time to time for comfort. And food.
2	I just moved to Phoenix with my boyfriend. We were aimlessly driving around the central district recently and Fez popped up the Yelp app so we thought we'd try it out! Coming from Portland, OR I realize that we have become super picky about eating out (maybe even *gasp* "foodies")... but even so we were disappointed with the food and the service.We ordered some appetizers as well as 2 salads. The salads were SUPER saturated with dressing -- almost the point of being inedible. The sliders of the day were ok-- nothing super special. Our server was VERY friendly (a plus!) but left us for around 20 minutes before she wandered over and admitted she had forgotten about us and took our order.I would say, for the food the price is too high as were my expectations. I'm sorry to say we won't be going our of our way to visit again. I am starting to wonder if maybe I need to lower my expectations for Phoenix and accept sub-parr food at high prices as simply being the norm.
4	Let me start off by saying that I've never been a fan of Fez. And let me now clarify that and say that I'm not a fan of the food, but I'm a fan of the service and the professionalism. I've never had anything cooked bad, etc., I'm just not a big fan of their menu. Personal choice. But several people in my dinner group love it so we go there from time to time, and I suffer through it. I was in charge of the arrangements tonight, and I used their website reservation system to make reservations for 12 on Wednesday. I stand by my Quick Tip stating that this reservation system is really, really bad. This is the wording from the website: "Complete this reservation request form and we'll contact you ONLY if there is a conflict or question about your reservation. Otherwise consider your request fulfilled!" You get no confirmation, nothing. I didn't hear anything from them, so I assumed that the reservation was good to go. Guess what? We arrive and there is no reservation. Twelve hungry, some bitchy, gay men of a certain age with no dinner reservation. I can feel some of you shuddering right now.And then the magic happens. Chelsea (more on her later) comes up and appeases us in the best way a good fag hag with experience will do. We were assured that they would "make good" and find a way to accommodate us, and after apologies all around from waitstaff and management alike, we had several small tables pushed together and were seated. No small feat for a Friday night at 7 pm. We were informed that we would have comped drinks and apps for the trouble. Eddie: Is Champas all right with you Pats? Patsy: Lovely darling. Eddie: Should we finish off the beluga or should we have some smoked salmon nibbly things?The only app I sampled was the hummus, but there were several other offerings that were scarfed down, along with some pear martinis and pomegranate libations of some sort. I was going to order my old Fez stand-by, the blue cheeseburger, when Chelsea informed us of the special of the night. A chicken cordon bleu variation with honey mustard sauce and mashed potatoes. Sold. The chicken was pounded flat with a great Panko crust and the sauce had a sweet tang that was really quite good. I wish this was on the menu all the time. Chelsea handled a large table of obnoxious, randy queens like a pro. Working at Fez, I'm sure she has had her share of snatches on parade, but her humor and unflappability were greatly appreciated. What started off as a potentially horrible night turned into one of the most fun and memorable dinners our group has experienced in a long time. So Bravo! Fez. I stand by my statement about the reservation system, and I still won't say I'm a fan (personal taste), but I won't cringe when Fez comes up on the go to list from now on.
4	Just went here for the first time during brunch. I had a great experience; everything from our food to our service. The prices are decent and the menu is diverse. Check this place out if you're in the central Phoenix area!
5	What could I possibly not be pleased with Fez's service, food, environment and drinks? Not a D@ng Thing.Opening the 9' frosted glass door always brings a smile to my face. I have to admit I do know the majority of patrons and staff inside but that is only because everyone is so happy to welcome new and frequent visitors. And on the weekends during Brunch you may get to visit with their very own music sensation Monika. Love You Girl!The Kisras are so easy to order when with friends after Happy hour. The Hummus comes "however you want it"For you Folk who enjoy the Sippy Cup... FEZ has amazing specials for every night. Two to mention of course are the Tequila Night & Mimosa Brunch! Come Enjoy YOURSELF!
4	Do the fries basket and try all the fries...delicious!The veggie burger: One of the first I had, being a meat lover I avoided it forever, but this was actually really good and more flavorful than a regular burger.Drinks are good. Service is good. Location is weird, next to a Kinko's. You'd probably spot the Kinko's before you spot Fez. When you see Kinko's turn right into the lot or you'll miss it!
2	I don't understand how this place has so many stars, it's definitely not a 4 star establishment. Bottom line - it's not worth the price. I ordered the fez salad; it's basically two handfuls of field greens, three halves of CANNED pears, barely a tablespoon of goat cheese, and a few slivers of almonds.  The menu clearly states "cinnamon marinated pears", such bullshit. Totally false advertising. My husband ordered the bleu cheese burger, the patty had the texture of meatloaf (gross).They need to hire real kitchen staff who will prepare what is on the menu.
3	Went to for b day dinner while back great atmosphere food and drinx.
4	I'll agree with earlier reviews that the food is incredibly flavorful and fresh. I was visiting for business and this restaurant was a bright spot in an otherwise average travel experience. I dined with two colleagues and we were impressed and satisfied with the specialty seasoned fries as well as the hummus. The portions are very generous and we could have been completely satisfied sharing these appetizers as our meals. We underestimated the portions and so I ordered an entree. Despite feeling incredibly overfed I was able to eat at half of my black bean veggie burger. It was worth it - all of it.  Phoenix is incredibly fortunate to have such a delicious restaurant. Post Script: The service was friendly, prompt and quick. Very well done.
5	Excellent food and friendly attentive staff. Blue cheese balsamic burger is rich and pretty messy, but oh so tasty. I love that a side salad comes standard and that you need to pay extra for the fattening fries (I chose not to do so, yay me!). Good stuff.
4	FEZ has become a downtown Phx institution...with good reason.  The atmosphere is great, modern/hip...yet very laid back.  Best time to come to here is for Sunday brunch.  They have a separate brunch menu with delicious items, as well as their normal menu.  I love the variety they have at FEZ, there really is something for everyone and every dish is unique.  For brunch, you must get one of their special drinks...they are only $3.  I always get the G-Spot....its full of grapefruit wonderfulness, they are pretty strong too, you'll notice that once you finish #2 haha.I'm not going to review a specific dish, because literally everything I've tried is delicious and completely different.  The ingredients always taste fresh, and the flavors are always satisfying.
5	the Fez/Switch/Ticoz restaurants are my go-to places and they should be yours too! Fez's has The Best sweet potato fries. $3 pomegranate presses on Fridays are the only pink cocktail Ben the Beau will drink and he loves them! I've never Not liked the special of the month, including this month's Butternut Squash Risotto. We also love $3 burger mondays and cheap margaritas!Oh! And I usually work late so i don't know what time "normal" happy hour is, but reverse happy hour starts at 10pm!
5	All about the kisras...I had the Gyro one with lamb and feta and balsamic vineager dressing, delicious! The kisra bread/crust is way better than a pita, which is resembles.The hummus is excellent, creamy and definitely heavy on the garlic. You have been warned.
4	This was between an a-ok and a Yay! I'm a fan. for me.My husband was definitely a fan, he had the tangier burger with sweet potato fies.  It was good, especially the fries, he said it was the best burger he has had in a while.I had the fez burger, while I wasn't as smitten as my husband it was good, the spicy harrissa fries are awesome.  His burger was on special and we both had the grapefruit vodka drinks they had on special, making the price of the meal pretty awesome, I'm sure this is playing a large part in my husbands love for FEZ.  Our server was MIA after our food was dropped, which is sort of a service pet peeve of mine, but waving down another server who was happy to help was not at all difficult.Overall good food and good price, we'll be back.
4	Loved the food, the serving staff was super friendly and helpful.Will go back again next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Despite the name my girlfriend would not let me wear my Fez to dinner. Even without the fun hat it was a great meal.Walk in and you are greeted with a modern contemporary interior and a patio that has some of the best views of the light rail on central. The patio does have heaters for the 4 months of winter. The menu consists of salads, burgers, and some entree`s. We started with the full Marrakech salad 9.99. What was nice was the fact I split this with my girlfriend and they served it on two separate plates. This is great as it saves us from dropping a third on the table while we try to split; it also restricts my selfish nature and ensures my girlfriend gets some food. The salad itself was nice fresh spinach, orange supremes and a light dressing. Our mains consisted of the Veggie burger 9.99 with sweet potato fires and mixed greens and the apricot Salmon. 17.95. The burger was great, soft moist and full of flavor, the fries were crisp but it bit too desert like with the cinnamon. Our salmon was cooked perfectly, and the cous cous was light and fluffy. The apricot glaze was sweet but not overpowering.For desert we had the tarimsu. Again marvelous light decadent and nicely dusted with coco powder that I got on my sleeve. Service was great just as the food was.
4	Yelp reviewers were spot on once again in their comments about this place. We've driven by many times and have often mentioned that we needed to try it 'some time'. And on our way to the Spanish Market at the Heard Museum, we decided we'd stop in. It was still early so we opted for the breakfast fare - the fritatta was excellent. Wonderful blend of feta, artichokes and tomatoes. The side of fresh spring greens were a perfect compliment and not drowning in dressing. If you love bacon - you won't be disappointed - you get about 5-6 strips! Topped off with an Irish coffee on a misty gray day - what more could you want. The atmosphere is nice - trendy & casual. The only reason this isn't a 5-star review is that although our server was nice and personable, it took a long time to 1) get our drinks, 2) get our bill when we were done & 3) get the bill back for signing. The food was great and certainly worth another visit.
5	Been here twice and it's been so very nice! Both times, the staff have been very kind and the food have been great. I'll definitely go back here.
5	Thanks to my friend Michelle who is on a little Phoenix vacay while I'm stuck in Tucson, now all I can think about is Fez! The Fez burger with fries and one of their amazing bar bevies is my idea of a great time. Add the fact that the service is always spot on (at least the times that I am there) and the portions aren't stupid big, I enjoy it every time I go. I wish I were there now, with Michelle who decided tonight to blow up Facebook with delicious Fez photos, but I'll wait until Lindsey F has another large event and hit up one of my faves then!
3	I have been to Fez a few times now each time with a group. I really like the flat bread and hummus but other than that there really isn't anything remarkable about this place. I've tried some of the salads but each time they were filled with wilted fruits and vegetables. I found it upsetting when one of my friends was charged extra for a side dish when the waiter asked her which one she wanted. We assumed it as included. Our waiter just seemed greedy.
4	Love how late they serve food. Good place to grab dinner.
4	On a recent Sunday, on my way to get brunch at a downtown eatery, I had a horrible realization.  My restaurant didn't open until 10:30, and it was only 10:00.  I couldn't wait, I needed food STAT!And then I saw Fez.I ordered a G-Spot (drink), which is appropriately named.  Light and fizzy, it was delicious.  Not in the mood for breakfast foods I ordered a Balsamic Blue cheese burger with spicy fries.In no time at all I had a beautiful plate of food in front of me.  The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Even with strong flavors like Blue cheese and Balsamic glaze the flavor of the beef stole the show. The fries were messy and wonderful, chock full of spicy goodness.  I felt no shame for the spice stain that surrounded my mouth.  The fries came with a garlic aoli that perfectly balanced out the flavors.Since that first fateful visit Fez has slowly taken over as my brunch spot of choice.  I'm ok with that.
5	Visiting Phoenix and decided on Fez for brunch.  I had their Eggs Benedict special.  Delicious and beautifully presented with a generous portion. It was uniquely their recipe with a Mediterranean flare.  The bread used for the Eggs Benedict was a pleasant surprise and added to the foodie pleasure. Now, add to the great food some great service.  My waitress was so considerate and checked in on me several times and kept asking if I wanted refill on my coffee, a big plus for a busy place.  I also enjoyed the light and airy environment despite the light industrial decor.  Definitely would recommend Fez to friends.
5	I was in town visiting some good friends for the weekend, and right after the leaving the Airport we ended up at FEZ for Lunch.  I loved the whole look of the place from the second we walked in.  Great space, and great vibe.  I ended up ordering the Tangier Burger which is a grilled angus burger with hummus spread, herb pesto, oven dried tomatoes, red onions & manchego cheese served on ciabatta bread.  I have to say it hit the spot!!!  I will definetly be hitting this place back up when I'm in town again.
4	I went to FEZ for the first time this past weekend. Love the mid-scale urban feel. Both the restaurant and the bar areas are cozy along with a nice outdoor patio. For starters the drinks were mixed to perfection. I ordered the veggie burger with salad and I must say this is the BEST veggie burger in Phoenix and the salad was simple, fresh and dressed with just the right amount of one of the finest house vinaigrettes I ever had. I'm originally from NYC and you might call me a foodie so, I set the bar fairly high and I'm not easily impressed but FEZ has earned my respect and I will be back.
4	Came with local friend Matthew for lunch.  Phoenix is deceiving: everywhere looks dead since nobody is walking outside, but the restaurants are totally packed--such a strange dichotomy.  Quick service and faster food for such a crowded place.  Nice vibe with a colorful modern feel, high stools, combination lounge + restaurant.  As promised the FEZ burger was great: 1/2# grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta.   Ordered a soup (they gave me a mix instead but it was nice): the cumin cinnamon soup was a nice combo!   As true to Phoenix, gigantic supersize drinks with refills, my Diet Coke addiction has returned again.  Love to come back for dinner!
5	I have read about this restaurant a few times and always considered it but never ended up going. Finally my boyfriend & I decided to try it. WOW I LOVED IT!!! We had a fantastic waiter, I believe his name is Noah (can't remember that clearly after 2 bottles of wine shared between the 2 of us :S) If you're a vegetarian this place has great big salads! I got the fez salad (mixed field greens with toasted almonds, goat cheese, cinnamon marinated pears, dried cherries & pomegranate vinaigrette $9.95) SO GOOD! We split the salerno bruschetta plate $9.95 (six pieces: three mozzarella caprese style & three with mascarpone, sweet dates & cured pork) I ate the mozzarella ones and he loved the ones with animals :). My bf got the apricot salmon $17.95 (grilled salmon filet with lemon apricot honey glaze, pistachio cous cous & roasted vegetables). I was shocked when he ordered it, not very much his style but he LOVED it too! The food is great, atmosphere is casual but modern - and it's open late! I really can't wait to go again! :)
5	Love love love love love!!! $23.00 for 3 drinks and 2 of their awesome "bowls" at the bar! We ordered the FEZ fondue and the Gyro bowl. I was overwhelmed by all of the flavors of the Gyro bowl. That is probably one of the best things I've eaten in 2011! The drink of the evening was the G-Spot...some fruity red grapefruit concoction that was just spectacular. It was only $3 so we went for it. It was so so good!The restaurant itself is ultra-modern, in what seemed to be a somewhat odd location but I don't know Phoenix that well, so I can't confirm that. The service was spectacular and people watching was equally impressive. Great great restaurant. I highly recommend it!!!
5	Fez is swell, juuuuust swell. I love taking out-of-towners here or chilling with my local peeps on a Friday night. It's an attractive space filled with all kinds of people. Very welcoming and posh without feeling uninviting. The kind of place you could wear that hat in the back of your closet that looked like a good idea in the store. Why not? Sure you can pull off a fedora here.The veggie options are spectacular - though my one caveat is that you'll taste garlic in your mouth for DAYS after eating the hummus plate. Worth it. Wash it down with a damn good margarita and you'll be fine. Seriously, the margaritas are fabulosos. Happy hour and weekend specials are super cheap, and the service is incredibly friendly to boot. Alotta good goin on up in here.
5	FEZ BURGER!!!!!!! NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!!!!! If you go here, you HAVE to try their FEZ burger! Talk about an orgasm in my mouth!!! I also had their Turkey burger, which was delicious! A little burnt on the outside, but nonetheless DELICIOUS! OMG, I can't wait to come back, my mouth is just salivating thinking about this place! Great atmosphere and great customer service!
5	FINALLY made it to Fez for brunch. After sucking down a few of the $3 Mimosas, I dined on the signature omelet. It came stuffed full of their yummy, yummy gyro lamb, feta cheese and pappadeaux peppers - a great mix of savory, sweet and spicy. Each of us ordered something different that morning, and there was nothing but the garnish left on our plates. Safe to say we all gave it a thumbs up.
5	Along with Bliss, FEZ is another one of my fav brunch spots. They have $3 specialty drinks (mimosas, bloody marys, bellinis...). The service is always quick and the servers are always attentive and very patient with my ridiculous modifications. They have a drink called a "g-spot" and it is fresh grapefruit, grapefruit juice, ruby red vodka and soda. It is unbelievable and on thursdays they are $3 (i think) The menu is different with kasras and stylish burgers but somehow we always fill up on the appetizers. The cheese fondue and the little pyllo pockets are my favs. Ive never been disappointed at FEZ and I absolutely will continue to recommend it and go back! (Thanks thomas for the corrections!)
4	IF YOU ARE A FRENCH FRY FREAK... YOU WILL LOVE FEZ!!! They have a glorious selection of french fries that are accompanied by wonderful dipping sauces!!! The drinks are great along with all of the other food. They have great drink specials, oh and did I mention the great FRENCH FRIES!!!!
5	Love this place is super yummy! Italo kirsa And veggie burger are the best. My boyfriend also loves the tangier burger. Highly recommend fez, fun atmosphere, good food, and amazing drinks!:)
4	Good food for not a lot a money.  Nice portion sizes too.  Definitely check out the monthly special.  Very loud, but we'll be back.
4	Went there last week with a friend for lunch.  Yumsters!  She had the caesar salad with chicken and I had the pasta special.  Both were absolutely delish.  Just the right amount of salad dressing and lots of chicken in her salad and my pasta dish was perfect.  I am definitely going there for dinner and/or happy hour.  Oh, yes, we mustn't forget the service.  The server and the hostess were quite friendly, efficient, and professional.
4	Sweet baby jesus the garlic hummus is to DIE for. Switch up the oh so good but carbo bad bread accompanying said hummus with fresh veggies. Score. Be still my heart.
3	I'd give Fez 3.5 stars.I went here a few weeks ago, guided by Yelp to try something new. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was so dark I could hardly see my hand in front of me, and since I already have bad eyesight, I really didn't like that. The view out the window is of a Kinko's (or maybe a FedEx?) across the street, which is quite an accomplishment, given how scenic downtown can be. It was just too trendy for its own good. I can't complain at all about the food I received - my mushroom/cheese burger was absolutely outstanding, and they accommodated my request for a lettuce wrap rather than a bun without blinking. My dinner companion reported that the pasta was nothing special.
4	Love the fries here! Great food for awesome prices! Love to bring out of town guests here.
4	Home to one of the most interesting and eclectically topped burgers in Phoenix, FEZ is hard to classify but still delicious and hip.The burger I speak of, the FEZ burger, (yes, I'm reviewing yet another burger, I really need to quit the red meat) has an angus patty, spicy honey molasses BBQ, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on a ciabatta roll.  It seems like a marriage of flavors that could only end in divorce....It won't.  It's awesome.  Try it, seriously.Great place for drinks as well.  Very trendy here.
5	I loved this place. The ambiance and decor is really great. There was a short wait when we got there, so we sat at the bar to have a drink and appetizer while we waited. I had the watermelon margarita and it was super yummy. It even came with a gummy worm in it! Me and my friend shared the garlic and rosemary fries and we couldn't finish them. Once we were sat, we were graced with a very handsome, nice waiter. I accidentally hit him on several occasions (I am an Italian and talk with my hands a lot. Oops.) and he joked with me about it. For dinner I ordered the Casablanca chicken sandwich, because I had heard such great things about it. My taste buds weren't ready for how delicious it was. And again, the portions were huge so I barely finished it. Our server was a really good sport and put up with me flirting with him even though he had a "misses". Props for that. I'll totally be back to eat here again and try some of the other things on their menu!
5	Service was great, servings are large and just about everything is delicious!If you're a hummus lover then you'll love this place!The only bad thing I have to say about Fez is that we were seated outside and there was only one heater and it was located at the opposite end of the patio. Burrrrrrr!
5	I manage a restaurant in San Diego (a tough market) and FEZ has successfully conquered the barrier between a good burger and what I would call AMAZING! I give 5 stars because of the really friendly staff, the precisely mixed cocktails, and the AMAZING food. Make sure you add the garlic and rosemary fries!
5	Went to FEZ last night 1/27/12 before a show at the Orpheum. The parking lot was full but eventually  found metered parking on the street just south of the restaurant .  Everybody we came into contact with seemed nice and genuine (Host and Server).  The food was tasty tan-tan chicken sandwich crispy panko chicken breast with a baba ganoush spread, green olives, oven roasted tomatoes, spinach and bell pepper aioli on ciabatta.  I think a good ciabatta bread could make just about anything taste good though.  My wife got the fez kisra flat herb bread pizza with grilled chicken, spicy honey molasses bbq, red onions, spiced pears, cilantro & manchego cheese, very tasty as well menu says serves 1-2 people I think it can easily serve 2-3 we brought some home. Glad i finally made it to Fez and will be coming back.
2	Heard so much about the great food and excellent happy hour at FEZ, so we had to go there - Friday, Jan.  20.  We were impressed with the food, and enormous servings, however the service was mediocre. Our server was trying to handle too many tables and seemed over-whelmed.  She didn't come back to our table to serve more beverages, and we repeatedly had to ask for service.  What do great prices mean when the service is so poor?  Don't they "get it"?  Our party left unimpressed.
5	On a whim my husband and I decided to stop in for brunch. I'd heard good things about Fez but as a Chicago foodie I have a ridiculously high standard for brunch. I have to say I was quite impressed. I had an omelet with gyro and feta which was delicious and surprisingly light considering all of the heavy and spicy ingredients. The bloody mary was also nice and spicy. I went back the other day for dinner and had the marrakech salad with salmon. Even the half salad is a good-size portion and the salmon was delicious. Everyone else with me ordered different burgers and they all loved them. There's something for everyone at Fez whether you're an adventurous eater or you crave something more traditional. The staff was really helpful, too and gave us great drink recommendations. Go on a thursday for a cheap G-spot!
4	Had dinner here recently with my husband. We ordered salads and enjoyed them alot. We didnt eat anything additional from the main menu, so its hard to rate the food just based on salads, but we would definitely come back. The atmosphere was nice and the place had a buzz. We were seated by the door in the back that led to the outside porch. I would have liked a table more centrally located, but the place is not large and there was a huge party taking up alot of the tables. Parking lot was ample although it was filled.  All in all a nice experience.
4	Best sweet potato fries in the valley. Blue Cheese Burger is yum-o and the Martini's rock! The tables are small and close together the light is low. This place gets crowded and can be a little loud - we always make reservations if we are going with more than a couple people.
1	We were seated promptly.  A good amount of people there for dinner, but plenty of places to sit.  We then waited while the table to the right of us was waited on by one waiter, and the table left of us by another waiter.  After being ignored for over 10 minutes, we finally left.  Not one word from the wait-staff.  The menu looked interesting, I just wish they gave me the option of ordering drinks and food.
1	We showed up at 6:15 and were seated. We sat, and we sat and well, we sat some more. Two waiters were working the area around us but apparently neither felt the need to serve our table. After over 10 minutes of sitting without any acknowledgement we left.  A simple, "we'll be right with you." could've solved the problem or even better, the two host/hostesses could have taken a drink order. We will not be back. There are plenty of fantastic little restaurants all over downtown that treat their clientele as if they want repeat business.
1	We were seated right away but from there nobody acknowledged us so we had to leave. There were some waitstaff serving others nearby but it felt like our table had nobody assigned to it. We had to be on our way in a reasonable amount of time so we had to leave 10 minutes later since nothing had happened. Other friends rave about this location so it was a disappointing experience.
4	Had lunch here the other day for the first time and it was a very nice experience.  The restaurant is very modern in design, but a little bit too closer quarters.  The tables seem to be a bit too close together so you are siting very close to everyone else near you..  The waitress we had was very friendly and had our drinks refilled before they were empty even though they were fairly busy.  As is par for the course in some places in Phoenix the parking is horrible with most of the good spots reserved for the store next door.  It's a bit of a hike from the back lot to the restaurant .  I'm not sure where you would park if  the lot is full; I guess we lucked out.  The fries were pretty tasty I don't think they are the best I have ever had, but they are quite good. I had the Green pasta as recommend in the other reviews and it is very good and should be tried even if you aren't a veggie person.  We had the brownie for desert, I'm not really a fan of that it tasted a bit too undercooked and it was incredibly sweet.  It tasted more like sugar than brownie/cake like.  Try:  - Green Pasta  - Sweet Potato Fries
5	So good, came here last week finally with my wife and kids.  Place is not what I would call kid friendly but I found myself wanting to drop my kids off at the McDonald's next door for a few hours, jk (I don't want CPS coming to my house for that joke).  I had the FEZ burger which is just the most flavorful burger ever while being the most unique burger I have ever eaten.  It had BBQ, pears.....and I cant remember but it was flipping awesome.  It is very modern inside, my wife loved her salad, and our friend had a great tasting sandwich.  Kids ate chicken fingers from the bar menu and some sliders from the appetizer menu.  All was delish, will come again and ditch the kids first. (remember, this is a joke)
2	Slow service--I've noticed this the last couple of visits to FEZ.  It took over 10 minutes to get acknowledged by a waiter after being seated and then another 10 minutes to receive our cocktails.  I actually thought about getting up and walking out as they were not busy at all.  Food came out fairly quickly and was consistent, no surprises or much of any new trends developing here.  After our food again, it took foreever to get a water refill and a second beer only after we flagged the waiter down.  For some reason though, he was quick to come around and ask if we were interested in desert.  Maybe he likes offering dessert?  It then took forever to get our tab to leave and only after we waved down the water.  The slow service has been noticeable the last couple of visits.  This leads me to believe either there is a staffing shortage or a lack of attentiveness amongst the wait staff.  I've noticed there was plenty of time for chit chat amongst the staff so I have to defer to my second assumption.  I thought it was just me that noticed this, but my friend who was with me from out of the country noticed the marked difference since the last time I took him here.  Slow service is going to show up in reduced gratuity, and eventually different restaurant choices as there are plenty in this price point.  FEZ management take notice, before you continue down the slope of mediocrity.
5	Love this place...i try to come here everytime i'm in Phoenix. The service is always great, the crowd is definitely my kinda people and the decor is beautiful. I love the patio. Here's a few things that i love from here. FEZ FRIES!!! They do the sweet potato well. They taste like little strips of heaven fused with French toast. I love them!!! Breakfast Kisra - absolutely delicious. Definitely good for a hangover lol...kinda heavy. I suggest ordering for 2. The champagne mimosas are good...kinda on the bitter side, but still good. My absolute fave is the Peach Belini...always gets me drunk lol
4	Went to lunch with my mother and we really enjoyed it.  Seems to be a place where people go to eat and sit and visit.  Food was good and so was the service.
4	This place is so good!This is a prefect place for a first date. Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders with decent priced drinks. Had the marinara something pasta lol I forgot what it was called but it was bomb! Great location in central Phoenix next to the light rail.
5	Great drinks!Blue cheese balsamic burger is tasty. So is the lamb kisra. Lettuce wraps are good. Sunday brunch menu is great.  Cool modern decor. Great service.  Always a place to ck out if yr downtown :)
5	I don't think I have ever had anything here that I didn't like.  I like their sliders, although it changes daily I think.  You have to ask the server what the chef has chosen to serve for that day.  I do always have the same dish, the prime steak with a mushroom gravy.  My husband loves the fez burger.  They have a drink special everyday for the whole day.  I always end up going to FEZ on Fridays so when they serve their vodka pomegranate press for $3.  You can't really go wrong with that.  They have happy hour 7 days a week and reverse happy hour too.
1	This has place a horrible server! He talked back to our table and got an attitude, even though he was the one that forgot to place our order. After letting him know we were disappointed in the service he got an attitude and never came back to out table. Red-head server/bartender.
5	Went to FEZ off of a quick yelp search and I couldn't have made a better decision!  Bottle of wine and an entree, they were delicious.  The service was great, made a reservation online, everything was super easy.  After dinner, headed to the bar had a couple of martini's; Bar service was good too.  Great food, great service, great company, what more could you ask for!
4	My husband says this place has the best Caesar salad and I Love their Rosemary fries.  The staff is a little snobby but that fits well with their artistic modern  atmosphere I suppose.   The decor is what I dream my art room to look like!
4	A really cool trendy burger bar just north of downtown Phoenix.  The contemporary ambiance gives off a really fun vibe that makes it feel cool from the moment you walk through the door.I went with the fez burger.  If they're going to stamp their name on it, it should be good.  It's topped with spicy honey molasses barbecue, cinnamon pears, feta cheese, a lemon garlic aioli, and crispy onions.  Like all of FEZ's burgers it comes on a ciabatta bun, and the patty is shaped rectangular so it fits perfectly. Awesome that I never took a bite of just bread.  All the stuff on the few burger is very flavorful, but I think it over compensated for a less than stellar patty.  I wasn't too keen on the quality of the beef (plus, mine was undercooked, but not enough to complain.  My girlfriend actually said that her burger tasted overcooked, but also not enough to complain).  The salad that comes with the burger is quite tasty as well.  You can also substitute for fries for an up charge, but if you're with a group it's a much better deal to order a basket of fries.The customer service is terrific.  Our waitress was a little slow, but she made up for it with a really cool act.  After a man at the table next to us got on a very loud and uncomfortable rant, yelling at the woman he was with (I don't want to get into what we was saying, but let's just say I was very happy that she got up and walked out on him), the waitress brought a free dessert to our table for having to sit through that.  It was totally unnecessary, but a wonderful gesture.I'm going to say that FEZ was more of a three-and-a-half star experience, but deserves to be rounded up to four.  Although I think the place misses out on what's key (the chief should focus on a better beef patty and not all the fixings), there's so much that unique and done well at FEZ that I still walked away from an enjoyable dining experience, with a desire to give the restaurant another try.
4	The man friend and I finally made it out to a Sunday brunch. He sleeps in so damn much we never make it out in time for brunchy food. We decided to stop by Fez, one because it is close to the house, two I love the Fez, and three I was hoping one of my friend were working so we could say hi. Unfortunately neither of them were working. Boo! We stayed anyway. I wanted a cocktail and he was starving! We were seated immediately, when everywhere else we called that morning had at least a 45 minute wait. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Good for me, cuz I got myself a Bloody Mary and it was yummy!Our server came right over and got our drink order then got our food order as soon as he came back with our drinks, however we never really saw him again after that. Someone else delivered our food. I wanted to order a side of avocado, but no one check back on us after food delivery so I couldn't, our waters were empty for at least 5 minutes. By the time he mad it back to our table we were just ready for the check. Our food though was great. We both got the Eggs Benedict. Eggs were perfectly poached, the french bread was tasty and the potatoes on the side were good! The salad however seemed to be a bit of an after thought and really could have done without it. Ask for a substitution or no salad at all if you check it out. Over all we were satisfied, I just wish the service had been a bit better.
4	I read all of the great reviews and had to give the place a try. The restaurant is small, but nicely decorated and clean. I started with the Feztini, which is rasberry vodka, Chambord, and champagne, with a sugared rim. So good! It was the best part of the meal. Their garlic and rosemary fries are also delicious but the turkey burger was a little on the bland side. I'll pop in for a drink if I'm in the neighborhood but won't go out of my way for the food.
3	If you are one of those "love city life" people then this is the place for you . The modern hipster decor and lounge house music is a little redundant since a lot of places in downtown Phoenix look and sound the same. The portions are nice and food was tasty for the price. The waitress seemed less than enthusiastic with her service after we declined to have drinks with our meal.
1	1st time ever that yelp has lied to me.  I took the wife to FEZ because of the reviews but what a mistake.  The way the place looks is amazing very nice n hip.  But the wife and I ordered burgers and well burnt fat is the only word that comes to mind.  The beef tasted very very fatty and was burnt(I asked for medium well).   Hummus was good but both my and my wifes burger was eww and we both had different burgers.  Top it all off the 2 dudes sitting if front of us decided to give everyone in the restaurant a lesson on how to make out in public.  EWW get a room!
5	Mmm ...FEZ...The food is delicious, the desserts are sinful, the drinks are amazing...and the service is great! (Attentive, but not aggressive/Kind but also genuine)   : )Try the FEZ Burger (The vegetarian version is glorious: with hummus, grilled onions, ciabatta bun and black bean burger patty), and the the Rosemary and Garlic Fries (with either of the aiolis). Both are addicting. They also have really great seasonal specials, if you're interested in trying something new/venturing outside of your comfort zone.They have a wonderful Happy Hour (and reverse) as well as Brunch Saturday/Sunday.BEST of all: they're also open really late, which is wonderful when you really don't want after-hours drive through "food".
4	Sweet Potato fries are outa sight and they do their FEZ burgur just right. They're the CenPho hot spot for lunch, dinner and late night!I've had their burgers, pita pizzas, and salads. The atmosphere is cool and eclectic and the staff is friendly. Order yourself a flavorful martini with a few to choose from, like their raspberry feztini; always a great choice. Check them out if you're in the CenPho area and deciding where to dine, you won't be disappointed.
5	Dear FEZ, this is my FIRST review.  I choose to write my FIRST review about you because you were my FIRST love in Phoenix. You are where I had my FIRST date in Phoenix.  You're the place I went to eat after my FIRST Pride, and you hosted cocktails for my FIRST birthday in Phoenix.  I have been wanting to write this review since I FIRST stepped foot in your trendy cute well adorned settings.  From my FIRST sip of your sweet well concocted drinks to my FIRST bite of your amazing burger (which is still top of the list for best burgers in the valley).  Your service is always great and friendly and the food always spot on.  The FEZ "pizza" blows me away every time and the Calamari on the new menu always leaves me wanting more.  Thomas has always been a gracious host and I look forward to falling further in love with my FIRST love.
5	Awesome food, fast service, friendly waitstaff, great atmosphere... What more could you ask for!!!
4	Had the Fez burger (it's like a western hamburger but much better) and the sweet potato fries.    Really like their idea of the burger (my favorite... hmm.. I've had better.... try Unami burger in LA for something similar).     Still, the food was great, ambiance and service was excellent.   Close to the office.  Definitely a winner.
2	After coming to Phoenix, I realized that good reviews don't necessarily mean good food. I expected a crowded room when coming to FEZ on a Saturday morning for brunch but it was pretty scarce both inside and on the patio. I was SO disappointed with my eggs benedict. Eggs benny is one of my favorite weekend treats of all time and when done wrong, I am a very sad girl. The eggs weren't poached right and ended up in a little puddle next to the tough-to-chew baguette. The slices of ham looked like lunch meat and overall the dish was pretty awful. Two stars goes for their grapefruit cocktail which was tasty. I wish I could have traded my benedict for more drinks. Sorry FEZ, just didn't cut it for me.
4	I went to FEZ on my first night in PHX as a recommendation from Ivy R. (Thanks Ivy!!) I was informed that on Monday's there were $3 margaritas. I decided to skip, since  I was in a new area and didn't want to buzz drive. My server then told me that they also have a $3 BBQ burger on Mondays. This I decided not to skip. I added cheese, and for $2 had the option of adding salt and pepper, garlic, spicy, cinnamon OR sweet potato fries. My order came out so quick, but was fresh and delicious. After looking at the dessert menu, I learned that the creme brulee is infused with a different flavor every day. Monday is vanilla. That's okay, I tend to like the simpler things. This creme brulee was DELISH!! The -1 star is for the dimness of the restaurant. I'm all for ambience and mood lighting, but I had to use the light from my phone to read the menu a few times. For me, that's just a little too dim.
5	Love Fez, love the Fez burger, a must.Low cost, good food, and you must compare this to Switch which is like a block away.It is hard to judge which burger is better? Switch or Fez?  Try both and let me know if you find a better burger?  thanks.
5	I have been here a few times for work and each and everytime has been a wonderful experience.  Not only for their service, but their food is amazing.  you get alot of food for your money.  If you there is something ingredient wise you don't like, just let them know and they can customize your meals how you want.  I would go there again when I am in town for work.
3	Cinnamon and sugar on sweet potato fries. Not what should come with a burger! Buffalo Wild Wings, where ya at? Good beers.
4	Truly good food, made from high quality ingredients. Not the cheapest lunch in CenPho, but it's worth it on occassion. The bread is perfect, the side salad is fresh and delicious. I would skip the cinnamon fries next time, but the other fries were delicious and crispy.
2	My parents were visiting and I decided to take them to Fez.  The food was good but the service was terrible.  It took them 15 minutes to even notice that we arrived and were waiting to be seated even though there were tons of staff about.  The waitress rarely checked on us, never refilled the water carafe, and then proceeded to misplace my dad's debit card.  Most of the staff ignored us since we weren't their table and those we did interact with weren't very friendly.  My parents said that this experience would keep them from eating here again and I have to say I feel the same way.  It is unfortunate since the food was spot on.
5	I haven't been here in a while and its a sin.  This place really rocks.  Great service and you good must go, now!
4	Good happy hour, great burgers, cool atmosphere both indoors & outdoors. thumbs up :)
3	My one trip to FEZ was definitely delicious. The double D. We ordered the Fez Veggie Burger with spicy fries and a Fez salad. Descriptive enough? The salad consisted of: mixed field greens with toasted almonds, goat cheese, cinnamon marinated pears, dried cherries, and a pomegranate vinaigrette. The veggie burger: grilled cumin & garlic black bean burger on fresh wheat ciabatta with roasted tomato goat cheese spread; iceburg radish, red onion slaw. I'm not an onion person and i'm not a slaw person. So when you put the two together, I seriously cringe. i scrapped that portion off real fast although, my boyfriend said "the slaw made the burger." Apparently I missed out. The service was just fine and the food was good but theres really nothing about this place that moves the mark for me. Its interior has a "fast food" meets modern club feel to it and the music was bad and hard to ignore. I doubt i'll get "Fez Cravings" anytime soon but if you've never been, go check it out!
4	Love Fez!
4	I am definitely a fan of this place.It is surprisingly intimate and romantic for being right off of central. We went for dinner and there was nice candlelight and a good ambience. It was recommended that we get a burger (I hear they are divine!) but I went for the Fez Flatbread kisra, basically a pizza with grilled chicken, spicy honey molasses bbq sauce, red onions, spiced pears, cilantro and manchego cheese. That combination of ingredients sounded good and indeed it was! I left feeling full & happy! My husband got a burger and was equally happy.Good & attentive service. Highly recommend.
2	Bad News for the bright and shiny star that was once the beacon upon Central.  No longer does FEZ glimmer and shimmer in the Phoenix Sun.  Thomas Smith , the life and light of FEZ no longer works there and almost at once the sparkling service has begun to fade. Without it's stellar Manager to showcase and shine  will FEZ survive? On my recent trip to FEZ it seemed to me the staff has lost their va-va-voom. While still pleasant , I didn't have that waited on hand and foot feeling I am so accustomed to , and have grown to love.  Looks like I will need to find another haunt to feel at home at.   Sad. Good bye the FEZ we have known.
5	My husband and I have been going to Fez for the last three years and it never disappoints us.  We love the happy hour and the chicken sliders.  The decor is modern and comfortable with two huge couches for groups of friend.  I highly recommend stopping by for drinks with friends or for a scrumptious dinner for two.
4	You gotta love Tini Tuesdays!  $3 martinis that are the bomb...especially the Cherry Bomb.  And if you subscribe to Yelp, you can get special deals.  Yesterday I had an awesome seared scallop appetizer for $8.95 that wasn't on the menu...only special customers enjoyed this savory treat.  The waiters are almost as delicious as the food.  Our waiter, with a belt bucklet labeled "cocky" definitely was and treated all of us old ladies like we were queens(?).    Great times, great location, great food.
5	My gf and I love the atmosphere in this place. The staff is always super friendly and the food is soooo amazing. Perfect meeting place for after work.
2	So, I ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich.  Then I asked if I could get a VERY small portion of pesto pasta for my 10 month old baby. First of all, he doesn't eat very much and sometimes he won't eat at all.  The waitress gave me a stink face and told me that I couldn't do that BUT I could order this $6.00 portion from the bar menu.  The portion was WAY bigger than I would ever serve MYSELF at dinner.  And of course, he was not interested at all in eating it.  REALLY?? We've been dining out for 6 months now and this is the FIRST time a restaurant did not accommodate us.  Not only that, but the service was slow - I asked for a spoon to keep him entertained (everyone would rather have a happy baby in a restaurant than a cranky one) and I had to ask twice for it.  I had to ASK for a refill for my water also.  And she never asked how our meal was.The food was tasty, but I really did not want to be bringing home a full to go box home of pasta when all I wanted was about 10 noodles.   If your restaurant is going to have high chairs, then it should also have a changing table in the bathroom & accommodate children/babies for food.
5	We've been coming here for five years. This place never disappoints.  In the past year (?) they've refreshed their menu and it is even better than the old one. Their burgers are simply the best in the Valley and the Fez Burger is a wonderful combo of sweet-and-salty-in-your mouth. Their Hummus is incredible; seriously garlicky and served with fresh veggies. I'm in love with their Pistachio Cesar Salad. Their drink specials are amazing and that Apricot  Margarita is to die for. Recently we were in Boulder CO and tried to find a good burger and couldn't. So on the way home from the airport we grabbed a burger here.  Yay! We got our burger fix. And you've got to love the vibrant atmosphere.
5	Food is amazing. Service is great. Great atmosphere. Definitely a good place to check out for a nice classy menu that is filling and not over priced.
5	Service is fast and friendly and the burgers are amazing. Today I had the blue cheese balsamic burger and it is amazing as it sounds! My friend order the Fez burger and really enjoyed it. I have tried most of the menu items and have yet to be let down. I've been here quite a bit for happy hour or farewell lunches for coworker. I really love the ambiance. Its modern but retro in a way and sleek. The large windows make for a happy lunch time setting and an ultra classy dinner setting. The patio is large and well spaced. Tables are not set too close together so its nice not to have your dining neighbors listening in on your conversation. Over all a really nice experience every time!Xo,Reesie
4	I love FEZ!  I have had great food and drinks whether it's been in the evening for dinner and drinks or on Sunday for brunch.  My favorite is their brunch; my biggest problem is trying to decide exactly which item I want to get.  Between my friends, husband and myself, we've had everything on the menu and it's all good and consistently so.Another plus?  They have really amazing specials.
4	BLT salad was awesome!!!! The service nice and not intrusive.Atmosphere  was upbeat and modern.I enjoyed my visit & hope to visit again when in Phoenix.JoePittsburgh, Pa
4	I've been to Fez many times. It's my go-to place for an occasion. I've been for friends' birthdays, my anniversary, and this year I went for my birthday.I have to compliment them on incredible service - I made reservations for my birthday and expected about 15-20 people in my party. Come the day of my birthday dinner, I was running late, a few of my guests arrived before me, and to top it off when they asked for my table my reservations were made for the wrong date. Despite all of this confusion, the host pushed a couple of tables together to accommodate the situation and was able to seat everyone right away. I always feel horrible bringing a big crowd somewhere and I try to avoid it for the sake of the waiters but I have to say, the waiter we had was completely poised. He took everyone's order in an organized manner, never once messing up, and never once lagged on bringing a drink out or checking on everyone. Aaaaand after everything they were still able to successfully and gracefully prepare separate checks for myself and my guests. Now, the food and drinks. It sounds lame but I always have to start off with a basket of fries. They have a few different kinds and they each have their own dipping sauce. And they are CUH-RAZY crazy good. As for entrees, I am vegetarian, and always end up getting the same thing. Their green pasta (pesto + veggies). It's pretty good... I wish they had more veggie options (though they do have a veggie burger) but I enjoy going for that specific dish. They have a good variety of cocktails and spirits to choose from but my favorite is probably a drink called the G-spot (classy, I know). Fruity, spritzy, sweet... everything I love in a drink.Modern, fun, and delicious. And they have great specials!
4	Well I certainly concur with the 500 other people that have reviewed Fez! This is a fun, hip place to chill, eat, and have a drink.Anything that has the word "Fez" in it is good- especially the burger! Sooo juicy and delicious! The phyllo pockets are great, they come out warm and are packed with delicious chicken! Also, you will have no choice but to order the sweet potato fries (sprinkled with cinnamon) when the smell of an order of them comes wafting toward your table! They are super yummy!It's crowded, but finding a place to sit doesn't seem to be a problem!
5	The first restaurant I've ever been in when I visited Phoenix. IT IS AWESOME. First of all...cinnamon sweet potato frieds. Delicious. Second thing? That FEZ burger...wooof!!! I only had a bite of my boyfriend's meal and I was tempted to eat the whole thing (he wouldn't let me). Anyways, I ordered a salad, which was also really tasty and satisfying...but times like this I wish I opted for the burger.I promise to come back one day. The desert wasn't half bad either.
3	One of our long-time employees was leaving the company (after about 15 years) so a decent-sized group of us came to Fez for a send-off lunch yesterday. I myself had suggested it to the event decision-maker, but had never been before - I just know that it's had a lot of good reviews, the pics of the menu items on Yelp looked tasty and it's only a few blocks from where I work.tl;dr: I wasn't impressed. Details as follows: Most of my coworkers wouldn't know flavour if it kicked them in the face, so out of about 14 people, quite predictably the All American burger was the most popular choice. Might as well have all gone to Jack in the Box instead and saved 50%, but whatever. I decided to grab a large basket of garlic and rosemary fries to share with the three at my end of the table, and (unusually for me) chose a salad as an entree. I selected the Barcelona Butterleaf Salad. The fries were pretty good, nothing mindblowing, but the salad was below par. I wasn't after anything fancy, but the nuts were NOT candied like shown on the menu, they were just plain cashews - and the salad was absolutely fucking DRENCHED in the dressing. As in, so much that the lettuce was wilted and I was wincing with each mouthful toward the end because of the extreme vinegary zing. They could have gotten away with a quarter of the amount they put on. I thought that some pickled beet might be nice on the salad and asked if that was an ingredient they could provide. Nope.I asked a workmate what he thought of his blue cheese burger. He had asked them for a couple of pepperoncinis - again, nada. They offered him chili pepper flakes instead. Basically he told me that it was okay but the meat lacked flavour. Nobody at our table seemed particularly overjoyed. As for me, I don't think I'd want to eat a burger with ciabatta bread. How about a sesame seed bun instead? Too traditional - for an All American burger? Evidently.This is yet another place that imposes a mandatory tip for large parties - that tip, of course, is your penalty for bringing more clientele into the establishment and forcing the restaurant to make just that much more money. Because it sure wasn't to ensure that all meals were served at the same time to the guests. One of our guys had to wait several minutes for his burger to come out.Three stars, and I probably won't be back - not as long as there are places like Pho Thanh in the vicinity where you can get double the taste and double the amount of chow for half the price. Not for a place with this level of mediocrity. Seventeen bucks for a shit salad and about ten fries - GOD I wish Pork on a Fork, Greek Wraps and Indian Paradise weren't 20 min drives away.
5	I really love this place. The food is fantastic, servers are always welcoming and the crowd is "hip". Bloody's are GREAT! The music is way too loud for a professional gathering (or for the whole family for mothers day) which I learned the hard way. If your looking for a good brunch or happy hour with friends, this is at the top of my list.
4	While I'm still not the biggest fan of eating out (thanks to traveling for the past 4+ years!), I do like trying new places. I hate chain restaurants & will stay away from them if at all possible.We went in for a late, mid-afternoon lunch here and these are my observations.*Thanks for the big sign. Normally, I drive past places on Central and realize when its too late, then I have to backtrack, etc. Yay- signs make a difference. ;)*Private parking lot- yay, no wait for parking!*Cool interior design- see the pretty lights!*Service is pretty good- once we got our food, we had to flag the waitress down for drink refills (it wasn't busy in the restaurant at the time), and the check. Normally, that may cause irritation, but she made great menu recommendations and was really nice. Forgiven,*Cinnamon Sweet Potato Fries. Good lord. MMMMMM.*Was craving a mushroom burger for weeks- perfectly cooked, flavorful, etc, big portions, filling.*Clean. Enough said.We'll be back soon - great find.
5	YUM! I love this place- I wish I could have ordered almost everything on the menu.  Ended up getting the artichoke dip, chicken filo dough things and the salad.  I had enough food for three days of lunch!  it is great!
5	Tuesday martini specials- CheckDelicious Apricot martinis- CheckLush Cherry martinis- CheckJuicy and savory turkey burgers that can be enhance with some of their unique ingredients such as sprouts, feta cheese, amazing spreads, etc. - CheckSexy after work crowd- CheckEast coast vibe- CheckGreat bartenders- CheckClean beautiful bathrooms- CheckFree and easy parking-CheckI will try and make this my new Tuesday spot.  I would love to see a DJ here, because once again I would make my own dance floor!!RUN, do not Walk to FEZ, you have been missing out for a while now!!
2	I really had high hopes for this place. My co workers had given it reat reviews and I was looking forward ot having lunch there. I ordered a the strawberry/blueberry hafl salad with chicken. Now the chicken was really yummy and the strawberries were so fresh but to pay $15 for a half salad I think is a little much.
5	Loved it!  Loved it so much on my first visit that I went back again only 4 days later to try it again!Great happy hour.  Both times I had two margaritas - watermelon, citrus and I can't remember the other two.  Mmmm...Ordered the black bean burger both times.  Love the bread and the layer of goat cheese.  Just delicious.  Both times was to full to even taste the salad that it comes with.I look forward to going back a third time.
1	Stopped in a couple Saturday's ago for brunch. The place wasn't that busy and we were seated immediately. Our server came over with water for the table and asked if we would like something else to drink. I ordered o.j and my girlfriend got a bloody Mary. After about 10 min the server came back to take our order for food and I asked about the drinks. He said he would go grab them after he took our order. 10-15 min after placing our food order we not only had not received our drinks but now our water was gone. Finally the drinks arrived with the food. Upon asking for our water to be refilled the server gave a grunt like i was bothering him!? The food was "ok". Not great but also not terrible. There are many other places I can go and spend my money and get much better service and food! This is a place I will not be visiting again. Ok food but terrible service
4	the four of us had an early dinner on Sunday afternoon, and were delighted with the service and menu selection. I had the tangier burger which friend #1 highly recommended, and I quite agree with him that the combination of flavors made this burger a unique experience. Other group members had the monthly special ( I can't remember the name) which was a blend of chicken and vegetables in a tangy seasoning over the top of a tasty rice mixture, which we all thought had the most unusal (but delicious) aroma and flavor; a pesto Caesar salad, very satisfying but needed just a touch more pesto; and the hummus plate, which we devoured without a scrap left. The only thing that was desiring was the salt and pepper fries, which came with my burger. There wasn't any pepper and very little salt, but that was on the table so we made that up as we went. Seating and ambiance were comfortable and conducive to good conversation, and we will definitely be back to try some more of the very intriguing menu items.
4	I love the ambiance of this place. It feels very modern since I have never seen something that has a projector just displaying a waterfall in the background. I wanted something light so I went with the strawberry and blueberry salad and it was delicious. Pricing is okay considering the ambiance of this place. There was also a yelp check in deal if you want to take advantage of that. The service was great and I would definitely be back here if I am ever in the area.
4	Great atmosphere! Great menu! Great happy hours! Sit outside on the patio if it's nice outside.
4	They have the burgers you never want to live without, the fries to keep your mouth yearning for more and the perfect atmosphere to have you coming back for more! Love it. Delicious to the max!Been here twice, once for lunch, once for dinner~~ extremely modern and the food is just......i cant describe it. go before you regret it. You're welcome for the advice!
5	Not much to say about FEZ except they have excellent food and drinks. I usually go with the sirloin and potatoes, and its always good perfectly. They also have a good selection of spirits, in addition to a few special made cocktails. Atmosphere is perfect; modern and trendy without any holier than thou feelings. Happy hour is every day as well, go!
3	Food was good service was great but be sure to order one of the many salads just wonderful also the kisra.  Was a plus doing it in Arizona.....
4	This is the first place I ate when I got to Phoenix (Flight landed and within an hour I was starving, so my boyfriend took me here).  I had a salad that was easily bigger than my head, but so, so yummy.  Definitely would like to return.
5	Wow! The rumors are absolutely true.Sooooo good!!! First time to FEZ and I have wanted to visit for quite a while. Their happy hour prices are quite nice and the bottled beer was frosty-cold. I had to have one of their burgers and was not disappointed. I had the Tangier Burger with hummus, herb pesto, sun-dried tomatoes, and manchego cheese. Got this not in their delicious ciabatta, but on romaine lettuce. So crisp, fresh, juicy, delicious. Side salad had a splash of their delicious homemade dressing too.  Hubby and son had the FEZ burger with spicy honey molasses bbq sauce, cinnamon pears, feta cheese, lemon aioli, crispy onions, and cilantro. They had theirs on the ciabatta bread and I had a bite or two for myself. Oh... man - so good. Their sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had and I try them everywhere I go. Dear FEZ, we'll be back again and again.
5	I go here regularly because the burgers are so good.  The Fez burger is one of the best tasting burgers I've ever had and the taste is consistent.  Sweet potato fries are also awesome, I just dont like dropping another $3 for them on top of the $12 burger.
4	Their humus kicked this non-humus liking girl's hinney!  Daaaaang it was so good, don't you think about leaving this place without trying it.   The pomegranite chicken was ah-mazing.  everyone in my group kept eating off my plate.  punks!tuesday was $3 martini night, can't beat that!  such a trendy modern atmosphere with great service.  you won't be disappointed!
4	$3 bloody Mary with tons of kick? CheckSalad options with goat cheese? Double Check.Spicy Harissa fries with aioli sauce? Heck yes!This place is awesome although I do feel like I'm in a wanna-be club scene in the middle of the day. It's modern but almost to a cutting edge in little Phoenix.The staff are helpful. By the way, harissa is a mix of spices including cayenne and peppers but kind of reminds me of Cajun (Just a little).My salad had goat cheese and a vanilla infused dressing that was good but a little much heavy on the dressing.They have brunch too but I wouldn't miss the fries. EVER.
4	The monthly lunch special was great! Good place for a quick lunch.
3	Fez was pretty good but SO expensive. They have limited drink specials and depending on what you get the drink may or not be strong. Our server was so sweet and the place looks awesome, but the actual menu prices would deter me from going back for Happy Hour. There was nothing special about it. However, I wouldn't mind trying it out during their brunch hours.
5	LOVE the Food, Drinks, Atmosphere, & Staff. FEZ has great fresh food at a great price. The staff is always friendly. AMAZING Burgers!
5	Had to work in PHX for a few days and a co worker took me here after he saw me eating a pear at my desk...he asked if I liked pears and said that we had to go to a place that puts pears on burgers and chicken sandwiches...kinda thought well that's weird so off we went. Had Casablanca Chicken Sandwich...who would have thought pears on a sandwich...one of the best chicken sandwiches I have ever eaten! Too bad I was in town only a few days ....would have gone back again!
5	I have been here many times and have yet to be disapointed. Love the kisra and garlic hummus. Yum!
4	I had the "best Egg White omelet you'll ever have", curry version, and OJ.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  Only downside was the place was full of folks at the time and too noisy to have a conversation.
5	Seriously - as good as it gets - the food, atmo, and service couldn't have been better. Food: We started out the lamb sliders - 4 to an order - and were literally licking the plate clean!  The Fez burger was as promised - a foodgasm. Get the SPICY fries.  Drinks: Featured that day was a pom and vodka delight for $3 - um, hello!Atmo: We ate at the bar and it was trendy but relaxed at the same time. Service: I want to be friends with our bar tender, she was so happy and polite. With her upbeat attitude you could tell she wanted to be there. I WANT TO GO BACK!
5	Service is always great and food is consistent. Huge fan of the fez burger or shrimp kisra!! The garlic aioli is out of this world.
5	Awesome new find! great service, food and prices! have and will continue to recommend them. Saturday brunch was great! Shared some recepie secrets with the chef:) Top notch for what appears to be a  very hipster type resturant.
5	If you go to a place and have a great time every time you go what other choice do you have but to give them a fiver right? Love this place. Whenever I'm in AZ I seem to end up here. The menu is fun, playful and loaded with tempting bits. The bar cranks out wonderfully interesting libations meant to refresh as well as knock the edge off. Last but not least my favorite bar tender ever Sarah serves you a big ol glass of sexy funny sass. Love that ginger kid!
3	Yes, another case of following the wrong Yelp!  I love burgers.  This place was supposed to have great burgers; mine came out cold, without the fries we ordered, without ketchup.  Does the wonderful interior make up for it? Well, after the waiter saw that I like warm food, he stepped it up and delivered an A-OK burger.  The sweet potato fries and molten chocolate thingie far surpassed the burgers, but then again there are very little choices in Phoenix after 9PM.  It almost seems like we're on Eastern time.
5	What an experience! Super cool vibe, laid back server and the food - to die for. I had a burger with a side salad and a margarita. Not only did I have a margarita, but I ordered them from a menu that featured several different kinds of margarita. It was happy hour still, so that made them taste even better. The place is trendy - lots of artists, gay folks and tree huggers but also groups of friends and business dinners happening. Really great!
4	Great restaurant for lunch. Service is always friendly. Fun atmosphere.
2	Met up with friends recently at Fez. Have never been a huge fan of this place but it's been a few years since my last visit. Nothing has really changed. Food isn't all that great or special. I do like their drinks menu. Only thing truly special about Fez is Monika Avalos!!!
4	This is s great little place off Central in Phoenix. Modern decor and a nice patio.W started with the hummus platter, very fresh and just the right amount of garlic, puts bread was amazing.This place has a drink special everyday. Tuesday was $3 martinis, the first 5 on the list anyway. Very good, full sized and fresh fruit, I tried the apricot, lemon and dark chocolate, all delish! The Casablanca chicken was great and they adopted the bun for me and wrapped it in lettuce.Carolyn's strawberry and blueberry salad looked good and she couldn't stop eating it.... Going to check out the brunch on Sundays.
5	Really good hummus and creative burgers. This would be a great happy hour spot for hummus and drinks!
4	Open late, that is a huge plus!  Been here for lunch and for dinner, also in different times of the year.  Service is always stellar.  Food is always good.  Sometimes there is something weird with the check such as charging for things that were supposed to be included or full price for happy hour items or something like that.  Not sure why that keeps happening, there seems to be some pressure on the staff.  Otherwise, the place is trendy and seems small and loud in the busy times, spacious and accommodating when just the right amount of people.  Best time is dinner, in a booth, not on a weekend and when you are really hungry as the food portions are generous.
4	I choose to take my date to FEZ, based upon the Yelps it had gotten.Ambience.This is just how I imagine a new restaurant should be (pointing out, that I am not calling this restaurant new - cos I really dont know how new/old or what is considered new in Phoenix these days). I really enjoyed the interior, even though its geared towards a crowd way more hip than I. Especially I liked how dim and spacey the place is. Service. The service was great. Not pushy yet very attentive. The server gave his opinion when asked for it, and I appreciate that. Food. The food was good, but in quality and quantity. The only negative was that I might have picked poorly.. I had the pesto pasta and it sounded more special then it was but that's on me, not the establishment. The drinks on the other hand was great, including the martinis that served as dessert for our little party. The plusses & clientel. FEZ is a restaurant.. and a lounge.. and a bar, I guess since you can sit at the bar. I didnt see the bar until I left (thats a good thing) and I intend to check out the lounge at a later time. I think this all is great, but it does attract a crowd that I might not blend with.. however, it does make the clientel very eclectic and that is great. I thought I came for a trendy little restaurant, but got much more. Cool, very cool.
5	Amazing food! You can literally order anything off the menu and it is fantastic! I love this place!
4	Great atmosphere and great service. The restaurant section isn't huge, but we were able to be seated right away (around 7pm on a Sat night). They had a small lounge and bar area which we didn't go into, but will try next time. Food was excellent and not too pricey. Had the crisp pomegranate chicken and it was delicious. The key lime martini was the perfect dessert!
5	On our way to Tucson we stopped here to meet a friend for dinner.  I loved this place! The dishes all have a morroccan flavor with surprisingly tasty results. Even the french fries had a dusting of cumin and chili and were incredibly delicious. I had the Fez salad which was a combination of baby greens, sliced almonds, dried cherries (not 100 percent sure, could have been another dried fruit), moroccan flavorings, seasoned chicken, and a mild dressing.  Another diner in our group had a Gyro sandwich with garlic fries.I wanted to try the Lamb sliders but just wasnt hungry enough.They have a good selection of beers and wines and had beers on tap for $3. Great mixed drink menu, too!Prices were reasonable, and they are open late!Fantastic experience!
5	My husband's favorite place to eat, and I love it too! We have never had something here we didn't love but our favorites are the Fez burger, and the Chicken Tan Tan (I think thats what Its called!) The food is so great, and the staff is always very friendly. When we first started coming here they played Finding Nemo on a big projector, it is silly and trivial but I loved that! It was so fun!
5	I love finding new hipster spots and I and wasn't disappointed with this one! Their decor is so beautiful! We got the fez burger with garlic and rosemary fries, and it was out of this world delicious! Their fries are my new favorite. Their drink menu looks awesome but we saved to have them until next time we go. The staff is great. We were warmly greeted by a guy at the front and our waiter was fast and efficient! I love this place! It is a definite must try!
5	I started visiting FEZ in August of 2010 when I started law school a short walk away. Over the past two and a half years, FEZ has become one of my favorite restaurants (even though my school relocated). The staff is wonderful, they carry my favorite vodka (Hangar 1 from San Fran), and the food is always delicious. Try one of their salads or burgers for a lunch that won't let you down. And for vegetarians there is a delicious, house made black bean burger.
5	So Impressed! Amazing Menu! Amazing Atmosphere! Great, fun and lively staff! I always feel welcome here. The patio is wonderful in the cooler months. Right next to the light rail! Rosemary Chicken Sand which, sweet potato fries with a special white sauce is a must have!!!
5	This place is incredible! Great place to take a date or your significant other. Great ambiance and excellent food! You have to try their hummus as an appetizer and the Fez burger can't be beat! Always great service and  a good time.
5	Still the best burger i've ever had.  I try to get in here at least once a month and the quality is very consistent.
5	Took a cab in from the airport on a layover and was blown away. Service was impeccable, the lamb sliders were a work of art and the Fez burger, their signature, is as advertised - scrumdiddlyumptuous (is that how you spell it? Who cares I'm running with it).Also, they had a $3 pomegranate vodka cocktail special at lunch that is perfect for functional alcoholics like myself. Don't worry, kids -- I took a cab back.
1	Poor service. Everyone was milling about when our party of 7 walked in and no one wanted to do anything...this type of lackluster attention continued. The drinks were awful. $3 margaritas sounded too good to be true and my watermelon one tasted completely artificial like they melted a jolly rancher into it or something. Blech.
5	So good, so hip...I feel like I am not cool enough to eat/drink here but with food like that I can't/won't stay away. Love the tomato salad and the fez burger.
2	I love FEZ and it is killing me to give them 2 stars.  Why?  The service was just flat out awful!  Our annual Christmas meet up was not a good experience.  The food was still great as always.  We sat for 10 mins before anyone came by.  Then another 10 mins before our drinks made it to the table and we ordered.  Never saw the server again to get a refill until the food arrived.  Then we had to flag another server down for another refill.  They said they will get our server.  Maybe 5 mins or more then the our server showed up.  I am so bummed!!!!
4	Yummy! American food with the sweet and savory flavor combos reminiscent of Moroccan cuisine - took me back to Fez and Marrakech! Loved the interesting and fresh take on sandwiches and salads. The atmosphere is hip, but not uncomfortably so - at least not during the lunch hour. Try: Either the FEZ burger or veggie burger - both were delicious!
3	Went for lunch, ordered the Lamb Sliders.  Was not disappointed.  Four small patties came on pita bread with a tzatziki-style sauce, diced cucumber, tomato and a few sprigs of cilantro.   Something about they didn't have any patties pre-made, so they had to make them to order.. Not complaining about that!  Also had iced tea, which was definitely not fresh - but also definitely not awful.  Meh-worthy, I'd say.  Food = great.  Service = ok.Atmosphere = not bad.
4	I love this restaurant.  Try the chicken lettuce wraps for lunch, the hummus and the champagne vinaigrette.
5	I'm a HUGE fan of this place, but its probably because I'm slightly obsessed with the Fez burger--best burger in town! The service has always been decent, and I love their martini selection. Great patio as well...lots of fun to people watch when the weather is nice.
5	The Fez burger is where it's at!! So unique and delicious. Been here several times, each time is as good as the last.
5	Oh man...while staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Midtown, I was about to walk down the street to Thai Basil when I noticed how full this place was across the street.  I am thoroughly satisfied that I decided to stop in.The Fez burger is, hands down, the best burger I've ever had in my life.  Tonight (Tuesday) happens to be house martini night for $3, and they did NOT skimp on the alcohol.  I'm used to killing Long Islands and feeling the power on the way down, but these martinis just snuck up on me as smoothly as they went down.The service was superbly friendly and prompt.  My waiter was Chad - my water glass was never empty for more than a few minutes, he had everything I ordered out very quickly, and the night ended with a sincere handshake after such a great experience.  If I'm ever back in the Phoenix area, I'll be eating here again!Thanks, Fez!  :-)
5	Fez is hot....hip and happening! See Kirk for a delish beverage. See Shad and Chris for A-MA-ZING food. See David to give them ALL props! They are just a few of the reasons behind our weekly visits!! XOXO
4	I visited FEZ on my hunt for the best burger in Phoenix. It came in second place out of 16 restaurants. Here is my review of the burger.Now, this was an unexpected treat. I'd been to FEZ before and enjoyed the food, but I was never blown away. Enter the FEZ Burger. The list of ingredients includes Cinnamon Pears, Feta Cheese, Molasses BBQ, Crispy Fried Onions and Lemon Garlic Aioli?! This seems a little ridiculous. How all these flavors come together in a delicious bite is something of a mystery to me, but wow, is it a delicious bite. This burger hits the mark and leaves an impression. I WILL be back for more of these in my near future. I'll probably be munching on some of those super spiced Harissa-dusted fries, also. Go FEZ!To see the other best burgers in Phoenix, go to http://forkvsfood.com/best-burger-review/
4	I was thoroughly impressed with Fez, and on the waiters recommendation, whose name escapes me now, I had the black bean Burger. It felt like being back in NY only without the hustle and bustle. The menu wasn't like the Fez in NY, which i expected but it was great nonetheless. I really do like this place.
5	Just stop reading and go. It's delicious. Order the FEZ burger or the FEZ Veggie burger if you're vegetarian, and enjoy your night. The food is great, the service is great, the place is hip, they have cool music... you should probably just go.
5	A coworker of mine invited me to lunch here and I'm so glad she did.  I brought my husband here a few weeks later and he fell in love with the place too.  He actually gets cravings for their Douxelle Burger.  The staff is always friendly.  Occasionally the service is a little slower than desired but those occasions are rare.  Depending upon my mood I rotate between the Fez salad (cinnamon marinated pears on field greens with dried cherries), the veggie burger and the Pesto Caesar salad.  Sometimes we order the sweet potato fries if we feel like it.  Last time I was there they had this special which was a grilled cheese panini with gouda and a bowl of soup (I got the carrot and squash - yum!).  There are enough options that I can find a good variety.  Sometimes my husband goes on a diet and decides to cut out carbs - when we come here the kitchen always gets his special requests right!  Another plus!  Their happy hour specials are great too - they usually have a special $3 cocktail of the day.  The pomegranate vodka is great and I don't like vodka so that's saying something.
4	I split the spicy hummus with a friend and didn't even finish it, for ten bucks you get a decent amount. I'm a vegetarian but they're FEZ Veggie Burger didn't sound appealing so I ordered the traditional FEZ Burger sub black bean patty and it was DELICIOUS. Such an interesting combination of flavors that mix together so well. I suggest ordering the sweet potato fries to go with it.4/5 stars because the service sucked. It took us nearly 30 minutes to get our drink order. I'm pretty sure the sever was new, but she should have asked for help because  the wait and quality of service was ridiculous.Overall, the delicious burger was worth it.
4	Great tasting hamburgers. And tasty drinks at the bar. On some nights they play their music too loud that it's sometimes difficult to hear others talk. Other than that it's a great place for a great tasty burger and fries.
5	Great lunch specials and service was great. Will be back.
4	I love the burgers here. Don't like the fries. The ambiance is great, but the service is lacking. The first time I went here, we didn't see a waitress for 20 minutes. However, the burgers are worth it.
5	I love this place. I have been more times than I can count. The weekend brunch is amazing!  Fez Benedict is fantastic and the G-spot cocktail is wonderful!! The dinner and lunch menu is also spectacular . My fav is the Go Green Pasta, the pesto sauce is so flavorful and the veggies are always perfectly cooked. The one the that I haven't had there yet is desert, I am always too full after my meal.
5	Back again! This time I was feeling like a light lunch. I wasn't sure FEZ really had small and tasty. Everything I have eaten here has been more than adequate in quantity and leftovers have always been a part of the meal.Well, today I just had a bowl of their 50/50 soup. Perfect size for a light lunch. With a little bread on the side. Couldn't have been better!  What is 50/50 soup? . . . I'll let you experience it for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Perfect for a cold winter day in the land of sunshine.
3	I've been coming here for years - both take out and dine-in - and most of the time i get the same thing - barcelona butterleaf salad with added cucumbers.  in 2013 they've decided to start nickel and diming for everything.  last night was the first time i was charged not only for the cucumbers but also a take out fee.  i was surprised by this.
5	Amazing food and service!  Went here with some of my guy friends and got our food fairly fast.  I ordered the burger and loved it, amazing chabatta like bread and unique but satisfying taste!
5	Great food on Central Avenue.  I had the lamb sliders - and I'll make a special trip back to do it again.  Excellent coffee - with very cool mugs.  I even got a Yelp discount when I checked in there.!
4	I've been to Fez many, many times for happy hour and dinner. They have excellent happy hour specials and always have a decent amount of yummy beers on tap. Their food is DELICIOUS, I've always loved what I've had, which in past experiences has been: lettuce wraps, the gyro kisra and a few of the burgers. Every single thing has been awesome and next I'd like to try one of their big salads because I've seen people getting them and oh boy do they look good. Fez has plenty of parking around the side and in the back of the place so even on a busy night, that's never an issue. The ONLY reason Fez didn't get 5 stars from me is because other than happy hour when it's not too busy, the service hasn't been very good. The servers are ALWAYS super nice and the food comes out quick, but having someone get to your table in a timely fashion on a busy Friday evening is only a dream, and this has happened now on 8 occasions, including my most recent trip. Servers also tend to disappear around the time you need your check also. If you go on a Friday night when it's packed, bring a friend or 5 and be ready to get some chatting in to pass the time.
4	I'm sure I can't add anything that has not been said about this place already.  But given the fact that I love Yelping, I gotta at least try!  Walking into this establishment, you get the sense that you have walked into a hipster dining experience with the very unique light fixture hanging over the lounge area of the restaurant.  The bar with its clean lines is a somewhat bright and warm modern space that is separated from the main dining room by frosted glass and metal room dividers to the right of the entry way.  You walk in and the hostess stand is  a few steps inside of the door.  That's a good deal because I'm sure there is a line out the door most nights. I stopped in here solo one day after the lunch rush.  Yea for me.  I like it when restaurants are quiet at that time of the day.  I had my pick of tables and I chose a table right by the window overlooking the wonderfully appointed and comfortable looking patio.  I asked my server to give me the most popular burger and the spiciest fries.  I had not planned to drink, but she threw out a cockatail (Pom Press) that sound great and I went for that too.The server told me the Fez burger was the most popular burger and I said, "I'll try it."  She asked me if I wanted to read the ingredients, I said, "I can read them, but I don't care what's on it, I want to try it."  WOW I'm so happy I went with the server.  That was ONE HELLUVA good burger.  You could taste how well the Molasses BBQ sauce and the cilantro go together.  The sweet of the pears and the crisp of the fried onion straws contributed well to the taste of the burger as a whole.  I don't eat much bread, but I had a few bites of the bread.  Next time, I'm getting that burger w/o the bread.  yes, there will be a next time... and another one and another.I would give them a 5 star review, but I wondered if the burger patty itself is pressed just before it is cooked.  Is it fresh or frozen.  I'm sorry to say, but I wasn't sure.  I meant to as my server, but forgot.  The food coma knocked me out for the count.
3	Hip, mid priced, great food, modest portions on some plates.  It's a cool little joint for the gay crowd.  Nothing spectacular though.
5	I debated about giving 4 or 5 stars, specifically due to pricing, but they provide fantastic food and we walked out extremely happy so I had to go with 5.  My husband and I went here this week just for the burgers and they did not disappoint.  The Fez Burger was AWESOME. I loved it. Ordered it with a salad and was very happy. My husband ordered the Duxelle Burger and enjoyed it as well, although it might be safer to order it with the mustard on the side. Definitely cleared his sinuses and I was happy that I had ordered my own burger once I tried his. The sweet potato fries were delicious, served with aioli sauce - yum. I recommend going on Tini-Tuesdays when three of the martinis are only $3.00 each.
5	Happy hour after 10p makes this a great spot for late night tapas.  $6 small plates of delicious flavor is a great deal.  My hubby and I got 3 plates: artichoke dip, garlic rosemary fries, and lettuce wraps.  Filled us up!  The fresh flavor of the fries and chunky artichoke dip were our faves.  Romaine lettuce was a great delivery system for minced chicken, candied pears, figs, and cranberries.  Delish!Fez is kind of a sexy little spot inside.  Modern decorating and crazy techno-ish music make it sleek.  Great date spot.  This was our 2nd visit - we will return!
5	I really like it! They have great drinks. The menu is unique and prices are reasonable. I got the special - ahi with andouille sausage and some veggies. Only &8.95! Yes, $8.95. Unbelievable! It was goooooooood! Actually, it was perhaps the best plate I've had at a restaurant in years! Delicious. I've been there a couple of times recently and have been happy each visit. I love the decor - modern. They have a diverse clientele. Great location and late hours! This may become my favorite restaurant. BTW Chad the server does an awesome job!
5	Great food, atmosphere and waiters!
5	I LOVE their FEZ burgers and sweet potato fries!!! I used to work next door to them and I would wolfed down every bite, from the ciabatta bread to the crunchy onions and sweet pears in this wonderful concoction! I also love the contemporary atmosphere. I highly recommend.
4	The artichoke dip is amazing! Our appetizer and entree came out at the same time though, not cool, But overall, one of my downtown favs.
5	I loved everything about this place.  I was in Phoenix for work, staying near the convention center, and had planned to have dinner at the Arrogant Butcher.  Turns out it was the first night of Pink's world tour, and it was a zoo in the area, so we went to Fez instead.  Good move!  We had the cinnamon sugar dusted sweet potato fries....amazing, do not skip these.  I don't even know what the dipping sauce was, I think an apricot aioli?  Doesn't matter, get them.  Had a really hard time deciding what to get for dinner since there were so many options and such interesting combinations of flavors.  I landed on the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, with goat cheese, pear, cherries, and a pomegranate vinaigrette.  Everything was so fresh and delicious- I didn't want to leave a bite behind.  Prices were very reasonable, sandwiches and salads were around $10 (with large portions), entrees around $15-$20.  Thank you Pink for showing us the way to Fez!
4	A co-worker took me here for lunch a while back and I was instantly hooked. I had to bring family and friends back for lunch and dinner. This is definitely a fun and unique experience. The inside is hip and modern. It feels both secluded/intimate and open/airy at the same time. I like that it's downtown, although the parking can be tricky. However, it is worth it. The sweet potato fries are a must have. They are cinnamon dusted and come with a dipping sauce. My husband thinks they are too sweet, but I like them. Another item I've gotten regularly is the Gyro Kisra - a flatbread with lamb, feta, and tomatoes. The flatbread is soft and tasty and I really like the flavorful meat. Also, the Tangier Burger is delicious. It comes with hummus spread, pesto, tomatoes, and manchego cheese. I love the hummus and it really gives the burger a kick. We've also been here during happy hour and it sure is happy! Certain nights have specific drink specials - like Tini Tuesday. Martinis are just $4 and believe me -  you only need one or two! The small plates are $6 as well - plenty to choose from. (Try the hummus!)We haven't been for brunch, but it's on our to-do list. We'll definitely be back again and again.
4	Have been here a few times for Brunch and recently for Happy Hour. Love the vibe and food! Their signature cocktails are great too - my fav is the g-spot.
4	Went for a birthday party there last night and was pleasently surprised.Fun ,casual atmosphere ,Great food ,wonderful professional service.Everything was super yummy.The calamari was crispy and fresh not overly seasoned.The lamb sliders were flavorful and juicy.The pesto caesar salad  was bight and crunchy.Friday nigh drink special was a  pomegranite spritzer concotion that was delicious.Fez gooey Brownie for desert was a winner.Cant wait to go back!!
4	I've been going to Fez for a while and I love the place.  Always had great service and the food is great.  Not too long ago, I took three of my friends there because they said they never been.  We knew they were busy and running around because the grill in their kitchen was broken so they were only serving breakfast and lunch items.  Which was fine because we were there just for brunch.   We ordered our entrees and that was the last time we saw our server.  Did not come by to refill our drinks. I asked another server to refill our drinks and he gave me an attitude and said he was moving as fast as he can.  When our food came out, my eggs benedict were cold and my friend ordered the Greek omelet and instead it loaded with mushrooms. We called our server back and told him my food was cold and my friend did not order a mushroom omelet.  Apparently she was giving someone else order and her's was on the way out.  I asked the server to take my food away and bring me another dish.  He told me that the kitchen is backed up and it will take a while. Well I complained to the manager about the server's attitude and lack of attention. The manager was very sympathetic and apologized. Our meal was complimentary.  The manager was great and  friendly.
4	$3 mimosas? Way to win my heart there! This place has some of the best brunch drink specials I've seen. I'd been meaning to go to Fez for quite some time now, can't believe I hadn't gone sooner. It's a hip restaurant right off of the light rail. The decor is very modern and open. There's a bar, lounge area and outside seating. We went here for a late Saturday brunch. It was really nice outside, so we opted to sit outdoors. I ordered the "best egg omelette you'll ever have", spicy harissa style. It's an omelette w/ provolone cheese, spinach, tomatoes and avocado. It also comes with a field greens salad tossed in lemon vinaigrette & french baguette bread. Never do I think of eating a salad with my omelette but I gave it a go. The omelette was absolutely delicious-dare I say it might've been one of the best I've ever eaten. It was spicy but not overpowering. I'm not usually a fan of avocado but it paired well with the omelette. The salad was absolutely delicious and the bread was warm and fresh tasting.  Service was overall, pretty good. There was a few times where I waited a little longer than I would expect for water refills, and the server brought us our check by the time we decided to order another drink-which may have been our fault but that's okay. I will definitely be back again, maybe for dinner another time since apparently they make a great veggie burger. Definitely recommend!
4	A $3 margarita?! Yes, please! I visited last week and had a delicious pomegranate margarita and the gyro kisra plate. Both were super yummy and our service was pretty good also.
3	It's good, but it's not great.
5	I love this spot!!!  I had a chance to come for brunch a few Saturdays ago, and boy, did they deliver!!! We were seated right away, the service was prompt and our server, was very charming!! (I forgot his name) I had the Peach Bellini and for $4, its not shabby either!! It was refreshing and a mellow, without making me intoxicated. I sampled the french toast ala FEZ...Mmmmmm...what I can say!! It was soo good, and not to mention filling for the price!! The compote that was on the french toast complimented the crunch bread they used, 2 different textures....me mouth likey...alot!!!! I am contemplating going back, real soon, to sample more off the menu. Love this spot.....I give this spot 2 snaps up...lol
5	Burgers were awesome! Love the decor and the customer service!
2	Visited FEZ last week while on vacation taking in some Spring Training and Suns games. After a Suns game, I did a 'Google search' on late night eateries in Phoenix, and found FEZ among the "Top 10".  I suppose I might be too old to appreciate 'hip' or 'new age', or maybe I was too hungry, but I did not like FEZ. I ordered the FEZ burger, and asked our waiter to put the cinnamon pears on the side because I just wasn't so sure of the combination of flavors. The burger arrived with the pears on it! I was going to say something to the waiter, and send the burger back to the kitchen,  but I decided to scrape them off. After all, it was almost 10:30 pm, and I was starving! Not even scraping them off made the burger taste any better. YUK!!! The flavors of the cinnamon pears, feta, some weird bbq sauce, and fried onion straws, and a spicy aioli sauce, just didn't blend to my culinary pallet.  I ended up taking the burger all apart and just eating the meat. I was totally disappointed with the burger. The service was below par. I won't be back.
5	It's a sad situation to be in going to Fez when you're the one who has to drive - the drinks are delicious and there are some great happy hour specials. My usual is the Tangier burger ordered medium rare. It practically melts in your mouth!  The sweet potato fries rock and the weekend brunch is fantastic (I always try to get out of being the driver then. I don't care if it's 11am - their Bloody Marys are like my kryptonite.). I recommend this place to everyone.
4	FEZ is a chic` restaurant where all the cool kids go. Whether you are there for lunch, dinner or drinks it has an easy atmosphere with mid range pricing. I consider this to be a very eclectic menu so if you are sick of the same-old food, try out FEZ
5	Everything is delish! Brownie dessert in made when you order it. Yeah, you read it right! They bake the brownie, add ice cream, deliver heaven! Ask for extra walnuts (or not). Come hungry! Best of waiters!
4	Now, this would have been a 5 star review. Let me tell you how it was almost a 1 star...Ok, I have never ate at this establishment. Although I have heard nothing but good things about it. So as I made my way to this establishment I had high expectations. Then again, I always have high expectations when it comes to customer service. So I arrive to such a beautiful use of space. White and modern was the theme. Loved it. Now, we did get seated after we stood at the entry looking unsure as what to do. The guy who seated us was very cute. I mean I guess if you're cute, you don't need brains. The dude seated us and didn't once bother to bring us a menu. Well... Um... These sofas are nice. Hmmm what's happening on my Twitter? Oh would you look at that, Beyonce has a new picture on Instagram. Finally our waiter Jared; bless his soul; came to greet us. Asked us if we needed anything. Our reply? Menus. Oh of course he was apologetic, anyone in customer service knows to always apologize for any inconvenience. Well, atleast the ones who do their job right and well. He suggested some delicious margaritas and we placed our order. A standard wait time for our food. I got the strawberry, blueberry almond salad without the almonds. The food looked absolutely delicious when we got it... But hey... Do we eat this food with our hands? Or... Am I missing something here? Um... Uhhh... Where are the eating utensils... Um... Jared!! We need forks! Boom! He apologizes and gets them for us right away. Well, we can't blame him. The first cute boy was to blame, but he was so cute, I think we could let that slide. As the dinner progressed, Jared provided nothing but 5 star quality work. We loved him! We even gave him a compliment to his manager. Of course we alerted her of the discrepancy in the beginning of the night. But that was over turned by a wonderful eat and amazing customer service from Jareds end.Will I go back? Ummm duh! Cute boys!
4	Was in search of a tasty burger. Mushroom burger was wonderful and the bun elevated this to the next level. Salad was drowning in dressing and service was just ok. Next time I will take it togo.
5	I find myself thinking about when I'll get to eat FEZ next all the time. The calamari is delicious- it comes out piping hot and crunchy and with the most delicious paprika aioli.  I've had better calamari seafood wise, but the breading and aioli makes it.  You cannot go wrong with the FEZ burger- it's the best burger on the menu. Get it medium. It's also great as a left over the next day- the bread holds up really well. One of my favorite things about the burgers at FEZ is the bread they come on. Sub out your salad for cinnamon sweet potato fries or the spicy harissa fries. The spicy harissa fries aren't that spicy (maybe that's just my love for spicy food speaking) but the garlicky sauce that comes with the fries is AMAZING. Super busy on Friday nights, especially first fridays, so plan accordingly! They also have a really good specials menu for different days of the week for drinks, ask about it!
3	Normally, a flawless experience from start to finish, but admittedly I've never been here in a Monday night which was much quieter than usual.I came on a Monday for the $4 margaritas and to try one of their $6 Baja burgers (apparently offered on Mondays only) as my friend's roommate raved about their burgers in general.As not terribly busy as the restaurant was, they still seemed under staffed.  My waiter seemed anxious to get my complete order right away as opposed to telling me about their specials, getting my drink order and giving me a few minutes with the menu while he retrieved my margarita.  Instead I had to inquire what their specials were and once I did he awkwardly stood by my side while waiting for me to decide on my menu selection before I finally asked if he could give me a few minutes to decide and get me my drink.  At that point he disappeared for a good seven minutes not even sending my drink to my table until he finally returned.You wouldn't have know it either, as the restaurant is so dimly lit, but it was unmistakable when I rested my right forearm on the table in something sticky that the table had not been properly wiped down.  So when the waiter finally returned with my drink, I asked him to wipe the table down at which point he disappeared for another few minutes.Drink in hand and table cleaned, I asked if the burger came with anything and was informed that it was just the burger, no sides of any kind. Okay, fair enough.  Having eaten here many times, I double checked the menu for one of my favorite salads, the Casa Azul Wedge salad, and ordered the half version.  But was I glad I did as the burger alone certainly would not have been enough food.And speaking of the burger, I'm no lightweight when it comes to jalapenos (I keep a Costco size container in my refrigerator at home and eat them right out of the container), but you really have to love jalapenos to deal with this burger.  Frankly, it over powers the burger that all you taste is the jalapenos.  And speaking of jalapenos, when was the last time your were served slices of jalapenos complete with the stem intact?!?!?  (See accompanying photo.)   :-(All in all, not my best experience at Fez by a long shot ... especially with one staff member interrupting the gentle relative calm of the environs with a very loud piercing cackle of a laugh.Will I come back to Fez?  Not for the remainder of this visit, no --I still have four more days here and was planning one more meal here.  But during next year's annual pilgrimage, yes of course I'll be back and hopefully tonight's experience will have just been an anomaly.
5	Had the fez salad for lunch with chicken, it was huge and wonderful. The goat cheese was amazing and they gave a ton, the whole salad was huge. I ate at the bar cuz it feels more comfortable when I eat alone, and the bartender was very nice. I am kicking myself and forgot to use my checkin! Dangit! It would have helped because the bill was a bit high, but worth it, I am stuffed and very happy :)
4	This place is great fun. During the EZ/Happy Hour they have 'one dollar sign' worthy food, and even cheaper drinks. I got the FEZ burger with a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were decent but they are served with a creamy sauce that is fantastic. They'd make a great snack if you were just meeting someone for some drank. The burger was great, a nice thick slab of beef with various toppings on it, nestled into a ciabatta roll and thankfully cut in half. The guy I was with ordered shots of rumchata mixed with fireball whiskey. So tasty. Will definitely return to this place again, hopefully during the happy hour.
4	I always passed by this place but last week I met up my aunt for lunch. This place has a great atmosphere and very friendly fast service! I had the rosemary chicken sandwich... It's was AMAZING! Perfect mixture of savory and sweet! Ill be craving this sandwich within a week I'm sure. The sandwiches come with a small simple side salad with a sweet (but not too sweet) vinaigrette. Ou can also choose to upgrade to French fries which I would usually do but I was in a healthy mood. The little side salad was the prefect addition to my sandwich which was a perfect amount! My aunt ordered the FEZ salad and added chicken. I stole a bite and it was also soooo good! I feel like this is a place where I could come back and try everything on the menu. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly... I give them an "A" for service!Ill be back soon to try something new!
3	I've been going to the Fez on and off for about 5 years. I have to say a couple of years ago, I would have given them a 5. The food is delicious, usually doesn't disappoint, the staff however, leaves much to be desired and is the reason for a 3. I highly recommend the black bean burger, and the rosemary chicken sandwich.
4	It was quite awhile ago that I went to Fez but the experience was laid back, and nice. I went with a friend and we chose to sit at the bar area. We had an attentive bartender who was easy on the eyes. We both ordered salads that were very large and filling. The service was good, nothing spectacular but this is a pretty chill place. I would recommend this for people wanting drinks and lighter fare before heading out for a night on the town in Downtown Phoenix.
2	The first time I ate here, it was the best burger that I had ever had.  I went back a week later and unfortunately the burger came out cold.  My friend ordered a well done burger and I ordered mine medium, so I assume that my burger got cold while they were still cooking his burger.  I went back again this past weekend to try their brunch.  I ordered the eggs benedict and once again, my food came out cold.  I was so annoyed that I just ate it and decided that I would not go back there.  The flavors of their food are really great and if I could get my food served hot, or I would even settle for warm, I would definitely be a regular.
4	Great place for dinner! The wide variety of Martinis just sweetens the deal!
5	I always enjoy going to FEZ. I crave FEZ burgers and love the variety of fries too. The place has a cool trendy feel to it and the wait staff is excellent
5	From the moment we arrived at The Vig, the Valet service was a great help! We were greeted with the friendly atmosphere as we entered the patio area. It was lovely. The waiter William was the BEST!  He made great suggestions, and we had a terrific dinner. I would suggest the humus dish, salmon and the greek salad. My husband enjoyed his fish tacos. Our guests loved the meat and vegetables soup and greek salad. The portions were very large, and the price was excellent. We look forward to returning again very soon. Our waiter William was amazingly attentive, and the manager came to our table to greet us as well. This is as good as it gets!!
4	I love their french fries!! especially the garlic rosemary, very crispy and tasty.I'm not usually a fan of burgers and sandwich but this place change that. I love the bread they use for the sandwich (cibatta? however you spell it) and lots of vege!!! The sandwich comes with a salad which was good. The place is however very cozy that you'll hear everything the next table talk about
5	I've never had anything at Fez that wasn't delicious and loaded with great service, too!  This is one of my very fav places in the entire Valley!  Everything is good!
5	The food was excellent ordred Cheeseburger and fries. The service was great our server Johnny was the best. I recommend this place.
4	Great Sunday brunch. Excellent breakfast, excellent dinner. Trendy, yet quality food. I like this place.
5	I went here on a busy Saturday and had a blast. The crowded restaurant kept flowing and the food was super tasty! It didn't take too long even with having such a busy environment, I was able to distract myself with my drink, my friends and watching the scenery!I got the FEZ burger and shared it with a friend. YUM!! Omg I couldn't stop eating everything between the amazing burger and the sweet potato fries, my tastebuds were in heaven. Oh wait, I'm not dreaming, I'm just at FEZ.
3	The appetizers are delicious but a bit pricy. The drinks are good, though! Nice beer selection and a very friendly staff. It's also LBGT friendly, which is a great reason to patronize this welcoming establishment in the Phoenix community :)
5	Unreal chicken rosemary sandwich
4	I love FEZ. The food and service are always great.
3	Food was good, but the crowds at lunch and the fact you sit SOOO close to your neighbors (you hear every bit of their conversation, no way not to), it is really annoying.
5	Absolutely delicious food that meets my needs of being gluten-free, red-meat free and healthy in general. So many salad options with a very creative menu and everything that I've had there has been beyond delicious!
2	I had a lunch date with a friend and she suggested we eat here. It seemed very busy and I was willing to wait to be sat. However, It took about 5 min for anyone to acknowledge me. Servers made eye contact, yet no one made the initiative to approach me or even say "we will be right with you". Oh well, made my way to the bar to get some kind of help. Eventually was sat somewhere in the restaurant. Took another 5 min for a server to come over and greet me. Maybe some FOH issues with management or lack of staffing? Either way, the food was decent and service was mediocre. I wouldn't go back for the fact that the customer service needs improvement. However, I am the type of person to try a place twice; in no hurry to make that second visit.
5	Fez is fantastic. It's truly my favorite restaurant in Phoenix due to the unique and Delicious food, cool atmosphere, eclectic crowds, and excellent staff. The Moroccan touches really bring a lot to every dish and everything is SO GOOD that it's hard to find one thing to recommend because I truly believe you need to get something different every time you go! Their prices are reasonable and they offer great drink specials every night, and especially for weekend brunch on Saturdays and Sundays.
3	Came for mother's day brunch and ordered "the best egg white omelette you will ever have". They must be referring to the amount of oil included on the plate. They include French Bread with every dish, unless you specifically ask for the kisra. Don't get me wrong, the bread is delicious but also quite greasy.One of the dishes came with cinnamon fruit. It was a great dessert although I couldn't differentiate apples from pears from bananas, which look and should taste quite different.At least they admitted their jelly is smuckers.If the drink says muddled they are just kidding, lolz heartFood isnt garbage though and waiters are a good time, at they pretend to be fun... 3 starsI've heard rumors the FEZ benedict is delicious and french toast a.k.a. more greasy french bread is dry and greasy (you would think it were a contradiction, but really dry and hard).#jew, you ate your whole disgusting meal
5	I had the best hummus of my life there! And their salads and appetizers were equally delicious. Loved the atmosphere!
4	usually always get take out.  have no complaints. have had a wide variety of items on the menu and never disappointed. prices are reasonable. and the burgers are really good.  great flavor great bun. its always nice when a place has a really good burger along with a menu with a diverse menu.  also we have been going there since the first year they opened and it has always been good. we have never had anything bad.
5	Yummy!Ordered a half size of the Barcelona butterleaf salad. Half size was plenty for me. Everything was very fresh. A great salad on a hot day.Also tried that casablanca chicken sandwich. All the ingredients in the sandwich (chicken, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dired cherries & field greens on ciabatta) went perfectly together. The sweet potato fries and whatever their sauce that goes with it (or was the sauce for the sandwich?... whatever) was also scrumptious.
5	Went here for lunch with my husband on a Monday. We ordered the fez salad (amazing) and the phyllo pockets (even more amazing) and the bruschetta app... We were very very pleased! The place is nice and the staff were great! Def coming back (hopefully soon)
4	Love going to Sunday morning brunch at Fez.  It's just the perfect place!    My recommendations: The frittata, the breakfast kisra, breakfast panini or french toast  and don't forget the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries.  (and the greyhound or $3 mimosas!)   yummy!    I think I just named almost everything on their breakfast menu??  And bonus for the healthy diners out there - you can get an egg white omelet with lots of delish veggies here.    Fez does it right!    it's just all so good!
4	Service was great, they were very accommodating when I showed up with a larger party than I had a reservation for.  They were also willing to do separate checks which is always nice.I ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich which was delicious, but after seeing other people enjoying their FEZ burger with sweet potato fries, I had food envy.  I must come back so that I can try it!
5	OH FEZ how I miss you! I have been to Fez numerous times and this review is long overdue. Their scrumptious and delectible dishes are down right amazing. The Fez benedict is my all time favorite, followed by the breakfast kirsa, panini, and french toast. But trust me everything on their menu is fantastic! During brunch they have $3 drinks which are all delicious. The Gspot is soooo good, a concauction of grapefruit vodka, ruby red grapfruit, and soda. I also love the belini as well which is quite refreshing.In all this place is worth a visit whether you are near or far with their mouth watering dishes and gulpable drinks! You won't be disappointed and that's a promise!
5	I love this place and have been meaning to write a review for awhile. I've always had their burgers and chicken sandwiches. I eat them and think, wow, why can't other burger places get with the program?!! Lol.. It's a far drive for me so I only stop when we're in the area. Brunch is great too. And their drinks, yum, they know their drinks!
5	Best Eggs Benedict I've ever had. I admit I've never been here for anything but weekend brunch and always have wanted to. But if you're a benedict fan, you'll find the best here. $4 brunch cocktails are nice as well!
5	This place has been on my bookmark list for a while now and I am so glad we finally stopped in to eat here last week. The food at FEZ is just as fantastic as people say it is. Better, even. Both my hubby and I really enjoyed what we ordered and it is pretty rare that we find a place that we both love the food! I think we would eat here all the time if it we lived in this area.To start we got the garlic hummus. This had a great flavor to it and was just the right consistency and texture. The bread they served with it was also pretty close to perfect. He ordered the all American burger which was nice and juicy and cooked perfectly. He loves Caesar salads and he also loves pesto sauce so the Pesto Caesar salad he got for his side was right up his alley and he loved it! I decided to order their FEZ salad in the full entree size and added gyro meat to it. What a fantastic meal. It was very filling and healthy (I think?) but it also had such amazing flavors in there! The poached pears were gently place on the rim of the bowl so they didn't fall apart in the salad. Each bite of those was heavenly. I don't know how but they infused them with a delicate cinnamon flavor that added an exotic feel but still let the natural fresh sweetness of the fruit shine thru. The greens were very fresh and crisp and dressed oh so lightly with a pomegranate dressing. The nuts and goat cheese provided some contrasting textures and flavors. And the dried cherries made it really pop with little explosions of tartness. The gyro meat was very tasty as well with lots of traditional Greek seasoning but not too much to overpower the wonderful flavors already in the dish. I would eat this salad every day of the week.Our server was a real nice lady and she made us feel welcome. I also liked that they had some local AZ beers available: Sleepy Dog, Four Peaks and Mudshark.  It seems like the bar is a focal point of this place since they also offered a lot of specialty cocktails. Since we were there for an early Sunday dinner we found the atmosphere a little too clubby but I am sure on a Friday or Saturday night it would be a lot of fun. I also noticed they had a nice patio that seemed a little more comfy and relaxed than the main restaurant so I hope to try that out someday (not in the summer).
4	I like Fez. Off the light rail, it's got a good location, plenty of parking, and a great vibe, but for some reason it always seems empty. Why I've never had to wait for a table, I don't know, but I guess I won't complain.The food is good at Fez (Jenny likes the chicken sandwich thing; I like the hummus appetizer) and the service, as others have mentioned, is always great. While I don't go there weekly or anything, it's always in my pocket as a go-to when a friend is visiting and we end up needing to grab a meal.
4	Fun place.  Great drinks.  Burgers are tasty.
4	I really like their salads.
5	FEZ burger is very very good.  If you're looking for a great burger that has a different flavor go with the FEZ burger.
4	Love Fez. Their food presentation is beautiful, the atmosphere is very eclectic & unique. The food is always fresh and although it can get busy at times, the waiters do seem to do their best to stay on top of it. Only downfall is parking can be tough!
4	After the manager read my review he contact me and apologized. I have yet to return to the place, but the manager assured me my experience will be different. Since then the server that served me was terminated. Looking forward to going again.
4	We loved Fez so much that on our recent trip to Arizona we went twice. The atmosphere is clean and modern and the service is very pleasant and welcoming. Both times, hubby and I shared delicious, Mediterranean-themed appetizers (lamb sliders on night one, and sampling of flat breads on night 2), and I got the Barcelona butterleaf salad both times for my main course.  We also enjoyed the fresh, reasonably priced cocktails and tasty desserts.  Wish we didn't live so far away from this great place!
3	Perfect for after work happy hour Food- wasn't great but I heard they are known for their burgers- so I need to back and try them Vibe- upbeat, trendy and has a "feel good" atmosphere Parking- where? Service- ehhh.. I can't remember, so it must not have been either of the two extremes.
4	I have been here before but did not review.  This time I just ordered food to go and took it to a friend's house for dinner.  It was delicious, which is how I remember it from last time.  It was pretty noisy inside and too bloody hellacious hot outside, even with their valiant attempt with the mister - once it is over 100 degrees at 6 pm no amount of misting is sufficient.  But picking up the food to go was perfect, and they had it ready and packed everything separately, putting the salad dressing on the side, putting the salmon in it's own separate carton aside from the salad.  I ordered the butter lettuce salad (light and delicious) with salmon (I do think Switch does the salmon better, but still quite good), and an appetizer of hummus.  I couldn't decide between the garlic and the spicy hummus so got half and half.  I was amused to see they packed a small bottle of mouthwash with my order.  Hilarious and very useful, as it turns out.  Yes, it is very garlicky, and the spicy was spicy as advertised, and both obviously made there with fresh ingredients.  The kisra bread was a great substitute for generic pita bread.  I think the hummus was my favorite part of this meal.  Next time I will try the veggie burger.  Yummmm....
4	Fez is the go-to place if you want good food, a casual atmosphere, and hip people (who happen to be eye candy, too).I am from Seattle.  Fez reminds me a lot of a Seattle establishment.  The most obvious aspect for me was the high proportion of GLBTI people here.  It was refreshing to see this.  But you see straight people, too, and everyone intermingles with no thought of the next person.The food is pretty good.  What I enjoy the most is that portion sizes are reasonable.  I don't get the sense that because I am paying $20 for my meal, I am going to get something so large that it doesn't fit on the table.  Your $20 meal, which isn't expensive at all, gets you quality food that is reasonably sized.  The cost of your wine gets you delicious wine.  Your $20 appetizer gets you quality food that is well plated and served freshly.The ambiance is a little tight inside, especially since it can get busy quickly there.  There is covered seating outside, but in the midst of summer, it can be unbearable to be out there eating hot food in 110-plus-degree heat.  Still, it's a casual vibe, and it just feels easy to be there.  Any encumbrances that you have in your life seem to go away for the time that you're there.And that's what makes me like Fez so much.  It's much more than just a restaurant or wine bar.  It's a place to go to escape your problems and to be around a diversity of people who, like you, have problems and are escaping them, too.
4	I come here quite a bit, as it's one of the only places open late that serves both food and drink during the week.  They have great cocktails and I am a fan of their pomegranate drinks, like the pom martini or the pom press.  I also think they have a great selection of salads and appetizers but the All American Hamburger is awesome and they will serve it protein style.  Super friendly staff is also a plus!  Great outdoor patio but sometimes the music can be a bit loud, making it hard to have a conversation.  Great place especially for late night folks!
3	I love their have price martini nights.  Their food is pretty good, and their hummus is to die for.  However, having to pay two dollars for fries (even with a burger) is very, very annoying.
5	If you hate living in Phoenix, go to Fez & you will feel like you are somewhere else! Great food & drinks, funky atmosphere. I've never had a bad experience at Fez.
5	The breakfast pasta was amazing! Staff was very friendly with a great fun atmoshpere.
3	Love this place! The sweet potato fries are bomb! The waiters are so nice and make the atmosphere even more fun! If you like blue cheese, definitely get the blue cheese burger
5	VERY good! I had the rosemary chicken sandwich with side salad, and it was delicious.The other two people I dined with had two of the salads, and raved about those as well. Service was very good-drink order taken within 2 minutes of sitting, and was refilled promptly, as needed. Food came quickly, and was beautifully presented.
5	I went to FEZ for the first time today. WOW the waiters were all so friendly and patient!  Service was very fast. I got the go green pasta with gyro mean on it. it was SO good. i was surprised at how good it was for the price!I usually never stay anywhere for desert but decided to get their cheesecake. I loved it! way better than cheesecake factory.  I'll def be back!
3	I am a huge fan of Switch, so I had high hopes for FEZ since they have the same ownership, but sadly it did not live up to my expectations.We were there on a Monday night, just in time for happy hour so we did get some cheap margaritas.  I tried the watermelon, which was nice and refreshing and I did love the whimsical touch of it being garnished with a gummy worm!We all ordered burgers, I wasn't feeling too adventurous that night so I just went with the regular cheeseburger.  I asked for it to be cooked medium rare and for no Dijon mustard and then I upgraded to the spicy fries.  The plate came out looking great, but once I cut my burger in half, it was clear that it was well done, I was too hungry to send it back so I just ate it, although it was even harder to eat because of the massive amounts of Dijon mustard that were on the bun, another fail for the burger. I tried to scrape as much of it off as I could, but I couldn't get it all.  I don't hate Dijon mustard, I just find it to be very overpowering and was not in the mood for it and that was about all I could taste.  The spicy fries were quite tasty, and I liked their dipping sauce, but I was pretty disappointed in my burger.If I try FEZ again I think I will avoid the burgers...but then again...I will probably just go to Switch instead.
4	It doesn't get better than the FEZ burger.  It really doesn't.Great atmosphere.  Great food.  Great service.
5	The Strawberry/Blueberry/Cashew salad is utter perfection. It is one of the most beautifully presented salads I've ever had and is delicious (check out the picture I posted of it on my profile). The brunch items are lovely and the drinks are delightful, as well. My boyfriend enjoys the sandwiches and other entrees. There are also plenty of vegetarian options if that's your thing like it is mine. Simply put, Fez knows what it's all about.We left saying, "I don't know why we never think to come here." We really should visit more often. The food, down to the selection, presentation, and quality, is always wonderful and the service is impeccable.
4	I've always had a great meal and experience here.
5	I have been to Fez many times and everything I have had is amazing. I love the flavors and the uniqueness of the sandwhichs and burgers are great!!
5	Loved the place, the ambiance and the food... We ordered go green pasta and the vegetarian Kisra. Both were very flavorful. I'd love to go to this place again... Do not forget to try the Creme Brulee here; one of the better creme brulee you could have in the valley.
5	Best sweet potato fries in the land!
4	After a 5 hour drive from LA, my family was looking forward to an appetizing lunch  and FEZ did not disappoint.  The FEZ burger and kisra plus the rosemary garlic fries and cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries all hit the spot!!!
4	I love FEZ. They have great bartenders and make some serious Martini's. The waiting staff is always glorious and the food is great. Namely, the best Lettuce Wraps in the valley and amazing Sweet Potatoe fries!
5	You cannot go wrong with Fez ! Their kisras are like thin crust pizzas. Their hummus is delectable. and their lamb sliders are to die for, not to mention their burgers which are juicy and succulent. Its a fantastic place for really good food. And it's open late till midnight, which sure is a luxury seeing as to how anything else that you can find at that hour is only fast food !
5	You have to try their cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries AMAZING. The Kisra's are awesome as well.
2	My food was very good.  I can't say the same about my service.  No silverware, no water, a couple of mishaps on orders.  Our group felt ignored most of the night.I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I'm sure I'll give it another try.  After I've run out of new places to try first...
4	Amazing Veggie Burger and Apricot Salmon dish.  Fairly reasonable price, great service, good atmosphere and amazing food...  A hidden gem for certain.
3	These entrees have too many adjectives for me, and they seem to focus more on food as an "experience" and not food as a means to eat and be full. For what it's worth, I have several friends that love telling people they are "foodies" that really liked the look and feel of this place.Please note: just because -I- didn't like it does NOT mean this is a bad place to be. I have heard wonderful things about the owner, his legendary Yelp gettogethers, and the restaurant's dedication to offering fresh, interesting food.Next time we go, I'll probably just go wait next door at the Siu Wok eating my $6 combo in shame while my friends Fez it up.
4	What a great place. I stopped in with some friends for happy hour (4:00-6:30, I believe). Each night has different specials; we were able to enjoy half priced house wine and well cocktails.Our server was really friendly and the restaurant is tasteful and pretty. We started with the spicy hummus, which was delicious - the bread was soft and flavorful, and the humus had a great taste and texture. The arroz con pollo was really, really good. The rosemary chicken sandwich was good, although I think the pesto was a little heavy. The accompanying salad was fantastic - I loved the bright, fresh dressing on the salad. The veggie burger was great - really flavorful patty with great toppings.I am looking forward to coming back and trying brunch, as well as other dinner items.
3	I've been in for cocktails multiple times as it is one of my friend's favorites. I've never been very impressed by the taste of the cocktails in comparison to the cheaper alternatives around. I recently went for lunch the other day and ordered a chicken sandwich and a basket and fries. The food was quite good, but the prices were outrageous for the the taste. Additionally, when we went for food, despite being one of the few tables, our service was terrible. Although the waiter was upbeat and nice, he rarely checked in, our drinks went un-attended and any requests we had were rarely able to be asked. Please keep in mind we were in full view of the waiter at all times as the restaurant is extremely small and he had very few tables. Not impressed.
3	I really enjoyed my burger the first time I went in, but the second time, it was a bit cold like it had been sitting out a while before being served. The restaurant itself is bright and cheery, I love the colors and the good lighting. Service was okay, much better the first time I went in. I probably wouldn't go again, unless someone I am hanging out with wants to go. There are better burger shops around.
4	Another Tini Tuesday at Fez although the price has gone up $1 since last year.  But definitely still worth the price.  Our waiter, Austin, was helpful and fun and his dimples didn't hurt either.  I had their go green pasta and added gyro strips to make it a delicatable greek feast.  I practically licked the bowl. This time Yelpers, we received a free appetizer of lettuce wraps by checking in with my Yelp app.  Loved it.  Don't know why we waited so long to go back...will definitely be back sooner this time.
5	FEZ has a very modern and sophisticated feel, perfect for the millennial generation. I tried the FEZ burger and it was outstanding! The flavor profile for inner BBQ sauce lovers is worth the trip alone. Not to mention the fantastic drinks (get the Feztini). I will be returning to FEZ during my next pit stop to PHX!
4	What a great spot! Fez is the best place for friendly gatherings and good food! I recently went there with 4 others for an early lunch. We arrived at 11:30 and had no trouble finding a table, but trust me, don't try it around noon. The place is full of folks by then! As always, I got the chicken wraps...they are simply the best! They include (along with lots of chicken, of course) dried pears, dates and cherries along with almonds and a pomegranate dressing. It is so delish and refreshing! And, since this was a 'not doing anything but going back to the pool' kinda day, I had a gSpot: fresh grapefruit juice with grapefruit vodka and club soda over ice. YUM. My friends had burgers...and the biggest hit was the Fez Burger: with cinnamon pears, feta and crispy onions along with a molasses BBQ sauce to die for. The biggest issue when this place is busy is the parking. The FedEx store right next door has all of the best parking marked off for their customers. A couple times I have had to search for street parking. So go early (or late) to be sure!
2	Sigh....I was excited to come here after I saw the reviews including my yelp friends glowing reviews.  Unfortunately my experience was not the same.We arrived and were promptly seated.  Strike 1#: The seating was filled with crumbs and wasn't cleaned off after the previous group of patrons.  No big deal, we brushed the crumbs off.Strike #2: I really wanted a latte so I asked our waiter.  We don't have that, just plain coffee.  I was disappointed so I decided not to get anything else.  But he kept asking do you want the coffee after I already explained I didn't want plain coffee.  Why not suggest something else?Strike #3: I asked to redeem the check in deal: He answered of course no problem!  After several minutes he returned and informed us that it could only be redeemed on the weekdays.  "Would you still like it?"  Uh...no my friends and I answered.Strike 4#: We order our meals and my friend received her order of sweet potato fries.  After several more minutes of waiting the waiter returned to say, "I'm sorry we can't make the fritatta because the oven isn't working.  I just shook my head.  I proceded to order something else.  My friend sensing my growing frustration said "I have no problem not tipping." I responded to her that "not tipping" reflects more on the customer more than it does on the waitstaff.  She then suggested I speak to the manager.  I decided to take her advice and seek out a manager bc the whole experience just didn't sit well with me.  It turns out the first person I approached up front was the manager.  As soon as I asked if I could speak to the manager, his whole demeanor changed.  I said, " I'm a little concerned about the service I've received here today." After I explained my disappointment in the series of missteps, he simply responded, " I'm sorry the seating was dirty.... we're a busy restaurant and we run out of things."  I suspect the waiter had already "briefed him" as he became very defensive answering "I mean we have coffee".  No smile, no words of reassurance - nothing.  Wow.  I said, "ok" and walked back to the table.When I returned to the table, I made my decision to leave.  I went back up to the manager to cancel my order and he said ok quicker than I could even get the words out of my mouth.  Then he proceded to come over to the table to ask if my friends wanted to cancel their orders also.  WOW.  I answered, "would you like them to?  I specifically stated that I would like to cancel MY order."  At this point I was elated that I had made the decision to leave.  It was obvious that he didn't want our business.  How obnoxious!  I regretted being kind enough to want to quickly cancel the order so as not to waste food!  (My friends were hungry and I would never expect them to leave just because I didn't like the service.  They acknowledged the service was bad, but were just so hungry they decided to stay.  I on the other hand am perfectly aware that I have MANY choices when it comes to dining so I opted to leave.)  My issue with the service overall was not that I couldn't get what I wanted.  It was the CURT RESPONSES given.  I have a history in the service industry in promotions and event planning along with several years in patient care in the healthcare arena (and am now currently a medical student).  I don't think it is unreasonable to get competent friendly waitstaff in a restaurant.  My waiter was very unhelpful and I suspect he was new as he was unfamiliar with details on the menu (and procedure).  It was just a very frustrating experience.  And the manager just made the whole experience worse. There are plenty of places to dine in the Phoenix area, my favorites being in Scottsdale.  The service has always been very good and substitutions are suggested to ensure a great experience.  That's all I expect.
5	This place is badass!
3	I've been here a few times and have had different experiences each time so I am giving it a three star rating. I think the food can be fantastic depending on what you order, and service has been hit or miss in my experiences. The last time I went with my son just the two of us and the server was great, but the sauce on the caper/chicken dish tasted like it came out of a powder packet, same with the rice pilaf. My son liked his burger by in my opinion focaccia bread is too thick to put a big hunk of meat inside. We asked for medium well and it was pretty much charred. However, the previous visit I was with my bestie and we had THE BEST experience. The artichoke dip and kisra bread was great and my egg white omelette with harissa was lovely. She really enjoyed her breakfast sandwich. I will definitely continue visiting FEZ since I live so close and will check out their happy hour as well.
1	I have never had such bad service.In college I was a server and know that this place sucks. My hamburger order came out wrong, it was taken back and came out stone cold and still wrong. My partners food was by now stone cold as she had waited for my meal. We decided to end a bad experience on a sweet note. After waiting 30 minutes for our mousse, my extremely patient partner asked to see the manager. After explaining our woes at his restaurant he asked "what should I do?" I bit my tongue not to say "sorry, I don't work here, that is something you should know how to handle."  Management is as capable as the staff.He should have given us two free meals so we would think about coming back. Given that didn't happen, I will NEVER step a foot into this place again. There are lots of good restaurants that could use our patronage.
5	What a nice surprise!  I was initially afraid to try FEZ because I heard they were connected to Metropolis (Metropolis is a joke of a restaurant so-so food and untrained staff)Fez was a delight!  Great atmosphere, super service and excellent food! I had the veggie burger and sweet potato fries.  The fries were to die for, some of the best in the valley. The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgeable.   I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu!
3	very busy and loud, tables are a little cramped.  Food was pretty good, not outstanding, service was very attentive and good.
2	Meh. Average gay place with average food and average gay Phoenicians. Meh...
2	My first time here several weeks ago was great. My second time lost a lot of points. Monsoon rains were coming and water leaked from the ceiling onto our chairs and table. Apparently the waiters didn't think a leaking roof was a big deal in a restaurant and didn't do anything to accommodate. We ended up just sliding the table away ourselves and heard no apology from anyone.  We asked our server for a minute to take our order soon after we arrived. He took forever afterward and only came when we flagged him down after making awkward forced eye contact. During my meal, he took my plate without asking if I was finished - I was still working on those fries and had to physically grab his arm to set the plate back down. Then there was this witch with a B giving us attitude because a friend asked why she didn't tell him she had moved his phone that was charging near the waiters' computer workstation. They exchanged some heavy words and we asked to speak to the manager.  The other workers were watching and smirking during this time. She claimed she didn't work there so she couldn't get fired (She was wearing all black like every other employee and had been chatting it up with two other waiters at the station for a while, but whatever she says...). So minus  stars because these waiters were awful and don't care about repeat customers. Minus stars for upcharging to sub for a measly portion of fries. Minus stars for not stepping in to stop a confrontation in the middle of the restaurant that was completely unnecessary. Minus stars for leaky roof and, hoping no one's contaminated.  They'll get to keep a few stars because the food itself isn't that bad. There's too many comparable restaurants in Phoenix for me to be back.  Bye bye FEZ, too bad.
5	Happy is great... good food, drink specials and the staff are nice!
4	Yummy Mediterranean fusion spot! Super nice servers and food is consistent, which is saying a lot.
4	Love the food, atmosphere and good looking men here. Our server was one of the few straight men in there, especially since all my gay friends were trying to make him a switch hitter. Prices are decent and drinks are delicious.
4	FEZ is one of the first restaurants I've been to in dt PHX. After being there twice, I will admit that I love it! The ambiance is cute/trendy, perfect for couples or a night out with the girls. The burgers are delicious and served on focaccia rather than a bun. We had the lettuce wraps for an app and they were also pretty good, though we expected the meat to come out warm (it ended up being a cold dish). They have drink specials every night and the service is unbeatable.Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
2	Decent food but nothing special, best spot in the area
2	**tl;dr--they make a great burger, but that's probably about it. **At this point, it really goes without saying that the FEZ Burger is one of the best you can find in this town. If FEZ were just a burger place, I'd end my review with five stars and tell them to just take my money when lunch time rolls around. At $11, and $14 with fries (since when are fries a premium, and not the default side dish?) it's pricey, but you are getting good quality.But FEZ is more than just a burger joint, and the further it strays from what it does right, the more disappointment I was afflicted with. "New American" as it's often called, is a genre of food that borrows a foreign cuisine and makes it friendly to your unadventurous palates. Here, the motif is northern Africa, where you can sample the flavors of "kisra" and harissa. The "super spicy" hummus looked course enough to warrant high expectations. It just *looks* so fresh and house-made that I couldn't wait to dig in. I know spice gets toned down for American food, but I really expected it to mean more than mild flavoring and tons of salt. The herbs in the flatbread were not compatible with the hummus in any way, but generous slices of cucumber somehow saved it from being a total disaster.My honeydew margarita tasted like...well, a regular margarita. I'm not so sure they remembered to add anything to it. It was just alright. I understand they specialize in martinis, but that doesn't mean you get to slack on the rest!Sweet potato fries were overrated! Half way through, I noticed the faint crunch from the tons of added sugar that was just dumped on. It was definitely overkill, and the sweet dipping sauce didn't help. I will not order these again.Atmosphere was vaguely modern, but still bland. If you want to boast music as part of it, stop blasting radio-safe hits from 15 years ago and get with a cool, up-to-date playlist. Service felt rushed, but I'd rather have it be swift than slow. Management does well, but a kitchen that tries to do too much leaves much to be desired.
4	I was visiting Phoenix and my friends brought me here for lunch. I really liked the modern feel of this place. It was pretty packed so we sat at the bar. I had the Fez burger and it was easily one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had. Top it off with one of their refreshing ice teas and you have the perfect combination for a hot Arizona day!
3	I had lunch here during a business trip.  Was told it was good.  Very nice place and a pretty decent menu.  Not much in the way of veggie meals, so I went with what I thought was simply a veggie burger.  To my unfortunate surprise, it turned out to be a black bean burger, something I simply do not like.  It has this smell  and taste to it that does not suit my palate.  The best part of this meal turned out to be the appetizer: the artichoke dip. Absolutely delicious.  And I like the Republic Tea in a bottle.Service was pretty good during a busy lunch day.  With so many options these days, one shot is all you get with me and if the food is not overly satisfying, I will not return.  In this case, it was about half and half and I would be willing to try again.  This place was recommended by someone whose opinion I respect, so I would try again.
4	Amazing happy hour, great atmosphere, delicious food and wonderful drinks.  I believe the only thing I could complain about is the fact that the layout was a little uncomfortable to maneuver around - after a couple of drinks and walking in high heels, it was challenging to not bump into people's tables and chairs while trying to get to the other side of the restaurant.
5	This is my favorite veggie burger of all time. Black bean and cumin is the perfect combo for the patty. I order it without a lot of the toppings (it has some non-vegan stuff like aoli and some kind of cheese) but get extra basil-lime salad dressing on the side and dip in that. The sweet potato fries are my favorite and they have good tea. I love that they are open until midnight! The atmosphere is fun, staff is extremely friendly and the owners are wonderful, too.
4	The Fez burger is to die for, and the wine selection is not bad at all.  My only slight gripe is that it gets a little loud during happy hour, but I guess we could all just yell a little louder.
2	Pretty pricey for what you get, too dark with too loud music that you can't actually talk to your friends, really weird and off-putting menu items... I got the FEZ burger (grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro) which sounded really weird but intriguing. The spicy sweetness of the BBQ totally overpowered everything else -  I couldn't even taste the pears and lemon garlic which were two of the main eye-catchers in the description. It tasted just like any other BBQ and onion burger. I also split the rosemary garlic fries with my friend and they were basic fries sprinkled in garlic salt - way too salty to even taste the garlic.I was not impressed. Also, I really hate at restaurants when you ask for a box for your left overs and the waitress takes your plate out of your sight instead of letting you put your own food in the box. All she put in was half my burger when I had bits of the other half and salad also on my plate. Super peeve of mine!
5	I loved this place!!! The food portions are really big... I went for lunch and was surprised at how much food came out on our entrees. We ordered the sweet potato fries, hummus, and fez salad. So much food!!! It was all so delicious... The sweet potato fries were heaven- there is cinnamon sugar sprinkled on them. The hummus appetizer was huge and so was the salad... So I recommend sharing something if you don't eat a lot. Overall, a great experience!!
4	Been there a few times. First time was during a pub crawl. We ended up eating a lot from here and killing the buzz :) The food and service are great!
1	Fez Burger was just ok, garlic fries were terrible and a $3 up charge. Everything seemed store bought from the bread to the patties to the fries.
4	Went to FEZ for happy hour to kick off my last night being 39, and it was my 1st time to the FEZ, I have driven past it so many time the past few years, so I thought it was about time to stop!I made reservations because I had a group coming with me, and everything went smoothly! My plans for the day sort of changed, so I wound up being at FEZ 30 mins earlier than I had originally planned, but they already had my area set up and ready, so I just waited there for everyone to show! Staff was so nice and friendly!I ordered a pomegranate margarita with a sugared rim, and it was perfect!! And very eye catching too! I also tried some of their sweet potato fries, and boy are those yummy!! And tried the pomegranate press too, and what a pleasantly surprising drink that was! Happy hour with friends went great! Look forward to coming back and trying out some other drinks, I know for sure I want to try that Dark Chocolate Martini!!
4	We LOVE this food! It is delicious and inventive. Thumbs up!
5	great place, great burger and chicken sandwiches, it is amazing.  mondays is is half.
4	Always get the tilapia here with capers and it's always awesome.They have a nice variety of mixed drinks and a nice bar to enjoy them at.  I'd suggest this spot of a casual but fun get together or date.  On the right day the patio is really nice as long as traffic on Central isn't crazy. Nicest part about this spot is that they're open late everyday!  Staff have been pretty friendly and helpful, nothing too special about the service I've had, but nothing bad.
5	Good food, great music, friendly staff and wicked drinks.  What more could you ask from a restaurant?  Oh and don't forget the cute crowd that comes in..
5	Great burgers and a very cool design. I will definitely be going back.
4	Had the kisra with hummus - so yum - such big portion that I easily shared it w/a friend! Would like to have a full dinner here, besides HH. Watch out - bartender seems to have a strong pour. ;)
4	The burgers are delicious!
5	yes, the best bartenders n we love them.
4	Interesting food and drink choices and a fun atmosphere, I enjoyed it a great deal
5	I have always loved FEZ.  The food is amazing, the staff funny, friendly, witty and totally deserving of a great tip every single time I go.  The place itself is deceptive from the street, it looks small.  Inside it's not exactly huge but the bar is a nice size and the dining area as well.  The modern decor is very cool but comfortable and the atmosphere gives a very cool/slightly hipster vibe.I am always greeted quickly upon arrival by their warm and friendly staff.  Honestly, I think they hire their servers based on if they can light up a room with their smile.  Mission accomplished, these folks are always smiling and are genuine.I've never EVER had anything bad or even mediocre at this place be it appetizers, burgers, entrees or desserts and anyone I have visited with has the same feedback.  I'm not a fan of liquor but the folks I usually go with always rave about their inventive (and tasty) selection of mixed drinks.  I'm a beer drinker myself and while their selection is not extensive, I always find something I like and just roll with it.If you haven't tried FEZ you absolutely MUST!
4	Our family met up with a local friend for dinner here during our brief Phoenix visit.   It can be difficult finding a place to accommodate everybody's food preferences, but the Fez menu had a lot of good options for us.  The rosemary pesto chicken sandwich and all of the burgers we tried (especially the Duxelles) were really fantastic, as were the fries (although these came in a smaller portion than my boys might have liked).  Our waiter was very efficient without rushing us out, and our drinks were kept full (this is sort of a peeve of mine with restaurants).  I'd definitely return and try a few more dishes if we were in the area again.  The only factor keeping Fez from a full five stars was that it was a bit loud and dark for dinner; it was just slightly too dark to give the menu a good look (or it could be that I have old-lady eyes) and we had to raise our voices a bit to converse.  Seems like a fantastic spot for happy hour, however -- the appetizers looked terrific (from what we saw passing by).
5	Love FEZ! Went here for my birthday celebration. Great atmosphere, awesome drinks and yummy food!
3	food seems OK but disappointed in the martini menu they brag about. They *taste* good, but a proper martini - sissified or not - should put you at least halfway on your butt after one. These don't. They have the effect of drinking a Bud. Next time I'll bring in a couple airline bottles to spike them for the proper effect. I think for $9.50 you can go a little heavier on the alcohol, FEZ.
3	This was not my first trip to FEZ.  I have been there before for dinner and happy hour.  Their food is excellent and so is the service.  This particular trip to FEZ was slightly disappointing, but I can say that I will still return.  Let me set the scene....My mother met me at work to take her to lunch for her birthday.  It was her and I along with my grandmother and Aunt.  The older ladies were a bit put off by the menu, but got the cheeseburger and LOVED it.  My mom and I shared the shrimp kisra.  I was disappointed that they did not have the $8.95 lunch special advertised on their website, but the kisra was very good.... until... we found a hair.  It was blatantly not one of our own and so we beckoned Candace, our server, to replace the plate and she did promptly.  The second kirsa was not as crispy as the first, but is was sans hair so that was fine.  All in all we enjoyed lunch, but the experience wasn't that great.  The manager, who was supposed to bring us dessert, comped the kisra instead and never stopped by our table, which I thought to be a bit classless.  However, Candace was wonderful and understanding.  She worked quite well in an awkward situation and because of her, I will be dining at FEZ again in the future.  Just hopefully there will be no unwanted extras on my plate.
4	Barbeque chicken pizza and sweet potato fries!!! OMG!! my fav!!!   this place is awesome from prices to choices to the ambiance to music and energy! definitely stop by and check this hot spot out!
5	Love this place!!! The food is great, the atmosphere is fun and the service is always friendly. I just wish it was closer to home so I could go more!  The crowd is usually eclectic and it's a great stop to or from an event downtown since it's on the lightrail route. I wish they had a bit more parking (for when we do drive there) and it can get a bit noisy inside but it's still well worth it!If you order the basket of fries ask them to do half and half so you get to try two kinds!
3	Pretty tasty. Good burgers, good food. Definitely a place to check out!
3	A bit overrated, but they did have a great chicken sandwich with pesto.  Outside of that, everything is just overloaded with garlic, and I love garlic.  Service is really good, but the food isn't as great as I was expecting.
2	This is another example of a foodie place. The food is actualy real good but the price is just inside of outragous. Come on, it's a burger... not fillet minion... Don't get me wrong, it was good but total bill was just too high for me to want to go back there.  Oh and don't get me started on the parking...
4	Those Zombie drinks are dangerous.
4	Have eaten here a few times (4) and always have a good experience, although it's nothing to rave about.
5	Great!
5	I tried the herb infused turkey burger with the salad it comes with and WOW. Awesome flavors. This place rocks
5	My girlfriend and I had brunch at Fez this weekend. What a perfect way to start off our day. It's hard to find restaurants that have great food and a fun atmosphere like Fez. But what made it one of our best dining experiences was our server, Jared.  Not only did he make sure we had everything we needed, but he knew when he needed to ask. We like to take our time when we dine out and have a few drinks (the Greyhounds are so good here and only $4 during brunch!)... Jared just let us enjoy our time (about 2 hrs), and he knew exactly when we needed something without hovering. How he did, I have no idea, but he definitely has that skill down. Try Fez, you won't be disappointed. And ask for Jared if you really want great service.
4	Went for lunch. It was fairly busy for 1pm on a weekday, and the service was a bit slow but not terrible and everyone was friendly.We ordered the lettuce wraps as an app which had a very tasty filling with dates and pears and was a good sized portion.  I ordered the bleu cheese balsamic burger (comes with a side salad).  The burger also had a good mix of flavors. The side salad was ok, I didn't think that the lemon basil vinaigrette was very flavorful.
4	The atmosphere is trendy, hipster and young professional type feel.  The food is decent with gourmet selections  A little more of the pricey side of food but you'll definitely enjoy the selections.  The service is a bit off.  I waited for water a lot and transition between dishes wasn't really a team effort but overall the experiences I've had have been positive!!!
3	I've been to Fez several times but it is more for convenience than great food. Their food leans towards Mediterranean but their menu does offer other items as well. One note - check out their late night happy hour. I think it starts at ten.
3	I think the food is great.  Fez has been making sweet potato fries for longer than 90 percent of the hip eateries that are moving away from mass produced yellow spuds.  The spices are great, the prices are not.  Sometimes you will get great service, sometimes you won't.  Sometimes the misters on the patio are working, sometimes they are not.  The music is too loud.  Most of the time it is too dark.  Except during lunch time.  I would definitely eat lunch here, stick to eating and drinking the specials and enjoying the little bit of natural sun that creeps in.  Just make sure you don't have to go back to work afterwards, because you will be drunk and late for that afternoon meeting.
3	Second time at FEZ and it was a good experience, once for brunch and once for dinner. Employees are extremely friendly. I heard the burgers are delicious here especially the FEZ burger and mine was just the opposite. I had ordered it medium rare, protein style with the sweet potato fries. First, they brought it out on a bun and brought it right back. Once they brought it out the correct way, I tried a bite and it wasn't medium rare by any means - it was closer to well. The fries were also cold. They had a great taste with the accompanied sauce but would have been better warm.
5	The check in offer just can't be beat.  My Sis and I came in for a lunch together, she ordered the wedge, I wanted to lettuce wraps (check in offer), we both had tea. Huge amazing salads and yummy tea, teeeny tiny bill, under $20!!
4	Their staff is friendly and inviting. Their food and drinks are just as good, meaning whatever you order you won't be disappointed with. Some of the must tries are:- the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries. Seriously, they are the best things EVER.- the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer. It's filling enough that it could be your meal.- the rosemary chicken sandwich. No words can describe this masterpiece.- the apricot salmon. I order salmon almost everywhere I go and this is one of my favorites.
5	Love, love, love this place.
5	I went for lunch and the food was so good!!!  I will be back for sure!!!
3	Pretty good. Downtown (rare for PHX)!
5	Consistently great food, good service and fair prices.
5	Best eggs benedict in town, coupled with a cocktail special from the weekend brunch menu. Magnifico! Awesome service, always a great crowd, but usually not over crowded! Love FEZ, I believe it's become a Cenpho institution.
4	Great atmosphere, decor & service! I had the salerno bruschetta plate, spicy harissa fries, & duxelles burger - all delicious and very filling. Also, tried the Friday Special $4 vodka pomegranate press, was a bit strong and on the sour/tangy side. Would give this restaurant 5 stars, but I'm allergic to cinnamon... Will go back soon
3	If I lived closer, this would be a place that I'd like to visit more often to try everything. The Fez Burger was really good, but I felt it to be a tad too sweet. I didn't like how they substituted the salad for fries and charged me the full price for a side of fries anyways. Otherwise this would be 4 stars. The way the menu looked it was if you could substitute for fries or for an extra fee add fries not both for the same price. On the upside, the fries were pretty good. I tried my friend's salad and it was really good too.
5	I really, really love Fez.  I love the vibe, I love the drinks, and I love the turkey burger.  Weren't expecting that one, were ya?  No really, the turkey burger is kind of ridiculously delicious.  Take my advice, get their turkey burger.Also LOVE their Tuesday martini deal, $5 for the top 5 martinis on their menu. Awesome martinis at an awesome price.  Yes, please.Did I mention their turkey burger?
4	I used to go to Fez often, but not anymore. Whenever I was there I never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and always tries to accommodate the customer. The food is delicious, but their patio and their interior design is outdated and while I'm in downtown I always end up going with my friends somewhere else, because we all prefer places that are more unique and more stylish.
4	Good food, good drink and Great staff
4	I have been to Fez so many times that I know several of the employees and I always have a hard time deciding what I want to eat...The interior is very modern and hipwith a very trendy vibePatio seating is greatSmoking is allowed on the patioEverything on the menu is pretty good depending on what you are feelingThe Kisra's are goodThe steak is goodThe burgers are goodSeriously, depending on what you are craving... whatever you get, will be good Also, it's a great place for BrunchMy go-to is the Fez Burger with the Spicy Harissa FriesMy friends and I usually go to Fez after volleyball for food, snacks, and of course, drinks....Fez has some really great daily drink specialsI love how they make their margaritas with the sugar rim and a gummy worm The G spots are another good specialThe 'tini's are greatMy friends and I love the Cherry BombAll in all, Fez is a great place especially for groups
5	I am a frequent customer at Fez. Since the first day I went there two years ago, Fez consistently has had delicious food and drinks and great customer service. Their happy drinks are great throughout the week but I'm a particular fan of the $4 Bloody Mary's during brunch on the weekends. If you enjoy a modern Mediterranean edged cuisine (chicken sandwiches, salads, burgers) and a great drink to wind down, this is definitely the place to go. My favorites are the tan-tan chicken sandwich and the pesto Caesar salad with pistachios.
4	We have been here several times and have had very good food each time.  It is a fun place.  The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is that it can get very loud sometimes.  It is a very good place to eat!
5	I pass this place all the time on my way to work, and finally had a chance to try it. The portions are generous, and the food is incredible! After tasting several dishes and appetizers, I couldn't find a single thing I didn't absolutely love (the sweet potato fries are the best I've had). And on top of everything, the service was quick and went above and beyond many other restaurants. Can't wait to come back!
3	Great place to have drinks and delicious plates.  Kind of loud at times, therefore, I won't recommend it for a first date.  Service is excellent and reasonable prices.
4	Portillo's is relatively new to the Valley and was slammed for the first two weeks it was open, making getting in a challenge, but well worth it.  These have to be the best hot dogs I have ever eaten in my life!  And the Italian beef sandwiches are amazing.  I had never had one before Portillo's and I wanted to see if they were as good as the pictures.  I was not disappointed in the least.  Add the sweet peppers folks, for a real treat.  The chicken sandwiches are excellent, but a chicken sandwich you can get anywhere.  Stay with the Italian beef and the great hot dogs and you cannot go wrong.  Then after, take a look at dessert.  Not an array of choices, but what they have cannot be beat:  strawberry shortcake or luscious chocolate layer cake.  It's hard to walk out without getting that strawberry shortcake!  Listen for you number and be entertained by the playful way they announce it.  "Number 8, no more wait!"  or "Number 11, come get your piece of heaven!"
5	Never had something I didn't like. Veggie burgers and the breakfast pasta are my favorites. Does get very loud in the evenings which is not my liking (I'm getting old)
5	Amazing food, excellent staff, and super cool atmosphere!
1	Sunday night female bartender was not very attentive set there for quite a while didn't feel welcome like in the past.
4	Eclectic vibe with lots of good standard and unique food options. The location is centrally located and convenient. Service is friendly but prices are slightly high.
4	This is a lot better tonight a little more attentive
5	great food and place, and stafff.
4	Brunch Saturday morning 10/19 ... Great Service.  Great food.  Great location.  Joey - you were awesome!  I'm so sorry - I took the credit card receipt by accident - so you didn't get a tip!  I will swing by before I leave town and make it right with you!  Tell your boss I said you need a raise.  You were great!
5	Fez is just good....all around....the seating, the staff, the patio, the food is really on spot with enough unique to make it...unique.
5	I so loved this place! The food was delicious! I got the g-spot to drink and for being a grapefruit drink, I was in love. Their french fries were perfect! The rosemary chicken sandwich was pretty delicious. The egg white omelette with spinach and tomato had me craving it for days and the side salad with the basil vinagarette will keep me coming back. It's my new favorite place. I can't wait until their Sunday brunch.
5	Always great food! My favorite are the sweet potato fries. Drink of choice is the Spatini...except I replace the cilantro with mint..YUMMY!
5	Urban good eats.  - It kinda feels like Phoenix is a "real" city in this place. My gay brother and gay aunt think this place is tits, because it's "family-friendly". Fufu drinks are good. Salads are good. Burgers are good.-but it would seem bland compared to a BIG city place. That said, wear whatever you want, i.a.g.cheers.
5	Nice night for cocktails.Once there again last night very attentive Great staff, it was just enough people in there to get the excellent Service hummus is too vicious and so was that pizza and the drinks are delicious, Good service, Good stuff, Great atmosphere, Come check it out.
5	I actually ate here twice in 3 days and had the same thing, it was so good!  I'm avoiding carbs right now, so the Tangier Burger wrapped in lettuce with a side salad was delicious, filling and worth every penny!   yummy!
4	I never heard of FEZ before.  But I sure can't forget about it now!  I was introduced this place about 2 weeks ago by a special lady in my life.  She had never been there either at the time, so It was a first for both of us.  WE WAS GOING ON A ADVENTURE! (I'm sorry, if you saw The Hobbit last year you'll get that joke.)  First of all I love the clean look of the place. My girlfriend always gives me a hard time for enjoying the look and ambiance of a place.  But who doesn't like to eat in a nice looking place?  It's why dining areas are made for eating and bathrooms are made for shhh.... You know what I mean.  But like I was saying the look was great, very clean and modern.  This isn't the usual kind of place you find out here and Phoenix. Both me and my girlfriend felt like we was in California or NY. The service was great as well. We were helped by 3 different people within 10 minutes of being seated.  And it was a packed house on a Friday night.  I can't remember what I had exactly. I know it was a burger and it was very good. But what stole the show for me was the sweet potato fries.  Most places I've had sweet potato fries at they overcook them. They're all hard and taste burnt to me. But the ones at FEZ turned me into Goldilocks, cause they were just right! They had plenty of flavor and were just soft enough to where they wasn't mushy, and cooked enough to where they wasn't hard. They were so good that my lady and I went back to FEZ that very next morning to have brunch. Where I had a breakfast pasta and my girl had a egg white omelet, with a couple of Mimosa's and a side of those sweet potato fries each.  I love my girlfriend dearly, but she's not eating none of my fries.  I will definitely go there again as they seem to have a lot of other good dishes on the menu i would like to try out. I had to give it 4 stars cause parking is not the greatest. But that is nitpicking. Overall it was a damn fine dining experience.
5	I stopped at a Pizza place today to grab a quick lunch.  Damn! What a find!Best Pizza I've tasted in a long time.  It was perfect. Great sauce, great flavor of crust and thickness and all the ingredients were fresh.  Sam's Pizza on 43rd and Union Hills.  They have a new customer.  Now that's Italian.  Take that from a real Dago who knows pizza.
4	Friendly, fun, hip environment with good food and tasty drinks.  Good drink specials daily.  I've been coming to Fez for a couple years now, and I'll say the only thing that is consistently lacking is the service.  While servers generally get your order right, it can be painfully slow at times.  This is more of a dinner spot for me.  For lunch? I just don't have time for that.
5	Burgers and 3 dollars drinks.
4	Good food. Nice atmosphere.
2	I ate here with a friend last week. The look of the restaurant was nice. The food was...ok. It's kind of pricey for what you get I think.Drinks were expensive as hell, but strong. Of course, strong doesn't necessarily mean they taste good. The feztini was pretty much like a shot in a martini glass w sugar on the rim. Haha. I had a turkey burger that was...a strange consistency. It didn't taste bad, but was the strangest consistency ground turkey I've ever had...more of a finely ground turkey paste really. The flavor was...ok. I tried to give a piece from my leftover burger to my cat at home and he wouldn't eat it. I was surprised because it was a cat food kind of consistency. Lol. The bread was a ciabatta bread that looked like it was going to be crusty and hard, but was surprisingly soft and delicious. I got sweet potato fries which were good. Unfortunately when I asked for a box, the server boxed it for me and didn't put the leftover fries I saved into the box. :( Only other thing I feel might be worth a mention is the parking lot...it was reeeeeeally creepy and dark back there at night. There are nice lit up spots next to the restaurant, but they belonged to the FedEx next door and there were signs about them being for their customers only. So...I parked out back in the creepy dark lot with the strange river of what looked like sewage flowing through it. All in all, I would eat here if other people were going, but I wouldn't make the choice to go myself.
4	I think I like brunch the best at FEZ. The FEZ omelette is really fantastic. The fluffy eggs, gyro meat, sweet peppers and goat cheese is a great combination and very filling. It comes with a side salad that has a lemon vinagrette that is also very tasty. The wait staff is always very attentive and nice. Tip: if it's busy - sit at the bar. You will still get great service and great food without the wait.
4	Love this place... Great food. Great atmosphere.
3	Went here our first night in AZ, it was an odd experience to say the leastFood was good, they offer gluten free ( I believe almost everything can be made into GF) Found it surprising yet again that they say they are GF but do not have a gluten free beer or cider. Three of our party ordered the burgers, one with a lettice wrap and beef, one with a bun/beef and one bun/turkey. The one who ordered the turkey was not a fan-unsure why, as he wouldn't really say much. We started with the hummus-I asked for extra cuc slices since I could not have the pita. Came with cucs and carrots and was very good. We ordered half regular and half spicey-more than plenty for 4 people, we ended up taking some home. I ordered the butter lettuce salad-I adore butter lettuce, you never find it on menu's without the candied cashews since the waiter did not think those were gluten free. The dressing was really good, great flavor-it was a vinegarette and the perfect size. I ordered a half portion for dinner. Our waiter was a tad odd-when the first person ordered the waiter asked if he wanted french fries-Andy asked him if they were shoe string or what type? The waiter then went into some type of rant on fair fries and how they are the best and you put malt vinegar on them. Andy asked again what type of fry they were and the guy confused us even more. We never figrued out what type of fry they were getting until the food actually came out. We were even confused as what the 3 burger orders had ordered as sides when the waiter left. If I could give them a 3.5 I would-the food was really good, the service was different....and I was kind of sad they didn't have cider or GF beer. Very trendy setting-I was surprised to see people with babies there at 8:30PM. Since it is much more of a bar scene for adults at night.
5	The FEZ burger is indescribable.  It is a burger like none other... for those of you that like to TASTE your food, this will explode in your mouth.  you can get extras, like avacado and bacon and other sundries on it, but don't...it stands alone, and you will LICK YOUR NAPKIN, its that good.  Great atmosphere, icky parking lot but over all amazing.
3	This is my first time there. Had breakfast pasta and fez burger, loved the half off bottles of wine on sunday. The food was excellent but the service was poor. Had to go back to the host to tell them we had not seen a server yet after 20 min. Will go back again since the food was so good and I had a hard time deciding what to order. Stay tuned
4	I often travel from the San Francisco bay area to Phoenix for business. Each night I like to try a different place for dinner. I came across Fez and ordered the lamb sliders and strawberry/blueberry salad. I walked into the restaurant to pick-up my order and wished I had time to sit and eat. What awesome ambiance! The staff was super polite and the food was delicious. I will be breaking my rule and coming back to this restaurant again.One suggestion, I didn't notice mint-yogurt sauce on the lamb. If you like this stuff as much as I do you may want to ask for a little extra.
4	Great food, atmosphere but a little small.
4	I have only been here for lunch (several times).  Really good, fresh food!
4	Stopped in to check it out grabbed a few drinks & the spicy hummus.  Will definitely be back. Service was great! Thanks Shara. If your looking for a cool place to go and hang with friends then this is it!
4	This is fun place to sit outside and still not have to deal with smoke. Great view of Central and all the lights that go with it. I really enjoy the Sunday breakfast menu. Oh, and the mimosas are pretty tasty too! ;-)
5	Update 5/5Food just as delicious, great service to match the past couple of times I've gone.
3	Love food.  Just don't like that fact that if you are not wearing the "IN" thing, you're  over looked by the staff.
4	Fun atmosphere good place to stop for a drink.
5	We had the hummus appetizer (half garlic half spicy) and then I had the blue cheese burger with bacon. That was one of my favorite meals that I have had in Phoenix.  If you get a chance, you should definitely try Fez. Great for cocktails and a quick bite!
4	Had dinner at FEZ with several colleagues while visiting Phoenix. Everything was delicious and the service was awesome. We started out with the lettuce wraps and the calamari. I loved the server's suggestion of adding bacon to the lettuce wraps, a midwestern girl like me loves bacon in everything and the combo did not disappoint. I also really enjoyed the batter on the calamari and the awesome aioli that came with it. For my meal I took the server's recommendation and order the FEZ burger, it was terrific! I was a little wary of the cinnamon pears but I could not get enough, the flavor combo on this burger is truly unique. The only disappointment for me was the garlic and rosemary fries. They were not bad but I've had a lot better. They tasted like they were simply dusted with garlic salt. All in all I'd definitely recommend FEZ to anyone.
3	I really wanted to give Fez four stars as well but our customer service was lacking as mentioned in other reviews. The food was very good and everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered in my party. I liked the lamb slider to start off and would recommend it. My brother ordered a Fez burger and I ordered the spicy grilled chicken sandwich. We ended up splitting meals and both were both a bit outside the box when it comes to ingredients but both tasted very very good. The cocktails are very good and they have a decent choice of brews and a good happy hour. The only thing missing from the equation was better service. We were asked if we knew what we wanted to order and asked for a minute only to not see our waiter for over 15 minutes. Our cups needed refills for most of the meal and we too had to flag someone down for simple needs. I would suggest this place to friends because the food defiantly triumphs the service.
4	Awesome food! Love the fries.
5	Good: Food was tasty. Service was tasty. (How is tasty service even possible?) Place was a great place to hang out due to very comfortable lounging and seating arrangements.
5	The food here is excellent, but the service is even better! Came here with my coworkers before a performance at Symphony Hall. We had such a great waitress--Audrey. She was so attentive to our table, helpful in picking our meals and not overbearing or trying to take our plates before we were finished. For our appetizers, we got the yelp deal for the free chicken lettuce wraps--omg, those were to die for! The dried fruit and almonds gave them a sweet AND savory taste. My coworker got the garlic/spicy hummus combo, SO delish, too! For my meal, I had the pistachio pesto caesar salad and absolutely loved it...perfect portion, filling and very tasty. Will definitely come back to this spot! So glad we had Audrey as a waitress!! :)
5	Awesome! Great food, amazing sangria and the staff is very kind. Would highly recommend this place.
4	This place was awesome, my friends and I drop to FEZ last week without knowing that it would be a great experience. This place is so good. Will come back later with some new friends.
4	I decided to try this place because one of my fellow Yelpers (shout out to Preston) raved about this place. The first time we tried to go it was closed for a party, but the second time.. it was packed with people and good holiday cheer. It attracts a mix bagged of people from students to the eclectic type.We were seated pretty quickly, but the service was less than stellar.. It was borderline non-existent. The waiter said (no joke) I forgot about you guys. I appreciate his honestly, but goodness.. Past that, the food was DELISH! We had the following:CalamariKisra's with chicken and applesSpice Road Chicken Sandwich.Everything was really good, especially the chicken sandwich. I was impressed at how moist the chicken was even as leftovers. Same with the pizza. Never had kisra before but I'll definitely give it another whirl.Sidebar: Martini Tuesdays hear for the drinkers!
3	The sweet potato fries did not live up to half their acclaim on here with cinnamon on them and it not being mentioned in the menu. This wasn't an easy place to eat lighter even ordering an omelette. The wAiter was great but I was not impressed and will not be running back here
5	Used to live down here. Wish I would have visited more often. Rosemary chicken sandwich, awesome!
5	The Fez Burger is the best tasting burger I've had my entire life. With that being said, the service has always been good, and I enjoy the atmosphere inside Fez. A nice selection of different flavored fries puts this spot at the top of my recommended restaurants.
4	Really great food, more American with a Moroccan twist than the other way around. The cinnamon sugar sweet potato fries are a must, and the fez burger was awesome. The vibe was modern but laid back. Our server was so-so but the other ones looked like they had their stuff together.
5	Fabulous Brunch as usual! Great Peach Bellini! Our friends from Chicago and San Francisco were taken here by us on their way to the airport to head back home and LOVED it!!!!
3	This place... how could one not love it?! The drinks are amazing and the price is just right!! I personally recommend the "G Spot" or a martini. The food is excellent here as well. I usually get the Fez burger. I am not sure what all is on it, but I can tell you that it tastes amazing!! So why the 3 stars?... Unfortunately I woke up later that night very ill. Since this place was not the only food I had all day, I can't say for sure that I got sick from here. However, I'm hesitant to visit again now.
4	The food and service is amazing!
4	We love the Fez and haven't been here enough.  We did a birthday for my Wife there a number of years ago and other get togethers.  Always busy with good service.
5	FEZ never disappoints. Consistently delicious food/drinks and fast, attentive service.  Love their hummus, black bean burger, and any of their salads topped with salmon.
5	One of our downtown Phoenix staples. I love the strawberry blueberry cashew salad and the margaritas. Annnd the spicy harissa fries. ...Aaaand the hummus. You really can't go wrong no matter what you order.
3	Really good food and drinks but I have felt a little awkward inside at times. It won't deter me from going back but I'll show up with girls next time.
5	OMG!!!These hotdogs we were  as good as it gets. Delicious!!  Frenchy was so pleasant to speak with.  Thanks for a great experience.  Our bank will be coming back!!
5	There sweet potato fries are the best.  I love there pomogranite chicken.
4	Good food, with the mascarpone bruschetta a highlight for me.  We also chose to sit outside on a chilly night, which was a great decision; the staff put on a space heater and we ate in peace since no one else wanted to eat in the "cold."
2	Two stars for two concerns.  Pretentious service and overcooked food.  Our server had no interest in service, more so going through the motions.  When we were not ready to give him a drink order he took off in a flash.  No questions on preference, nothing about the menu, he just split.  When he did return, a while later, we gave him our drink, app, and entree order all at once.  He did not like that, as later he came back and asked about our entree order again.....  Enough about that guy.  As for the food, the Spicy hummus was well done, a positive.  As for my salmon, way dry and bland.  Even the apricot glaze could not save this one. Overall a busy place and nice atmosphere, and I think it helps compensate for the service and food shortcomings. i will give this one another try, however at this point the Yelp hype was not met at FEZ.
5	Would definitely recommend! I have been here for numerous work lunches with coworkers and it is always a treat. Known for their burgers, I enjoy their fries even more. You can get cinnamon sweet potato fries, spicy fries, rosemary and garlic fries, or regular salt and pepper fries. Cinnamon sweet potato fries are my favorite, the spicy fries a close second.
4	In on a weekday around 12:30. Food was very tasty and came out very fast. Doable in a 1 hour lunch break.
5	I love FEZ, especially for happy hour and reverse happy hour. $3 margaritas and beer. The food is always good (I haven't had a bad meal yet). The food is filling but doesn't make you feel gross. The ambiance is modern and comfortable, the servers and bartenders have always been nice. The sweet potato fries are a must!
5	Have been a couple of times, once with a group for dinner and once with my wife for lunch. The food and service were excellent on both occasions.
4	Great drinks specials and apps during happy hour!
5	I loved the service, and particularly how fresh the food was.  Will be back soon!!
4	One if the hot spots downtown! There happy hour is pretty decent there burgers are amazing! I love the tangier burger which consists of hummus, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese!!! Heaven!!
5	Try the FEZ burger with garlic/rosemary fries. As good as it gets.
5	Great food. Great drinks. Love the atmosphere. Servers are super friendly.
5	Oh FEZ I love you. I ordered the harissa fries and a black bean burger with avocado. Both were outstanding! The service is great and there are many tantalizing choices that you just can't get anywhere else.
4	Great food!
4	Awesome place for almost everything!!! Great service! Excellent food and drinks! We ordered tomato taza salad......fantastic! And a burger...juicy and tender! Love it!
4	As a surprise, my husband took me to the Surprise Fine Arts and Wine Festival last weekend.It is an annual event; next year it will be their third and we would both highly recommend attending it.Having never been to Surprise, AZ before, we had no idea where to dine, so I checked-in with Yelp. We realized we were close to Babbo and decided to give it a try.Yummy! Great crusty bread, helpful waiter, good service and reasonable prices. As I was leaving, I grabbed one of the take-with menus and realized that they have six locations in the Valley.We'll definitely be looking for them.
3	The food was good, the atmoshere was great. If the waiter would have been more interested I would have at least gave a 4 star.
4	My favorite thing to have at Fez is weekend brunch. The Big Boy Mimosa is amazing and any other mimosa will seem tame and less tasty after you've tried Fez's version.  Their bloody mary is also great.  Food wise, I love the kiseras but am not a big fan of their burgers.  Oh and the rosemary and garlic fries are the perfect thing to share with a group.
5	Amazing, everything was great.  The service was great, food was soooo good, ambiance was fun.  Will be back!!
2	I've been reluctant to write this review because the food is so stinkin good!!! I absolutely love the green pasta (I think its $13.95) and the portions are amazing. The burgers are perfect every time and I love the fries options... But the service... oh the service, IS SO UNBELIEVABLY AWFUL. I've gotten the same guy the last couple times I went in and he is just terrible. Tyler? Taylor? something like that. But he was more worried about his hair and scarf than he was about anything going on around him. The day I went with my parents, I had to ask 3 times for him to refill my mom's ice tea. Eventually, I grabbed another server for it. I took my boyfriend and a couple of his friends in for a birthday and he had to came back two or three times because he couldn't remember what we ordered, and that was just DRINKS! On top of it, his tone and smile are so sarcastic and fake, its insulting. Its unreal how many of us will never be back because of him.
5	Best fries I have had in awhile. Everyone enjoyed their meal and the cocktails were good as well. Loved the lively atmosphere and will be back soon- for sure.
4	Went here tonight with my wife and son. Let me preface that it does not have a kid friendly menu but he was a good sport about trying the food. I had the salmon dish with couscous and steamed veggies. It's a good selection if you've had a rough day and need a light refreshing meal to turn what's left of your day.my wife had the lamb curry. Great curry flavor along with a small kick for flavor and spice. My son ordered a strawberry blueberry salad. He liked the salad but the idea of adding fruit to it was a bit odd for him. He's an apple kind of guy anyway. But he did enjoy the salad despite it having a balsamic dressing. Never heard of an 8 year old who likes balsamic. Guess there's a first time for everything. We ordered the chicken phyllo app. Our server forgot to put them in the system and brought them to use after we had completed our entrees. They were pretty good however and it came with this orange sauce. Not to much in flavor but I might order it again. As an apology for not ordering our apps he brought out a chocolate hazelnut cheesecake on the house. I was concerned about the potential for heavy handedness with the hazelnut but it was just a touch on the palette that provided a nice aftertaste. Recommend eating this with the strawberry they provide to cut through the heavyness of the cheesecake because after all....it's cheesecake. Overall I enjoyed our experience and I would be happy to return in the future. Next time I'll try the hamburger as it comes with ciabatta.
3	Been meaning to try this place forever and day and finally had a chance to for an early dinner yesterday.  I would say there weren't a terrible amount of opitons for us, being mostly vegetarian with a 2 y/o toe-head in tow, FEZ was more of a sandwich/salad place with a little middle eastern flair thrown in, for people with no kids.That being said, the salt n pepa fries were good and out little one enjoyed the pita bread, but obvs not much of a healthy dinner and we had to refeed the tot when we arrived back home.  For me, the veggie burger was pretty darn good.  Nice soft bun and a unique twist with roasted tomatoes and goat cheese.  The side salad dressing was excellent, I want to say mint and honey?  Looked like they had a pretty good happy hour in the bar and I might have to come back with a friend for nosh and drinks.
4	So all in all the food here is good, I wouldn't say great. I had the fez chicken sandwich, which again was good but I'm not sure I would say was life changing. The chicken was great, tasted grilled and nice, but there was too much dressing a it was dripping in my hand. The salad was great-I'm always happy when I'm asked for the healthy option with fries as an up charge. The service was good but inconsistent. I received good tips but with poor follow up. I asked to taste some beers and received them right away, but after my food was delivered I didn't see my server till I was half way done.So all in all it was good but I've had better furring my time in AZ
4	Great food but very expensive.  Worth a try at least once.  Went here for lunch and had a salad.. Get the large cause their small salad is too small ;)I had a strawberry like salad and it was very good!  This place ain't cheap but all the dishes coming out the kitchen looked yummy!  Not a bad lunch spot.
4	Love the hummus and apricot margaritas! I don't think I've ever had anything here that I didn't enjoy.
3	The first time I had dinner at FEZ it was a wonderful meal. My friend and I sat on the patio, enjoyed one of their cocktails and then had some delicious food. That time they deserved 4 stars. My second visit wasn't as enjoyable. I stopped by to get a burger during lunch and decided to get it to-go. The burger was cold, they had just thrown some shredded cheese on it and not even bothered to melt it, the patty was not what I am used to getting when I pay 9 dollars for a burger, in fact, imagine a hash brown from mcdonalds that was made with ground beef instead of potatoes but that had the same cardboard like taste. This was probably one of those items I wouldn't order again. The service the first time was great, the second time since I ordered to go so I can't comment on it.
4	Nice little spot. Cool ambiance and good customer service. Some healthy but delicious dishes on the menu as well. I will be back! Pros: - Good food with healthy selection- Chill ambiance- PriceCons- Color way- Menu design
5	Fez might very well be the best food in Central Phoenix. The staff is extremely friendly and the food and drinks are within budget.  Recommend as a good first date restaurant.  She'll appreciate your openness to diversity :)
5	Let me make this simple: Service was wonderful, ambiance was mellow & eclectic, and the food was amazing! ALL 5 times I've been there to dine! The drinks are delish too- love the lemon drop martini. I take people here to try all 3 kinds of fries & their sauces... But to be honest I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu. One of my favorite places.
4	This place is awesome!  It's comfort food prepared with a fancy flair. I would give it a higher rating but the menu basically consists of sandwiches and salads. Do one thing and do it well. I love it!#Fezburger #Goodeats
5	We love it , all bartenders are friendly n awesome people. I am here everyday with tara n the crew. Amazing veggie pasta.  If u see a big group sitting at the patio thats us having a great time!
5	FEZ is one of my favorite go-to places in Phoenix!!  I'm addicted to the Harisa Fries and the Strawberry Blueberry Cashew Salad is to die for...not to mention the always amazing martinis they serve :)  I've been a loyal client of FEZ for at least 6 years - probably longer.  Every person I bring to this joint is impressed...you can't go wrong here!
5	This place had great food.  Although it was busy, we didn't have to wait long for a table.
4	Rode in for a lunch on my bike pretty hungry for Greek food.The music there was a bit much for my migraine that day and almost wanted to leave but I needed sustenance so i sat there looking about the menu and decided to start with the Hummus (Hot)*Was a fan but I feel as if the chili powder they sprinkled it on top could have maybe been mixed into the batch of delicious Hummus itself?? was still delicious.I had gotten the Gyro Kisra and man it was.............. Rad. You just have to try it.Chicken curry plate my friend got was pretty bland. Did not compare really to the almost same exactly curry plate I had made at home the night before.Our server: was chewing food as he walked up to greet Us. Ew... Also did not give a hint of urgency when he has spilled water all over my side of the table. Our encounters with him were minimal and short. Kinda annoying since it seemed to be a quieter lunch as he had no other tables? Bad impression left for sure.I did though really like what I saw on the menu and even had a hard time making a decision on my entree so I will definitely be back! Different server hopefully.
1	I was really looking forward to trying this place out. Unfortunately, after being rudely greeted, sat and then ignored for 10 minutes I quickly lost my appetite. I then asked for the manager and very kindly explained to him what happened and he laughed and said sorry try us again sometime. That's it. I've never walked out of a restaurant before despite some really awful service because I've worked in the business before and I know that it can get hectic. Also, the employees are generally always apologetic for any mishaps. Well, not this place. I'm sure the food is fine but I'm giving this place a below average review (my first ever) because the service was that bad.
5	We chose Fez after picking a friend up from the airport late at night and were pleasantly surprised. Our servers were very friendly and helpful. The spinach and artichoke dip is highly recommended. My friend and I enjoyed
3	Great food, the atmosphere was a bit stiffy, but our waiter was really good.  Price are high, more.
3	I went to Fez for a happy hour.  I ordered the hummus appetizer, which was pretty good. Just kind of your standard hummus app.  I also got a the Fez salad with chicken, which was very good.  If you're looking for a good salad, check it out!Overall, I'd say it's a decent place. I'd go back, but I've been to better places.
4	Trendy and yummy, with decent service and nice flavors.  We've mostly been here for lunch on weekends.  The humus platter is enormous and the pita is just delightful - warm and soft and so tasty.  Try the veggie burger - it has won several contests over the years and rightly so.  The fries are yummy, and so are the salads - lots of nice, fresh ingredients.It's always been busy when we've visited, so our service has traditionally been a little slow, but always polite.  The atmosphere is nice - trendy but comfy decor, plenty of tables and a nice patio.  They're also open late, which is always a bonus.
4	This is our favorite burger place in central Phoenix.  First, their happy hour lasts until 6:30PM.  It's easy to leave work, pick up the kid, get to Fez and be able to have two beers at a leisurely pace before HH ends.The sweet potato fries are my son's favorite.For the burgers, our favorites are:  Fez Burger, Blue Cheese and Tangiers.Monday nights -- excellent Arroz con Pollo for $6.95.Tuesday nights -- specialty martinis are $4!!!Good service, good music and they usually have a cool 'pattern' playing on the east wall, which fascinates our 2 year old.Their patio is perfect in the evenings this time of year.
4	FEZ is great!  I love the atmosphere, and I love the Tangier Burger!  This would have received 5 stars however on a select few occasions the service was a tad slow but please do not let that stop you from coming in!
3	Fez works very hard at being hip. The aesthetics get it all right....the food is ok...the drinks are terrific...the staff is so friendly it's wonderful...but....it's full of Scottsdale matrons and their grandchildren .... take ALOT of friends, and dont' expect phenomenal food, and you'll enjoy it.
5	I love the food at Fez and try to go there every time I'm in downtown Phoenix. We usually go in a large group and they are always accommodating and have very friendly, attentive staff. The happy hour specials are great too!
5	FEZ is a neat little happening place buzzing with people at the bar! Love the interior and the ambiance. There is an option to dine in the patio if you are looking for quiet environment. The food was absolutely delicious!! If you are a meat lover and want to give FEZ a try, definitely try their lamb sliders!!!! ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT! So flavorful, juicy, just cooked right! Also their FEZ kisra is a different take on barbeque flavored pizza.... What can I say about the Service.... Serivce was one of the best I've had... Our server was Candice. What a lovely lady! Food was served quick and the experience was really good. Definitely have to go back for the lamb sliders and to try out some of the other awesome food that the chef cooks up!
5	Awesome.. great food ambiance and service..
5	Creative menu, nice ambiance and great location!
4	I always have a good time when I'm here. Drinks are great. Fun atmosphere. Chicken phyllo packets are my favorite. I'm not entirely sure what they are comprised of but they're delicious so whatever. Also, the sammies are yum. I got the pear pizza recently and that ruled. Try those items. I don't think you can goWrong with anything on the menu. I give it 4 stars though because the staff is super flirty and they're not straight and it makes me sad.
4	Great place for a night out with friends! The food was delicious. Had the vegetarian sandwich with fries. The place is in the middle of nowhere but definitely a great find!
5	Wow.  Absolutely the best sweet potato fries.  Went to Fez specifically for the fries.  I live in Redondo Beach, Calif but will be visiting Phx a lot more.......  Clifton, our server, was great.
5	We love Fez!!!!!! We're from Tucson and always stop here. We had both Saturday dinner and Sunday brunch. Great food and service.
3	Good food, good drinks, friendly staff, kinda pricey but worth an occasional splurge!
4	Wonderful food, drinks, service, and atmosphere.  I recommend this favorite of mine to everyone!
5	Love this place! fresh food, great drinks and very friendly staff!
4	Fast service. Good drinks. Friendly staff! Cool place to hang with new or old friends.
4	Frequent this place with my hubby for late night food, especially on Sundays for some reason.  I've had the kisra, the fez burger, the lettuce wraps, and a few of the salads.  The spicy harissa fries are amazing!!  The drinks are also pretty delicious and they have tons of drink specials!  I think this would also be a cool spot to go and lounge with some drinks and apps.
4	Great food, atmosphere and service. Always worth a visit.
4	good eats!!   far from ordinary menu choices. prompt and pleasant service.
4	FEZ was fantastic. We went in later on a busy Saturday night, and the staff seemed kind of harried from a busy evening - however that did not mean our service suffered. We had attentive servers from the get-go, and they answered our questions about the menu, as we had never been before. Make sure you try their 50/50 soup! It's beyond amazing!We will for sure be back.
5	They're food is amazing, they have a big drink selection and the service is great! The pace is more for younger people though.
4	I thought I give this place after all the nice reviews.  I believe the reviews are a true reflection of FEZ. I Loved the tomato lentil soup and garlicky hummus.  Great place to meet up for after work drinks.  The food is good and the service is friendly and quick.   Nice job!
5	FEZ's has the best drink specials. Anything on their menu is delicious. I love the trendy upbeat atmosphere.
5	This place has the best brunch menu and laid back environment. I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
4	Super salads, excellent eggs benedict, good burgers....  And don't miss the cinnamon sugar dusted sweet potato fries. We've been here twice in two days because it's really good.  And the service is friendly and efficient service (mostly - we waited a little long for entrees the first day). Go. You won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome drinks and very courteous staff.  Everything is amazing but the harrissa fries are to die for.
5	I love this place!  The drinks are always yummy and I'm addicted to their salads, some of my favorites are: fez salad, pesto caesar and classic Caesar.  Oh! and all Fez fries are delicious too!  This place is fabulous and I recommend that everyone should go there, they don't disappoint.
5	Yummy food and the waiter was very conscientious. I had the Fez Fit plate and it was delicious.
4	So made reservations here a couple months back for an open weekend. Upon arrival at the restaurant I was given great seating for my reservation. From there we got the fries(variety) were great and completely above average in taste. Then the lamb for secondary courses. Game,Set,Match. It was the best kind of awesome. Overall the only problem I had with the place is my booth seat was quite uncomfortable. Small problem I know. I highly recommend FEZ after a great initial experience. (Side note) All of my other friends and acquaintances who've come to FEZ,also love it.
5	Went here as I was in Phoenix one day for vacation after a trip around San Diego, Vegas, and Flagstaff.  Pros:-Environment - was able to sit outside under the roof.  -Food: Delicious!  Split the Black Bean Burger with a friend, and it was MORE than enough food.  The burger came with a delicious slaw.  -All of the sandwiches come with salad, and you have to pay extra for fries, which I love.  Finally a place that comes with a salad.  The dressing was delicious and  lemon flavored.  -Drinks: $4 for a bloody Mary that looked weak, but it was actually really tasty.  Right amount of spice and sweetness, and def. felt it after one.  -FRIES: got a HUGE bowl of sweet potato fries and garlic fries.  The sweet potato fries were covered in sugar cinnamon and came with this liquid gold sauce.  I'm sure it was a million calories and mayo based, but it paired great with the fries.  The garlic ones came with ketchup and my mouth is watering just thinking about them.  Will have to make another trip back to PHX and check out some of their other food.  Was NOT disappointed!
1	We have been fans for years but the service has really gone down hill. We sat for 30 minutes with no waiter. No drinks. No appetizers. I called the lobby from my cell phone to place my drink order and the manager basically did nothing.  Our waiter eventually showed up and asked if we had decided on drinks...really?  He then offered free dessert and was really rude. We left and will never be back.  Beware. There is no excuse for bad service.
5	Our Security Door & Courtyard Gate was just installed by First Impressions.  We absolutely love it, look & quality is phenomenal.......GREAT curb appeal!!Sales Consultant Tracy McSwain was very professional & helpful in walking us through the selection process........GREAT working with him!!The installer Mike was VERY proficient, timely, cleaned up, & explained maintenance of door & gate.  GREAT install!! :)  Nice guy & clean cut.We would definitely recommend First Impression for quality, fair price, and on time delivery!!!  Just a very pleasant experience all the way around!!!! :)
4	Absolutely love the Fez burger and lamb sliders. Service is always great and the ambiance is fresh and hip.
5	My son suffered an anoxic brain injury and had just awoken from a coma of 37days upon coming to Kindred. He was trach dependent with very little movement and no use of his upper and lower extremities, along with a stage 3 bedsore on his left heel. Due to the expertise, guidance and encouragement of Kindred's entire staff, my son made phenomenal progress at Kindred during his brief stay. Through the daily guidance and support of his physical therapist, Scott and occupational therapist,Lana along with the rest of their department, he now moves and has use of all of his extremities with the exception of his left hand. He now feeds himself! He is no longer incontinent and prides himself in being able to use the bedside commode. When Langston arrived at Kindred he was speaking 2-3 word utterances. He now has conversation with joined sentences on behalf of the work of his speech therapist, Kirstie! The respiratory supervisor, Lane and his entire staff did an expediously, incredible job with his trach weaning, with completion taking place over a period of one week. We will be eternally grateful for the jump start Kindred Hospital has given him toward his full recovery
5	Fez, has been here in downtown Phoenix for quite a few years now. It is located right next door to one of my favorite Fed EX stores. It is always busy, and with good reason. It is really a pretty good place to go and spend some time.It is a great location, though if you are coming from the West or North it is a bit tricky to get to the other side of the street with the light rail right there. Once you do then, the tough part is finding parking. Best to go to the far back.The staff here is friendly and the food is pretty good. They have all kinds of specials all the time. Tuesday,(the last time I went ) has great happy hour Martinis.I do not really drink Martinis ,but this time I did. $4.00 pretty good I think.They even deliver now, at least around the area.
4	Very tasty cocktails! I am a sucker for a good flavored martini and this place did not disappoint! They are a little pricey, but I always say, you get what you pay for!
4	Been there several times, and service always polite and prompt.  Food good to very good.  Great neighborhood restaurant.
5	I love FEZ! Great trendy upbeat atmosphere. I've been here many times - brunch, lunch and dinner. The food and service is fantastic. I usually get the garlic hummus and pita as an appetizer and a burger for lunch. They're burgers are fantastic and you can taste the freshness. Nice outdoor seating area too.
5	I absolutely love FEZ. This is probably in my top 5 favorite Phoenix restaurants. It always has a great vibe and great food to go with it. I can't say enough how much I enjoy going there. The food is eclectic and kitsch. The drinks are also fantastic. I highly reccomend their blood marys! Go there and enjoy!
5	Great atmosphere. Fun place
5	We loooooooooooooooooooooooove this place :)
5	Great food. Their juicy burgers are some of the best I've ever had. Great selection of unique mixed drinks.
5	Amazing service and heavenly food. The Fez burger couldn't have been bigger or better. Yum!
2	The interior design of FEZ is in poor taste and trying of a very modern restaurant. The whole design felt very forced and was completely lost on the patio. Several tables on the patio have no proper lighting whatsoever and are extremely ill placed. The dinner menu does seem to have some interesting options.I ordered the curry and was not disappointed, however, of course there are much better options for curry in the area for half the price.The most disappointing part of the meal was the margaritas drink special. The drinks were cheap but also the worst margaritas I've ever ordered. I would be very skeptical of order another mix drink from this restaurant.Several friends have suggested this restaurant is much better for brunch than dinner.
4	Everything is quite good with fresh ingredients, and satiating tastes. It seems though that the foods are conceived to be mass appeal with somewhat inoffensive and boilerplate richness elements like salt, butter, sugar, and oils. No foods that I've yet tried are extraordinary, or highly creative from the norm of mediterranean cuisine.
5	One of my favorite places, great for dinner or lunch . The music and atmosphere is hip! The Casablanca chicken sandwich is still my favorite.
4	Have eaten her several times and we get very consistant good food.  This is a great place to go!!!
2	Overpriced and average. Atmosphere is great, cool place but I've had a better burger from red robin and the fries tasted  like the frozen kind you buy at a grocery store. I doubt I'd go again, too pricey for mediocre taste.
2	I have been to Fez a few times with friends who love it and I keep hoping that it will grow on me, but it just hasn't. The inside is very loud with poor traffic flow and the patio is poorly lit and very close to the street. I was the lucky recipient of food poisoning from my last visit. I will not be returning.
4	Came here for relaxed dinner date.. Would defiantly do it again! Had hummus appetizer, and 2 burgersYumm!
5	Great food!  Love there sandwiches, and on tuesdays they have 4. Martinis , Friendly staff, very trendy place. Cool lounge area and huge patio you can bring your dog on the patio
4	If you like blue cheese burgers look no further.  This place has the best in the valley hands down!!  It can get a little crowded on the weekends but the wait is worth it.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.
5	I love this place! Such great food and great drinks! The atmosphere is laid back and the staff is always friendly.
5	Fez consistently offers super customer service. The staff from bartenders, servers and managers always have a smile on their face. The servers in particular make you feel like you are home and they welcome you with open arms. The food is always delicious and the menu never disappoints.
4	I still think about this burger...so freakin good. I don't remember the exact name but it was the one with hummus and pesto. I was not super confident in the flavor profile on the menu but when the burger came out all doubts were extinguished...or should I say devoured?My husband and I took both our sets of parents and my grandma here for Mother's Day (two birds with one stone heyoo) and we were so glad we chose FEZ! Walking in feels like a super trendy upper crusty place, but the prices are really reasonable. Now that I know they serve brunch, I'll have to come back and check it out! We started with a calamari app, and were pleased with the preparation and the portion size. We also split a bowl of fries for the table and each person ordered a meal. We were all stuffed, even though a few of use saved some for later. The service was fine, not extraordinary.I dig it.
5	FEZ has beyond delicious food. My boyfriend and I ordered the Garlic Hummus for a starter and had the go green pasta as the entree. Both dishes were full of flavor and were extremely filling. The atmosphere is awesome and relaxing. I really enjoyed my first time eating here and will be back.
5	I've been here twice with very different groups of people at different times of day and days of the week. Conclusion: the food is ALWAYS amazing and the staff is absolutely wonderful! They are so attentive (without hovering) and I never had to wait long for anything! I took my parents here and they loved it! The ambience is amazing and you feel like anyone is welcome so long as you bring a good attitude!
5	Love this place! The cinnamon sweet potato fries are fantastic and have just the right amount of sweetness without being overwhelming. Had the Fez burger, hold the pears. I love it. Great mix of flavors on a soft ciabatta. Decent beer selection from some local breweries as well. My friends and I had a great evening here last night, with something so suit all of their diverse tastes.
4	This restaurant is fun for people watching and enjoying a burger or hummus with friends. The atmosphere is mod and groovy and it's a favorite among the gay community in central Phoenix. The only drawback is the music, which is mostly dance tracts you'd hear in a spin class. I recommend happy hour until 6:30 before they turn up the tunes.
3	Fez!We pass by here all the time and decided one day to stop by for lunch. We ordered a FEZ BURGER which I put in call caps because it is amazing. I cannot even remember the name of the chicken sandwich we also got but it was fantastic too. I suspect all the food is good but it wouldn't matter they could serve strictly Fez Burgers and be fine.Personally non-plussed by the drink menu. I believe this is just a matter of preference however but a decent choice of mixed drinks and such. Just what you would expect from a modern contemporary restaurant. Will definitely come back, but probably just for the Fez Burger.
5	the best sweet potato fries in the word!
4	Great Martini's!!  Good atmosphere...would go back in the future!
4	Its good quality food, but weird menu items lol.  Never had a bad experience.
5	Had dinner here last night, and it was a great experience. The service was fantastic and my gyro kisra was really good. Loved the atmosphere as well-casual but still trendy.
4	The food is amazing, always friendly service and wonderful cocktails. I would recommend the Rosemary Chicken sandwich or the Black bean veggie burger. Both are equally good. If you happen stop in on the weekend get the Fez Benedict with a Bloody Mary!  You won't be disappointed.
4	Delicious!  Went here before a nearby show and the only problem I had with it was how much garlic hummus I ate beforehand... but that's not their problem.  I wasn't exactly adventurous in my burger choice,  I got the American burger with bacon added but it was absolutely delicious.  My party also got the kisra and hummus which as a garlic lover I couldn't get enough of.  I took a bite of my friends Fez burger (they offered!) and I really enjoyed it even though I didn't think I would.  The high reviews for this place are completely justified.
5	FEZ is a gem that I drove by constantly but never really knew what it was. One weekend my wife and I decided to spend a few days at the Clarendon Hotel and we walked to FEZ. Great food, great service, wish I would have stopped sooner!
3	Fez has been on my list of places to try for some time now and I guess I could've waited a little longer. I will say, the service was great and our server was very attentive. The food fell short of my expectations. I had the lamb sliders for dinner and I just found the meal to be lacking seasoning and flavor for lamb. Would have to say that Fez Fizzed!
5	Martini Tuesday at FEZ is my new favorite thing to do on my day off! My pasta was wonderful! Everything here is great. Great service, great music (at a reasonable volume), great food, great drinks! I'm so happy right now! Thanks FEZ
5	I love the flavor combinations on all their food. Great food, conistent quality... Can be loud and busy in the evenings but great food for sure.
5	Try the pizzas and the fries. AMAZING!!! And they must have the BEST black bean burger in town. Substitute on any of their burger choices.
4	great crowd, outdoor seating and casual food.
5	i love the flatbreads, salads and drinks at this place. the atmosphere and service is great.  I enjoy coming here in the evening or on a weekend afternoon.
5	One of my favorite Phoenix restaurants.Today I enjoyed lunch with my extended family. Monica / Monique? answered the phone when I called to make a reservation. She asked great questions about the specific needs of my party & when I arrived she had our perfect table, accommodating my elderly parents who couldn't sit at a high top table, and my mother who has a severe hearing problem. We started out great!We ordered the twin hummus appetizer - yum! with veggie slices. Off the charts deliciousness. Huge portion.I ordered a hamburger ( 1st one listed on the menu)  fabulous. A huge portion.My daughters ordered the berry cashew salad and the apple pear salad with chicken. My parents shared a hamburger. Everyone loved their food. Our waiter was Joey - attentive, fun, offered great suggestions. I loved the pomegranate margarita - Joey's suggestion. I highly recommend Fez. And if you go in cooler weather, sit outside on their screened in patio.
2	I wanted to like this place, but the food wasn't very good. Don't come here if you are a vegetarian.
5	This place is Freaking Fantastic ! One of my favorite restaurants!We use to have girls night here with my AZ girlfriends every couple of months.I can't wait to come back to town and have a fez burger. Might be the best gourmet burger Ive ever had ! Also love the chicken ceaser with pistachio and the bruschetta appetizer *commence droolingCocktails here are wonderful as well : )
4	The Fez Burger is probably the best burger I've ever had! Every time I go I order the burger :)
5	It's been about a couple years since I've been but when I did was delicious!
3	This place was ok. Food was alright. Staff was alright. Prices a bit high. It seems more hype than its worth.
4	Definitely worth a visit, just went and very much enjoyed my all American burger. It came out a little rare at first but after sending it back it returned perfect! So thankful the chef wasn't offended and genuinely wanted to give me a meal to my satisfaction!
4	Fantastic brunch
4	Had the FEZ salad. Best salad I've ever eaten in my life. Only giving this place a four because the host/waiter pushed me into sitting at the bar, when I really wanted a table.
5	We had been here for happy hour and had a great time.  The bartenders took great care of us.  The appetizers on the happy hour menu were really tasty.  The Friday night drink special was very good .I like the ambiance of the restaurant.  A little modern, a little funky.  The staff is very friendly.  One thing to note.  If describe something as garlicky.  They mean it.  I will come back, when I'm over on this side of town.  It's a perfect stop before seeing a show at the Rythm Room.
5	Went to Fez for brunch a week ago and had a great meal. All employees were fantastic and friendly. Definitely will go back.
5	Spent my 10th year anniversary here with my wife.  The atmosphere is amazing, service is great and the food is worth traveling from Texas for.
4	A great place to go to unwind with good friends and tasty food and beverages. I have been here several times and the food is always consistently good.
5	Fantastic sweet potato fries! Ciabatta bread on their house burger is pretty tastee. Our server, who's name I wish I could remember now, was so good. She was a great conversationalist and walked us through almost the entire menu. We had a great time!
4	Their soups are amazing.
4	Good happy hour specials and the food was tasty. I just wished our waitress was as happy as the specials, but she could have been having a bad day. It happens to all of us. Overall we had a great time. I will be back for happy hour.
4	I honestly don't remember how many times I've been here. But is the best place for drinks, girls night out, and date night.The ambiance to this place was decent. The lighting was too dim. :/The garlic fries is a must. I got those go green pasta. It was phenomenal. Everything about it was delicious. :)
3	Decent spot on Central Ave... Great sandwiches, good service, blah, blah, blah....
5	Unfortunately for me I've only been here a handful of times. I really enjoy this restaurant, I would like to come here more often. Great atmosphere, staff and food.
5	Good music..fabtastic food..Ilove the duxelle burger
5	I went here for lunch with an old co-worker and our friend who was visiting from Japan.We all had a great time! No complaints at all. The food and service were great!I'm sorry that there isn't much to say, but I guess less is more? :)
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. The burgers are amazing. They also make delicious soups and salads. This is a great date place too.  The decor is hip without being too hip, if that makes any sense.
5	I am so sad they don't have a location in Chicago!! The staff was so sweet and accommodating. I ordered a salmon salad with green apples, carrots, etc. my husband had the spicy chicken sandwich. He loved what he got.....I loved what I got. Everything was fresh, tasted great, things were clean. I also got the flatbread pizza with pesto, sun dried tomato.....delicious. They honored something from yelp, a check in deal. And were super sweet. Their drinks looked great. And I wanted some, but we were on a road trip. So, no drinks. But....they looked so delicious! Healthy, fresh, and full of flavor....just what I wanted to have. Thank you so much Fez for providing healthy fresh food to us on our long road trip back to Chicago. Sweet campy gay guys serving! Excellent, friendly service!!!!
3	I've been here twice, the food is good and the cocktails are great.  During the most recent visit we were seated and then ignored.  I phoned the place from our seat and waved at the man answering the phone---then, once we got service, it was good time.  Our waitperson was super friendly, kindly apologetic, and very attentive for the rest of the evening, comping my partner's drink.  The single-most important "negative" for us, however, is the volume: this place is ridiculously loud (bad acoustic design?) . . . both of the times I visited I really could not hear my dining partner.  I know that makes me sound like an "old man," and I'm certainly getting there.  The atmosphere is festive and encourages people to scream at one another, I'm sure that's exactly what some diners love.  But, just know this before you go.
4	Super busy at lunchtime.  A great place to beat the heat.  Very attentive bartender - I sat at the bar top as I was dining alone and the restaurant was packed. The salad was delicious and I will return next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Get the Fez Burger! That is all I can say. I dream about it.
5	We ordered the chicken strip that were very good and had a light batter. It had a great spicy aioli. The balsamic blue burger was a great choice, I ordered it with sweet potatoes rather then the salad it comes with.
5	Good atmosphere. Excellent fare. Generous portions and incredibly well prepared and fresh.
5	I love Fez.. the food is fantastic, service is amazing, and the atmosphere is basically perfect.  Eat here... do it...
5	Great brunch, great burgers, and one of the best desserts in town(fez gooey brownie).
4	Came here after i saw them listed on a top 10 burger list on AZCentral.  I had recently had a disappointing burger experience at The Chuck Box in Tempe the previous week so i was looking for something to hopefully get me out of my burger time blues.  Let me say I was not disappointed.  I went with two other work buddies and we all ended up ordering the Fez Burger all with different kinds of fries.  The combo of everything on that burger was sublime.  the cinnamon pears gave it the perfect addition of some sweetness mixed with the BBQ sauce and the Feta.  The cibatta bread was excellent too.  not too hard and not too soggy.  I ordered the sweet potato fries which had a great cinnamon sugar coating and mixed with whatever awesomeness they included as a dipping sauce was the perfect combo. The server was extremely friendly and we were able to get seated right away during the lunch time rush.  I'm deducting a star for my burger not coming out medium rare, didn't affect the flavor but still a tick mark off of a good burger list.  I will be back for sure to try out some other dishes that looked great as well.
3	This is a trendy restaurant with a somewhat slightly Middle Eastern menu (as the name implies) although the ambiance is more yuppie/lunchtime business crowd than Middle Eastern (we have traveled in the Middle East). The music, which is loud, is popular music without the heavy stuff. I ate there twice, once with a group and the second time with my wife. The food is good with large portions and the service is okay. The egg dishes for breakfast were excellent.  It's very loud there, the acoustics make it difficult to have a conversation, so I'd advise avoiding the crowded times when going there if possible.
4	Pesto Caesar salad. It's the bomb!!
5	Finally trying this place out for a quite girls night out. First, I was a little bit skeptical on the ravin' reviews - how good could it be? A friendly gentleman sat us down and our wonderful waitress was giving us spot on recommendations. I love great service! First bite on the appetizer - WOW - I think i just had da best garlicky hummus in town! The bread that came with it was soo delicious, it wasn't your typical pita bread, it was super moist and tasted fresh from the oven! The half portion strawberry salad (pictured) was great and filling as well, the added chicken slices were a tad too salty for my taste (maybe a better fit on a starch than on a salad). The portions here is huge (they can feed up to two people per their menu description) so make sure you come in hungry! We also had that days drink special - orange martini for $8 - don't let the pretty color fool you because that drink was strong! Will definitely be coming back to try other food from their menu, and, oh, they have hh and reversed hh everyday :)
3	I came in and sat at the bar for lunch. Service took a while. Once I had the full attention of the bartender, he was fantastic! He made great suggestions and the food was terrific if a bit pricey. It took a long time after I was finished to cash out.  Length of time waiting is the only reason I gave 3 stars.
4	Great place, great food. Waitresses and/or Bartender could be a little more attentive.
3	I used to like this place very much . but i think the quality of food is not as good anymore..the fries were too salty. the meat was too oily and made the bread saggy and my friend ordered a pasta which the chicken was cold...im kinda bumped that one of my favorite places to eat and the food wasn't good for the past couple of times that i hve been there. the atmosphere is great. i even asked them could you make sure that the burger is not dripping oil..ohh well..
4	Turned me on to Sweet Potato Fries!! SOOOO good
5	Returned after a long time to find that the few things that I thought were less than perfect had improved beyond my wildest dreams -- JACKPOT!  Spectacular food, and a great, truly stylish and adult environment now.  Awesome improvements, I will return again soon!
1	I called to find out how much their happy hour price for beer was.  She didn't know.  (She only works there)  She then said their half off.  Another person comes by who she asks and they didn't know either.  At this point I'm thinking....seriously, is the younger generation these days this clueless?  After being put on hold, she says 4.00.  So, normally the beers are 8.00?   I don't know, but there's too much confusion for me to give this place a try.  Good luck.
4	A friend and I went here late on friday... Loved the ambience!!  The staff was very friendly and the service prompt! Would definitely recommend...
5	I love Fez! Everytime I go I know I'll have amazing food and a great atmosphere!
4	I have gone here twice in the last year. Once for my brothers high school graduation lunch and a second time for a meeting. The food is great along with the location. The restaurant is clean and organized. I don't have much to comment about the service because I didn't pay much attention to it.
4	I used to come here all the time because I worked in an office right down the road. I loved the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich and comes with a simple but delicious side salad. I've tried the Kisra and Spicy Harissa Hummus and would recommend that as well - but as the name implies, you have to like hummus and you have to like spicy. I got the salmon once and was super annoyed I ventured to try something different because it was dry, tasteless, and close to $20. Don't get that!Overall, it's a quick and easy place for lunch and the staff is very friendly and eclectic.
4	I've always enjoyed Fez, though it's never been my first choice for dinner or drinks. The staff is friendly and the food is decent, but the menu has never grabbed my attention. Drinks could be better priced, but they're at least well made.
4	I came here after seeing all the reviews on yelp.  This place is great for drinks or a date night.  We had the lamb sliders and arroz con pollo.  I enjoyed the chicken dish a lot!
4	Yum-O! Some of my favorites are the gyro spinach salad, g-spot cocktail and the creme brulee
5	Always a great spot to chill. Fun drink menu, and those Kisras...delicious!
5	FEZ is an absolute gem! Having been here multiple times I have had their Super Garlicky Hummus, Gyro Kisra, and a chicken sandwich with a side salad. Everything that I have tasted here has been prepared beautifully and seasoned to perfection! You can tell they use fresh ingredients in their dishes as they are all flavorful. Off the drinks menu I have had the Peach Bellini and the G-Spot, both were super yummy and they definitely did not skimp on the alcohol (plus!). The staff is always extremely friendly as are the guests that come. I will keep coming back to FEZ!
2	Don't think I'll come back. The food took a long time to come out, given that I went for lunch and there were only about 6 other people in the restaurant at the time. The service was not very attentive, water and refills went unnoticed. The food was also pretty spicy, which would mean you need water and refills more than normally.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. It has a fun, contemporary atmosphere. The menu is diverse and delicious. Highly recommend the Fez burger with a pomegranate martini. Yum!
4	Burger lovers take notice best burger ever! - a delicious juicy burger on a tasty ciabatta with a lovely garlic mayo cooked exactly the way I like it - medium rare.  Fries were excellent too.  The service is top notch and a nice atmosphere.   The menu looked interesting with lots of mediterranean fare.  Definitely worth a visit.
4	I've been here twice now and it's a great place for lunch. The Fez burger was delicious but nothing impressed me more than the sweet potato fries. They are topped with Cinnamon and served with a surprisingly refreshing apricot aoli. The pizza was mediocre. I'd go for a burger or sandwich!
3	Brunch was a-ok here.  Ordered the french toast with pears and bananas with bacon.  Everything's better with bacon.  Didn't wow me but I didn't hate it.  Very trendy, modern vibe.  Had the g-spot cocktail which was quite tasty.  I'd go again, but probably ordering something different.
5	Wow this place is Nuts. But still a crazy time.
5	I went here about a month ago with a really big group of people and they were more than accommodating. Our waiter (and I really wish I could remember his name) was so enthusiastic and funny. The atmosphere was pretty hip and modern.I ordered the Douxelle Burger with their house wine and had their salt and pepper fries. The burger was huge and had so much flavor. Double the points for having lettuce wrap options for the burgers since I have celiac disease and can't have the bun. The fries were perfect. The perfect combination of crunch and salt and pepper. Their house wine was amazing. My date, who's not a big fan of wine, was actually impressed on how delicious it was.The only negative things I could possibly say is that it took a while for us to get our drinks. However, we were a large group on a Saturday night. Overall, FEZ is a great culinary experience that I will definitely go back and experience again.
5	Love the food and the service.  I highly recommend if you are looking for a unique, healthy and flavorful alternative.
4	Yes I am a FAN!I'm in town for a day of two on business and i found this close to our hotel.I read a couple reviews and it said this place was a dive bar. but this is no where near a dive bar. First of all it has a great full bar, with a huge martini list and drink specials. The bartenders are friendly as ever. I took a couple pictures of the appetizer that turned into a meal!Its the Lamb Sliders, $12.50 (appetizer) Kinda pricey, but since they turned into the meal, I was glad to pay that. I also wanted something else to go light, so I had a FEZ salad which was $6.50. Perfect size! and tasted just like I wanted it to, not too heavy and not to light. If you are around the area this is a great place for lunch or dinner. have a couple drinks too they aren't bad. - Sean
4	Delicious food and fun atmosphere.
4	Can't remember what kind of burger I had here but I remember it being amazing. Drinks and desert were really good to. They have specials late night which is always a bonus.
5	Came here with a good friend for lunch. She had a burger and a beer, I had the salmon with roasted veggies. The atmosphere is always amazing. This was her first time. It was a little hard for her to find, but other than that she had a good experience. The am always impressed with the food and the restrooms are always clean. $50 with tip, kinda steep for lunch, but we both had alcohol with our food. Then again, I haven't seen her in a year, so it was worth it. I will continue to come here and introduce new people to it. One of my favorite spots!
4	Find out what the "monthly special" is and order that. I think it's $8, and you'll get something wonderful. I've had an heirloom BLT salad; braised pork shoulder with wild mushroom risotto; chicken parm that tasted just like Grandmas. I would give this place 5 stars, but they really need a menu update. Too many burgers- but the burgers are great. Mondays are "Margarita Mondays" and the apricot is truly unique and makes me want to be a full time alcoholic.
5	Awesome restaurant!
4	Love this place.    Great burgers.   Swanky vibe
5	Oh my gosh, the BEST hummus EVER. So garlicky and delicious; it's essentially an orgasm for your taste buds!!  Exceptional cocktails, too, and the rest of the food is outstanding. Everything is very fresh, creative, and delicious. Atmosphere is hip, modern, and friendly. Always fantastic service. It is a must-visit place whether or not you go for food, or just drinks, or BOTH!
3	I want to like this place but the service has always held me back. To be fair, the food has always been very good. I like the menu and the variety. But for some reason, I have yet to have anything better than almost average service. There is a lot room for improvement when it comes to accurate, friendly, and prompt service.
5	On every visit, i walk away saying that was the best I've ever had!   You can't go wrong no matter what you select from their menu!   I'm particularly partial to the Arroz con Pollo though & it's only $6 every Monday...a must try!
4	I've been going to this place for several years now. The food is GREAT! Try the HUMMUS. The spicy hummus is amazing. The kisras are great as well. I always get the apricot margarita. The atmosphere is great. I love the bar and the lounge area. It's a great spot to hang out. Their patio is nice as well. You will not be disappointed if you go here. It's one of the best spots in phoenix! The only downside to this place is the service sometimes. I've had a few occasions where the wait time was excessive. I worked as a waitress for four years, so I understand the job. There is no excuse for drinks to take 15 minutes to come to your table. I also went here for my birthday this year and was very disappointed with the service as well. The waiter told us that the gratuity wasn't included in the bill, and it was. Even though I told him of his mistake, when I noticed it, I still gave him an extra tip. Some people might have been offended by that however. Whenever I go here, I make sure I have the extra time just in case we get some bad service. Even though I have had a couple negative experiences, I still go back because of the wonderful atmosphere and food. As long as you are with good company, this is a wonderful place. The music and decor are fantastic, as well.
5	What a nice little surprise in the downtown Phoenix area. I came with a group of 6 of us during the last day of our training phase. The atmosphere was fairly charming but the food is why I will return.I ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich and our group ordered each of the four types of fries, and I was able to sample them all. The sandwich was excellent, much better than anticipated. My favorite fries were the cinnamon brushed sweet potato fries. The service... well, to be honest, I was too wrapped up in the food to notice but obviously it wasn't lacking enough for me to complain.Highly recommend!
5	What's not to love about this place? The food is amazing the staff is supper friendly and the atmosphere is perfect . I started off just going here for dinner and drinks . But last week I tried their brunch and oh my it was the best brunch I have ate. If you haven't ate here it's highly recommended
4	FEZ is a restaurant that has great food. I've been to FEZ a couple of times and thoroughly enjoyed my food there. One of my favorites on the menu is the arroz con pollo and the lamb curry. The arroz con polo has the right amount of spice and is delicious. Another good thing about FEZ is their cocktails; most of them are vodka based, have quirky names, and are reasonably priced. The restaurant has a very modern look and is not very big.Another must try at FEZ are the lamb sliders. These sliders are juicy, tender and downright delicious when ingested with the accompanying mint sauce and pita bread. Ultimately, FEZ is restaurant that serves great food and good drinks.
5	This is my favorite restaurant for casual dining. Great prices on food. I come here at least once a week or  more because since I started coming there hasn't been a day I don't crave their FEZ salad with chicken or FEZ burger with Harissa fries and aioli sauce. I have brought everyone I know here and they all have become addicted to their food. The staff is amazing and the service is great. FEZ  is a must for brunch, lunch and dinner.
4	LOVE this place for its Mediterranean-influenced food.Try a kisra, which is essentially a flatbread pizza. I love the gyro kisra---the gyro meat is flavorful and juicy; the bread is herb-y and delicious; and the salad that comes on top is really lemony and refreshing.
5	This place is incredible. I got the Eggs Benedict Sunday morning and it was one of the best meals I've had so far in Phoenix. They do it on french bread with a side of roasted potatoes and greens. They top the eggs benedict with roasted tomatoes for a really unique taste. I eat eggs benedict everywhere and this is definitely at the top of my list. If I lived closer I'd go to FEZ every weekend.
4	Seriously good food, but the wait staff is a bit slow both in taking orders and in checking back in. I've been both on busy nights and slow days and both were the same, lots of time spent waiting to order and then get the order. However, the decorating and ambience are very nice and, as I said, the food is excellent. I've tried their Strawberry Blueberry Cashew salad which is amazing, the FEZ burger which is equally amazing and a myriad of other things as well. All of the food is amazing, but if you go, be prepared to flag down a wait person when you need something because they likely won't notice until you've been waiting for a while otherwise.
4	Trendy and fun spot to eat and drink. Everything is so good at Fez for any time of the day. I was pretty surprised by how differently delicious the salads were...I mean, come on, when are salads ever worth paying for at a restaurant. Definitely worth it here. They always have great daily drink specials, and the waiters have always been amazing.
5	I crave the Casablanca sandwich (chicken, goat cheese, cranberry sauce, magic, and unicorn hair) regularly!! That and their 4 (yes four!!) types of fries! You can get any large basket of fries with two types so just do yourself a favor and get two large baskets, all four in there. The FEZ burger will also never lead you astray along with te black bean!On top of the delicious food, their kitchen is open way later than most, and the servers ooze love and peace and happiness. I went with a giant group on first Fridays and they were more than accommodating and even split all our checks!! I love fez!!
4	I dream about the FEZ burger! Over all I really enjoy this place and it's priced well for what you recieve. The only drawback is sometime the service could be better which is why they get 4/5 stars, but don't it deter you from their tasty food.
5	Hands down my favorite casual brunch or date night spot! The Fez burger with garlic rosemary fries is amazing!!! My drink of choice is the g spot. I'm there so often that a few waiters know my order by heart. Trust me, you won't go wrong with Fez! If you see me there stop over and say hi!
5	Came in for lunch with my aunt around 3pm, it was a bit empty but to be expected since we missed the rush and it was before happy hour. Ordered the pesto ceasar with Chicken which is my absolute favorite, I also wanted a sangria and although it wasn't on the menu our waitress said she'd ask the bartender and they made us the drink!The food was awesome and the service was great too! our waitress was such a sweetheart and really tried to make our experience pleasant. I can't wait for the new location to open on Central (where Portland's used to be) because it'll be a bit closer and it's supposed to be bigger too!I also like going to Switch, the food is always good and I like their staff. Keep doing what your doing! it obviously works :)
5	Love the atmosphere. GREAT waiters a waitresses. They love to talk to you and they are so friendly. The drinks and drink specials to amazing as well. Holla Tini Tuesday!!!!!!
1	This place has a great 2002 vibe. Unfortunately, it's over a decade later. Food was okay. Service was pretentious. Music was sad. Overall, update or die, guys.
5	Very cool atmosphere, drink menu, and unique food menu. I had the FEZ salad which was excellent (really one of the best salads I've ever had) and the lamb sliders which were also very good. Highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix.
5	I absolutely love this place!  Their food is delicious and their happy hour is always a lot of fun!
5	My friend and I are traveling from Minnesota and had a recommendation to come eat here. She ordered the FEZ burger and was absolutely in love. The spicy harrisa fries on the side were crisp on the outside and fluffy inside with a great flavor.  And the burger-Amazing. A toasted ciabatta bun with a half pound Angus beef burger with deliciousness.  Spicy honey molasses barbecue, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aolie, crispy onions, and cilantro. So yummy. I ordered the arroz con pollo, Extra spicy.  I was blown away with this dish. Saffron rice, veggies, tender and succulent chicken chunks, with a half avocado on the side. (totally worth it!)  Service was friendly and prompt.  Lyndsey was wonderful. They also have drink specials that look amazing.  If you're in Phoenix and looking for lunch, go here. You'll be happy you did.
5	Lyndsey is the BEST! Ask for her asap! The place is very modern and very welcoming to the gay community ;) the service is great the people are very nice and the drinks are amazing! Definite place to come and have dinner lunch or breakfast!
5	I'm in love. Love. Love. Love. Bruscetta Bleu cheese goat cheese pistachio love. Yay. Oh,  I may have had a $4 mimosa or two... or three. Did I mention that I was in love with this place???
4	The FEZ Burger is out of this world good.  Awesome showcase of flavors, very fun modern burger
5	Blue cheese balsamic burger is delicious. The rosemary garlic fries are amazing. Great atmosphere and drink specials.
4	We were undecided on where to go for lunch so we flipped a coin and FEZ was the winner. We were not disappointed - the food, ambience and service was great! The happy hour was still on so we got $4 drinks. Drinks weren't special but the food was really good. Recommend trying the lamb sliders and the two kinds of hummus. I'm not really a dessert person (so granted I haven't eaten too many) but the tutti frutti was the best dessert I've eaten in all of 2014!
5	After spending 3 hours at Last Chance, my dad and I definitely needed some sustenance. FEZ was fantastic! We both loved the Gyro Pita, which has now become our favorite gyro over the one we had in Washington DC after a long, cold, hungry day (so that's definitely saying something). The place had a cool vibe and was pretty busy at 3 on a Thursday afternoon if that tells you anything. This is another Pheonix must, that's for sure!
4	The veggie bean burger here is delicious! The spicy  fries are pretty yummy as well. The only drawback is that this place does get pricey at times. I have easily spent 14 dollars on a salad here before. Though, the food is that good that I keep coming back.
5	WOW this place is AMAZING! I ordered the FEZ burger and it was very good. The sweet potato fries w/ parmesan garlic was yum, although a bit too salty for me. I thought all the salt was parmesan, so I kept putting all the "parmesan" on top of every fry I had until I was almost finished with it..yeah don't ask how that happened. I don't know either.The burger was good, I really liked the green sauce they had in it. What amazed me was what my boyfriend got. He got the special they had, lamb something with vegetables and mashed potatoes. I didn't like lamb until the night I had FEZ. It was SO delicious! I wanted to eat that instead but someone got mad that I kept digging in....FEZ also has a great dessert selection. I saw they had mascarpone cheesecake and just had to get one. Ever since I got one in San Francisco, I've been trying to find a place that had mascarpone cheesecake here in AZ. If any of you read this and knows of a another place, let me know!! But the cheesecake...mmmm...it was seriously heaven in my mouth. I love how thick the crust was! Service was good as well. I love the ambiance of this place, perfect for date night. I can't believe I waited so long to try this place.
4	Great burger! A tad too pricey for lunch. I like the vibe of this place. It would be great for happy hour or brunch, both of which they offer (I think). Service was slow but we were a table of 8 or 9.
4	Amazing experience, atmosphere, food. Super attentive waitress, awesome specials and fresh food!!! New found Favorite!
4	Excellent burgers, very friendly staff and good service. Great atmosphere as well.
4	Order the G-Spot. That is all. If you like grapefruit, you'll love this.Good food, friendly staff, pretty place.A little pricey, but not out-of-hand.
5	Sitting here at the restaurant... Stuffed and perfectly buzzed :) their margaritas are dangerously fun. I have so far enjoyed the pomegranate and the mango... I think I stop here... Hubby and I got the lamb sliders... Think open, flat bread with lamb burger. Not too lamby. Perfection. I got the FEZ burger. Hubby got the bleu cheese burger. Both are full of flavor and nearly orgasmic :) cinnamon sweet potato fries are addicting. We're waiting for our dessert... I'm excited! Totally awesome experience!.... Update.... Stuffed our faces even more with a slice of hazelnut cheesecake.... To die for. Perfect amount of richness. I haven't been this excited about a meal in a long while. ...
