5	What a great company!The office staff was friendly and helpful. I believe the girls name was Nicole that I spoke to. She was polite and got me on the schedule right away. Even when I had to reschedule at the last minute, Thom (the owner) was accomodating to my needs. I don't remember the technician's name that came to my home, but he explained everything to me as he was performing the work. He answered all my questions. I was also pleased with the pricing...they didn't have a trip charge like the other electricians I checked out. TAP and Sons is an all-around fantastic company that I will be using exclusively from here on out for all my electrical needs!!
5	We had an issue with a dining room light fixture. We had scheduled an appointment, but due to conflicts had to reschedule. They were very flexible and considerate. They called us about 15 minutes ahead of our rescheduled appointment time to let us know they were on the way. They  were on time. They took care of it very quickly and was priced very very reasonably. They did recognize a couple of other  things that could lead to bigger issues and made some recommendations to fix them. Troy, our technician, was able to get us a price and schedule another appointment  to take care of it.  Troy was very personable and very helpful.  We would feel very comfortable recommending TAP Electric to anyone. Great job!Ken
5	Amazing....a true expert in their field, they knew exactly what was needed over a phone call. They showed up asap and fixed the problem asap. If you ever need electrical company to service any needs, definitely give them a call. I HIGHLY recommend them!
5	Had a mysterious electrical problem in the house the other night.  Looked on Yelp for someone I might be able to call and at least talk to after hours.  Found this business on Yelp, and gave them a call.  I decided not to have them come out on an emergency basis, so I called the next morning and was given an afternoon appointment, with Nick.  Nick called when he knew he was going to be late.  Problem was fixed quickly and at a very reasonable price, even not considering the coupon on their website.
1	This  one  star  is  meant  to  be  a  negative  one:   I   made  an  appointment  with this  company  and  they  gave  me  a  3  hour  window.  Drove  to  the  property,  waited  for  over  4  hours,  nobody  showed  up,  nobody  even  called  to  explain  why  or  to  apologize.  This  company  sucks.
2	Booked to inspect and repair some electrical issues. When I requested someone to come back because one light was still not working, I didn't get a response. Since that time, the other supposed fixes are not repaired.
5	Nick Patock is a wonderful service tech.  On time, polite, quick and clean.  Very fair prices for the work ordered.  Some of the other tradesmen should learn how to be as professional as he is.
1	I called TAP for an estimate on hanging 3 pendant lights over a kitchen island, a chandelier, and install 2 timer switches.  The price I was quoted for the pendants was $650 which at that point I told them I had another bid for the entire job at $200.  I obviously didn't use them so while they might do great work I suggest you shop around first.  I wouldn't have bothered reviewing if it was even close, but given how high they were I wanted to give new customers a heads up.  Good luck.
5	Raul came to my house and was both very knowledgeable and friendly. The work was completed in a timely manner and no mess was left behind. I would highly recommend him and this company.
