5	I live in chicago and today, after a night of liver destruction...I was forced to order chinese food.  I have lived here for a year and have not found THE CHINESE place.  Mr. Chao's Asian Bistro has ruined me for life. By far the best chinese food I have ever had in all of my 34 years. I love it so much that I had it as my last meal before I relocated to Chicago.  The veggies are crisp and fresh and the flavors POW, BANG,ZOOM in your mouth.  I should also mention that it is a chinese food restaurant that you actually want to eat in and not just pick up or get delivery.  Great atmosphere, i use to take friends there all the time.  I have a friend here in Chicago that visited me while I lived there and she actually just said to me the other day " i wish i had some mr chaos" .I miss you Mr Chaos.
5	This has been my family's Chinese restaurant of choice for years! Great food. Great service. Never been disappointed!Price maybe slightly on the not-so-cheap side, but I think Chinese food in general isn't as cheap as it used to be. Still wonderful. Definitely check this place out.
3	No, not impressed. Quite expensive too. Good thing it was not greasy, bad thing it was not interesting. Probably aint gonna come back.
5	I need Mr Chaos to leave Ahwatukee and come move in next to me - seriously, there's available property and everything.We got takeout from here and it was sooo tasty.  Generous portions, so we were all able to sample a little of everything.  Their crab puffs were excellent, and perfectly crispy on the outside.  I can't wait for an excuse to go get another dinner from here!
5	Holy crap this place is good! I can't believe I've driven past it 89 times and went, "Meh, not just yet."The people working there are super friendly, and you can tell they have a lot of regulars. The decor is spotless and tasteful.The food. Mmm boy. Yes they have most of the "typical" food found at a Chinese restaurant, but guess what? It doesn't taste like they got it frozen off the back of a Chinese delivery truck like at other places. Really fresh, nicely prepared and presented, and delicious. I've ordered kung pow chicken at probably in the neighborhood of 50 restaurants, and this was easily the best. They also have specials written on the wall that look like unique and delicious creations, like spicy eggplant with prawns. I went with my standby meal to start, but I'll surely try something new next time.
5	I searched hi and lo and had only been able to make good on the very lo with regards to good Chinese food in the Valley.  I am VERY picky and I rate most Chinese food places based on the thickness of the membrane of their won-ton soup and the colour of their fried rice.  Having passed my non doughy and not yellow test ( yup people, some places give you frozen dumplings versus fresh and yellow "Spanish Rice" in a Chinese restaurant), I was able to look into the quality of their other food items.When you can deliver Mei Fun Singapore style noodles perfectly seasoned with no greasy residue, I feel you deserve that illusive fifth star.  Service was pleasant and there was a lot of foot traffic for take away items.  I also note that they offered iced Thai tea with cream.  My buddy got a plate of broccoli, tofu, and a wonderful  Kun Pao sauce.  Sorry, but I think he created it himself and they make everything to order just for food snobs such as we.Hmmmm.  I am getting hungry. I think  I will go  there now.  Wonder if I should get their pepper steak.
3	This place is pretty good from the dishes I tried, but I was clearly not as impressed as other people.  I suppose I was expecting more for the price point of this place, but it is certainly good food.  I had their orange beef, and also had a couple bites of their Lo Mein.The orange beef sauce was delicious, and a slightly different take on it than I have ever had before, but the meat itself is the typcal frozen, thawed, and deep fried meat that I have come to expect from mediocre takeout places (Or at least it tasted like it if it wasn't).  The rice served with it was perfectly cooked, and the portion was extremely filling.From the bites I had of the Lo Mein however, it tasted exactly like the Lo Mein from Magic Wok.  That is not to say it was bad, Magic Wok is still probably the best chinese you can get for the $5 - $10 price range, and they deliver!  I was expecting it to have a distinctive taste, or at least fresher ingredients for the around $20 price point.Overall not a bad meal, well cooked, and good service if you dine-in.  The quality/freshness of their ingredients do not match their price point if you ask me though.
5	We were looking for some Chinese and finally found it!!! This is best Chinese Restaurant in town by far, if you like this type of food you don't hesitate and try it!I try several around the neighborhood and nothing compares!So... Welcome Chinese food again
3	Good, fresh chinese food, a little pricey.There are two types of chinese food. Cheap, greasy, satisfying chinese food in a questionable joint. And upscale atmospheric chinese food that aspires to captivate the same audiences that enjoy places like P.F Chengs. This would be the latter: an awhatukee hole in the wall version of P.F chengs. Very clean restaurant, nice atmosphere, and good service. You can tell their motif is such that they cater to the tukee types with a little more coin in hand :/. This is the kind of place you'll find a lot of older families, or much older groups of friends dining together in. Both the orange chicken, and the almond chicken were good, and were made barring on the side of caution when it comes to grease. They were big portions (for $8), with big fresh peices of white meat, fresh vegetables, and no MSG. There is no chance of this meal offending a pickier type with grease, textures, or flavors (which makes it less interesting in my opinion).Both dishes were good, but nothing amazing from the 2 dishes I tried. The green tea ice cream was good, but I've had better green tea ice cream :/ . their version was a little too heavy with cream, and could have used some fruit, or something creative to go with the ice cream. The only other dessert option was another flavor of ice cream.The service was great, very polite and friendly waiters.
3	Hit or miss, hence the 3 stars.  I've had meals there that make me feel that they warrant the "Best Chinese Food in Ahwatukee" title, and others that make me a little down that they couldn't be better.  This is one of those places where the waitstaff can switch from attentive to awkward, really positively or negatively affecting the meal.  I wish I could just objectively review the food for any restaurant, but if you forget my drink and to take my order while working the rest of the room (and I'm talking to you, Mr. Chao), then anything I eat afterwards is just not going to seem as good.On a good night...I've had some of the yummiest potstickers I've ever had in Arizona (and beyond) - delicately flavored with the perfect amount of ginger and seared on the bottoms, I could have eaten 20 by myself.  Sesame Chicken is all white meat, crispy and perfectly sauced without being cloyingly sweet.  Mongolian Beef is tender and savory, over a crisp bed of noodles that add a great texture counterpoint.  Combination fried rice passed Mitch G's (and my) yellow rice test - large shrimp, tender beef and chicken, and the perfect amount of egg and diced veggies - I would eat a plate of just this easily and be a happy duck.On a bad night...hot and sour soup touted as "One of the best in the area" was WAY too sour, oddly flavored, and full of huge chunks of semi-raw celery.  My husband took one bite and pushed it away, which left me struggling eating nasty soup for 4 people.  Beef with String Beans was overcooked, oversauced and tasted of Chinese 5-Spice powder more than anything else.  Huge disappointment.  Pomegranate martini was overly sweet, not at all strong, and a waste of a martini glass.The decor is elegant, but a bit of a laugh.  They're trying to be modern, and while I love the specials written on the tile wall in the back of the place, the framed photos of salad greens is comical at best.  Just what I want to gaze at in a Chinese restaurant - chopped romaine.I'm going to give Mr. Chao's another try because they are indeed ahead of the pack of other Chinese restaurants in the area, but there are some serious kinks in terms of reliability and consistency that need to be worked out.
2	Very disappointing. Not traditional Chinese food. Not worth the money.
4	We are always looking for good Chinese food and I can't believe never tried Mr. Chao's in our own backyard.  We read about it in the Ahwatukee Foothills News "best of Ahwatukee".    We loved the Crab Puffs, Sesame Chicken and Broccoli and Beef.  We liked it so much we went on Friday and Saturday.  Service on Friday was great, Saturday it was packed and the service was a little off (thus 4 not 5 stars).We'll be back, we can't wait to try new items.
4	Yummy Chinese food.  I love the eggplant dish.  Good for dining in or take-out.
4	We tried Mr Chao's Asian Bistro last night. It's a small place and they do a lot of take-out orders. The quirky interior works fine for me. My wife thought the single gourami looked kind of sad in the small, flat tank on the wall. They have a bar and a decent selection of wine for a small restaurant. I tried one of the specials, the Hunan Smoked Pork. It was basically kind of like bacon stir-fried with fresh vegetables with a spicy Hunan black bean sauce. I love bacon and I really liked this dish. My wife had prawns w/vegetables, we liked the freshness of the vegetables and generous amount of prawns but overall the dish was slightly bland. She liked it but thought that it would have been better with the lobster sauce. We were mixed on the iced tea, my wife felt it was too strong but I thought it was fine. Overall, Mr Chao's is a fine choice in Ahwatukee for Americanized Chinese food. It is a bit pricier than our usual stop, Panda Garden, but a nice alternative.
3	I ordered sweet and sour chicken along with sasame chicken to go. . The food was alright but nothing to brag about.The crab puffs were pretty good. Spent over $33 for those three items. I expected more for the price.
2	May be Good for Dine in, but don't bother on take out!! 2 entree's with NO extras was $24 and the main dishes were DRY and not spicy (one was supposed to be a SPICY dish). So I will go down the street a bit and get a Better, Cheaper Meal next time for take out!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Good standard Chinese food with a little Thai thrown in.  A little expensive if you are thinking of Chinese take out prices, but the food was good and so was the service.  I will be back.
1	Oh Mr. Chao...you really let me down.I decided to order from here on a very important day. I was sick.When i'm sick I want spicy, hot, asian food. It's what i crave, it's what i need.Knowing that Panda Express just wasn't going to cut it for this craving, i went to my fellow yelpers for advice. I knew i wanted realllllly good Chinese good, i didn't care how much it cost. When i'm sick, i want what i want, and nothing else matters. However, i needed a place that delivered or i could go and pick up ASAP and Mr. Chao's was it!I ordered:*Extra Spicy BBQ Pork Fried Rice*Beef & Broccoli (boyfriend)*Steamed Rice (b/f)* General Tso's Chicken-extra spicyThe rice was overcooked. done, done, and done again. The rice kernels were almost stale tasting, just looking at the pork made me sick, and I'm pretty sure i said extra spicy...and there was none. Very blandBeef & Broccoli was surprisingly good--but it wasn't mine, so boo hoo, moving onSteamed rice--average...but how could you screw this up?General's Chk--Much like the rice actually. WAY overcooked. The chicken was extremely dry, and the breading had been BURNED. Also, where the heck was the extra spice i asked for? And lastly, did i order chicken strips? boneless wings? because i got chicken tenders, not chunks. **I would also like to mention, there was NO language barrier that would cause the mess-up of my order. Unless you consider high school kids to have a different language than us adults--which is entirely possible**$40 and few dollar tip later, most of it ended in the trashcan, and i ate toast instead.I won't be back
5	I have been frequenting this restaurant since 2004. This is the finest Chinese food establishment you'll find in the greater Phoenix area. I would highly recommend Chaos Chicken (spicy), sesame chicken or the sweet and sour chicken, which is my wife's favorite. If you're in the mood for quality Chinese you've found it.
5	We went to Mr Chao's Friday night to get away from the Wild Horse Pass Resort for a while.  The food is fantastic!  We loved it so much that we went back on Saturday after a full day of golf.  We were told the owner cooks all of the food, try the dumplings.  This is a hidden jewel....
5	Call ahead and order their WONDERFUL lobster special. A subtle plum wine/tomato sauce scents the fresh New England lobster, cooked on a bed of noodles. If you love lobster, this is for you!
5	In the Oakland Bay Area Mr. Chao's is synonymous with a Chinese fast food where everything tastes the same.In Phoenix AZ, it's synonymous with fantastically delicious quality food.This is a "bistro" located in a strip mall (nothing new for Arizona) that has wonderful mood lighting that is warm and inviting.The service is friendly and knowledgeable.The food is awesome.  General Tso's Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Szechwan String Beans with Chicken and combination fried rice are so very good.  No questionable meat here.  Wonderful spices.  The Chinese Chicken salad has a bite to it that will keep you going back for more and more.This place is a wonderful go-to for authentic Chinese food that will satisfy all the time.
4	The wait staff were very friendly and attentive.  Food was delicious.  I will be revisiting soon!
1	Don't waste your time or money.  The service is poor and the food is below average, nothing to write home about.  The restaurant is also very small.
1	3rd time we've tried - 3x bad. We paid $114.77 family of 6. Pork pot-stickers undercooked. One bite & threw out. All chicken - low quality dark meat w/ grizzle. Ate few pieces of chicken, couldn't stomach. 4 hours later woke w/ extreme nausea & began vomiting - persisted 18 hours. Don't eat here.
5	This food was amazing. The freshest Chinese food I've tasted. Wonderful. I don't live close but I'll find a reason to drive by again and again! Enjoy!
4	Truly fantastic and creative menu!  The Basil Chicken and Beef with Tomatoes represent the best Asian dishes that Ahwatukee has to offer.  The food and service is consistently wonderful!
5	We had the pot stickers, cashew chicken, mongolian beef, and the sweet & sour chicken.  The food was awesome!!!  Freshly made, hot and delicious.  Would definitely recommend it to a friend.
5	I think that this is the best Chinese in the area and I came one time before and they messed up on my to go order but they squared it up next time, they are a good fresh place to go with honest family. Thanks
2	Mr. Chao's used to be a favorite of ours, but we hadn't been there in a several months. We noticed a new menu with new items and slightly higher prices, so we were wondering if there was an ownership change or just a need to rein in costs.Ordered the hot and sour soup which was very good, if a touch too vinegary (my wife thought it was perfect). We also ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Mongolian Beef and that's where the problems came in. The sauces and flavors were outstanding as usual, but the quality of the meat was very poor. The chicken was all fatty dark meat and the beef was also fatty and too chewy. I had to spit out several pieces.Also, the proportions of meat to vegetables was much too small, as if the restaurant wanted to fill our plates with cheaper veggies. (The Mongolian Beef should have been called Mongolian Onion.)I know it's a tough economy and appreciate the need to cut costs. But customers are also cutting expenses, so we'll avoid Chao's until they improve the quality.
5	The wonton soup is to die for! Me and my girlfriend can't get enough of it! We also love the sesame chicken! It's so good! We are going to start trying more entrees in our next upcoming visits, and from the looks of other patrons tables they look delicious as well!The inside seating is very nice and/or you can order for pick up!
5	Great food and great service. Wish they were open a little later especially on weekends. But always a great experience whether fine in or carry out. Hot and Sour Soup is one of the best.
4	Authentic Asian food.   Not the greasy, glazed over Chinese food that most Asian restaurants here in PHX serve.   These dishes are homemade and authentic and are really, really good.  Beef and broccoli is just how my mom makes it.  The green curry noodles are a delicate dish to make and can often times be watery if you don't know what you're doing.  This was done very, very well.  One of the best places for Asian in PHX.
3	Food was good, but for the price i expected a little more. I ordered for takeout.  It tasted much the same as any other Chinese restaurant too me.  They didn't have any kid sized meals, so I had to pay the full-sized $12.95 just to get my daughter her teriyaki chicken, which is sort of dumb.I probably won't go back just because I think I can get the food I want elsewhere for less. I will say it was clean and nicely decorated, so if you want to dine in then it would be worth it.
1	We ordered out some veg. food.  Sorry, not good at all.  Quite bland, watery, dishes. Egg rolls were more spring rolls with thin deep fried paper wrap.   Our go to place is Yao's in Chandler, but we need one closer to home.  Will keep looking.
5	Excellent food and portions...try the Spicy Wonton appetizer!  I have enjoyed every dish I have had here.
5	Outstanding food at Mr. Chao's. Best Chinese restaurant in Ahwatukee. Wonderful place for a night out with friends, or for dinner out with the kiddos.  Highly recommend the spicy peanut wontons, Mr. Chao's house chicken, sesame chicken... Well, pretty much everything I've had here has been incredible. A real gem!
5	The food and service are wonderful!  And if u don't have time to stay, they have quick take-out.
2	Pros: chicken was all white meat chicken, staff was very friendly, convenient locationCons: food was just okay, prices were very expensiveI just moved to Phoenix recently and based on yelp and local recommendations decided to try Mr. Chao's.  We got our usual Chinese food order of orange chicken, sweet & sour chicken, small plain lo mein and two egg rolls.  At other Chinese places, this is usually less than $20.  At Mr. Chao's it was $34!  On top of that the food was just okay, I've had better orange chicken and sweet & sour chicken at other places.  Even though the service was good, because of the price and quality of the food, I won't be going back.
