2	The place was fairly busy and we had to get our jewelry inspected. I'm not kidding, when I say we waited 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. There was a few ladies behind the counter and they just didn't seem to pay attention and avoided eye contact. Finally a lady finished up with a customer and came over and she gave us her undivided attention and wanted us to be satisfied with the service. I wish all the other ladies in the store were like her. I think her name was Shannon.
1	The staff was fairly nice, but they either are extremely misinformed on what they are selling(this is the benefit of the doubt side of it). Or they are liars to make a sale. I was quoted a higher color/clarity in the diamond engagement ring I bought my fiance than it actually was, the clarity was bottom of the barrel actually. We decided to go to Shane Co after feeling taken advantage of, upon looking at the ring under a 10x magnification tool used by jewelers I was almost disgusted that I bought such a ring. The whole diamond was a foggy cloud with tons of imperfections throughout, I felt like an idiot. We then looked at a diamond of the quality I was told I was purchasing from Zales and it was 100x clearer and much more beautiful. We left Shane Co paying 500 more for a ring from there, and it was certified, appraised, and the lifetime warranty was free. not 200 like Zales was trying to have me pay. I left Shane straight to Zales to make my return. Don't go to mall jewelry stores, you will pay a ridiculously inflated price and be pushed around by commissioned sales people
5	I love Zales and all of the girls that have been there a long time. No pressure and actually help you find a better deal.  Have purchased a few items there and each time it has been no pressure. It is a busy store but well worth the wait!
1	This place is horrible, I was assisted by one employee and she was more interested in signing me up for a credit card then actually helping me. Every time I asked to see a ring she would make a comment about how I needed to get something more expensive and not so cheap. She didn't listen to anything I asked for. On top of all that she kept whispering about giving my different amounts of discounts while looking over her shoulder. Very weird!
1	I got my engagement ring sized and this happened. I received a ring that was a lot thinner and sharp. Now I have small cuts and extremely dry skin which I didn't have before. Sad face!
1	I only gave one start because there isn't a "no star" option. This particular Zales is lacking in customer service big time. If a lady named Hope is helping you... RUN! I wouldn't even recommend my worst enemy to shop at this store.
1	Just got my brand new ring back today from being resized and it is now missing a diamond and is dirty. Poor customer service. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my ring and noticed and had to wait another 30 minutes to get it sent back in. 'Hope' the customer service person tried to give me a different ring  size 7 (not my size). The whole reason I came to this location is to get it resized for a smaller size. Why would I take a bigger ring?!! Not satisfied and I would never recommend Zales to my family or friends.
1	Horrible customer service at the Arrowhead location!  Every time I go into this place it takes far too long and employees are rude.  There is no organization and I have witnessed customers being helped completely out of order....leaving others to wait longer.  Seriously they need to get their act together and hire some employees that have an IQ above mental retardation.  Don't take your business here!
