5	So happy Naked Pizza chose Goodyear. I am reviewing the food and service, not parking! The Pizza was excellent, the delivery service was super-fast. The crust (Original) was unique and very tasty. The sauce was very natural tasting. The toppings tasted fresh and unfrozen. To compare the price and style of this Pizza to Domino's, Pizza Hut or any of the big guys is unfair. The bottom line is this: If you don't care at all what you shove down your throat get Domino's or Papa Johns! Yes they are cheaper, but there is a reason. Kraft Macaroni and Cheese which is hardly even real food is cheaper than a fresh wild-caught salmon for example. The bottom line is this: If you want a tasty, fast, and best of all healthy pizza, get Naked. If you don't care about what you put in your body, get the big guys and keep eating HFCS, Sugar, Salt, and Fat! Did you know some pizza places have more than your entire daily value of sodium in just 1 or 2 slices of their pizza? Their pizza might be cheaper, but paying for your heart attack or stroke will most certainly eat up any savings!
5	I love getting Naked.....Naked Pizza, that is!  Thrilled to have this healthy option in the neighborhood.   Have tried 5 varieties of their pizza so far, and favorite combo is jalapeno, red pepper, spinach, sun dried tomato, red sauce on regular crust.  I highly recommend the cheese sticks with red dipping sauce, which is high on pure tomato flavor and low on sodium.  Ordering online is convenient and delivery time exceeded my expectations, especially for a Friday night.  Don't expect this to be like the other guys, this is a unique pizza concept for those who care about what they eat.  Bon Appetit!
2	Pizza is ok, but not worth the price. We tried both the small omnivore pizza and the Pima pizza.  I thought the pizza crust was grainy and a little mushy for my taste. Also,Pizza did not have enough sauce, in my opinion.  I liked the omnivore over the Pima which tasted like store bought pizza.Not too excited about the store design either since it does not allow for inside sitting.  Outside sitting is ok in the winter but the other half of the year, the arizona summer's are not inviting to outside sitting. To me this seems like a critical flaw for this location.
5	Holy best pizza I've ever had, Batman! I was curious about this place...probably because I've been bombarded by Naked advertising for the past year or so. I was a bit wary about the price, but I understand that I get what I pay for...blah blah blah. I read their spiel about the all-natural ingredients and how their quality compares to the big chains. I'm still a major skeptic and require proof of all things before I believe anything. So, we ordered our pizzas today at 5pm. They arrived at 5:22. No, I'm not exaggerating. I was blown away. Not only do they have pizza ovens that defy the laws of physics, they own transporters that beam them to your front door a la Captain Kirk. All I know is if my kids are playing outside when I order from there, I'll be sure to bring them in within 15 minutes so they don't get plowed over by the delivery guy's car. (No, I don't think this is a plus but, damn, they were fast. I just wish they could be fast and safe!)Aaaaaaaaaaanyway, when I opened the box, I have to admit I was disappointed. It didn't look like a 14 inch pizza. My husband whipped out his...tape measure and...what? .... Whatever. Point is, it really IS 14 inches. So, I took a bite. There were no fireworks, nor did my taste buds dance like Willy Wonka's Oompa Loompas. (I always have that picture in my head when I eat food that is just "to die for".) It was...well, it was good. It was definitely different than the pizza we usually order (Pizza Hut). I finished my first slice and went back for seconds. No sense in judging it on one piece, right? The second piece was even better than the first, and the third, well, let's just say that the more I ate, the better it tasted. I don't know why. That's just what happened. Maybe it's like Starbucks who put heroin in the coffee cup lids. You don't know why you love it. You just do, and the more you have it, the more you want it. I'm serious. Heroin in the lids. It's true. I looked it up on snopes.Back to the pizza.The bottom line is: If you want really good pizza and you don't mind paying a little more for food that is not over-processed, artery-clogging garbage, this is the place to get it. It would be nice if they threw out a coupon or two though.
5	Little pricey, but totally worth it. I received a menu on my doorstep 3 weeks ago advertising "natural" pizza. Thinking it was just going to be soylent green hippie crap, I didn't think anything of it until the mood struck me one day to order online. I was sick of being reminded on my calorie counter how completely horrible a single slice of other chain pizzas could be, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm never ordering from anywhere else again. Despite the sauce being a teensy bit bland (what could you really expect after they take away the chemicals?) this was seriously really, really great. To top it all off, they serve Jones Cream Soda. JONES. CREAM. SODA. I'm a fan forever.
3	Really, I'd like to give it a 2.5 because I'm 50/50 on this place...I love the fact that Naked Pizza offers a healthier alternative for pizza - natural ingredients, gluten free crust (if you want to pay extra and are OK with it being available only in 14" size), etc. Usually pizzas will make me feel gross afterwards simply because of all the grease, oil, bad crap in it, etc. - I don't get that feeling after eating a Naked Pizza. Also, I got 3 pizzas for me and a couple others on a Saturday night (two 10" pizzas and a 14") and we got our food within a half hour.On the other hand, it's definitely over priced, especially for what you're getting. The regular crust looks more like it should be thin crust. If you don't like the standard styles of pizzas and want to create your own masterpiece, each topping costs $1.49. I like cheeses, so a 10" with cheddar added onto it costs $7.48... plus tax... and plus delivery if you want that. Finally, and this is probably because the pizzas are supposed to be all natural, but they're pretty bland. I'd order from them again, but it won't be that often.
4	We had 2 14 in pizzas tonight for dinner. We spent under $20 for 4 of us. The pizza was hot, the crust had a great crisp and nutty flavor. The toppings were a bit sparse, but overall the pizza tasted great and we felt better eating it than other brands. We will definitely go back soon!
4	I love pizza and this is one of the best takeouts I have ever had.  So much better than the national chains.  Ingredients are fresh and full of flavor and pizza was cooked perfectly.  Can be a little pricey when you start adding toppings, but worth it in my opinion.  Everyone is very helpful and has a great attitude.  The cook even came out to see how everything was.  The three employees that were there, all appeared to be quite young, but if the pizza stays this good, I don't care how old they are.  I think this place is going to be a hit.
5	Naked pizza?  WTF is that?  That is what I thought!  Naked pizza = all natural pizza.  The crust is made of 10 grains plus prebiotic agave fiber and probiotics.  Let's just say, the crust is GOOD and good for you.  The storefront is just counter, soda case, and order your pizza.  The menu is on the wall.  It is modern and super clean.  No tables to sit and eat inside but there are a few small tables and chairs outside.  I ordered the 14" classic with pepperoni.  The crust was so good, the cheese (is that what natural real cheese taste like?), and pepperoni (pretty good).The price is not bad for an all natural pizza that is good for you.
4	It was good. I'm not big into eating crazy healthy, (clearly, if you look at my check ins), but I love pizza and this didn't disappoint.
2	The pizza seems good for organic and wanting to eat healthier. Crust is airy and crispy. Sauce was sweet. Toppings were fresh. Give the pizza a 6 out of 10 scale since raised with NY pizza. This is not the reason I gave them a 2 star.Normally I would not care about service when eating someplace because I like to take home or hope they spend more time on their food quality.  That being said, the service is always horrible. Seems like a bunch of people who don't want to be there and obviously management has overstaffed. Pizza was cold the last couple times I went. Not going back. Go to Dysart and Mcdowell to get Sal's Tuscan Pizza. Better taste and quality in food.
4	We always have great experiences here. We used to come in to pick up the pizzas, and it was always kind of awkward (the staff was kind of awkward anyway, and the design inside is weird... tons of wasted space lol.) But other than that, no complaints. We usually just order for delivery now, and they are always on time or early, never late. Delivery people are hit or miss, sometimes very friendly or sometimes also awkward :P Or just silent... I like silent though, so that's not a negative haha.The pizza is usually delicious, depending on how busy they are. If it's a busy night, I'm sure they're just rushing through pizzas and don't do as great of a job as they should. However, usually it seems like they do a great job because the pizzas are delicious. Their thin crust is great! We've tried most of their different kinds of specialty pizzas, although sometimes it's cheaper if you just make your own with the same ingredients as they list under their specialty orders. We especially love their BBQ sauce, which sounded kind of weird at first but actually tastes amazing on a pizza. Even just a regular Pepperoni pizza here tastes better than other places! Plus, it's "healthier," organinc, and all that... But you really can taste the difference in the quality of ingredients.On that note, the prices are higher than other places. You get what you pay for though... but I must add that this place always has great deals going on. I think we only paid full price for a pizza once or twice. The rest of the time, we've been getting deals like 50% off, $10 larges with unlimited toppings, etc. You just have to watch out for the good deals! Once you factor those in, the prices are pretty great! However, paying full/regular price is ridiculous to me... they are pricey for what you get! (The large isn't all that huge, for example.)Overall, quirky name and marketing system, quirky employees, delicious food, and often discounts. 4 stars for this place.
5	A friend of mine and I were talking about this place the other night and it reminded me that I had been wanting to go for quite some time.  My husband and children LOVE pizza, for the most part I'm just meh about it.  I like weird pizzas, or pizzas with a lot of toppings, because as Rocco DiSpirito said in an episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate" (and I'm paraphrasing here) cheese pizza is a tough thing to master, the dough, the sauce, and the cheese have to be tip top the best, have to work together, or it bombs.  If one part is off, the whole thing is shit.Anyway, back to Naked Pizza.  I try to eat pretty healthy, I do veer off track sometimes, but I try to avoid high fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, all that loveliness that the food industry is trying to tell you is good for you (but isn't!)  My oldest child and I both have asthma, so we have to watch for nitrates and MSG in foods because it can aggravate it (if you have asthma and aren't watching for these things, cut them out and see how your condition improves for the most part!)  The sauce has no HFCS, the crust has no hydrogenated oils, and their meats are nitrate free.  Oh happy day!I ordered a 12" pepperoni pizza for the kiddos and a 10" superbiotic for myself, with cheesy breadstixx with basil.  There were 2 kinds of Jones soda and Sweet Leaf brand sweet tea for grabs to drink, so I got 3 bottles of sweet tea and called it good.  It was $27 for the pizzas and breadsticks, with an additional $6 for the drinks.  I'm not against this price because a) I would easily spend this at other pizza places (I don't do Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Domino's) and b) good food costs money.  They offer a military discount, which is lovely, and if you let them know it's your first time there they'll give you a 50% off coupon for your next visit.  I think this is pretty fantastic!The food took time to cook, which was nice.  The people working there were friendly and chatted freely amongst themselves and with me while I waited.  I asked questions about the food and they answered them.  They let me know the meats were nitrate free, the crust has a low glycemic index (AMAZING!  You hear that diabetics?  You can have this pizza and not have to worry about blood sugar spikes!), and they use separate cutting utensils for the meat pizzas, vegetarian pizzas, and gluten free pizzas (low risk of cross contamination AND vegetarians don't have to worry about bacon grease on their pizza!)  I mean, they're making a food I felt guilty eating seem less bad, it's almost to the point where I can say, "Hey, I'm doing something GOOD for me because I'm eating this pizza!"The pizza came and my kids rejoiced.  The pepperoni on the pizza was so teeny it was cute.  My kids called them baby pepperoni, but make no mistake, they didn't skimp on them!  There was glorious pools of tastiness in the curled up pepperoni that made me envy the metabolism of the young, but that didn't stop me from snagging a slice to try, for thoroughness of my review, of course!The cheesy breadstixx were glorious!  There was SO MUCH CHEESE on it, and the basil was so tasty.  I wasn't crazy about the dipping sauce, but my kids loved it to dip their crust in (they usually don't eat pizza crust, so score one for Naked Pizza!) The Superbiotic pizza is like the veggie special at most pizza places, with the added awesomeness of artichokes, spinach, and garlic.  There wasn't a ton of cheese on it, suffocating the veggie goodness, and those bites of artichoke hearts were fantastic.  You could taste the veggies, they weren't smothered in cheese.  Some may view this as a con, but it's a pro in my book.  Being able to taste the garlic in a pizza is important to me, I LOVE garlic, and I hate when something says there's garlic in it but you can't taste it.  Such a letdown!  The garlic shown through and was noticeable, but not overpowering.The pepperoni pizza was solid.  It wasn't completely covered in pepperoni like some places (I'm looking at you Papa John's, gross!), hiding their sauce's inadequacies behind pork fat (which in it's defense does cover up many indiscretions in cooking.)  The spices in the sauce are noticeable, the cheese isn't overpowering, and the pepperoni is slightly spicy and delicious.  The edges curled up and got crispy, which I love.I would definitely recommend Naked Pizza to friends and family.  I really enjoyed the pizza, the employees were helpful and friendly, and it wasn't too expensive, in my opinion.  I can't think of any reason to take a star away.
5	This is our to go pizza place. Love the ideology of organic, natural, good for you pizza. When going for a quick dinner, we can get gluten free for my husband and son who have gluten allergies and vegan for me. I can also guarantee that my son isn't getting all those nasty extra ingredients found everywhere else that aren't exactly healthy. Prices are ok, if you don't add everything to the pizza, it's lower then most other places. I have only found one good deal on it tho, so I'm wondering where i can get this 50% off!
5	Delicious, fresh, organic food and courteous staff make this place an awesome lunch stop!
1	1.1/5 stars - Careful, this is sort of tasty health food, but it is a far cry from pizza. If it were cheap I would go back but it's more expensive than an average pizza place so I will not be returning.
5	With all the uncertainty,in fast food.This right here;is Truly a most Def.In our constant driving schedule;will be sure to pass along your locale.
