4	I finally did it, I asked my girlfriend to marry me. Right before that, I went to Jared's. haha. Eric was great, calmed me down and though I didn't tell him what I was looking at on the Internet, I told him my price range and.. no kidding.. the first ring he pulled out was the one i was checking out online. He was very helpful and patient and didn't push a sale.
4	The people here are very knowledgeable and helpful. The quality equals their reputation and if you don't go here you feel like a total loser because everyone does if they really love their significant other. (they've really burned that in my brain with their commercials)Their warranty is outstanding as well. I highly recommend them.Robert Pfeifer
1	One star because I can't give less.I recently bought an engagement ring here. My salesbitch was Marilyn.I had an idea of the style ring I wanted, also had a strict budget in mind. After explaining to Marilyn what my stipulations were, she immediately handed me a ring about $2500.00 over what I could afford. "Get the fuck out ouf here", I thought.... "get me something else please"- She pulled out some comparable choices.. minus the Neil Lane name brand, and one of them caught my eye. "I really like this one!" I said to her.."Great! Should we sign paperwork, and take it off the shelf?" Errr!! I hate pushy sales people. I told her to hold on. This was a big chunk of change for me, and I needed a moment to collect my thoughts. I asked her to explain to me exactly what I was buying.. though I knew what I was buying.. I wanted to detour her pushiness a little for a sec to think about my decision. We went back and forth for a bit about payment options and interest. She explained that since my purchase was over 5k..  I was eligible for an 18 month 0% interest payment. This was exactly what I needed. I then asked her about trading in another ring I had bought a couple years back for the wrong person (i never gave it to her). Marilyn told me she was able to give me full trade in for it! This was now looking like a sweet deal for me.. Well looks can be deceiving. Marilyn failed to mention that the trade in took money right off the end of my purchase.. forcing me under that 5k.. and out of that 18 month no interest range. As I left though, she was still saying "that 18 month no interest will be nice".. Real deceptive. I called to set up a time for me to come in an pay my 20% down which is what I was told would qualify me for that 18 month gig. The lady on the phone said that I wasn't able to receive that deal because my purchase was under 5k.. She told me I would have one year no interest.. then 6 months stupid crazy interest. I was pissed. I asked for Marilyn. Marilyn got on the phone and said she would try and pull some strings with corporate to get me what i needed. She said she would try and get my transaction to show the trade in after I had made the purchase, and that she would call me right back.An hour later she called and said corporate wouldn't go for it.. and that I was pretty much screwed. Fuck Jared. Don't go there, and please tell all your friends. I got bamboozled. I was very careful too. Asked a ton of questions.. the whole bit, and I still got fucked. I am thinking about sitting out front in the heat with a sign reading,"Ask me why you shouldn't make your big purchase here" this Saturday.. Maybe try and get 3 on my side or something-
1	My husband had been buying me jewelry here for a few years.  They went back on their word about a return.  We were there to exchange and buy more, now they have lost our business for good.
1	Just came in with my husband for my 6 month ring inspection. It was a Monday afternoon so nobody was in there except like maybe 2 customers. We were not greeted upon entering so my husband walked up to a group of employees who were laughing and joking around to ask for help. They literally ignored him, just let him stand there looking stupid for a good 2-3 minutes. So we walked around the counter obviously looking for some help and had to practically wave our hand in the air and shout before someone would finally help us. Unbelievable customer service. Would not come to this branch if I were you. We definitely did not feel like we were worth a minute of their time.
5	Excellent Customer service from Jeff! Very polite and honest! I bought a wedding Band for me, and got the lifetime warranty. He sized the ring for me while I was waiting! He is very honest and patient!!! A pleasure doing business with!!! Thank you!!!
5	My husband brought me in here for the first time last Nov for a birthday present. I got a very nice sapphire heart necklace and matching charm bracelet. At the time a very nice Neil Lane diamond ring caught my eye, but was out of my husband's price range that night. I kept thinking about that ring for months, it was just gorgeous. I went back in March to see if they still happened to have it. I worked with an associate named Tirzah who helped me find and purchase my ring. They only had one very small size in stock, so she sent out a custom order for one to made for me so they didn't damage the integrity of the setting, since it had diamonds set down the sides. It was originally going to take up to 6 weeks to come in, but Tirzah got it rushed for me so I could wear it to my sister's wedding. Since then my husband and I have purchased a few additional pieces from Jared. Tirzah has always been there to help us. She really goes above and beyond to make sure we're happy with our purchase and find something I really love, and the jewelry itself is gorgeous.
1	DO NOT BUY FROM JARED'S!!I purchased my rings and my husband's ring from the Jared's in AZ and regret it. They are so nice to you when you are purchasing (at least they were for us), but the moment you've paid you better hope your ring is the right size and you never have to deal with them again because they are TERRIBLE PEOPLE WITH NO SOULS.When I went to pick up my wedding band from the Jared's in AZ I didn't like the fit. The guy who was assisting me told me over and over again that my finger was swollen and would shrink after the summer. He said if my finger didn't shrink to come back and they'd resize it.Then I moved to MA. I went to this Jared's in Plymouth. I wanted to get my wedding band resized and I wanted to get both our bands engraved. Here's what happened:1. My wedding band was a 6 1/2 and I wanted it resized to a 7. The guy comes out with it and has me put it on. I can't get it pass my knuckle. They resized it down to a 5!!! I was horrified! They made me wait 1 HOUR to fix it.2. Because I had already paid and they felt bad they gave me a $25 gift certificate...!!!3. I used the gift certificate for the engravings I wanted. I picked out the fonts and wrote the words I wanted.4. I come back to pick up mine and my husband's bands. The wording is correct, but they did not use the right font. When I tell the lady it's not the right font. She pulls out the paper that I filled out and realizes I'm correct and apologizes. She says they can fill in the engraving and re-do it. At this point I am in tears and I decide to just take the rings because I don't want to deal with them anymore. She then proceeds to charge me for both engravings....!!!!!!!DO NOT SPEND MONEY HERE THEY ARE EVIL!
5	Been going here for years and I always have had excellent customer service especially from one person whose name is Kutty. He has been our sales person for multiple purchases and has always been helpful in describing everything we ask about and showing us several items that we might be interested in. At times when he has not been there the customer service has always still been very good even when I had walked in with sweatpants, hair messy they still treat me as if I was top dollar customer. We are always given a call when there are special events or special event purchases from there staff. Sometimes I even go in just to have Jewelry cleaned even though I never had bought it there they will still clean it. Recently I went to a store at the Mills Mall called Jared Vault, thinking it was a discount outlet store but unfortunately the purchase for the same ring that I had found at Jareds was triple price and the Vault only discounted it half price so I would not recommend the outlet store to anyone and instead go to Jareds to get better quality in price.
