4	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Yay, happiness is a new Buffet, especially if it's a (rare) Pakistani Buffet!  Yes, Pakistani, NOT INDIAN!  Differences, as well as some of the dishes served, include BEEF (Yay beef!!)  and no alcohol, which suits me fine at lunch time.     :-)This Copper Kettle has opened in place of the one on Alma School Rd. and features a mid-sized dining room and a Lunch Buffet, right-sized for this type of food at about 18 main offerings plus sauces & toppings.  I started with a tossed salad & some delicious Lentil Soup.  Soon a basket of hot from the oven Garlic Naan arrived at my table, buttery & delicious!Back over at the hot table I helped myself to some of almost everything including Pea Palao, Basmati Rice, Beef Nahari, Beef Paya, and a number of other tasty treats including two common to both Pakistani & Indian restaurants Chicken Tika Masala & Tandoori Chicken (of premium chicken and cooked just right!).I also had some Poori (a deep fried flatbread), and Sweet Halva for dessert.  There was also a custard dish & more, but I didn't have room to try them this time.The owner & his assistant were super nice & this Buffet is served up 7 days a week from 11 AM for under $10.     :-))
5	Love this place!  Amazing customer service, super clean, relaxing music, delicious lunch buffet for less than $8 dollars.
1	Bland food. Very late service. Gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating.
4	I really like this place! The food is reasonably priced and very tasty. Their take on palak paneer is one of the better ones I've had. The staff is very friendly and really go above and beyond to make sure you are happy.
1	Food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic. Management should hire more staff. The place is not at all hygienic, the glasses weren't washed cleanly and were smelling. I wasn't impressed with the overall service.
1	Any business that ran out of food should NOT be open and offer to take any costumer or their money when they don't have the food they are advertising in their menu! That said here is why I gave them one star considering the Copper Kettle's Mixed Grill itself was acceptable to eat.I got there on a Sunday evening around 7:45pm. A young friendly gentlemen received me with a smile and things seemed pleasant! It took a while for him to get to my order considering there was 6 people at the place. Then he informed me that he didn't have anything I was ordering due to a busy day. So I settled with what they had and here is what I got.The Nan "bread made fresh at the restaurant " and they claim is the best was UNCOOKED and doughty" The Doodh Lassi "a yogurt drink that can be sweet or salty" I ordered the salty one was so SALTY it was undrinkable. It had so much salt you could float on it. "NOW it may not be a drink most people in Tempe may find palatable but I grew up drinking it so I KNOW how much salt should be in it... it should NOT gag you like salt water!NO chutney or any side condiment normally associated with Indian or Pakistani food present.... anything I asked they replayed "sorry we ran out" or we don't have it... is like going to a pizza place and asking for Parmesan or crushed peppers and to be told we don't carry any of them??? WHAT??? I am not sure what kind of clientele they get normally but it was insulting to me when they pretend what they had to offer is the experience I should have had... Like I never done this before.... I asked for hari chutney and he was trying to pass a watered down Raita with out cucumbers for it... ??? unbelievable... The only waiter there was trying hard (I want to give him credit) but so ill equipped I felt sorry for him... Shame on the owners for leaving the guy to fend for himself like however I wasn't' sorry for the $18 bill I payed for food they didn't have and the uncooked Nan that was their claim to be the best. I also asked to dilute my Doodh Lassi drink so it was drinkable. it took 20 minute with only 6 people in the place and almost at the end of my meal a mango pickle plate was offered to me. So to be clear it took the man 40 minute to find the pickle jar they didn't have!at this moment 30 people walked into the place... I saw the waiters face go blank and I knew they would not be able to serve them properly they couldn't handle 7 at this time but nobody said a word to this big group that just walked in the place.... and they seated the group... I had to get up and go to the cash register to pay for my meal and I stood there a good 10 minutes while the waiter jumped table to table telling them what he had or not.... A disaster! just a disaster! I waisted one hour and 20 minute for food that wasn't worth it.
4	Really friendly and attentive service. Went in for the lunch buffet which was totally worth it for $9. They made fresh nan bread for us and another table, nice touch. Good  chicken tikka masala, perfect rice, everything I tried was good-to-really good. We will be going back!
3	Visited for lunch buffet. Food selection was good, but the food was lukewarm. Specially ordered onion kulcha which was really good.Much of the food was spicy but especially the spinach paneer!Dessert selection was small (2 items)and not of good quality.Interior was open with plenty of seating, but sparse on decorations.Service was okay.
4	Yum!!  Chicken boti kababs - out of this world delicious.  I've only ordered take-out, but both times the service was great.  When I picked up once,  I had so much food the person working opened the door for me.  I will definitely be back!
4	Had an a-la-carte dinner here. Very good, fresh, spicy dishes. Dishes have an authentic Punjabi flavor. There is dinner buffet till 9pm, for $10. Decent service and comfortable ambiance. Probably the best budget Indian cuisine in Tempe. Best dish: Paneer Tikka Masala.
4	Really friendly and sweet staff which made my first visits very welcoming. Just finished having some delicious chicken tandoori. I will definitely go again  especially to try their desserts. They sounded delicious.
5	I am typically highly skeptical of restaurants in Phoenix-Tempe area but this place has really good food and the owner & servers are so refreshingly friendly. I had the lunch buffet and was very satisfied. Their samosas were very yummy and everything had good flavor with tolerable spiciness. And they have good vegetarian options. The owner even gave us free desert that was SO good.
2	OK. We went here about 5 pm. School (ASU) was not in session, so maybe things were slow but you're only as good as your last meal served. I really didn't feel anything was less than 3-4 hours old. While it was in a heated pan, things were dry and crusty. There were some annoying young men "hanging out" in the restaurant, not eating. The owner and other female were helpful, friendly, but I was really saddened by this because I wanted to like this place. They have a buffet, many labels missing and the food looked a lot alike. The flavors were okay, but if the food is old and you have no customers, shut it down and let people order off the menu and make it fresh. The dessert/salad area was also "eh". My advice, order off the menu unless you get there when this stuff is made.
5	This place is really good! The service is friendly and the food is delicious. I got the biryani lamb and it was excellent - big portions too. Make sure to get the chai at the end of your meal.
5	Stopped in here on a whim amongst so many Indian restaurant offerings. Tried the lunch buffet and was not disappointed. Granted, I'm a white girl, so my knowledge of good Indian food is probably not A level. But I enjoyed it.Pros:Very clean restaurant (didn't use bathroom or check out the kitchen, so no idea there)Nice buffet selection - not a huge number of options, but what was there was flavorful and fillingFriendly service - granted it's kind of do-it-yourself, but they were very pleasantNaan was good - and served nice and hot Dollar value was good - buffet and drink was about $10Cons:Wish they were in Central Phoenix where I would go to them more oftenCompared to some of the other ethnic food options in Tempe, Copper Kettle is a good bet.
5	Yumm!  The flavors are rich and the presentation beautiful!  Humble ownership.   And now weekend lunch buffet!  We tried places near by featured on a popular food network show and was not impressed.. But Copper Kettle is a great relaxing neighborhood spot!  Bringing my husband next time!
4	This was my first experience with a Pakistani & Indian restaurant. I tried everything at the steam table plus made dealicious salad. It is a dangerous place for me.I usually like a tiny amount of everything. With the fragrances I stuffed myself. I would have had more salad and looked into soup & desert if I had an ounce of common sense. I look forward to going back.
3	This was my first time at this place. The chicken dish I had was good. I need to explore the differences between Indian and Pakistani more. I am intrigued.
3	This restaurant is amazing! I had the chicken tikka masala and couldn't believe the price and size, not to mention the taste!!!! I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for quality, authentic Indian food.However, we came back again to pick up our order and they doubled the bill from 31 to 63.  We had to kind of find a deal because they said they couldn't give us cash because they didn't have any...? So instead we have a gift card there for thirty dollars in which the cashier signed and wrote "over paid them".  I do not know if we will get the thirty dollars back because we have not been ever since they charged us way over.The food is amazing but the fact they sneakily doubled our check is not.
5	So after watching a performer by Tetra (a local string quartet) we came by this gem.It was late and our orders were freshly made and amazing.  The tika masala was great as was the tandoori chicken and two other dishes which were equally great. And did I mention the naan?  Yummy fluffy..And portions?   We are not the smallest waters and we had enough leftovers for next nights dinner. All for a price that was so low I had to look twice - yes it's that good a bargain.
1	This Place SUCKS lets just put it at that they have a buffet going on and let me tell you that no service and honestly the food was. About a day old horrible food really sad I wasted my money here
3	After watching check please, we were super excited to check this out.  Ordered the garlic naan, which smelled amazing.  The main courses were ok, I liked my vegetarian curry but the meat eaters in the group were disappointed with their meals.  Service was really slow (even though there was only one other table there).
5	After my family finished watching a lovely holiday performance by Tetra string quartet, we meant to eat out at ph. After leaving the concert, it was too late for ph. So we went here instead. At first, we were a little hesitant about it, (it is kind of a dive.) QUANTITYMy father wanted the buffet, but the rest of my family ordered off of the menu. One of the workers told my dad that they were actually closing the buffet, so he would just have the cook make different foods from the buffet. Holy cow, he brought him enough food to feed my entire family! He gave him masala, naan, Tandoori... So much food! HUGE PORTIONS for very very cheap. When the rest of the food arrived, we were shocked. Never before had I seen such portions. Needless to say, those leftovers lasted us a good three meals. QUALITYDelicious. Amazing! My tandoori was perfectly cooked, melted in my mouth. The naan is amazing, all fluffy and scrumptious. So good. I tried everyone else's meals, and everything was amazing. Sooo good. And shockingly cheap. I give an A+!OVERALL The food is delicious, the amount is abundant and whoa whoa whoa so much (I could definitely have shared my meal with my sister.) One of two minuses I can think of is the overabundance of food that is given to you, just because it might be difficult to box and carry home. The other is that the food is not very health-oriented, but that isn't really too relevant. TIPS1) If you are a light eater and don't want to carry home 3/4 of your meal, I would recommend splitting a dish. 2) One order of naan could feed four people, at least for my family. So, base your orders around thatDefinitely would recommend this place!
4	This was a restaurant.com visit, around 2pm on a weekday.We were the only patrons, until 1 other person showed up for the buffet. We took one look at the buffet and thought it had seen better days. And there were only 2 vegetarian options so we ordered from the menu.Pakistani food is different from Indian food, but not by much according to the menu options. I like to order things I've never had before, so honestly, I can't really remember it. But it did have spinach, eggplant, and potatoes in a spicy sauce. It was fine.Also ordered a side of naan and it was the tastiest I've ever eaten.All in all, a good meal. Price point is good for middle class budgets.
