5	This spot has tons of fight stuff. DUH. That's why the are the fight shop. OK but really, this place has everything. They sell everything from boxing gloves to MMA gear, clothing, accessories, faux belts, etc. I am not into wearing this kind of gear. However, I can see how some of these dudes get real worked up over this stuff. THere is a lot of pride involved with these fighters, There are banners that show support for those who have fighters from the same country as them.  The people who work here are real friendly. The girl who was workin' the floor did a real good number on the hubsy. He was shocked to find some clothing in his size. He and I both didn't really like their prices but they had a huge selection. I have a feeling Walter will be back on of these days, for the shorts and things once he has all his ink work done. Anyways, the customer service in here is pretty awesome. THe store has all things fight related. Prices seemed a bit high to me but over all, it was an interesting experience. I'm sure if I had much more interest in the fighters and their gear, this would have been an awesome playground for me.
4	As a fight fan, and the girlfriend of an even bigger fight fan, we always come here when in Vegas. They have a HUGE selection of fight wear, and it's all authentic... Don't be fooled, there are plenty of places selling fake gear. They have a couple of locations, this one is by far the biggest. They moved into their new location about 6 months ago. Like I said, it's huge, and can be a little overwhelming if you don't know what you're looking for. Fortunately, they had a sales person up front trying to help... I think they needed a little more training as we found them to be more pushy and irritating than anything else. Kinda made me want to practice my flying arm bar. Okay, I can't really do that, but they were still irritating. They have a HUGE selection of Affliction clothing for both men and women. They also have a huge selection of TapouT gear. The prices are comparable to anyplace else one can buy fight gear. This place just has everything a fight fan could want, including that practice dummy working up front. We ended up buying 4 new TapouT t-shirts for my man.
5	Great store, so many gear. Prices are at retail. Biggest MMA store I've been to. Will come here again if I'm in Vegas again.
5	Been buying their merchandise since they had a closet store. Yes closet store. That small. You can find just about anything MMA related in here. And they have signings too if you follow them on Facebook.Been going there for years and I don't plan in stopping.
5	I love the big selection they have in the store.  Customer service is awesome too.  They are very friendly and helpful there.
4	Stumbled on this place while we were walking the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood. This place is a little bit over whelming at times. There is literally like probably 10s of thousands of items in here, well it seemed like it had alot. There is something you will find if your a MMA fan for sure.They had the newest t-shirts from GSP with his recent win in Montreal. Pricing for his shirt was al little bit much for me, but i'm not sure if thats regular pricing with that brand GSP is associated with. But the gem that I found while shopping there is a RVCA LV tshirt. It seems that its a t-shirt made for the Las Vegas market and I haven't seen it any where else period. I even tried to google it just now and could not find it. When i seen that shirt, I most defiantly had to buy it. Super happy with my purchase from there.The place is bit cramp because of all the stuff they have but im for sure you will not come out empty handed.Love this place and will be coming back for sure to see what else gems I can find.
4	This shop is a fight fans dream. I walked around the shop with a couple of fight fans and they were smiling and pointing out a ton of the merchandise. There are shirts, action figures, photos, memorabilia, and even signings during certain days.We didn't buy a single item in the store, yet we were treated with the utmost respect. Class move right there for any shop, let alone a fight shop.
5	great stuff, great service.bought about 12 shirts at half price of Macy's and some awesome mouth and shin guards!Such a deal!
4	If your a fan of UFC or MMA Las Vegas Fight Shop has pretty much everything and anything fan or even fighter needs in life. They have wide selection from tshirts, workout gear, gloves, memorabilia, and just the whole kitchen sink plus more. Even have WWE wrestling shirts or even action figures. The prices depends on what your looking can be cheap too expensive. The selection by far is the best thing about the shop!The service is awesome. As soon as you walk in there people asking if need any help and they greet you with warm welcome. I wanting too look around first too see if could find any Brittany Palmer stuff. Too no avail so asked salesperson and she helped me find what I was looking for quick. My only problem have is that they have TOO much stuff in the store. Never bad thing right?? It feels like trying too find needle in haystack. Walk in the door no flow too the store. It just racks, next too racks, tables of shirts, and feels like clutter the more walk around the shop. Then if the store is packed not enough room go around people in the aisle. If something on your UFC wish list no doubt Las Vegas FIght Shop place should check out. They do have lots of signings also with the fighters depending if it in Vegas and who fighting.
5	Awesome place!
5	Awesome store! Great prices, wide cariety of brand name shirts & thru yelp got me 15% discount. Def will be back on my next visit to Vegas
4	Dan Hardy was in store the day we were there! I totally stood off to the side to stare at him for a bit. Yes, he was signing things, and yes, he was taking pictures with people. But, I'm shy, and I didn't want to make a spectacle. So, I just stood there and stared for a bit. You know, non-stalkerish-like. We didn't have any plans for anything in this store, other than to waste a bit of time. Right when we walked in, one of the employees told us that Dan Hardy was autographing things at the back, and encouraged us to go meet him.The store is crammed with clothing. Crammed! And, in those nooks that are devoid of clothing, you'll find memorabilia, gear and posters. It can be a bit daunting trying to maneuver your way through all the racks and such, and trying to find something...!I actually had to snag an employee to find the sweater I was looking for. Come on, it was bright yellow. You'd think it'd be easy to find in a store of predominantly black items, but no, I totally missed it.The employee took me right to the rack, then promptly offered to go to the back to look for other sizes, since all they had out were XL and XXL sweaters. (Me: "I'm not an XXL..." and him: "No, and you're definitely not an XL, either.")He disappeared for a bit, then came back with their smallest size (a medium, and still too big for me). I asked if I could buy the sweater online. No. I asked if they would be getting anymore in. No. He said it was their last Medium. I told him I knew his games, and he laughed and assured me that he wasn't trying to force me into it.I really did love the sweater, and wanted it. I stood there for a bit, trying to convince myself that dropping $80 on a sweater wasn't a terrible idea. Eighty dollars! For a SWEATER!I finally relented, because I had fallen in love with the design, the color and the feel of the hoodie (seriously, it's so soft inside!) Would I go back to the store? Hell yeah - you never know who's going to be in there! Would I buy more items from them? Hmm...I honestly don't know. They're kind of pricey, but for what I got, it may be worth it.Plus, they totally pulled off a huge piece of shipping tape to give to me, so that I could fashion a lint remover before leaving their store. Yeah, that sweater that I loved so much left its mark on my nice black sweater. I looked like I'd been attacked by a Muppet by the time I paid for it. So, points for being good sports and helping their customers out a bit.
5	The best fight shop in town.  Prices are competitive and comparable to other places. Lots of selections to choose from.Very friendly staff and owner. Definitely try to visit here during each vegas trip.Thx guys!
4	Pretty good fight shop right in the Miracle Mile Shop.  I always stop by here when I'm in Vegas for competition or fights, and they have a really great selection of Shirts, Shorts, Rashguards and more.  They can be a bit pricey compared to some other fight shops, but I like that they have a lot of signings that go on there as well as more memorabilia than others.  They don't have a huge selection of gear like Gloves, Pads and protection but I love that they have WWE/F and Boxing and Martial Art Movie shirts and memorabilia as well.  Will always stop by when I'm in the area.
5	Best fight store in Vegas! Has everything you need! Went there to get some TMT gear for tonight's fight and they had a huge selection at great prices! boxing to ufc they have all the gear you can think of, awesome place! Thanks Scott for your help!
4	I went into the Las Vegas Fight Shop the other day to look for a Gi for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as well as some Muay Thai ankle supports. This was the second time I went to this place and the first time I had AMAZING service from one of the people helping me find some board shorts and rash guards. So going back I expected the same service but I was met by people brushing me off while they were trying to arrange the inventory. I asked a lady fro the Muay Thai ankle supports and she asked another worker if they had any and while he didn't even make eye contact he just plainly said "No". Neither even offered to order any for me from a catalog. So my girlfriend and I left to go eat and planned to come back for my BJJ Gi. When I came back, the person who helped me find my board shorts and rash guard was there ad he helped me pick out a great Gi and informed me that they did indeed have some Muay Thai ankle supports. Long story short, I guess it depends on who's helping you, but I had a great experience with most of the staff, and they do have the best selection as far as board shorts, rash guards and memorabilia. The prices are a little high compared to online, but it does balance with the price of shipping, and supply and demand I guess.
5	Had all the UFC merchandise for the fights.good helpful people. Reasonable prices. Will def come back
2	I called inquiring about kids BJJ belts. The guy on the phone was pleasant enough but didn't have a clue about sizing and thought the smallest size was a 0.I realize that kids belts and gis are probably not a huge money maker for them but I think they should have a better idea of what they sell and what's available on the market. FWIW - kids sizes go down to 0000 which is considerably smaller than a 0.
5	I can easily spend a weeks salary here! Great quality clothing and unique finds for all men, women, and kids! Love this place.
