3	So cheap and big portions. The service is friendly and fun, their family-owned atmosphere makes you feel as though they are rally taking care of you.The food is good, fresh, and filling.I recommend their version Pho.
3	Got the sampler platter and the chow mien noodles with stir fry vegetables, the Jasmine tea and a can of Pomegranate juice from this food truck - turned restaurant.  Its got kind of a strange set up to allow for late night grubbing for the bar hoppers - but slightly confusing for those who are just coming for dinner.  We ordered at the window and the food was brought to our table, but I have a feeling I wouldn't have gotten my tea until dinner if I wouldn't have asked for it.  The food was good, but nothing really remarkable, and their 'moon' sauce is tasty and sweet, but it was really on everything, and overpowered any other flavors.  The food was relatively cheap, and the drinks were actually pretty expensive ($2.50 for a small pot of tea, no refills).  I also had to stand at the kitchen window for a couple minutes to get change to pay, but not one of the 3 people in the kitchen bothered to get someone to help me.  I eventually just gave up and got some change together myself.  The atmosphere was actually pretty decent and I was mildly surprised since I anticipated something more along the lines of the 'truck food' roots that it came from.  I would eat here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there.  I also would try something else in hopes of something a little tastier and with a bit more depth. Maybe
5	They have the absolute best General Tso's I have ever had.  It is a bit pricey at 10 dollars, but well worth it.  Great late night food.
4	As others have said, the food is cheap and the portions are huge. It takes a really long time to cook - be prepared to wait a good 20 minutes for your order. Signs posted all around the restaurant explain that they prefer to take their time and make good food rather than rushing. I love love love the crispy noodles with vegetables.The only thing that sucks is that it seems like every time I'm craving this place, they're closed. Not open on Mondays, or for lunch anyday.
5	I am always satisfied after leaving Cambod-Ican Kitchen! I pretty much always have to get the crispy noodles with shrimp and chicken, and the seafood won tons. And I always put the moun sauce and roasted red pepper flakes on everything. Anyone I know who has ever been here loves it. The restaurant is family owned and operated, with mother and son in the kitchen, and father and daughter in the front. Sometimes they have extra help, but it is usually pretty slow. And very casual, with a decor that reflects this. It's also BYOB. The only drawback is trying to find a parking space near this section of Carson Street.
4	Hanging in South Side? Late night hunger? this is THE SPOTThey even bring out a bbq cart around midnight on the sidewalkyeah ordering inside takes a while and food is a bit slow, but it's worth it. one Chicken Kabob on Whole Wheat pita for $4 seems expensive, until you get the portion - HUGE and tasty.-1 star because once I read fresh garden rolls I had to have. But they were"short staffed". Too bad they wouldn't take up my offer to make a few myself. I make a good roll.Never know who you'll meet here, everyone is friendly, met 4 guys in from Ireland, awesome night. But that's another story ;p
5	Byob with amazing dishes. I had the vegyable curry over lo main and it was perfect. I understand it's a good late night spot, buts it's also great for dinner with a group of friends.
5	Went here in the midst of a bustling Friday night bar crawl. This place is edgy and has great character. The waitress was super nice the guy taking our order is straight up hilarious.I ordered the chicken kabob w/ veggies on pita. The chicken cut was large, well-marinated. Eating it in the context of the pita bread was glorious. How much was this? Less than $5!Another huge plus is the late closing time. It's open until 3am. I'll remember to come here when I'm working late at the office down the street.Don't be afraid to have a convo w/ the staff. They're friendly and welcoming!
5	I made my first visit to Cambod-ican last night before taking in a show across the street at the Rex. The first thing I noticed when I walked in were the reviews and newspaper features posted on the wall. Apparently this place started off as a humble food truck a few years ago before upgrading to a full restaurant, and it's a bit of a go-to spot on the South Side. I don't spend a whole lot of time on this end of the city, so it's taken me a while to make it down to eat here, but now that I have, I'll definitely be coming again.I had the kuyteav soup bowl, which is very similar (though not identical) to the pho you can get at Tram's, Pho Minh or Vietnam's Pho elsewhere in the city. The broth was delicious, with bits of fried garlic floating at the top. It came with a plate of fixings (bean sprouts and cilantro, though no basil this time, as I believe they were out of it for the night), and a container of roasted chile flakes on the table added the perfect amount of heat. The people I came with had the steamed rice noodles and General Tso's with brown rice, and everybody at the table was pleased with their meal. I snagged bites here and there, loving everything, and I'm going to have to come back to this place again and again to order everything else that looks good on the menu. Cambod-ican makes everything to order, meaning for a lot of things there's a bit of a wait between paying and receiving the meal, so if you're starving you might want to stick to the listed "quick" foods on the wall or perhaps start off with an appetizer. If you're on the South Side and low on cash, or just want a tasty Asian-style meal, this is the place to go. The portions are huge, the prices low and the food is excellent, especially the soup.
5	I'm obsessed with this place.  The hours of operation are wacky, but thank god it's open late night on the weekends.  It's WORTH a trip the shit hole called the South Side.  It's over run with dumb college kids late night.  But the food is worth the wait, the people that operate it are wonderful to talk to as well.
2	I was put off by the attitude I got at this place.  I didn't like how the guy taking my order belittled me for not ordering any appetizers or drinks.  I also don't like the handwritten signs that made excuses for why their service is slow and why they don't let non-patrons use their bathroom (a simple "customers only" would work, but no, they have to go into great lengths to explain that toilet paper is expensive and therefore only their "friends" -- the customers -- can use the toilets blah blah).That aside, decor (minus the handwritten signs) is great.  I felt like I was at a noodle stand in southeast Asia.  I enjoyed my Cambod-Ican noodle soup (their take on pho).  I normally don't like pho because it tastes too much like MSG but it wasn't so bad here.  I tasted my friend's crispy noodles and thought it tasted like really sweet, low quality Chinese take out lo-mein (but at least the noodles were sufficiently crispy).  My other friend found her vegetable curry with chicken to be too spicy for her liking.The whole payment system is awkward.  Why not just take payment when I order at the window?  Why do I have to awkwardly and deliberately put on my coat in full view of the window to signal them to come out and give me the check?  It's beyond me.
1	I ordered the chicken kabob on pita and that is all I got. No veggies, no nothing. Marinated chicken with fatty bits laying on a whole wheat pita. It was gross. Also unpleasant- the key to the womens restroom is on giant table leg so the guy working there can make some joke in front of the entire restaurant when he hands it to you. No thanks, I'm not amused.
1	I heard great things about Cambodican Kitchen, and I love Pho, so I ventured down Carson Street one night with some friends to try their food. Like some of the other reviewers, I was amused but altogether put off by their excessive signage in and around the restaurant. If paper products are that expensive, then cut down on the cheap signs and buy a chalkboard. Bazinga. At any rate, I went with a large group of friends and we all ordered different things. I ordered the noodle soup and an order of spring rolls. Although we all ordered at once, my order came out (and I am not exaggerating in the slightest), twenty minutes AFTER everyone else's. When my spring rolls finally did arrive, they were terrible! No shrimp, just lettuce and a tiny bit of cilantro in rice paper. I tried to complain, and I was sneered at.  At least they didn't deliver their jeers in sign form. I won't be returning.
3	I don't like the food.A tattooed girl works here, though.And they're impressive.
4	Call me crazy, but I do sometimes like a side of attitude with my entree.  For a late night dining spot, you can't be that choosy, and if the food's good who really cares?  The food takes a while to come out, but face it - you're drunk anyway - and if you're lucky you'll get to witness the same family bickering we did that I'm sure will result in hefty psychiatrist bills later in life for their kids.  Honestly, the food served here is exactly what hits the spot if you've had a few drinks and need something in your stomach to forestall an impending hangover.  This means, in case you can't read between the lines, that it's a bit on the heavy and greasy side, which is exactly what you need sometimes.
5	This is the best noodle soup place I have been to in Pittsburgh. Very tasty fried seafood wontons in their moon sauce. Make sure you try the crushed red peppers with them. The owners are very friendly as well. Tips: They do not take credit cards, but are open very late. They are sometimes open on Sundays, but you should probably call first to check.
5	Top-choice late night Asian fare.  Stir-fry noodles are delicious. The wonton appetizer was a savory surprise to this frequent traveler's taste buds. My dining buddies both rated the noodle soup highly.  Can you spell satisfaction?  The location is in a Pittsburgh night district, so the clientele will have more bohemian traits than most places. Don't let that deter you from a culinary delight.
5	Wonderful food!  We came here on the recommendation of the hotel shuttle driver and it was definitely worth the tip.  4 dishes (General Tso's chicken, noodle soup, ginger chicken, and a noodle dish (don't remember the specifics).  All were very tasty.  The staff was all very friendly and brought us complimentary crab rangoon apps (after checking to see if we ate shellfish), even though we only ordered the entrees and tea.  They were happy to bring out extra bowls so we could share the soup.  My favorite was the ginger chicken--very fresh, flavorful strips of ginger in with the chicken.The cash-only policy is very clearly stated.  The only real negative was that, because we were traveling, we couldn't save the leftovers.
4	To understand Cambod-Ican Kitchen, you must understand it's proprietor Dan. Dan is the sometimes loud but always friendly owner of Cambod-Ican and he and nearly every member of his family have been filling the bellies of the later night Carson Street revelers since before Diesel was called Nick's Fat City. Dan has his own roofing business, manages several properties, and yet still would spend all of his evenings and most of the early mornings on weekends outside, in the weather, gladly bantering with drunks, handing out kabobs and wontons with smiles and jokes. The hours must have been hell, but the lines were always long as he would hold court on the end of the "meat wagon" style set up until 3 AM every Thursday night through Sunday morning. It's safe to say that Dan was years ahead of the food cart culture that has developed on the coasts in recent years.When Nakama opened several years later and, although the Cambodican Wagon was considered a Southside institution, the powers that be forced Dan to close up shop because they didn't want someone underselling them outside their door. But after over a dozen years of working with the freakiest flakes on southside, Dan's dealt with stranger setbacks than "the man". That's when he opened the full service restaurant at 1701 Carson. It features a bigger staff, indoor seating, a much deeper menu and still has all of the classics old school southsiders and slopies would stand outside for an hour to get.My late night staple has always been the chicken on pita, no veggies with at least 6 friend seafood wontons and moon sauce on everything - (seriously, moon sauce is the best thing since the internet).The only drawback to CK is that the crowd swells with the traffic on Carson so there are times when there's no way for the staff to handle the demand. If you come in at the wrong time, you can end up waiting a very long time in somewhat-to-extremely-rowdy crowd.Other than that, the Cambod-Ican is a delicious, inexpensive, unique place that's a must visit when I have friends in town visiting Carson Street.
5	Cheap, open late , great food. What more could you ask for?The boyfriend and I am here one evening after going to the farmers market a few blocks down and it was wonderful.  I had great soup and he had some great tasting chicken on a stick, all for less than $20! You can't go wrong stopping here.  From what I understand they started off as just a sidewalk cart and now they've got their own restaurant. YUM. It's cash only BTW.
4	the closest thing to hawker fare (street food) that you can find in pittsburgh.  The food takes a long time, but is pretty delicious.  I ordered the "like pad thai" lol and it was very good, the cambodian equivalent of pho is also really great, like a sweeter version of pho.
5	Me: "Moon Sauce?"Owner: "Ooooh! A first-timer?! Here Have this chicken wrapped in a pita covered in moon sauce and then topped with a seafood wonton!" Me: "OMG this is amazing!  What's in this Moon Sauce?"Owner: "Pure China White, sweetheart."And I crave it as such!
5	Favorite place for cheap late-night eats. Try the fried wontons or a curry roll if you just need a small amount of food (don't forget extra moon sauce!) or the general tso's with brown rice.
4	Super duper good :)
4	Finally had a chance to try this place and I really enjoyed it.  The vegetarian curry rolls were good as an appetizer, but hardly necessary as the amount of food in my dinner order was more than enough.  I had the stir fry vegetables with tofu over crispy noodles which was great.  The tofu was so good I had to take apart one of the pieces to make sure it really was tofu!   I've seen some negative comments about the service, but have no idea what that is about.  We had great service, and our order came in a perfectly reasonable amount of time.   My only complaint is that they're not open for lunch.  I work in the Southside and this would be at least a once-a-week stop for me if it was an option.
5	Okay so here's the deal, I was turned on to this place by one of my best friends. The fried wontons with moon sauce are to DIE for. The General Tso's has some kind of magic secret ingredient. It's amazing. It's like heaven. Let me put it this way. I now live in DC, and I'm making the 4.5 hour trip up to Pittsburgh, not to see my family, but because I can't get enough of Cambo!!!
5	Absolutely awesome food. I would highly suggest their pad Thai. For late night snacking, they wheel out a small cart to serve on the sidewalk. A must after drinking. Hands down some of the best Pad Thai I've had outside of Thailand.
5	Only Cambodian/Asian food I touch in Pittsburgh, with extra moon sauce.
3	wasn't really blown away, but it was pretty good.
1	You people are crazy. This food is beyond awful. The noodle soup is nothing like pho - it annoys me that they would even associate the two.  It's overly sweet and otherwise bland. The crispy lo mein was also overly sweet, and also overly salty. I love salt - my blood pressure is likely sky high - but this was awful. I couldn't eat more than a few bites of either dish. The shrimp rolls were good, but since they aren't comprised of anything but shrimp and rice paper, I'm not going to applaud them too much for those. I would like to note that this all occurred at around 1:00 AM, so my expectations weren't even that high.  Everyone who has given this place good reviews - I have to speculate when they ate this food, they were either black-out drunk or had a severe case of the munchies, or have never had decent (much less good) Asian noodle soup or noodle dishes.
4	Kuyteav (beef). Very similar to Vietnamese pho. Broth is made from pork bones, I think. Very tasty! Service was very friendly. I wish they took credit card, though. It was a hassle trying to figure out the bill for 7 people.
5	When I first started my yelp account a few years ago, this was the first place I had as a bookmark thanks to a co-workers recommendation.  I am extremely grateful for it and am deeply sorry that it took me close to 3 years to actually get to this spot.  Simple and effective are 2 words that can accurately describe it.  Its open late and serves food that caters to that demographic.. (Drunks)  But don't get me wrong, theres good food here for the normal everyday people as well.  The dumplings with moon sauce are way out of this world and if you only could eat here once, I would put them at the top of the list.
5	AMAZING! You have to get the salad with peanut sauce. I was in Thailand for a while, and it tasted identical to the Thai-style salad. Authentic :)
4	"It's okay to let out orgasmic moans here [because the food is so good of course]. Just so you ladies know, from a guy's point of view, we guys love that." ---Words of wisdom from the spunky waiter at Cambod-Ican (I wish I asked him for his name). This place has such a "fun" and laid-back feel to it. They really try to make you feel at home here. My friends and I were unsure of what to get so waiter was nice enough to give us a breakdown of the menu and we each ended up ordering one of the recommended items. I noticed that a lot of the customers are regulars because the waiter knows them by name. The wait was a good 15 minute, but I know for sure they made our food fresh right after we ordered them, instead of the precooked stuff most Asian restaurants are guilty of. For appetizers, we had their signature "fried seafood wontons", which was just another name for Crab Rangoons. I love crab rangoons so I really liked these...crispy with the right amount of cream cheese, not overly sweet. I ordered a "shish kabob platter", which came with grilled chicken, grilled kielbasa and rice drizzled with their signature "moon sauce". Ladies and gents...moon sauce is just a fancy name for teriyaki sauce. I thought the rice was a little bit too dry though. My one friend ordered Cambodian chicken noodle soup. The menu compared this noodle soup to Vietnamese Pho. I am Vietnamese, and trust me...I KNOW pho. This Cambodian chicken noodle soup was pretty decent, but no way can this be compared to Pho (the King of all noodle soups). One friend ordered the "sampler platter", which has a bunch of fried stuff and their grilled chicken, and the other friend ordered the "chicken curried vegetable bowl" with lo mein, instead of rice. That was pretty spicy, but it was probably my favorite out of all the entrees. So if I rate this restaurant solely on its food quality, then it would only deserve 3 stars because I thought the food was pretty average...nothing deserving of "oohhhs", "ahhhhs", or "wow". In other words, the food did not give me a "foodgasm". But, it was such a positive experience overall because the atmosphere and the wonderful service so they deserve 4 stars. Our waiter was the most enthusiastic and energetic man I've ever met. He was cracking jokes left and right, and engaging all of the customers in conversations. The food was okay, but I would definitely recommend you give Cambod-Ican a try just to meet this dynamic character.
4	They open until 5am in the morning. Perfect for the hungry college student. The family who owns this place is hilarious. The person who takes your orders at the window is the husband who encourages you not to get the "worthless white rice" that us Asians love and get the brown rice instead. The wife is equally hilarious. The first time I went we were the only ones in the restaurant except for two other people. One of the guys was getting quite loud and rowdy so the wife threatened to kick him out with a baseball bat.As for the food, it's good and fresh. The fried chicken I ordered tasted especially good with the red chili flakes they had at the table. Large portions and filling. Great late-night/super early in the morning meal.
4	A must-visit for late night carousers from out of town or anyone looking for non American fare after drinking on Carson. We were in town for Bears Steelers and ended up looking for action on this side of town after downtown deflated due to Bears crushing victory. Whether due to the game or earlier revelry for the Pirates clinching the playoffs, Carson was pretty low key so we decided to end the night eating rather than drinking.The food was good and the owner definitely took pride in the preparation a la Muhammad Ali. He actually told me it'd be the best soup broth I'd ever had, which made me wonder whether people I cook for feel the same way when I tout my own abilities. In short it wasn't the best but it was good. I felt bad not finishing it because he was so damn excited about it but i dug the commitment and self promotion. Having been to southeast Asia and living in a city with many southeast Asian options I was surprised I was as satisfied as I was. The wontons were also good but I'd stick with Vietnamese/Cambodian options based on our sample.Pretty sure this place has the biggest bathroom door 'do not steal me' key chain I've ever seen. Really wish I would have explored that with the owner. I can only imagine what fri/sat late night madness led to that security measure. Maybe drunks were stealing some of that expensive toilet paper referenced in their signage?
5	The food was amazing and I highly recommend it. One of the best meals I've ever eaten, and I've travelled to 26+ countries and 20+ states. Highly recommend crispy noodles, fish wontons, and egg rolls with moon sauce. I may have to drive from Florida to Pittsburgh again to get 2nds
4	We stopped by for some late night food from the outside stand. I had a stick of chicken teriyaki which came with three pieces for $4. It was very sweet. In hindsight, I should have opted for the Pad Thai; however, my compatriots were not keen on waiting for the Pad Thai to be prepared. I'd certainly return to dine in at the restaurant instead of grabbing street food.
5	Weird hours, excellent food, friendly and enigmatic owners, and Mangosteen juice. All a girl could ever need.I ordered some kind of beef soup that wasn't on their take-out menu, so I do not recall what it was called. Tender beef chunks, potatoes, carrots and fat lo mein noodles. TOTALLY INCREDIBLE. I practically licked the bowl. Almost reminded me of pot roast, with the beef and potatoes and carrots. I want a steady supply of this soup.My friend got the crispy noodles, which was a huge portion. A neighboring table got a massive steaming plate of General Tso's that looked great.I loved that they had mangosteen juice. I found the service to be quick, sassy and attentive. The food, my soup in particular, was great. I am looking forward to coming back and trying this legendary Moon sauce that all of the reviewers seem to be raving about. Highly recommend!
3	There are probably 10 places that I frequently visit that i havent wrote a review for. I found out just now that Cambodican is one of them.My first ever experience with Dan, those wontons & the moon sauce was around 1am over a year ago walking sloppily through southside (judge me) We ordered seafood wontons and continued on our walk... then turned around and ordered another batch. I've been back quite a few times since then (sober of course). My go-to is the chicken shish kabob- which surprisingly isnt served on a stick like a kabob. It's just chicken laid on rice. The chicken has their moon sauce on it (the sauce is great by the way) I've also tried some of my friends general tso's which wasn't bad. You can the general tso's sauce anywhere from mild to blazing. I've also tried bobby's keilbasa kebob which is also delish and i believe it has moon sauce on it as well. We are always sure to add an order on of seafood wontons.I only head to southside twice a year now for a night out instead of every other weekend, but its still a go-to for those late night drunken munchies. Cash only
5	Dope place for late night eats after the club or bar hopping with friends GREAT drunk food..
5	Let's be honest, you think any restaurant with Asians, Koreans, Cambodians, Chinese and Japanese sells general tso's and fried rice, luckily for you this place does, and so much more.On Friday and Saturday nights this place is overflowing with intoxicated but friendly people looking to get the surf and turf on pita with Crab Wontons and the famous Moon Sauce ( a syrupy sweet teriyaki).  The real time this place shines is inside, off the menu, late night, during the week for a surprisingly classy full service meal.  Cambodican kitchen stays open till 4AM during the week!  Order the noodle soup, any chicken dish and why not, get the crab wontons.  Order what you want and while you wait, make sure to make a trip to the bathroom.  Really READ the poem.  Take from it your own interpretation and apply it how you see fit.Sit in this place, take someone, take 5 people and just hang and take the food in slow.  The place is owned and operated by the whole family each with their own unique flair as a person.  They will accommodate you with whatever you need including necessary garnish if requested.  The quality of service is always top notch.Have your business meeting at Nakama, Take your friends to Cambodican Kitchen.Tell them HITTofMCM sent ya!
5	The only thing better than the food is the service. The server gave very detailed information about the food, and made sure that we got exactly what we were looking for. I highly recommend the seafood wontons as well as the vegetable curry bowl. It was somehow better than Thai curry which I had thought was my favorite. If you get the wontons and you like spicy food, I recommend asking for their pickled Thai chilies, which they grow organically and pickle in house.
3	The food is pretty good. We shared beef wontons, which were the best part, along with the chicken kabob. The kabob was massive so I would highly recommend sharing. The menu is a bit limited. The staff are friendly. The down side to this place is that this place looks filthy. From the floors to the walls, it makes you feel a bit uneasy. There is a strange entertainment center along one of the walls. You also have to take a 3 foot pipe or wooden post as a bathroom key. I don't think I'll dine in again but I'd give it a chance as take away. Although, they really need to clean up the place for me to want to go regularly. The food is good but they are losing points for the state of the place.
5	If I could describe to you the smell and taste of the crab fried rice, in an accurate way, it would be difficult because there are really no words that describe just how good it truly is. Moon sauce is out of this world and my goodness do the servers know their stuff. A quintessential establishment that really made my night.
5	I absolutely love this place. I am one of those people--much-discussed in other reviews--who crowds into Cambod-Ican on Friday or Saturday after a night of imbibing on the South Side looking for a surf and turf (extra surf, no turf) to satisfy my alcohol-induced hunger. The surf and turf is a magical wrap-like concoction that is filled with a beef kabob and a few crab rangoons, drizzled with the mystical "moon sauce." I have actually never had anything else from this place, and I probably never will. The crab rangoons are hands down the best I have ever had, even before the moon sauce comes on the scene. They have an onion-like flavor in the dough itself and are the perfect balance of salty and sweet. I don't eat beef, but by request you can have the "surf and turf" with a vegetable kabob instead. It's usually the same price, so if you ask nicely, they might add an extra rangoon or two for free.On weekends the Cambod-Ican has an outdoor stand where they sell exclusively surf and turfs, but you can still go inside and order from the full menu. They are open late, so you can leave the bar at 2am and still enjoy this magical meal. As far as I know, the whole place is cash-only, but there is an ATM inside. Have I mentioned how affordable this delicious food is? It's absolutely worth the price and then some. I never leave without tipping because I feel like I'm robbing the place. Whether you are sober, drunk, or hungover, you will not find a more comforting fried-food concoction on the south side. Writing this review has me itching to go back. Excuse me...
5	This place was definitely worth 5 stars! We decided to go at 1AM, to people watch and eat in Southside. It was our first time and with it being so late, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was surprised they still had their full menu going. We ordered fresh spring rolls and 2 bowls of pho. For the mayhem that was going on in there of people running jn and out and stumbling everywhere, I was surprised we were able to actually have a sit down meal. They were damn efficient for the crowd and super pleasant and made everyone laugh. So service was awesome. On top of that, I expected to just grab our food from the window, but he ran all of our food out to us. And when it got to us - so delicious! Spot on flavor and it didn't taste like it was rushed in any way!We will def be heading back there. Maybe try them out during the week too when it's probably a little calmer. Def recommend going on a weekend night if you happen to be in Southside.
3	So i stumbled into here in the middle of the night with my friends, wasn't drunk but we had a couple of drinks...The first thing I noticed was the cowboy working the register. I have nothing against cowboys but you definitely see a little culture clash with an Asian restaurant when the guy is speaking with western accent saying yeehaw! Anyway the guy was very enthusiastic about Cambodian food, so much that I asked for his recommendation, due to the fact I was new to the food, and so... I ordered his favorite dish- a soup. It was nothing special like a sour version of viatnamese pho while costing around 18 bucks.The venue was for the most part clean and appeared presentable and pleasing.Overall the food was similar to chinese and was about 7-8 dollars more... Even my friends dishes tasted like a chinese with a twist.I wasn't really impressed, while I understand that Cambodia is proximal to China I was expecting for it to have some distinct flavor of its own, and if it was just like chinese for it to be similarly priced, it wasn't fancy or anything. I enjoy a wide array of asian foods. Cambodian- especially this location did not impress me much. I would try it again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Orgasmic moans... Yep, can't hold 'em in when eating the food here. They must get that a lot. Watch out for the cowboy: He is overly ...enthusiastic? about joking with you and suggesting meals and side dishes and hot pepper sauce. But he means well.
