5	Hartigans is a casual, easygoing Irish pub where you can hang out with a few friends or a large group of friends and have a great time.  It's primarily a lesbian/gay pub, but on days that the Carolina Panthers play (that's football, they tell me), it becomes a full-fledged sports bar/pub filled with sports fans of all types (the pub is right near the stadium).  The pub is under new management this year and they've made a lot of improvements to the menu, nightly drink specials, the interior of the restaurant, the schedule of events, etc.  It's returned to the fun place it once was.  Trivia on Wednesday nights is a blast.  If your team wins, you'll get $25 toward your bar tab!  The food is all very reasonably priced and tastes great with a nice, cold frosty beer!   One of my guilty pleasures?  The loaded french fries -- smothered in cheese and bacon and served with a ranch dipping sauce.  They're the best I've tasted anywhere. On the weekends, they open up the downstairs area, which turns into a dance club.  Fun for late-nighters!  Say hi to Christa for me! :-)
4	This bar is not too far from where I work.  I was told by a friend that it was a gay bar, but had pretty decent food.  I walked there one afternoon.  It has a brick exterior and the interior looks like any old Irish pub, nothing overtly gay about it at all (what a change from SF gay bars).The bartender was friendly.  She quickly told us the specials and we had some bottled beer for I think only $1.50 each or something crazy like that.  This isn't' just a happy  hour special either, but I think it's all day.We decided to try the other special that day, 35 cent chicken wings.  We ordered ten and the cook delivered them himself, plenty of napkins, side plates and blue cheese dressing.  Surprisingly, the wings looked great.  What's more they tasted pretty darn delicious.  They were a good size, meaty, slightly crispy here and there and the heat of the sauce was just right.  Can you believe it only cost $3.50 for 10 wings?  They have different daily specials, so check out their website.It was quiet during our late lunch, we were the only ones there, but the place is pretty comfortable (booths, tables, bar, TVs, etc.).It's a hidden find, that's worth checking out.
3	Despite playing nothing but top-40s crap the night we went, I had a pretty great time. How could I not? The entire basement is a dance floor, includes a pole dancing cage, and your standard twinkly club light show stuffs. I could tell I was at a gay/lesbian club, but nonetheless, very eclectic crowd, and people were being sweet to each other. And smiling. And EVERYONE was dancing. Awesome.Of course, they reallllly need to put an auxiliary bar in there. Completely disorganized, long waits, mismade drinks... makes for a pretty annoying process. I was also pretty amazed that apparently, no one brings cash to clubs anymore. Srsly people... don't make the bartenders run your card every time you order a drink. Costs the club money (and up go the drink prices), makes crotchety would-be-drink-orderers like me cranky.
1	Not impressed!!  If there were 0 stars that's the rating this place would get.  I ordered a cheeseburger and it was worse than what you'd expect from a school lunchroom!   And why is this place called an "Irish Pub"?  One would expect typical Irish dishes but not here!  I honestly have no idea how this place stays in business.  Sorry, Hartigan's, I won't be going back!
3	I never thought about the name " Irish Pub" but the menu is pretty much American. I never knew they had "Tommy Tots" in Ireland maybe that was the cause of the potato famine. Seriously, I like the Tommy Tots and Wednesday night trivia. I go once and a while with a small group of friends and have some food, beer and a pretty good time. Yes it is a gay bar and I have not been downstairs to the bar/club in years so I can not comment on that. Even though the food is not "Irish" just sandwiches, wings, quesadillas and such it is good and reasonably priced.
3	I headed over to here after roller derby shenanigans one Thursday night. Thursdays at Hartigans are karaoke night so I was kept pretty entertained.The interior is nice-- almost sport-bar-y by feel rather than a pub. Brightly lit, and more tables and bar seats than booths. The bartender wasn't exactly rude to me, but not particularly nice either.I snacked on some fries while I was there- pretty subpar. The beer selection was mediocre and definitely a pinch more pricey than the quality I got.One great thing though, I have to mention, about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south, that isn't as common so yeah. Props for that.
4	This place is great!  I have been coming for quite a while, but first as just a panther fan.  During panther season jello shots are a dollar and beers are 2.  It is wonderThen a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor, and their food, both are great.  It is a cozy environment for all
3	It is somewhat interesting seeing a bar named "Hartigans" - obviously an Irish name, with a menu to match - come up in a category labeled "gay bars".  Not, as Jerry Seinfeld so eloquently put it several years ago, that there is anything wrong with that.When you visit, you will see that the physical bar fits the name of the place, and you should feel immediately welcomed.  The wood stretches the length of the place, from the entrance almost to the end of the upper floor.  And yes, there is a lower floor, which is perhaps where the other aspect comes into play.Head downstairs and you get more of a club atmosphere, with pool tables, space for dancing and yes, cages.  Or cage.As you might expect, an Irish Gay Bar does have a menu, and it is interesting, sporting items such as the Dirty Gertie, the Monte Christa and the Toora Loora Loora.  At the suggestion of the bartender, I went with the Monte Christa - hot ham, turkey and swiss cheese with light raspberry vinaigrette on grilled texas toast - and you know what?  It was fab-u-lous.  Or I was.The place is definitely a bit of a paradox, if you have not figured that out already, but we could use more of that around these parts.
3	It smells like beer, it tastes like beer, must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin, you should be graze-in on this grub!
4	Saturday after 11 DJ music was hip-hop heavy with the occasional reggaeton or slow song thrown in for good measure.  I don't listen to Beyonce or Pitbull on a regular basis but I had a blast anyway because the patrons make it so much fun.  For a $5 cover it was a straight-up (pun intended) good time.  Drinks are cheap.  Street parking is free of course and luckily close enough you can throw your coat in the trunk and hustle to the door before freezing your you-know-what off.Dress comfortably, order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!
3	I was on a business trip and only had time for a quick bite to eat at lunch time before heading to airport! I think my burger was so overcooked that it tasted like it was double cooked and the tater tots included were plentiful and tasty!  They had other items on menu but I did not sample!  The space is spacious and it looks like a lot of fun, the service was extremely friendly!  Would love to be there at peak hour!
1	The food CAN be pretty good here, but it can be downright awful, too. The service CAN be pretty good here, but it can be downright awful, too (especially at lunch time, when you think the staff would notice businessmen and women needing to eat and go). But most of the time this place just falls flat.And do yourself a favor: if you ever read the restaurant health inspections online, DON'T read the one for Hartigan's (nothing awful, but you have to wonder why they had a black mold problem in the ice machine for so long!)
3	Hartigan's is an interesting place for sure, it looks like a traditional Irish pub, and in some ways it is.  They serve pretty good basic food, and have all the expected adult beverages too.  But, it's also a great gay bar too, with great people, and much better music than you'd expect.  We come here a lot since we live just down the street, and it's always interesting.  They have the best karaoke in town hands down, at least the nights I've been in anyway.   It's also a great place to swing by before a Panther's game since it's right next to the stadium, and they always have tons of jello shots going around so swing in on your way to the game.
4	Cozy and welcoming.  This is my impression upon entering Hartigan's.  The menu features typical pub favorites, such as nachos, wraps ad burgers.  I chose the veggie burger without the bun and, dare I admit this?  Tater tots!  Ok, Ms. Healthy likes to splurge, too!  The burger arrived with tomato and lettuce, and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.  Friendly and helpful servers, too.  The only thing that I did not care for was the bar's playlist of current, top forty music.
1	The bartender downstairs was extremely rude. I guess if you don't "look" gay, you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning.
5	Events for local charities-check. Panthers pre game and after party- check. Restaurant with beer specials, wings and homemade recipes, clean kitchen and ice makers(ridiculous comment earlier)-check. Internationally known comedian and stage presence star host ROXY will have you laughing in tears for karaoke-check.Crazy fun trivia with prizes-check. Nightlife club atmosphere with Charlotte's and NC's best DJ's rated and award winning on wedding website "the knot"-check. Open minded crowd welcomes everyone, gay, straight, purple, blue, mothers father, whatever. (If anyone feels uncomfortable or makes an assumption about how they are being looked at by "gay" people, it's probable their own insecurity) Hartigans throws down good times, football and drinks... not judgement.Looking for dancing? Go here. Looking for a place to have fun and let loose? Hartigans. I promise you, you will be back. It's just fun. Dance your a** off here. It's crazy fun.
3	Funky little vibe place with a nice selection of great sandwiches.  And tater tots!!!Went here for a date night and had a good time.  Friendly service and one of a few places that actually serves good tater tots.  I don't drink so I didn't pay much attention to the bar, but I hear they have good specials.
2	I know I am from out of town, but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out, after you establish yourself.
