4	Surprised I saw such bad talk about this place. I almost did not book it.... Luckily, I did. It was very nice, the staff was so helpful and went totally out of their way to help me..Breakfast was pleasant, but what can you say for a continental breakfast?Easily accessible to the  highway, walk to eat some dinner or if you need to head to Walmart it's a short drive away.
1	By god, what an abhorrable experience.  One star is far too good for this dump. My wife and I stayed here the Saturday and Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, 2012.  The individual who checked us in and who was working the evenings, Andrea (I believe), and the male fellow working in the mornings/day (never got his name) clearly do not know what the phrase "customer service" means.  Here's a sampling, dear readers, of what we had to experience.  I will number them so you do not get lost, there's THAT many instances:1.  When we arrived, there was no, "Welcome to Quality Inn/Charlotte/insert appropriate greeting here" by the attendant, Andrea.  It was a short, curt "Reservation?"  Answering in the affirmative, she uttered, "Method of payment and driver's license please.".  Mind you, during this entire interaction it was conveyed that we were clearly infringing on her time.  We were never made to feel at home.  She gave us room 200, which should never be allowed for human occupation.  2. We arrived in the dreaded room 200, said by Andrea to be right above the lobby, and it was readily apparent that the following were issues:A. The carpeted floor beneath the huge air conditioner vent in the ceiling was soaking wet due to condensation dripping constantly.  B. The tub had a very slow drain, as my wife unfortunately found out during a shower.C. When attempting to call to report this, the phone was apparently disconnected.D. There was no hair dryer.E. There was no coffee pot.F. The room did not feel entirely secure.3. I immediately went downstairs and informed Andrea that the room was substandard and that we needed another room.  A couple of her friends/co-workers were also at the counter and overheard me saying this.  One of them said, "Sounds like room 200 again.", which indicated to me that the room was known to be a substandard room.  Andrea gave me my new room key cards to 202, with nary a word of apology or empathy.  Again, I felt like I was infringing on her time.  4. At 5 am the following morning, we received a wake up call that we did NOT request (I informed the male desk staff at breakfast the following morning about this and to make sure we did not receive another one the next morning).5. Breakfast was substandard.  The hard-boiled eggs were substandard and old, the milk for cereal was warm, and the entire breakfast area was a mess (dirty tables, crumbs on the counter and tables).  6. After coming back to the hotel from a jaunt to downtown Charlotte, we discovered our key cards did not work to room 202.  We both went to the front desk and found Andrea working, so we told her the key cards no longer worked.  Again, with no kind of apologetic response or empathy, she simply re-keyed our cards and slid them back on the counter to us.  She clearly did not care.  7.  Yes, I am actually up to seven.  At the time we came down to get our key cards re-keyed, there was another lodger there who was clearly waiting in line for a while.  The male staffer was also there with Andrea and finally the lodger said, "Excuse me.  I still haven't received room service" (which indicated that this was an ongoing issue with her), to which he responded very casually with no sense of concern, "Yes, we know." He went back to whatever it was that he was doing behind the desk.  That was then we dealt with Andrea and her incompetence or purposeful neglect at not keying our key cards.8. My wife happened to walk by room 200, which was open at the time, and discovered two disgruntled guests who were stunned at the room they were given.  My wife quickly summed up our experiences with them and they promptly went down to the front desk to demand another room.  Though they appeared to have gotten another room (or left), later in the evening we found a 'Do Not Disturb' card inserted in the top of the key card lock, indicating that this room had been rented out again.  Incredible.9. When we checked out, the male attendant from the previous day was there and arguing with a lodger, to whom he swore at on the phone.  The overall feeling throughout this ordeal was that we were either dealing with a fantastically incompetent hotel staff or being targeted by them for whatever reason.  Also, we did not feel entirely safe in our room since previous treatment by the staff, particularly Andrea, suggested that she may have been capable of tipping off some undesirable elements of where we were staying so as to rob us.  This is not an exaggeration.Since this was our first time to this part of the country, we had no way of knowing that this experience was to be an awful one. Please learn from our experience and steer well clear of this place.  How anyone could willingly treat people like this in such a customer service position and clearly not be bothered by people's reactions to their callous, carefree demeanor is beyond me.  I will be seeking a full refund once I am done writing this much-needed review.
2	After a flight delay, I ended up at the Quality Inn and Suites.  The place was a bit run down with the staff needing some much needed time off.  The overall quality was medium with getting a good night sleep, hot water in the morning and a basic breakfast though would not call it a continental (more like a Costco breakfast).  I would not go back as the Red Roof Inn and others adjacent are cheaper and look just fine.  Overall, if you need a quick place to stay off the highway, it would work, though I would not recommend more than a night there.  The hotel overall feels like it needs some help.
1	This was really one of the worst hotel experiences I've had. The top reason for the poor experience: the staff. They were unpleasant and frustrating every step of the way.This was a business trip and the credit card auth from my major, well-known workplace via our well-known travel agency hadn't come through. An inconvenience, but it's not like it's the first time it's ever happened. And other hotels have always understood and worked with me - it's never been an issue.With this particular hotel, though, major issue. On a Sunday night, there's not a whole lot I can do as nothing is open, but after some serious haggling, I get a key to a room. And then on Monday morning, I get a call at 8:00am telling me my personal credit card wouldn't go through. Well, of course, it won't - and they shouldn't have been trying to get it to go through anyways. And I was told that I had until noon (check-out time) to get it sorted out. And they wound up charging my personal credit card for one night's stay (even though they knew they were getting an auth from my work AND it wasn't even check-out time (they're deadline) or anything yet). And the worst part of it all was just how unfriendly the staff was. You'd think I was a criminal or something trying to scam them. I guess business travelers aren't common here.And on that note, I would say that is probably true. There were a couple of families, but for the most part the clientele was on the sketchy side. I'm never one to be put off or freaked out by a hotel, but I definitely had a prickly feeling staying here. So I would add safety to the list of concerns about this place.And finally, the rooms. Well, they aren't too too terrible. I would give the rooms themselves 2 stars. Older and not particularly well-kept. But there is a TV, fridge, microwave, desk, and plenty of lamps. Bathroom wasn't too bad either. A/C system was one of those under the window things, which is horrible and never gets the room feeling comfortable (and certainly does nothing about the dreadful humidity).So yeah, go elsewhere. There's really no reason to stay here.
3	This is a no thrills but really good hotel near the airport.Rooms were a nice size with two double beds, some come with microwaves and mini-fridges.  The tub and toilet area was pretty smallLocation was good, next to a gas station, Cracker barrel and Waffle House, also with a short drive to a Walmart and other small shopping center.All in all you get what you pay for, it isn't the Ritz but you'll get a clean room with comfortable beds in a safe area. Definitely worth the price if you're looking for a decent hotel in the Charlotte area.
1	Not even at the hotel yet and it's looking grim. Waiting over 30 minutes for my shuttle and no sight of a driver. I've tried calling the hotel numerous times and no answer ... Or ringtone for that matter. More to come. If I ever get there.
3	Staff was friendly and welcoming .Rooms appeared clean. Not bad for $55 night for a double .
1	What a horrible experience!!! The website made this place look decent for the price. It would be a huge understatement to call that misleading. We arrived and the front desk clerk was on the phone screaming, laughing, and ignoring us. She finally said to the person on the other end: "let me get off this phone and do some work". She then hung up the phone and just looked at us. We asked for an early check in because I was ill and needed rest an possibly a doctor. She simply said "NO". She was rude and extremely inconsiderate. We returned later in the evening and checked into our room. There were parties, slamming doors, yelling, loud music, airplanes landing, and everything else that might possibly keep one from relaxing. The room was small and the building is just plain dirty. If you're looking for a pleasant, clean and relaxing experience, save your money and go someplace else. I have nothing good to say about this hotel.
1	Not even at the hotel yet and it's looking grim. Waiting over 30 minutes for my shuttle and no sight of a driver. I've tried calling the hotel numerous times and no answer ... Or ringtone for that matter. More to come. If I ever get there.This just in. They FORGOT about picking me up. Nope. Not off to a good start.The stay never improved. Dirty accommodations and inattentive staff.
1	After waiting over an hour at the airport for the shuttle to arrive (alongside other guests) the shuttle finally arrived.  When I got to the hotel I walked in the doors and immediately knew I made a mistake.  There is a smell in the lobby that makes you want to shower instantly.  It only gets worse when you finally make it to your room.  Spend the extra 20.00 to stay somewhere else!
1	Grimy, dirty room.  Exposed wiring, most outlets non-functioning.  Broken furniture.  Awful!  The airport put us up here after they cancelled out flight.
