5	No reviews for the Apple Store in the Forum Shops, how strange. This is a pretty big store that fits plenty of people wanting to test drive Apple products. The staff do not bug you with questions or pressure! I think this store is one that closes later at 11 p.m. I've never been at an Apple Store so late before, but like I mentioned before, the staff don't mind you using the Macs.
4	I have purchased a few small items here and the iPhone 4. My iPhone 4 experience, only the first day of availability was from 4:30 am to 1:50 pm. Once inside, the activation and purchase went smoothly was out of the store by 2:30 pm. This store is open usually until 11pm at the time of this review, which is nice if you need something late.
5	Went in because the display on my macbook pro was out.  Turns out i needed a video card.  The genius bar guy hooked it up and replaced it without cost.  He also swapped out my old battery free of charge too.  Great experience!
4	My favorite apple store in Vegas, because it's the least busy.The only down side is that you have to walk through the entire forum mall to get there (smart design, but that's another topic), but they'll actually take time to answer your questions and do your one to one.
5	I went into the store to buy a new mouse.  The staff at this and all Apple stores are very knowledgeable, quick to serve, and give you all the answers to any questions you may have.This is not normally the Apple Store I'd go to, but I was in the neighborhood, and it filled the need.Great job, staff!
3	This location is always crowded. Service is hit and miss. I noticed that I received quicker and better service on days I didn't shower. Yes, I was keeping track. Anyway, it's better than the location at the Forum Shops which was awful.
5	I hate the apple store in my hometown. It's known for being overcrowded and staffed by less than stellar employees. I can't say that for the Vegas apple store. I walked in just to browse and price out the iPad (already a proud owner of an iPhone and Mac book). I was immediately approached by a helpful young man (Ricky) who could see I looked a little overwhelmed. He answered all my questions very thoroughly and in a way that I could understand. He totally didn't pressure me into buying. I anticipated that I'd just think about it. I ended up buying. He led me to another helpful young man (I wanna say Rich) who helped me install all my previously purchased apps. They both called me by my name and stepped in only when it looked like I was a little hopeless. It's the small things, like not treating me like an idiot or just another customer, that really count. I like this store...I wish it were in Sacamento!
5	Matthew at the Genius Bar (English guy) was over the top helpful.  Super nice guy and fixed my problems with ease.  He helped me fix my iPhone last year, but I never got a chance to write about it until now.  If his manager reads this, give this guy a raise.....or your job lol.
4	So the Apple Store at Town Square is the worst Apple Store I have ever been too... the Apple Store at the Forum Shops is easily the best one here in Las Vegas and ranks up there with the best I have been to. I had an issue with my battery on my Mac and this store took care of it no questions asked. Every time I have a simple question the staff here is more then happy to help and in general makes me remember exactly why I left PC and went to Apple. The only reason this store is a 4 not a 5 is that it is a little harder to get to Forum Shops compared to Town Square, but it is totally worth it!
2	-service was SLOW-customer service- bad(plus I was lied -to so that's another issue)-Staff needs to stop trying to sell stuff -and focus on customer satisfaction-Three days in the store for one simple issue to finally be resolved/ -store always loud which is why i stopped attending workshops offered-Only plus is store open till 11pm-please hire more tech support  to fix computers instead of waiting days
5	Great store in the Forum shops.  One of the biggest Apple Stores I have ever been in.Discovered the self scan checkout system here for my new iphone case.  You scan it from your phone and your receipt is e-mailed to you.  No need for a sales person and you just walk out without security giving you a second glance. (I am sure they have some type of technology that identifies that you have made a purchase but I couldn't figure it out.)
3	I was out of town when my phone shorted out.  They had one appointment open so I rushed over, was there one minute late so they rescheduled it for ten minutes later.   They had to replace my phone which only took a few minutes.  Everyone was nice except my genises bar rep.  She seemed more annoyed with having to help Me than anything.  She also failed to reattach my service. Luckily I am very knowledgeable on how to do it from my verizon account.  They for the most part resolved my problem but I was a little disappointed in the service based on previous experiences with my local apple store.
4	I wanted to pickup a couple of the new Apple TV boxes. I had two really bad experiences at the Town Square store so i was dreading the trip. My daughter suggested the Caesars location instead. So off to the strip we go. Parked across the street at Paris then hoofed it to the forum shops. Ok after the walk it better be good, and....it was. We went on iPad3 release day so they were a little busy and to my surprise we were greeted at the door, directed where we needed to go, they got the product and checked me out in a few minutes. The rep also told us about the Apple Checkout App. Download it, log onto the store Wi-Fi, find your item, scan it and it charges your iTunes account. He expained if they were real busy you have the option for self serve....really....wow. They got my future business. Town Square, take notice...nevermind, i forgot they dont care.
5	Had some VM access issues with my iPhone 4S.  I just happened to be meeting a friend nearby for dinner, and decided to take advantage of a few extra minutes to drop in for some quick advice or schedule a Genius Bar appointment.At first it was difficult to locate an Apple Store employee not already engaged with other customers.  But after walking back and forth around the store 1.5 times, I spotted an employee that was free.  I told him the problem I was having with the phone, and he recommended performing a hard reset (turning the phone off completely and turning it back on again) to see if that trick will resolve the issue.  It did not, since I was having problem trying to connect to Sprint inside the Forum Shops area.  So he setup an appointment for me at the Genius Bar for after dinner.As luck would have it, the phone was able to connect to Sprint as I was stepping out the door. So I was able to cancel my GB appointment.Great job!
5	Having recently moved here from Phoenix, I'm used to an Apple store in North Scottsdale that has stellar service.  After moving here, I needed a mini-displayport to VGA adapter so my first Vegas store I was subjected to was in Town Centre.  It was lower than Target or Walmart service, I just walked out.  The next day (today), I went to this one, and was greated instantly and was allowed to meander and look around without being hounded.  All I had to do was step 3 or 4 steps and say excuse me, bam.. service without any issues.  The price was even told to me before getting the product, along with making sure I was getting the right adapter for the right Apple product. (Macbook Pro vs. G4, etc because of mini-displayport vs mini-dvi)I walked out happy, and had a great conversation with the guy helping me as well.  Customer service is what it's all about, and they do it just as well if not better than Scottsdale, AZ.  That's saying something.
5	My friend accidently dropped and cracked his phone on the front and back side. Since we were already in the Forum Shops we stopped in to ask if there were any options for him as far as replacing the phone. We had to make a appointment to be seen but only had to wait a hour for it. When we returned ANDREW N. back in the "Genius Bar" was our hero. Since my friend was eligible for a upgrade he was able to swap it out for a brand new phone. His information on the cracked phone wasn't updated to his computer at home. But, Andrew N. set us up with a app that was able to sync and save at that very moment. While the phone was doing it's thing. He sat there and chatted with us, laughed and dealt with my intoxicated friends (yes, intoxicated... we are in Vegas!) I'm grateful he didn't wander off. He was able to do the final setup step just as the phone finished syncing. We were really pleased with the service Andrew N. provided. He was knowledgeable, patient, and helpful.
4	Had to check out the new Mac Book Pro with Retina Display.Nice location, great staff as usual.  Not overly busy, except on Friday and Saturday.
1	the apple store is like fighting a lion that is hungry with nothing.. my son and I went in there the other day and he told them that he had his phone 5 days and when he was at work( he is a lifeguard ) he accidentally walked in the pool with the phone in his pocket.. well that is what we said to the person that greeted us at the apple store in las vegas Nevada... so the guy started talking and stated that we would have to make an appointment to see someone about getting it fixed and it would cost about half the price of a new phone.. I asked this same person ( I would call him a gentleman, but he was by no means a gentleman, he was more like a snake) about the purchase of a warranty for my sons phone and when he could purchase it.. he said you have up to 30 days after you buy your phone to add the warranty.. so I asked him if we could just add the warranty to my sons phone and he said yes, so then I asked him what it would cost us today to get a new phone or atleast get this one fixed, he stated that it would be the $100 for the warranty and the $49.99 for to use it ( that is about $150 total) he said nothing about the whole price being over that.. I even repeated back to him what he said to me so that I was clear on the price..he said of course.. .. so then we waited the 40 min for our appointment to see the other person and he told us something completely different.. well all in all the guy lied( or did not speak the truth ) I have to say that because the manager that I spoke with said he didn't lie it was just a misunderstanding.. oh yeah, and before they even spoke with me they took this guy in the back room, had a full on conversation with him, then came back to the customer ( me) and told me sorry there isnt anything we can do because that is not how we do things... so needless to say, I was pretty upset... I am not allowed to call this jack ass a liar but they can not even get our side and already call us liars.. not good... I will not buy from this apple store ever and never will I recommend any one... I can buy an I phone a week if I wanted one and because of the service I received I will probably not buy another I phone if this is how Apple treats its honest and hard working customer.... trust me I understand that if it was our fault( which it was initially and we were willing to pay for the new phone but the principle being is that the person told us we could add the warranty and utilize it that day.... I would not have waited around for 40 mins for what I knew when I first spoke with the idiot working for apple... I would have left and came back when my son had the money to replace his phone... I am so upset with apple... they should not let people represent them if this is how they treat the customers... guess they are just to big and do not care anymore... all they care about is making money and phones.. shame, shame, shame...
4	This is not the closest Apple Store to my house but they always have available same day appointments so it's become my go to.  Service always comes with a smile and I have never walked into this store without being greeted within 30 seconds of entering.  They immediately check me in for an appointment and direct me where to wait.  I have been 3 times total and every time the problem was fixed or they gave me a new phone so they get 5 stars for solving the problem.  My only downgrade is they bounce around from person to person when your phone is loading or updating and occasionally forget to come back in a timely fashion so I usually end up spending at least 45 minutes longer than I really should here waiting on my tech to come back around.  I understand that they can help guests faster but a few extra techs would be great. Overall they do a good job!
4	I was having an issue where my iPhone randomly decided to delete a bunch of my contacts so I brought it to this store. Luckily the staff was super helpful & showed me how to set my phone to where all my contact were specifically saved to my device. Another tip is the turn off all the linked e-mail & calendar contacts so they don't show as doubles in you phone. I'm always on the strip so I'm glad to know there is a central location I can bring my phone to for any future issues, although I hope there won't be any
4	Always going to apple to either look around, or that looking around ends up turning into buying something.   Love Apple product, very friendly staff of people.. just got 2 ipads last week for my business and it was easy, walked in told them what I wanted and I was out in 10 min
3	ORIGINAL POSTMy iphone 4s home button broke for the 2nd time in 15 months.  It is now broke again and 3 months out of warranty.  The Apple Store at the Forum Shops Senior Manager-Andrea Lettus- refused any assistance with this whatsoever.  After living the in the "Apple World" with ipads, iphones, and macs, I am seriously considering leaving and going in another direction.  Seriously disappointed with their service.UPDATEWanted to update this review from 1 star to 3.  After calling the Apple Corporate Office with my issues, another Manager with the local Apple store called me back.  He inquired about the issue and took care of it "no questions asked".  It was a shame I had to go to these lengths to get something done, but Apple finally did the right thing.
1	So I have had it with the lousy software updates, with each new rendition of iOS, from 5 to 7, getting worse and worse, as well as introducing new bugs that are not resolved. In total, I have replaced my iPhone 4 once, and my iPhone 4S TWICE, all within a year of purchase. Usually its some sort of battery charging issue, it goes like this, the phone gets REALLY HOT the day before the battery fails, and very soon after that, it no longer holds a charge. It may stay at one percent, maybe it drops from 100 down to 0 in two hours or less. All THREE of the 4-Series iPhones did this to me. And it usually happens right after a hotfix patch.In particular, I have had a bad experience with THIS Apple Store. In my final iPhone 4S fiasco, I went back to the Apple Store to get it replaced because its still within the range of one year since purchase. Everything went smoothly, supposedly. Then on my way out with my refurbished replacement model, I was immediately stopped by two of the male Mac geniuses that sort of look alike (they refer each other as "Clark Kents" as some sort of inside joke). They told me to follow them back to the Genius Bar, only for me to realize that apparently I am accused as a thief as they sternly questioned me about "Where was the old iPhone?".  Only then, did the stocky blonde girl (the Concierge), managed to show them that she had it, AFTER I started YELLING at the staff that "the blonde girl has it". She FUCKING LOST THE OLD IPHONE that I gave to her in exchange for the replacement! If I hadn't made the Geniuses drag her ass back out of the break room in the back, I probably would have been arrested for a false felony grand larceny charge. And then it got worse, on my embittered way out of the store, NEW replacement phone in hand, the Geniuses actually followed my ass out profusely saying fake apologies. I no longer am one of those Apple fans. There is no amount of empty "Sorry's" and fake smiles that can draw me back. Here is another story, of a different Las Vegas Apple Store experience.My MacBook Pro, which I bought 3 years ago, is in need of a battery replacement according to the diagnostic tools that its been warning me with. But, given how I was treated at this store, and the Town Square Location (they aided a thief who stole this very MacBook in reformatting and deleting the Undercover Mac software before selling it to a pawn shop, and I had to call Metro's Property Crimes Division to use the personal information I acquired through screenshots by Undercover to get it back), I refuse to purchase or request services or support from any Apple Retailer. In fact, I even wrote a negative Yelp review of the Town Square location upon discovery of my stolen MacBook (through Wifi-Router GPS screenshots) a few years ago. I was complimented by many other Yelpers for my "slick detective work" before it was mysteriously deleted months later by Yelp. I included screenshots of a thin caucasian male Apple employee that was reformatting my formerly stolen Mac, this evidence was also taken by my Undercover Mac software. I am considerable getting some sort of Android device as replacement. I realized I should have snapped much earlier, but my older brother is some sort of die-hard Apple fan that really doesn't want to let Steve Job's dream go. I however, am very willing to burn bridges. Especially built by those who turn on not just me, but their crazed consumers. You can Google it, there was a lawyer who sued a Apple Store, search for "Michael Deverett" from Toronto over a plethora of stolen Apple products. He won surprisingly. Right now, I am digging around my laptop to see if I can find those old screenshot photos I have that implicated the Town Square location. But instead of submitting THAT along with photos on Yelp, which would surely be deleted, I am going to put it up on Google Maps.Update:Found some of the implicating evidence for the stolen laptop incident years ago at Town Square. However, I remembered that it wasn't all the screenshots. It may be in my external HDD back at home, i'll check again when I get back. Note: If these reviews get deleted, I am merely going to repost backups onto Google Maps instead.
1	Worst experience ive ever had at an Apple store. All these "geniuses" are so willing and cooperative when you're buying things but when it comes to fixing your problems the customer service goes down the drain.  i had the misfortune to meet with one such asshole of a Genius named Josh who did not even greet me or introduce himself. He chastised me for being late to my appointment. Sorry that i have a kid im responsible for and there happened to be an unexpected accident on the side of caesar's palace that i had to wait through. Im sure an entitled smug douchebag like you wouldn't understand because youre so cool working at Apple.  i've never been "helped" by someone so condescending. He told me things I already knew and told me to try fixes i've already tried. His responses were attacks towards me and basically made me feel like i was making a big deal out of nothing like my problems were nonexistent. He kept saying that the power button sticking once every 50 times is not a problem, that pulling up the camera app sometimes gives a black screen is not a problem (i even have proof of it and showed him). And a jumbled battery percentage is a software issue and can be fixed by restoring which i have done several times. Like i have the time to do that every time there is an issue.  Whats even funnier is that i was told to not restore from a backup of my phone when everything from the phone is in there.  He wasnt able to replicate the problems i had so he just dismissed me which made me feel like i wasn't important as a customer. I reasoned that i dont have the time to come in everytime my phone acts up and they cant see anything wrong with it so they just send me on my way.  Instead of listening to what I have to say and trying to understand, he just dismissed everything and made me feel like I don't know how to use my phone and that I'm not deserving of the iPhone.  He argued that my problems arent problems and i said who are you to say that when im the user of the phone and you are just someone who is here to serve me and you determine what are "problems" by using an ipad to diagnose.   Dont you know technical specs and reports differ from user experience?  He had the nerve to ask me why do those issues bother me.  Are you fucking kidding? If he wasn't such an ass hat and treated me with respect instead of spewing unsympathetic words at me while coldly staring at me, i would not have been upset.  He even went on to tell me i was wasting my time and HIS time which is ridiculous because it's his job to be there.  The fact that I was not able to get a replacement doesn't even upset me but it was his PISS POOR ATTITUDE.  Josh needs to learn some fucking manners. I feel like Apple has hired some bad apples who act as lawyers and try to argue their way out of helping a customer fix their phone or get a replacement.  I'm a rather peaceful person and not at all confrontational so I've never gotten angry at a complete stranger and even argue with them in public like this. Manager if youre reading this please fire him. Yelpers if you see him in the store please tell him he sucks.
4	So I stupidly locked myself out of my phone while I was in Vegas. Unfortunately, I didn't have a laptop with me and resigned to live for three days without a phone. Thankfully, I didn't have to wean myself off of my iPhone addiction since there was an Apple Store across the street from my hotel. So off I hopped to the Apple Store, and I was greeted by many friendly and cheery faces that were empathetic and helpful. The technicians easily fit me in for an appointment (I didn't even have to wait for a Genius Bar Appointment--WHAT??) and were extremely patient as I lamented the loss of the old Google Maps App before iOS 6. I was there for about 45 minutes because I needed to restore my data, but I was never rushed, and even though it was very busy, no one rudely asked my mom and me to leave the store, even though we had finished unlocking my phone. So thumbs up for the service, Apple Store in Vegas. This might be the one instance where I wish that what happens in Vegas did not stay there, as I would really appreciate that same level of professionalism at the Apple Stores on the East Coast.
1	So I had just bought my MacBook Pro a while back about a month or so got it on Black Friday when I bought it full price @1600.00 or so  n they gave me a free 150$ gift card as a gift also, which I thought was nice, but after a while I felt I really didn't think I needed all that computer thought I would wait an buy one with less memory downgrade. I go I ask to return it  explained why I was returning it the guy just starts checking it sees everything is good. Starts telling me that he's going to discount the gift card off of the price so I was ok I guess cause I already used it an all it's ok I thought but the thing that really disappointed me is that they are going to mail me a check, it's going to take 2-3 weeks to get to me! I can't believe this when I bought this laptop I paid cash I didn't give them no freaking check saying cash it in 2-3 weeks it's stupid how they treat customers returning their merchandise I could tell they didn't like it when said I was returning they're stupid computer so now I have to wait on a check for 1450.00 dollar check  because of a gift card they gave me as a gift wow, good luck to anybody returning something there.
4	Was able to pop in and charge our phone while shopping in Vegas. Saved the day! Very friendly customer service. Was even able to log onto email while I was waiting for my phone to charge. Thank you!
5	How can you not love this store! I feel like a kid in a candy store!! Staff always helpful and same state to state. Great job apple!
5	One of my goals for Las Vegas this year was to acquire a new iPad Mini with Retina Display.  I did my research beforehand and found that the closest Apple Store to where I was staying (Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino) was the Apple Store inside Caesar's Palace.After making my long (like half a mile) trek to Caesar's I wandered into what I thought was the front doors.  Quite unfortunately the signage to anything but "throw away money here" is a little bit sparse.  It took me about 20 more minutes of walking, and asking many Casino employees before I was headed towards the mall.  I FINALLY made my way in, and was instantly greeted by a nice Apple Person.  I don't know what their title is actually called.  I asked if they had the iPad in stock that I wanted.  "Yes", Apple Person replied, wandered off for a minute and put it in my hand.I asked if they had the black leather case I wanted."Yes", Apple Person replied, wandered off for a minute and put it in my hand.I asked if they had new headphones?"Yes", Apple Person replied, wandered off for a minute and put it in my hand.Apple Care?"Ok....Done."In less than 5 minutes I gotten everything I wanted, paid, and was done.  Easily the best shopping experience I had.Then I remembered I wanted to ask about my phone.  I have an old 4s, that is kinda limping these days.  It sustained some injuries in its younger and wilder days, and just doesn't run like it use to.  Runs out of steam early you know?So I found my Apple Person again, and asked what my options were.  They spent the next 10 minutes coaching me about all my options today, or when I return to Canada.  Apple Person was surprisingly knowledgeable about Canadian prices and policies.I decided to wait it out, as I hadn't backed up my phone recently enough but was armed with the knowledge to slay the dragon of my phone decisions.I wish all shopping experiences could be like this.
4	After my 2011 macbook pro suddenly would not turn on, I took it to the folks at this apple store.  Everyone I spoke with was courteous and clear with me.  After leaving it with them for a week, (during which multiple attempts were made to get my computer running again) Armando called me to say they would just be giving me a new computer. It was ready with all of my data transferred later that evening. The main thing I took from this experience? Always. Buy. Applecare. But really, Armando and his team of geniuses killed it. I couldn't be happier with the service I received.
4	This Apple Store is probably the most helpful in terms of the Genius Bar. They really know their stuff at this location. Not only is the Forum Shops Apple super clean and organized; it also has some if the coolest, nicest employees of the bunch! When you're in need of some help from Apple, you need kind, patient people!! And FS has them :) Apple has some of the most competitive, streamline products on the market. they are a good company that knows how to make money and consistently spits out some of the best programs anyone has ever seen.but Apple can be overrated in both price and look. change is good, Apple. Change is good.
4	Always a fan of the Apple Store and still surprised that other retailers have not tried to emulate the smoothness of a visit here. Where are the cash registers? Well, there are none. See anyone walking around in an Apple shirt and they will check you out on the spot (or help you with whatever you are looking for). Better yet, use the Apple Store app on the iPhone to check yourself out if you are buying something off the shelf.The location is wonderful and the shops at Forum are a breath of sanity amongst the chaos that has come to define Las Vegas.
1	***This is a extension of my previous review of all of my Apple product and Apple Store Reviews, I believe you can see my older review of the Apple Store and all of my gripes by clicking on some nearby link next to this review****Update 4-11-14:Wow I am seriously pissed now.My mid-2010 Macbook Pro, as it turns out, was built with a manufacturing defect regarding the wiring to the battery damaging the top case that holds my keyboard. I found out that my old and what was supposed to be a RELIABLE laptop intermittantly has issues with the keyboard and trackpad. It just randomly stops working!Let me repeat that... both my keyboard and trackpad RANDOMLY STOPS WORKING! As in, not responding at all. The keys are still backlit with that trendy white lighting underneath the keys, and my Logitech mouse that I have owned for two years still responds, but I cannot type shit now. Tried moving my trackpad, nothing works. Only my aftermarket mouse does anything. I noticed that a quick fix would be to close and reopen the lid, but so far I only managed to try this once because I am in the middle of a assignment at school. It happened before weeks ago, and back then I did a hard-restart by holding down the power button. Searching Google on the topic, I was appalled to learn that this issue has been prevalent for SIX YEARS! In fact, according to a lengthy TWENTY FIVE PAGE technical support thread on the Apple Discussion Board, the most recent posting was on April 10th, 2014, and the EARLIEST post regarding similar issues was in January 27th, 2008!Here is the link: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1365569?start=0&tstart=0That would be (according to a date-calculator), 6 years, 2 months, and 14 days that this issue has been prominent and UNRESOLVED as a manufacturing defect! In other words, 2,265 days have passed and the manufacturing issue has still NOT BEEN CORRECTED!Skimming through each page of the 6+ year forum post, the majority of the culprits points towards the shoddy manufacturing of the Top Case, Battery Wiring as well as the Battery itself. Over use, the battery has a tendency to expand, pressing and damaging the wiring against the bottom of the Top Case (it's what goes over your keys on your laptop). Average price for the repair, which is NOT A GUARANTEED FIX?!? $310 to $400.Are you fucking kidding me?!? A design flaw like this is worthy of a RECALL, something along the priority of General Motors and faulty ignition switches. My laptop is 4 years old, I have no intention of buying a new MacBook Pro because recent posts in the forum discussion shows that even brand new post 2013 models with Retina Display also suffers from the keyboard/trackpad shutdown issues. I have invested $1,100 of my student loan money in the year of 2010 to purchase this laptop, that I expect to be streamlined with what I thought was going to be SUPERIOR engineering and design. A additional $200 for AppleCare that has already expired roughly 1 or 2 years ago. I am not spending a additional more-than-a-third of the original value of the laptop just to fix a design flaw that gets in the way of my studies (I take online classes as well, which often have TIMED EXAMS, I need every minute to ensure that I achieve grades that are reflective of the effort I put into my studies, "disconnections" caused by me closing and reopening the lid to make sure my laptop keyboard works again IS NOT A ACCEPTABLE EXCUSE for a lower grade according to my Accounting syllabus). I will not tolerate faulty design anymore. You can read my older reviews of Apple Stores and Apple Inc. to learn of my frustrations with dealing with this company. Instead of spending $400 to make my keys work reliably, I am going to spend that money on a netbook that is not made by Apple.Shortly from the time I post this review, I will upload photos of similar frustrations reflected by other MBP users from the forum post.
1	OK, This is Las Vegas on a Holiday weekend and a trip there is an adventure. I saw phone after phone destroyed from pools. I feel for the tourists. My 4s phone was in perpetual re-boot due to an mysterious operating system apple snafu. After trying I Tunes to restore the phone and failed I went to this store on Sat night and they tried the same. After the technician failing he made appointment on Sunday. They said the better Technicians would take look. I went back there at my appointment time and waited for 30 minutes only to be told they could not fix it. Of course they offered to sell a new phone but could not say what is wrong with mine. If that is h solution then I may be crazy but why do I want to buy another junk phone? The technician had NO answer to how to fix my phone. This is a total waste of my time and money. Apple is not getting another penny for their products after my experience in their store at he Fashion Show Mall. Am I wrong but that not one of the Technicians knew anything?
1	Few times in my life have I ever been so disappointed with a business' customer service. Went online at 9am for a "genius" squad repair appointment... 1st available was at 615pm. Got there 30 min early,  and they still were 30 min late for my scheduled apt, and even though I didn't move from my spot for the entire hr that I waited... (and the store was not that busy but the technicians were busy goofing off and chatting with each other)... the "genius" still said, "are you Jen? I was looking for you." Strike 1 for being late, strike 2 for acting like I was wandering around and putting the blame on me. After that, they quoted me  $549 to replace the display on a macbook pro laptop,  15" 2009 model. The screen is separating from the metallic shell but the screen itself is not broken. I think that is absurd for a repair, since a brand new computer starts at $800. The manager, Ryan was unprofessional and condescending.  Strike 3. Never going back!
5	I have never felt like an idiot while being in the store. The staff is always extremely friendly and willing to help. I don't know how much praise they get, but these guys should be tipped!!! I had accidentally made an appointment for the other Apple Store, but the staff help me right away anyways and brought my phone back to life.
5	FAN FAN FAN FAN FAN. Did I say fan? yes indeedy folks, this is the store that gets the highest rating in my book. Daniel is a GREAT teacher, and so is Brian. Patient, kind, lots of smiles, ; put you at ease; don't make you feel like a jerk :), you get the picture. Like Robert said, you never feel like an idiot. Love you guys, you're the best.
5	I was here on my Vegas trip. This store is in The Forum Shops on top floor i guess. All of a sudden my camera hanged and i would have not been able to take pictures and my I phone in a way wouldn't work so thought to visit this store and my cell phone was about to be switched because of no battery.Luckily i was right near the forum shops so went there and Found a nice associate i.e Alex. He was very approachable, wished me , told me i will not be able to get any appointment in 2 hours or somebody cancels then we will look in to your matter. However till then he allowed to charge my phone there  for 20 minutes and then he said we can look in your phone so i just waited 20 minutes and then he helped looking in the matter and then problem was my memory was full and had to delete data , that's y he told to delete data.I did and then i told him i don't want to delete pictures. Can you take back up on my mac and he said, sure. And finally all 3 things were taken care. Alex gave very good service from greeting, problem hearing, helping and problem resolving. Very nice experience visiting this location.
5	This Apple Store has exactly what I look for in their stores.  Great Genius Bar with knowledgable staff and friendly people that are willing to listen to you and your concerns.  JR Salas at the Genius Bar helped me out tremendously. After I made an appointment, he listened to my concerns with my iPhone. He went above and beyond to make sure I received the best possible outcome.  JR is someone who exemplifies the great qualities that Genius Bar has which make it so praiseworthy. I am extremely grateful for the services and support that they provided and I would recommend this Apple Store to anyone.
2	Bad customer service.My iphone 5 qualified for the free battery replacement so I went online to make a genius bar appointment. Ignore for a second how preposterously pompous it is that I am required to make an appointment with a "genius" , which apparently to Apple means someone with too many tattoos and piercings, also ignore that there were no geniuses available for 6 days, just focus on the fact that I have an appointment. It is for 2:30.I get to the store at 2:25 and walk in. There has got to be 30 employees working in the store based on the number of blue shirts. This impresses me- that is a lot of people working there on a Saturday. A few of them greet me and I let them know I am here to  see a genius. They direct me to the back of the store and tell me to wait in a little line. it is now about 2:30. I have arrived on time for my scheduled genius time.2:45 I am finally met by a genius, we will call him Einstein. Einstein informs me that he is not the actual genius that will be helping me, he is just the genius that is checking me in- a job worthy of a genius. He asks me why I am here (something I filled out online and something the greeter already asked me). He lets me know that another Genius, lets call him Tesla, will be helping me shortly.2:55 Tesla greets me and asks me why I am here. We rehash it. He then gets a macbook out and checks to see if my phone qualifies for battery replacement on the website. He then repeats the process on an Ipad. This is baffling but he is pretty fast so the whole thing takes 10 seconds. He sort of blabbers/fills time for about 5 minutes while he does who knows what on his ipad before taking my phone and telling me it will be done in 45 minutes.I then go to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and knock back some drinks to cope with this whole process, the highlight of the trip.4:30 I return well after the 45 minutes this would allegedly take. We repeat the same process- 20 people ask me the same questions about why I am here. I am here to pick up a phone. In hindsight I know this involves someone walking up to me and handing me the phone- there is no paperwork, i didn't need to check anything or sign something, literally someone needs to hand me a phone.  Eventually I am informed that a lady genius, lets call her Marie, is the only genius who can get my phone ( I asked). As she is working for her 77 cents on the dollar Marie is dealing with about 5 other customers at once as 20 dude geniuses roam around the store shooting the breeze. Real nice apple. During this time I have a conversation, and by that I mean I am spit on, by another customer who is picking up his computer and has been waiting for 45 minutes. Not encouraging. After waiting about 20 minutes I spy a genius just sitting on a stool literally staring at the wall. I walk over and say Marie told me to ask him to get my phone, which he then does.For the number of employees present, the organization of this place is terrible making customer service useless. I get that there may only be a few people trained to actually replace the battery, but a Monkey could have done the sign in/pickup process so there is no excuse for it taking more than a minute. Also, I had a reservation. I don't think apple knows what reservations mean. Anyone can TAKE reservations, you have to actually enforce them.
5	best apple experience ever! Super quick and easy. I had a broken screen and was given a brand new phone under warranty. Byrd is the best, very friendly and knowledgable !!
