5	Delivery time was amazingly quick. Pizza was good, and hot. Drunk food never tasted soooo good! Delivery guy was actually quite nice, and normal looking. I had to speak to the manager because 1-800 dominos couldn't figure out where i lived. He was very nice, and sounded sexy! I kinda wished he'd delivered my pizza....Trust me. You don't want to miss the Philly Cheese Steak pizza. It's delicious!
4	Decided to try the whole "New Domino's Pizza" last night and was surprised by how good it was. A million times better than the old. The crust actually was good and soft more like a wood fired pizza than typical delivery pizza, and had a very good taste to it. It has some seasoning on it reminding me of Hungry Howies garlic herb crust just not as strong. The toppings were good but nothing spectacular (i had pepperoni, olive, and onion) the peperoni wasn't as greasy as i remembered it so it was good. Sauce had a good garlic tomato taste and way better than the bland old stuff.Now the most important part for a review like this for any college student: the second day taste test. I had my leftovers for breakfast and it heated up in the toaster very well. The crust didn't get hard it stayed soft and edible. The toppings held their flavor and it was a really good slice of leftover pizza.Overall verdict is that Domino's has come a long way no longer is it  in with the Little Cesar's and Pizza Hut's of the world but up a step into the class with Papa John's and Hungry Howies out there. I still will take Hungry Howies ahead most days for price and taste but Domino's has done enough to earn my business on occasion.
5	Yeah, I'm giving a Domino's Pizza five stars. Whatcha gonna do about it?Here's why. I know Domino's isn't a high class joint, but you have to rate it against what it is. Among inexpensive pizza delivery places, I think this particular Domino's is pretty damn good.1. You can order online, and then a tracker gives you by-the-minute updates on your pizza's status.2. They ALWAYS have coupons, and they're easy to use online.3. They deliver fast. I've had pizza in my mouth within 20 minutes of clicking "order."4. I like the new recipe pizza. It's not gourmet, but if I wanted gourmet, I wouldn't be ordering Domino's. I ordered Domino's because I wanted something greasy and hot that pairs well with my beer.5. They are cheap! I get convenience, speed, and tastiness for a minimum price!
5	Domino's?  Yeah, Domino's!Gone are the past days of Domino's sh*tty pizza.  This stuff is pretty dang good now, and their online ordering system (even found on an iPhone app) makes it really easy to customize.Taste?  Um, really good.  Their pizza with extra sauce and thin crust competes with some of the best tasting pizza I've had in recent memory.  You can also find a great deal online (via coupon) where you can buy two or more medium pizzas for $5.99 each.  Buy several of these and you can end up saving 50% on your family's dinner.  Plus, everybody gets the kind of pizza (toppings, etc.) that they want.Yes, five stars, and I'm not the only one.  You've tried the others, now go back to Domino's and try them again.
2	Terrible service!! Stood there waiting to order with three people behind the counter. No one greeted me nor said a word. I'll never go back!
1	They don't allow for online ordering and did not pick up the phone when I called in the order. Either they are shut down or they are the worst Domino's Pizza I have ever encountered.
1	I've eaten at Dominos once.. And I don't think I'll ever be back. My coworkers and I had order lunch with some garlic bites.. Those were cold and the extra sauce we ordered and paid for? No where to be found. When we started eating the pizza, that was cold as well.. It tasted like it was sitting out forever! So when I called and told them about everything being cold and the missing sauces, I was promised a replacement  pizza my next visit. But when I called to redeem it, they didn't have my name on file! Not to mention how rude the employee was! If you want cold pizza, and bad service, dominos is the place for you!
4	Almost always awesome service. I ordered once a week for eyar. For a while, I'm not sure what was going on, but the service was horrible. The manager call me to say I was a liar and I think might have called me a bitch, too. I think they had drug addicts running the place, or something. I told him to get help. That was a short period of time. Dominos corporate gave me like $100. It took me months to return, but I'm happy with the service again.
4	I drive out of my way to go here because it's way better than the Domino's right near my house. For a Domino's it's pretty good.
5	God Love these Guys!!!!My Husband and I bought our house 7 years ago, and we love that our location has a huge variety of take out/delivery.  Don't get me wrong, we love cooking, and we are very healthy guys(yes we're two gay guys).  What I mean is that we love cheat food....  Having a dominos this close is pretty awesome, add that we introduced ourselves when we first moved to the neighborhood and its been pretty rad ever since.  We're not the fat kid loving cake eating kids, but we do love to indulge.  When we order from there, we love how laid back, yet professional the staff has been.  We can call or order online, and our delivery guy/girl has always been appreciative and professional.  Owning a restaurant business has always pushed us to tip 20%, but we are very crucial, customer oriented people, so it really means a lot when we actually do.  I can honestly say that I have never tipped these guys less than 20%. In fact, I can tell you an awesome experience we had last fall when we ordered dominos on Halloween, because we were bored and there were no kids coming down our cup-de-sac.  Our niece came over to help pass out candy, but after 3 hour of no kids we decided to order pizza and enjoy all the extra pizza... NO JOKE, after about 2 minutes of ordering the pizza we started getting a swarm of kids, I called dominos and asked if they could add an extra 8 pizzas to our order and the manager said absolutely!!!  That was the best answer I could get.  I ended up giving the delivering driver Devin 3 jumbo size bags of full size snicker and Kit Kat because I really appreciated him working that night, and told him to share with the nights staff. . . We also tipped hime 50 bucks, because he walked up to our door, whispering boooooooo.  This is the type of customer service that makes the difference in reviews... so, to get to the point... This dominos  is awesome, the employees are awesome, and I hope you will have the same experience when ordering from them!    -Jamie
5	Always on time with your order; new store design is nice for customers. Oh, the pizzA is killer, especially the sauce - ALWAYS GET XTRASAUCE
1	I love Dominoes, and I USUALLY like this location, but I will not be ordering from this store again after tonight. We spent $30 on two pizzas and stuffed cheesy bread, and both pizzas were prepared wrong. The pizza we ordered for our children was supposed to be half pepperoni and half bacon... and they skipped the bacon entirely. Our pizza should have been Italian sausage and black olives... And they didn't put on any sausage. I also paid the stupid extra fee for a cup of marinara sauce for the cheesy bread... No marinara. All of this could have been solved nicely if the manager had simply gotten on the phone when we called and helped right the wrongs... But he didn't. He yelled at his employee from across the room what to say to us and made the poor kid be the middle man for the whole conversation. Refused to refund us or do anything to remedy the situation. Sorry Dominoes. You lost four customers today.
