4	Denise was so nice and she did a great job.  Do not let the other review scare you. She did a wonderful job. Went over the color choices and gave suggestions on what the appropriate color choice would be, then went over what shape I wanted. She listened to everything I said and followed what I wanted. She uses a numbing gel so you will not feel a thing. Very happy with everything and will recommend her to my friends.
5	I had never had permanent makeup done and had lost my brows due to chemo and age. Denise was patient and matched the color I asked for. I was concerned because I'm blonde and didn't want brows that looked too dark or unnatural. I've had nothing but compliments from everyone and love the work she's done. I highly recommend her work.
4	Just had the eyeliner done and as far as I can tell Denise did a great job.  Won't be able to give 5 stars until I put my contact in (my glasses don't work as well as my contacts) and also see my eyes after the healing period.  But so far so good.  I was definitely nervous since there wasn't many reviews and the bad review made me a little nervous as well.  I went ahead with the procedure because I figured that if there was only 1 bad review then she must be pretty good.  After all, most people only bother to do a review if they are unhappy.  I vowed that I would do a review regardless of whether I was happy or not... so here it is.  I will try to remember to update when everything is healed.
5	Denise did a wonderful job on my eyes. I had the eyeliner on the top and bottom done. It is a tattoo so needless to say it was a little painful. What beauty is painless?! I did let my anxiety get the best of me and poor Denise had to stop a million times!
5	Denise is very professional and does an exceptional job. I would recommend her to anyone. She takes the time to explain everything and answers all your questions. Would not go anywhere else.
5	Denise was very friendly upon meeting. She first had me draw on my eyebrows with a pencil to get an idea of what I want. She then made some suggestions that were very helpful and exactly what I wanted! She seems very knowledgeable and experienced. The procedure didn't take long. She used a numbing cream to help reduce the pain. After she finished, she went over after care. So far, I like the work but I need to wait for it to heal which can take a few weeks to see final results. I would definitely see Denise again and recommend her to anyone wanting cosmetic tattooing!
1	Denise did my top and bottom eyeliner in July. She never mentioned how dialated my pupils would be, very unsafe to drive. She argued with me very arrogantly when i questioned her use of scented, generic baby wipes to scrub my eyes (open wounds at that point).Next day my eyes were swollen shut, then were red and oozed pus for 3 days! The top liner did not stay AT ALL, it came completely off! When we asked for partial money back or for her to fix in some way, you want talk about rude and unprofessional! She did not show kindness or offer to make it right in any way. I've NEVER seen anything like her in my life.
5	I first got permanent brows about 6 or 7 years ago. I was fortunate that the lady I picked to do them for me in Tempe was pretty good. The shape was something I could live with but the color turned reddish brown, not good for my skin tone. I had her touch them up a year later and again, I could live with the result because no brow is going to be knockout amazing, right? In a couple of years I got lip and eyeliner done. The lip liner I am totally happy with, the eyeliner was spotty and a bit uneven in places, but eyeliner rocks! Last year I found Denise when she ran a special on eyeliner. She redid mine, evened out the rough spots and recommended that I go darker than what I asked for. She was right and it looks wonderful. I finally decided recently that my brows had faded way too much to be ok, I was forced to fill in with pencil each day, which to me is why I got permanent brows in the first place, so that makeup application wasn't necessary every day, right? So I called Denise who happened to be running another special, and set up an appointment to do my brows last Thursday at noon. She had me draw the shape plus bring the pencil so she could be sure to match the shade. When I got home I couldn't stop staring at them in the mirror. The lines were so nice, they looked awesome. Plus all the red tone was gone, none peeking through. Today is Tuesday. I took good care to maintain a light layer of Vaseline and didn't rub. This evening they are done, fully shed and beautiful. I couldn't be happier. They are amazing, the color is perfect and they look so good I won't need to fill with pencil.When I'm ready, I will go back for an eyeliner refresher. Denise gets my business. Thank you, Denise!
5	If I could give Denise more than five stars I would. A few days ago I had my eyebrows tattooed. Today they look perfectly normal, shaped beautifully, and completely natural. Denise was very professional and friendly. The building was decorated super cute and it was clean. I will recommend Denise to all my friends.
