1	I could not get my point across and felt horribly disrespected as a parent. I was asked inappropriate questions and was told to stop breastfeeding and to formula feed because his wife did and their kids are fine. In my opinion, no doctor should try to persuade a mother to stop breastfeeding, period. No doctor should question a mother who is making safe, healthy choices for their child. After hearing a two year old boys being circumsized in office, I went home and immediately started looking for a new pediatrician.
4	Recommended by a fellow mom while at my son's elementary school, we decided to make an appointment to get my toddler caught up on his immunizations. Dr. Tanase was thorough and spent quite a bit of time going over my child's medical history. He also showed us all his online resources and had me fill out an online questionaire to detect autism. I thought the questionaire was a bit overboard considering, I, as a parent feel that if I suspect something wrong in my child - only then should I fill out a questionaire, but 1-2 minutes was all it took, no big deal. Dr. Tanase also returns phone calls for questions very promptly - which I appreciate. He doesn't compare to my childhood pediatrician that I loved and took my own kids to before he retired, but I do appreciate the care he provides and his office staff are friendly and professional.
5	Incredible pediatrician!! When we went to our first appointment at 9 months, I was a little turned off only because I've always had a hearing impairment and accents have always been difficult for me to understand. Dr. Tanase has a pretty thick one and he often talks very fast! But he checked things Navy doctors before him never did and even found potential hip dysplasia (thank goodness my boy just has one leg that's longer than the other, but he was still the first to notice!). I thought highly of him for that alone. But then on Christmas Day, my son ended up with that horrible flu going around. It was the first time he's ever been sick and I was very worried because he hadn't had a flu shot yet since he was still under 1. So I called Dr. Tanase's office and left a message, not expecting to hear back that day. But about an hour later, on Christmas Day(!!!!) he called me back! He spent about 15 minutes talking to me and telling me when to worry and what to do... I loved him even more! Lastly, today we went in for the 12 month well child and presented him with all kinds of concerns. My husband and I literally have zero experience with babies or children, never around any growing up. So we are learning as we go here and Tanase understood. He spend well over an hour with us giving us example situations and telling us how to handle each one. He demonstrated many to us and didn't mind explaining how and why it worked. We walked in there confused and exhausted, maybe even a bit frustrated. But we left feeling happy and confident in ourselves as parents! It was an awesome feeling! I very highly recommend him to anyone looking!!
