5	We've been coming here for a couple years.   It's clean, the staff knows us here. I noticed they did some remodeling, and it's for the best.  I was here to use my $10 dining credit and our server was Nicole. She's really nice and I always know we're in good hands if she's our server. This is a great family run business and to my surprise I don't think I've ever ordered a desert here. Today was the day, I and a friend both got the Chocolate Bunt cake. It was served hot, and delicious but I honestly couldn't finish it.
5	My family and i love this place. They always honor active and veteran military,  which is big plus for our family
5	Found Emily's on Yelp - the reviews were pretty good and we were STARVING!!  Walked in and had to fight the urge to do an about face.  My husband was getting a little hangry so we stayed - and boy am I glad we did!  I admit I was expecting something a little more aesthetically pleasing, but it turns out the place was much more than just the lazy little diner it appeared to be.  The service was dynamite!  We were so well taken care of, we had three different people serving us.  The servers were polite, friendly, and kept our drinks topped off.  They were not intrusive but gave us just the right amount of attention.The food HIT. THE. SPOT!!  My husband ordered chicken and mashed potatoes.  The chicken was tender and juicy.  I had been craving a pastrami Reuben for DAYS - it was not on the menu but my request was accommodated with no issue.  The sandwich blew my mind!  It was hot, melty, crunchy, and delicious; easily the best I've ever had!  Not only was the food absolutely delicious but the prices were unbelievably good for the amount of food we got.  The cherry on my sundae came when I heard the story about the old portrait of a handsome military man on the wall - the owner's grandfather.  The owners really value veterans and I understand they provide free lunches to vets on Veteran's Day.  Wish I would have had more time to check out all the military photos on the wall.  Give Emily's a shot.  You'll be glad you did!!
5	Looking for something other than the usual IHOP for the family. THIS PLACE IS A HIDDEN GEM!!I had a Cobb  salad for 7.99. That's cheaper than it was 20 years ago. What surprised me though was the presentation. It just wasn't slapped together. Cooks took their time. The toppings were fresh. Turkey and ham was cut and the cheeses were sliced perfectly. Let's just say that you got your money's worth. The kids who are picky, both enjoyed the kids menus and the plain beef tacos looked very good.Service was excellent and laid back. I also split a chicken quesadilla. Let me tell you God's honest truth. That was the best 3.99 money ever spent. I swear, It was the best quesadilla I ever ordered but then again I have never ordered a chicken cheese Q. It's extremely larger than your average Q.The negatives was none except it was located in an open air casino. And the music was awesome. Either classic hits from Sam Cook or The Miracles or 80's hits like Soft Cell or Modern English. Very eclectic tastes
1	Was not acknowledged at the entrance and watch 8 employes walk by and no one asked for assistance. Shame that even when they gave us our drinks, we seen our waiter be friendly with our neighbor tables and not care about us!!!! Don't go there! They do not  have the the staff to accommodate! Do not go there!!! Not GAY FRIENDLY!!!!
4	This place has good old American comfort food at a reasonable price.  The food is inexpensive and tastes good.  Who could ask for more?   But wait, they do have more! They also have daily specials which are incredibly inexpensive. So you really can't go wrong with this place.
3	Hidden in the deeper parts of Henderson you'll find this quiet cafe.Looks are typical & nothing to brag about but the silent arena leaves room for great conversation. Perfect for a quick "let's get something to eat, honey" type date or ideal for a business person to type up some work duties.Definitely a casual setting. Friendly staff & though the food wasn't to die for.. it was very delicious!!I wouldn't mind coming back..- RJay
