1	I had to deal with this place after a close relative passed and another relative asked we use Davis' services - Davis and many of their staff were unprofessional and of marginal/questionable competency, and the manager and the 'funeral agent' did not have the honor or courage to face me regarding their complete disrespect for me and my family during this difficult time, and address any of my concerns.Needing service and assistance for arrangements for my deceased relative during this very difficult time, that required sensitivity, respect and dignity, Davis, their staff and their management offered none of these attributes in their services or interactions.I would not recommend this place to my fiercest enemy.
5	We recently used Davis Funeral home when a relative passed away. Unlike the previous reviewer, I found the staff to be kind, respectful, helpful, and accommodating. We worked with Brian and he was very organized and helped us go through the planning process step by step. Because of the nature of the situation I find it hard to say the experience was pleasant, I can say that the staff did everything they could to make a very difficult time easier. Thank you!
2	My grandfather recently passed away in December 2013, the day after Christmas to be exact, and we were forced to use Davis since he and my grandmother had pre-purchased their plots back in the late 90s when Palm owned this funeral home and cemetery. My uncle chose to handle all of the additional arrangements so I can not comment on how easy or difficult that process was, but the two times prior to the service that my sister called with a question, the two different women that answered the phone each had a horrible attitude. At a time when family members who are mourning the loss of a loved one should have been given kindness, sympathy and caring, we instead received curt responses that filled the air with outright attitude. Not to mention, it was the holiday season on top of everything else!!When we showed up for the service it was as if I walked into a mortuary straight out of the 1970s. Everything from the paint, furniture and carpet looked severely dated and the air both smelled and felt musty and old. The few staff members I personally met at this time were helpful in getting the slideshow and video services organized, and they did seem considerate. The lowering of his casket went well and I found the graveside staff (groundskeepers) the most respectful employees we encountered during our time at Davis.A week later when my sister called again to ask a few questions about how the death certificate process worked, she was again spoken to with attitude and Tina, the woman she dealt with this time, made it obvious that it troubled her to pull my grandfather's file and see if copies of the certificate were pre-ordered. Heaven forbid she do her job!Both of my grandparents are now buried here, however, overall I certainly would never recommend, nor use, Davis for any of their services unless they gave their staff AND their funeral home a much needed upgrade!
