5	I was referred to Dr. Wittenberg by one of the orthopedic surgeons I called about my foot (and they only did hand and neck). Dr Wittenberg and his staff are super cool, laid back people that are knowledgeable of the insurance highways and byways. I have a pre-existing injury with my foot that I have to see specialists for every couple of years. My insurance has paid for this before but they are getting a bit weird about what they will and wont cover. So after speaking with Dr. Wittenberg regarding this, he said he would set his insurance sleuths on the case to get the skinny on what is really up before we do all this work and then the insurance flakes.I was super happy with Dr. Wittenberg. He has a very kinda "chairside" manner and I look forward to working with him more in the future with this situation.
5	Dr. Wittenberg is fantastic and had my best interests in mind as a patient.  I've been dealing with pretty severe foot pain (bone spur and plantar fasciitis) for some time now.  I saw a couple of different podiatrists in Vegas that were really terrible...both told me I would need surgery with a 3-4 month recovery period.  To start, Dr. Wittenberg spent quite a bit of time understanding my situation, working with my feet and then taped my feet for the fasciitis - I experienced immediate relief.  He continues to work with me on my foot issues using common sense, non-invasive treatments.  There aren't a lot of good docs in this town but he is one of them.  If you have foot pain or if another doc has told you that you need something radical done to your feet, go to Apache for solid first or second opinion.
5	Came to Dr. Whittenberg on referral from a couple of people to take care of foot issue.  Though I was a bit anxious going into it, Dr. W and his practice made me feel very comfortable.  Made my appointment, was brought to a room (on-time, gasp!) where Dr. W made an evaluation, answered my questions, went to work, made a little small talk, and then off I went.  Simple, easy, comfortable, clean facilities.  Will not hesistate to use/refer Dr. W again for any foot issues.
5	After a number of years of trying different doctors of podiatry ,it was recommended to me by a couple of nurses and a doctor to try Dr Wittenberg. After non aggressive approach and looking at Xrays it was determined that I needed surgery, it was tough decision because I play sports and have a physical job. He assured me if I did everything he said I would be able to run and have my life back. The first three days after surgery were more than rough I had five toes worked on with pins in each toe. A month later, he said I would thank him. I  saw him yesterday for my follow up, and I can't believe the improvement today. I sent pictures of the surgery to a friend that works in a hospital in California, he showed the pictures to a number of doctors, they commented on how good the surgery looked. I want to highly recommend my doctor. If you are planning on doing any foot procedure, you should definitely see Dr. Wittenberg. The staff is great and he is an expert.  Well, thank you Dr Wittenberg for performing my surgery, I'll be playing tennis in about a month.
5	Dr. Wittenberg is amazing. I went to him after having complications from previous surgeries done by another doctor. Dr. Wittenberg took great care to make sure the problems I was having were solved. His staff is always cheerful and helpful. I would reccommend his office to anyone with foot problems.
5	I was recommended to Dr Wittenberg by a friend who's daughter suffered from sever plantar fasciitis. I had been to three different podiatrists in the past and each one had diagnosed me with some form of plantar fasciitis or tendinitis. Each separate Doctor had no other "cure" than x-rays that didn't show much, and trying to get me to purchase their shoe inserts.      I was having intense sharp pain on the top of my foot and called Apache Foot and Ankle Specialist first thing in the morning. Dr Wittenberg was unavailable that day but Dr. Hong was. I was worried about another podiatrist passing me off but needed to see someone that day. I am so thankful I did! Dr Hong was the most professional, thorough, podiatrist I had seen in years! Dr Hong took the time to thoroughly look over my feet, after a complete exam Dr Hong determined I did not have plantar fasciitis or tendinitis. I had a back problem causing nerve damage and nerve pain in my foot. She recommended we numb the nerve to be certain. She quickly gave me a shot to numb the particular nerve she suspected and I was instantly pain free. Dr Hong discovered a problem three prior doctors in this town had missed. I am thankful to finally know my problem and take the correct steps to fix it and I owe it all to the care and patience she puts into her work. If you are suffering from any foot related issues visit Apache Foot and Ankle, I truly believe they are the best in town!
1	Just not a great experience, tried to over sell a surgery  for my som and I said I wasn't sure till I reserached both him and procedure, he left room!!
1	STOP Read this!  Omg, based on yelp reviews I went to Dr. Wittenberg and I regret receiving treatment from him. Afterwards I  consulted with two other doctors and I was informed the ligament at the base of my second toe was blown out due to the cortisone shot I was given by Dr. W.  I was told this normally isn't done as the ligament isn't strong enough to handle cortisone directly into it.  I now need to have surgery where they will take a tendon from under the toe to recreate the ligament.  Dr. W's response?  A letter that he won't be my doctor anymore! DUH?   Yesterday I received an exorbitant bill from his office, today I am contacting a malpractice attorney.  Do not go here!
5	I have seen numerous Podiatrists for 50 years.  I have always had a problem with my feet.  In 1965 had an accident that required surgery on my ankle and have had problems ever since.  I could never get a podiatrist to take the pain and mechanical issues seriously since. Each looked it over suggested surgery and feigned care.  As a diabetic, I was looking for more. Dr. Wittenberg is the only one who listened and was willing to listen and work with me without surgery.  I may elect to have it eventually, but that is not the solution I was looking for.  He is definitely the only Dr I have seen in all these years who had the training, experience, expertise, courage and ethics I was after. This Dr. knows his stuff, and rises far above the sea of medical mediocrity available here in Las Vegas.  He is hard working and talented.  If you are looking for someone to help you solve your foot problems who will listen and focus on YOUR problems, call Dr. Wittenberg.
5	Dr. Wittenberg was friendly, professional and awesome! His office staff was really nice as well. Made having a broken foot a lot less awful. Highly recommend to anyone who needs a podiatrist in the area!
5	Dr W is a great guy. Very knowledgable, helpful, supportive. Guided me down the proper path to fit my individual needs. He came highly recommended and now I know why. Thanks Dr W!!Office staff is very friendly and helpful as well.
5	I recommend Dr. Wittenberg and the office staff keeps it all casual and comfortable. I appreciate how the doctor talks with you about what's going on and what to expect. I'm glad I came here.
