5	For those of you who complain Madison is bereft of Mexican food, I instruct you to check out El Pastor.  It's amazing authentic food where you will probably have to know at least minimal Spanish in order to interact with your server. Get away from downtown, and go here.
5	We've had dinner there 4 times and never had a bad meal. Prices can't be beat, service is super fast and friendly and the place is spotless.
3	Yes , it is better than other Mexican restaurants in Madison. But please don't expect the most authentic stuff. It's good food, but there isn't so much I can rave about.  OK margarita, ok tacos  - the meats on the tacos were little on the dry side, and I wished they had more homemade salsa rather than the bottled hot sauce.  Good volume on plates.
5	HUITLACOHE!!! HUITLACOCHE!! THEY HAVE HUITLACOHE and it's delicioso.  Otherwise known as corn-fungus, this is a delicacy I have only learned about in my foodways courses and read about in the pretentious Gourmet magazine.  It's damn delicious in quesadilla form.  Subtle mushroom-like base w/ a slight touch of acidity and an even slighter touch of garlic. Their melt-tender lamb barbacoa was rich and satisfying.  The orange cake my friend ordered was much the same -- it had fresh rind and icing layers so thick and fluffy. that I had to do everything in my power not to stick my fingers into it.
2	I appreciate they have a large variety of vegetarian fares. In addition to normal bean filling; they have spinach, avocado and mushroom as options. The prices are cheap -- even cheaper if you order off the ala carte menu. Sometimes when you go at night, the servers can be hard to catch. The food is OK. I'm not a huge fan of the salsa/chips. I like the spiciness of the salsa but the chips usually seem quite salty. Despite all this, I still go here from time to time because it is quite cheap, dependable and open late.
4	This place is pretty straight forward. It's very much where the local Madison resident population hangs out/gets their food. I could see the food being less consistently good at times just because the place seems very informal. The price is right though and it hasn't bit me yet. Portions aren't too shabby and they have everything you might need.  Take a ride on the wild side, head done Park St. and give this simple but more authentic joint a chance.
4	We go to El Pastor a lot.  We like the chips, we like the salsa, we like the 2 dollar dos equis pints, and we like the atmosphere, which is not too clean and not too dirty, but just right.  (The only thing that we miss is a tv playing spanish language soaps).  I almost invariable get tacos, with el pastor as the meat.  $1.75 each.  Typical taco.  Corn torilla.  Three will fill you up. Comes with onion and cilantro and lime wedges.  My favorite item on the menu is the shrimp soup.  For $8.00 you get a piping hot bowl of shrimp (probably like 10-12) in a spicy shrimp flavored broth.  Make sure to order the shrimp whole, heads, shells, and legs and all.  Sure, it's messy eating them, but the shrimp remains tender and juicy, and you can also "suck the head," which sounds bad, but really, it's delicious.
3	One of the best places to eat meat at in Madison, it's all really tasty.  But jeez louise stay away from that huitaloche load of disgusting crap.  Service is also a little slow here and I had to ask a few times for another drink.  But the food is good so it's worth it.  Just stay away from the gross corn fungus!
5	I just want to mention that the caldo de res here is really very good.  I pack away a whole bowl.  I've had caldo de res other places, and this one is particularly fresh tasting.  The beef is nice and tender, the broth is flavorful, and vegetables are fresh tasting.  I don't claim to be an expert on the dish, but of all the places I've eaten at in Madison, it's my absolute favorite.  I'd order it again, and again (and in fact I've been doing that).
4	Great tacos.  Great service.  Kind of a dive looking place.  I recommend giving it a shot though.
1	Very disappointing. I was here once before for lunch and the place was packed and we were all happy with our food. this time the place was almost empty, but since it was raining, I figured, don't worry. I should have gone with my instincts. A previous reviewer recommended the Lamb Barbacoa, but I was not impressed with it. It was greasy and bland. Served with a huge piece of gristle about 5-6 inches long. The rice was boring and the beans thick and gluey. My husband had a quesadilla, but it also was only ok, and very bland. the best part of the meal was the $2.50 dos equis which was ice cold and very refreshing.
2	I agree with Mio, it's not authentic but you probably wont find anything better in Madison.  The salsa was not spicy, the chips were stale.  The chile relleno tasted like it had been fried last week, the tostada had chewy meat on it. The beans were good but heck I eat the beans at Taco Bell too.  Everyone in Madison raves about this place and either they are natives who have never had a decent taco in their life or they are just settling for what is available.
2	We had a second gift certificate to use, so we went back, for lunch this time and stuck to the mainstream of the menu with a pork chimichanga and a pork burrito, both of which were enormous and pretty good.
5	I ate here only once, but there were really top-notch tacos, and cheap.  Highly authentic.  Very fresh ingredients.  The meat was cooked just right.  The chips and salsa were also top-notch.I am eager to return here to try more options.  But this place offers great tacos for cheap, and that's enough to keep me coming back.=)
4	This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison. The feel of the place and the food seems very authentic. But it is also just damn good.
3	The mole enchiladas were pretty good, I'd go back for those. I also liked their salsa - was different. The pastor taco was just okay.It's a clean restaurant and isn't in a bad part of town. $2.50 beers is a plus. Overall, just okay.
5	We eat here ALL the time. The food is always great--authentic Mexican--definitely not TexMex. Staff is always super friendly and the guacamole is delicious, as are the tacos!They serve breakfast too!
3	Tried this place out recently and found the food to be fresh but not a lot of flavor.   The hot sauce was very good though.   The chimichanga was the best.   The Tacos and burrito were ok but the chicken was a little dry.  I would go back to try again.  The staff was friendly.
4	The tacos here are fantastic. Super fresh meat, cilantro, cheese, etc. They are really friendly there, and also make a good margarita.  The steak tacos are my favorite. You can taste the homemade deliciousness!
4	Tamales are excellent!  Staff is friendly and the place is pleasant.  I had the taco dinner with an extra tamale to go.  The rice and beans are authentic and I really did like the tacos very much.  The only complaint I had was their hot sauce really wasn't hot enough for my taste but all in all, I will be back.
4	Some of the best tacos in town.  No frill restaurant that serves up great food at great prices.  Love their pastor taco as well as their chorizo tacos.  Very clean but sparse restaurant
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant in town. I think Taqueria Guadalajara has better food in general, but I prefer El Pastor. The tacos are just as good and it is easier to get to and always easy to get a seat; and the tacos are fantastic! The staff is very welcoming, making it easy to come back regularly.If you order one of the meals, get an extra taco a la carte. They are too good to come in here and not have at least one.
2	Had the marinated pork burrito.  The pork was very good - juicy and flavorful.  The rest, however, just wasn't good.  The tortilla was noticeably sweet - an interesting touch, but it just didn't work with the rest of the ingredients.  Rice was a bit acrid, as well.  Despite the good reviews I've seen, it's unfortunately a place that I probably won't be going back to.
5	This is one of my standby places to eat. The lengua and cabeza tacos are always great, and super cheap too. I've never had bad service there.I find it to be sort of halfway between taqueria-style and Meximerican. Which I have no problem with, whatsoever.
5	This place rocks.  Service is a challenge at time, but the natural food MORE than makes up for it.  Price can't be beat, either.  Owner Lino is a hoot, and really cares about the product he serves and the customers he serves it to...
4	I have been to El Pastor plenty of times but haven't had the chance to review it. The fact that I have been back many times should be a tell-tale sign that I enjoy their food, but let me explain why I am a fan.I am Mexican-American (Chicana) and I got some delicious, authentic Mexican fare made by my wonderful mom while growing up, so if I go to a Mexican restaurant a second time, it has to be good.El Pastor is honestly one of the only Mexican restaurants I go to in Madison when I am craving some yummy tacos or some mole.My personal favorite are their tacos de lengua (cow tongue for my adventurous eaters). Sprinkled with onions and cilantro, they are simple perfection. I also enjoy their chicken flautas, gorditas, and anything covered with their mole. Don't forget to wash everything down with their sweet horchata (flavored rice milk)!Of course nothing will compare to mom's home cooking, so I can't give them a 5 star, but man am I hungry after writing this. Yum!
4	The excellent food more than makes up for the lack of ambience. My favorite were the tacos- chorizo, cabeza, lengua and pastor. The menudo was really good, too. Will definitely return.
4	I live close to La Mestiza on Madison's west side, but I'd rather go to El Pastor. It's quieter, the staff is friendlier, and the food is great.I've had several things off the menu (all good) but my favorite, by far, is the whole fried tilapia. It is exactly as billed - a whole fish, lightly floured and fried to perfection. It's fiddly food, to be sure - you're picking around a carcass. But it is absolutely delicious and well worth the effort. The fish comes with your choice of rice and beans, or salad and fries. Both options come with tortillas on the side, so you can make your own fish tacos, if you like. The margaritas are great - and are 2-for-1 on Wednesday evenings. They also have a variety of Mexican soft drinks (including Mexican Coca-Cola, made with sugar). And beer, of course.My dining companion and I have been here so often, in fact, that we have a code for when one of us wants to go to El Pastor. We just say, "Let's go eat a fish." We always leave sated and happy.
3	I love tacos. Plain and simple. And that is how I like my tacos too; plain and simple; your taco meat (or vegetables for you non-animal eating people) with onions and cilantro. El Pastor gives it to you just like that. The tacos I ate yesterday were a 4-5. That is the truth. I was hungry and I wanted tacos. They themselves were brilliant. However, if I am going to rate the entire overall experience I am giving my experience from yesterday a 3/5. Maybe it was because I was crabby from being up until 4 am, but I felt like I was waiting for an eternity for my food to arrive. When I arrived to El Pastor we were seated but it took a while for our waitress to come greet us, and I actually believe it was the host that eventually came back to take our drink order and not even our waitress. For 2 pm on a Sunday afternoon, there were people in there but not enough people in there for me to have to wait as long as I did. I do believe my linner? Lunner? (lunch and dinner?) was the same as the man-friends. I think we both had the pork, chicken, and chorizo tacos. Bless those tacos. I would bill the chicken tacos as my least favorite of the three yesterday with the chorizo being the stand-out star. It was spiced beautifully and served at a perfect temperature. It was slightly more charred than what I would have liked, but hey, it was still pretty darn good. Will I be back?Duh.But will it be anytime soon? Probably not, as I am hearing of this new taco hot-spot on the east side that I believe needs to be checked out soon.
4	El Pastor is really great! The staff is friendly, the food is authentic and very well made, the portions are a good size, and price is certainly right. Compared to the late Taqueria Guadalajara, just down the street, it comes up a bit short with its ambience and charm, but it makes up for it with plenty of space, and everything else already mentioned. I've never been disappointed here with any menu item!
4	Solid cheap Mexican food. Yummy margaritas. The chicken and pork is better than the beef. Beef quality is actually not great.I suggest the fajitas and burritos. You'll have leftovers.
3	I visited El Pastor a few nights ago and was a bit disappointed.  I had bookmarked it based on a few reviews and finally found the time to go for dinner.  I ordered the chicken fajitas which are usually a hit in most places.  I don't know what it was but I didn't really enjoy it.  I think maybe it was because there wasn't really a Mexican flavor, who knows.  Either way, the fajitas were def not a hit.I will be back to this place though.  They have a large menu and it's possible that I ordered the one bad thing on the menu.  Also, they have a bar; one that is separate from the actual restaurant.  I can't discount this place until I've truly experienced their bar.  Only a monster would do that and I'm no monster!I would give this place 2.5 stars for now but look forward to updating my review after another visit.
2	Service was fine but the food was pretty mediocre. I had the verde enchilladas and they were just rather meh. Too much cilantro and otherwise rather bland.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! I continually order the same thing, but I tell myself I will one day try something else :-). I do not agree with another reviewer who said that their steak quality is not good, I actually think it's QUITE good for the price and expectations you would have for this type of restaurant. Quality service.I've been there MANY TIMES and WILL RETURN!
3	I think someone else said, "Solid, cheap Mexican food..." and I can go with that too. Mind, that's a compliment in Madison, where bad or indifferent Mexican that's toned down for the locals abounds. I'd go back to el Pastor for one main reason: the rice and beans were good. If you can get this right with me, you will do ok. El Pastor delivers with rice that is lightly seasoned and dry on the plate and beans that have a little texture rather tahn a pasty mess. Good job guys.I had the "Taste of Mexico" combination with a chile relleno, a pork taco, and a tamale (chicken, though they don't specify on the menu). The chile relleno was good and cooked nicely, but was not topped with ranchero salsa. This was unusual but still good, and allowed me to use that salsa they provide for your tortilla chips and that proved a better combination. The tamale was fat and heavy with meat which was a high point. However, the taco was a little boring and I was unimpressed -- too much fat and not enough spice.They have Pacifico both in bottles and on tap, which is a nice bonus. The menu is priced fairly and service was good; I just wish the food had a little more oomph...I'll go back and try some other items, such as the enchiladas mole. Until then, el Pastor is a fine stop if you're hungry but I wouldn't make it a destination.
3	Whenever I try out a new Mexican restaurant, I always get a Chile Relleno because this reflects most accurately to me the quality of the kitchen.  Too many places just put some fake cheese on a bell pepper and hope you don't notice. Let me say it was a solid chile relleno. Great melty queso oaxaca, the poblanos had just a touch of heat, and the eggs were stiff enough to hold up even though I got it to go! Good stuff and freshly made.The easy part is what they messed up though!I got an al pastor burrito and was very disappointed.  Al pastor should be nice and crispy, like it just came off the trompo. This meat though, was likely sitting in a serving bin under a heat lamp for hours.  Too bad after such a promising start.
4	A second visit at 8:30 on a Monday night yielded good service, generous portions, and a great plate of chicken enchiladas rojas topped with a tasty cheese. The beans and rice were just as good as on my first visit and the little salad of iceberg lettuce, a slice of tomato, and sliced onion was fresh, crisp, and cold.I'll definitely be back.
2	Boring.  This place was recommended to me by several people.  And I want to stop talking to them now.  It was a complete let down.  First, of all, the prices?  What?! Three tacos, rice and beans $9?  No thank you.Second, the tacos were $1.50 extra if you wanted cheese.  Then it was mozzarella cheese?  Gross.  If I wanted mozzarella, I would eat Italian.  Third, the food was ok.  Nothing special.  Nothing amazing.  The salsa they put on the table was sweet and hot.  No one wants to eat that.  I had chorizo tacos and they were just ok...just ok.  This is what Mexican food is for people who know nothing about a good taco.  Harsh?  I know.  But the truth is the truth.  And my tacos were terrible.  I have used "ok" probably about twenty times during this review.  It got two stars because the service was friendly.
2	TacoQuest 2013 hits a rough patchNeeding to grab a quick bite to eat before heading out of town for my daughter's basketball game, I dropped by El Pastor for some carry out nourishment.  I ordered a trio of tacos: the pastor, the lengua and the aguacate.The verdict:  Exceedingly average.  While better than the slop served by Taco Bell, it is well below the quality of the tacos I have recently enjoyed at America Latina or Los Gemelos.The $1.99 aguacate taco was a big tube of goo and impossible to eat on the go.  It was a puree of avocado and refried beans topped with lettuce, tomato and onions.  Any attempt to pick it up would result in the unsupported end dumping the contents on my lap. Even with a healthy dose of salsa, this dish was bland and uninspired.The $1.99 lengua taco has had numerous flaws.  Unlike the aguacate taco, there was a great deal of textural contrast, but not in a good way. While most of the meat was tender and well seasoned, every other bite yielded a morsel that had the texture of well-chewed bubble gum, not what I wanted to encounter on my virgin foray with beef tongue.  To make matters worse, the roughly diced onions that topped this taco had an extremely sulfuric taste that overpowered the rest of the dish.  The last problem I had with this taco was how it was packaged for my carryout order.  It was double wrapped in paper and foil, so the corn tortillas were well steamed when I opened up the packaging and they disintegrated when I tried to pick it up.  The one positive was that generous amount of meat filling.   The $1.99 pastor taco was the best prepared of the three tacos, but that was the only thing going for it.  The pork filling was generous in quantity and but again under seasoned.  I did not detect any of the pineapple that usually provides an accent to this dish. The salsa I received with my order did not help things out much.   It was similar to the bottled salsa I find at the local Piggly Wiggly (and that is not a good attribute for a Mexican restaurant).  Since this was a carry out order, I cannot comment about the service, other than the hostess was courteous and my food was ready to go within five minutes of ordering it.
1	I am constantly on the search for great Mexican in the Madison area and I was needless to say based off my 1 star, a little let down. Nothing special that I could put my finger on with this hole in the wall.I ordered my usual, hoping for a great steak taco topped with some true Mexican cheese, and I was given something nothing close to what I wanted. El Pastor, you are claiming to be authentic Mexican right? Why are you not using authentic Mexican cheese and spices? Unacceptable.Not to mention, the steak sucked. Not flavored at all. Straight up tasted like it had been cooked hours before serving. What are you trying to pull here? There were like 3 other people seated and it was 2pm on a Saturday. Take the time and grill me up some fresh steak. Not cool. I don't even know if I should start with the mess of beans and horrible rice thrown on my plate. Seriously, take some time and make it look nice. But I guess if it ends up tasting like it did (horrible), it might as well look the part too.Overpriced "want to be Mexican food" is what I call this. I was told by a work friend that this place was pure Mexican food heaven, and now I have to look this person in the face and say, "Your taste in Mexican food sucks". Thanks El Pastor, you have made a soon to be awkward moment for me!
3	I'm kind of surprised I gave this 2 stars a few years ago. Although I can say I still don't find a lot of the menu items overwhelmingly good - there is one simple item that is absolutely stunning here, the Chimichangas. The avocado one and spinach ones I get from time to time are what really sets this place on a pretty regular delivery/dine-in option for me.
4	The prices are average but the food is above average. The portions were generous and everything was well made. Although the seating area seems generic I would have given 5 stars if the service had been better.
1	Worst Steak Tacos...EVER. Tasted like marinated cardboard served in newspaper. Really and I don't normally give restaurants bad reviews.
4	This is our "go-to" place for Mexican. Best taste and by far most authentic around. If you don't like real Mexican food feel free to stop at the taco bell next door.
4	Had lunch here today. Service was friendly (truly friendly, not "I want a tip" friendly), food was fast, fresh, and tasty. I had the huevos rancheros... often the egg is tough with this dish, but it was cooked properly here. The maize tortillas are AWESOME.I skipped the beans as I don't eat pork and they smelled like they were cooked with lard... I didn't ask about this because I knew the eggs, rice, and tortillas would be enough.All the salsa is homemade and authentic...if you are looking for sweet, tomato-ey salsa, this is not it...it has a deep, rich, earthy flavor. Did I mention they make all of it from scratch!Lunch was $8 including a beverage. But the number #1 thing about this place is its people.
2	They're ok. The steak isn't tender so that means it's not my first nor second choice. But I do stop in when I specifically just want chicken tamales, rice and beans. Not as attentive sometimes, I have to ask for every detail and one time the waiter got frustrated. I may not know everything they have, excuse me. Maybe he didn't understand me. I wanted mole sauce for my tamale.
4	I usually get the meat entrees but I just LOVE their avocado chimichangas! So crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. Definitely worth a try!  Chips and salsa were just ok.
3	Dont let the crowd or lack of crowd throw you off they Always serve delicious food as if as you are one of the family, classic food done right.
1	I went there once and will not be back. I ordered the steak fajitas and was disappointed firstly when the plate came out as just a plate and not a sizzling entree as per usual with fajitas. However, the taste was much worse. The steak was of the lowest quality I've tasted (it looked boiled more than pan seared, and was mostly fat). There was so much salt on the fajitas that I couldn't even eat them. That being said, our waiter was a nice guy who gave us good service, but the food that i got was too bad to make it worth going back for me.
