3	Their slogan is "shelter from the mainstream".  If their content ever matched their slogan I would read it voraciously every week.  Coming from Chicago where they acquired and demolished The Chicago Reader, which was a great example of alternative entertainment editorial that provided a thorough review of weekend activities coming up, I must say I resent what they did to it.  Everything you'll read in the Loafer is in the past tense because they only report about what's already happened the previous week.  The day they get ahead of the game and report on upcoming events so we can actually read about and go to them,as opposed to telling us what their reporting staff managed to attend last week, is they day I become a true fan.
3	I have mixed feelings about Creative Loafing. It sometimes feels a bit snooty, and not in a "Oh, aren't you cool to be reading us?" kind of way...more like "Are you sure you're cool enough to be reading us?" And I agree with Jason L. that the only way to get information about upcoming events is to read the ads, which is what occupies much of the space in the paper anyway. I've often found myself picking it up, flipping through and looking at the pictures, and then tossing it aside. The writers fail to engage me, which is sad...I wanted Creative Loafing to be our version of the Village Voice. It just isn't.Their website is a great resource with listings of things to do, however, so I tend to visit it with some frequency. They also occasionally have some coupons you can buy to get half-off gift certificates for restaurants...I got a few for Creation, where if you spend $25 you can get $50 in food. It's a hard deal to beat.So I've come to accept CL as a kind of necessary evil...I do hope that it will one day be more of a positive force. It's got potential to be a real shelter from the mainstream...
3	I really can't pinpoint if I like Creative Loafing or not. It's a free weekly pick up for me, so that's always a plus. But the content is too hit or miss for me every week. They have their main cover story, which never seems to intrigue me, considering their slant on things. The only thing I usually check out are the advertisements, which is kind of weird, & some of the little things such as "News of the Weird" & horoscopes.The advertisements always clue me in on what's going on in the Queen City in the coming weeks, from bar specials, to bands playing the area. It really is odd that it's one of Creative Loafings best things, but I really do enjoy looking at the ads.So yeah, I'm not too keen on this publication, but I do pick it up every week to check out the little blurbs & advertisements. It's pretty amusing to read, even though I stay away from the cover story & editorials.
4	I enjoy reading Creative Loafing whenever I pick it up (usually over coffee).  It's informative, it's irreverent, and it's intellectual.  You can tell that it's written by left-leaning people in-the-know who want their voices to be heard, but also want you to laugh through the misery.  I've been able to learn a few things from their articles like details and opinions about the Iraq war, as well as who's the hottest bartender and retail associate in Charlotte.  Creative Loafing also keeps me abreast (tee hee!) of restaurants in town, holidays specials, events that are upcoming, movies that are playing, and new condos/homes that are being built.  I feel that I learn more from Creative Loafing about what I care about than say The Charlotte Observer or other news sources.  I'll definitely be doing my Thanksgiving research in Creative Loafing as to which place is offering a good Turkey Day meal for the best bucks.  There's no way in heck I'm baking the full-on dinner all day again this year.One of the best things I've found reading Creative Loafing is their Bites and Eats programs.  They feature select restaurants every month where you can buy restaurant gift certificates for 1/2 price to allow you to try new places, return to old favorites, or give as gifts!  The Eats program gives you $50 gift certificates for only $25; the Bites program gives you $30 gift certificates for only $15.  Score!  I've saved some major bucks going out to eat.  Now I've noticed they also have an Unwinds programs for discounted spa gift certificates.  Christmas is coming up, folks, and I could use a spa day!
4	I've always enjoyed the CL.  Use the band listings alot and enjoy seeing what all is going on in Charlotte.  I've been lucky enough to win tickets from them also for an oyster roast and a beer tasting.  I dont think its a
2	A creepy paper that lacks integrity. Good source for the nightlife though.
3	It seems like the only time I ever read CL is at Luigi's. I've been there lots of times, so I've picked up a few copies here and there. It's not usually hard hitting news, though occasionally the deep story slips in that never seem to get the same level of coverage from the Observer.Great sections on the local music scene and the sex column is usually good for a giggle. As for the Food and Dining Out, well, I've since discovered Yelp and so I'm using the Talk threads a bit more than CL.But hey, it's a neat little paper and good for a distraction if you don't want to use your phone to get news.
5	This was my go-to source for everything about Charlotte when I first moved here in June 2012!  The writing of the articles is top-notch and the layout of the magazine is perfect-easy to read and well-placed.  The events I have been to that have been hosted by CL (i.e. Best of Charlotte) are always incredible and memorable.  I recommend, especially if you are new to Charlotte, that you pick this up ASAP and use it to get to know your new city!
1	The worst newsletter ever. Just seen their latest cover portraying the Hidden Valley neighborhood as the most dangerous place to live.  That is a lie!! Creative Loafing staff needs to learn how thoroughly research before writing any article!! So now I will label Creative Loafing as " The Most Uneducated Newsletter Ever". Copy and print!!
