4	Thrifty Joe's is a cool little place; hidden in the back corner of a strip mall, near a big mega church and a steinmart i believe. This place is just a little nook of used books, cd's, games (vintage and newer: see their N-64 selection, pretty nice), vinyl, and some other odd little knick knacks. I dig this place mostly on nostalgia. haven't been there in years but in Highschool i used to sell my books for pocket change and herb$$ and they'd almost always take most of my stuff. i love their selection of vinyl, while granted its not along the lines of zia or something; but i bought  E.L.P's 1st album (Tarkus) and a copy of a Neil Diamonds greatest hits collection all for under $5 and they were practically mint!The classical book selection is great as well, there are a crap ton of quality authors from Camus to Emile Zola you can bet on finding a nice hardback for relatively cheap. Love ya TJ dont ever change!
2	Meh. Not a bad general used book store for the West Valley, but it's not Changing Hands or Bookman's. I stopped by since I had a Groupon and was in the area, but couldn't find anything real cool finds as I do elsewhere. Mainly used paperback best sellers, bibles, and other stuff you'd find at a mall Waldenbooks. Sure, support your small businesses if you live in the area, but don't go out of your way.
4	Joe's is the kind of neighborhood bookstore that has been waiting to be found. Passionate is a very good description of the people running it. Each employee seems to have some speciality in some area of the operation of the store. First, the book section is comfortable and though it might not have the vast selection of Changing Hands or Bookman's, there are some hidden gems waiting to be found. The film section is small, but a great area to explore. I have found discontinued Criterion films, hard to find low budget horror, foreign television box sets, and new release blu-rays. These finds are hard to come by new, let alone used. The vinyl section is probably the best kept secret at Joe's. A wide variety of selections, it's amazing that some of the vinyl is in good of condition that it is. Joe's is a gem, a nice store to browse around and waste a little time.Though every visit might not bear rewards, it's still a great place to talk books, music, and movies with people. Give the employee's a talking too, they enjoy the company and are surely grateful to find that in this world of downloadable everything, there are still purists that yearn for the discovery found in a good bookstore.
4	They have reg nintendo games to buy!!!!  enough said! You can also sell your games and books records all sorts of great stuff!  Great little place!
1	The book buyer is extremely rude, very put out to do HER job. I won't be returning. My husband had the same experience yesterday and I decided it was time to write a review. He ended up giving a nice bum some great books.
1	I had a similar experience to Brooke's. I have been to this place four times and I would have given it three stars up until my last visit.  The store is small but has quite an eclectic collection of books and I've never left empty handed. I spent close to $100 there last Christmas which amounted to about 30% of my overall budget for gifts. The service was average at best but I'm fanatical about supporting locally owned businesses. My one really negative experience I had there has me vowing to never return and go back to making my weekly trek to Changing Hands. I had brought two plastic tubs packed full of books to sell. I'm notorious for hoarding books and I always feel a bit emotional when letting some go but I was moving and wanted to thin my collection out a bit. I called ahead to inquire what time would be best to bring them in. When I arrived I carried the first box in a began to set it down to return for the second when a woman snapped at me and rudely said "don't set those there!".  I was a bit offended but chalked it up to her having a bad day.  Another customer walked in who she apparently knew and asked how things were going and she said "ok but the store will probably go under if I have to keep spending money on all the books people keep bringing in".  In retrospect I should have gathered up my books and left. I already was a little bummed about parting with the books and now I'm feeling like I'm an inconvenience to this woman. The guy behind the counter looked embarrassed by her behavior and told me it would be about an hour so I decided to browse around the store. I always keep a list of books I want to read on my phone so it thought I'd pick up my next couple of reads. The whole time I was obviously attempting to locate my books I was never once offered assistance, yet several other customers who came in after me were offered a warm greeting and assistance. I suppose it was because they had not had the audacity to bring in books to sell.  Maybe because I'm heavily tattooed with several piercings she had judged me as somebody not likely to spend much money in there.  Well I read a LOT of books and although I have an IPad I only read about 10% of them in digital format. Prior to walking in I had planned on just taking store credit for the books and would likely spend 5 times that much over the course of the year. After that miserable experience I took the money and ran.
5	We found tons of great vinyl records here. Excellent prices. The dollar bins held all of the treasures.
5	Again, we love this place. The staff is so pleasant. Vinyl selection is the best. This is always a true treasure hunt.  My husband and I are all for the privately owned book stores. Big box stores can't do what these guys can do!
4	Nice place great selection of books and trinkets. They have a USPS which is rad, because the real ones always have super long lines and turtle slow service. These guys are nice and fast. They also have old nes games how cool is that. The location is a little tucked aways. They are in the same lot at the Stein-mart.
2	Disappointed today. They have thousands of records piled up in the back and not a big selection on the sales floor. Geez, I would volunteer my time just to get to those things out on the floor. We go weekly and have seen nothing new in two weeks. Lots of money to spend :-(
2	Disappointed today. They have thousands of records piled up in the back and not a big selection on the sales floor. Geez, I would volunteer my time just to get to those things out on the floor. We go weekly and have seen nothing new in two weeks. Lots of money to spend :-(
4	Whoever thought to combine a full service post office with a terrific used book store is a genius! It seems like every time I am here I use both. Large selection of books of all types at great prices. Many current titles.
4	I've been coming here off and on over the years since it used to be right next to the theaters. The theaters are long gone and in place there is a church. The actual store is a lot bigger now. Pretty good selection of books. They have a lot of obscure foreign language/English dictionaries which I thought was pretty cool. That's probably just me though. They have a decent sized collection of vinyl for such a small place. A handful of CDs as well but nothing like the selection you would see at Bookman's. They will buy paperbacks, CDs and vinyl. Prices for what they give you seem a bit random though. Whatever the case, it is worth checking out from time to time.
1	Awful customer service.
2	As a record store: certainly not the worst record store in Phoenix, as they usually have a good selection, but for some reason they replace all inner sleeves with a brand new generic one. I can understand doing this for original sleeves which might be ruined, or missing, but  literally every record I looked at had a brand new white sleeve with no trace of the original. For most people this might be ok, but the original sleeve is part of the collectible. Especially with Beatles and Stones, it's nice to have the original Capitol or London sleeves. While not a huge issue for the average record purchaser, buyer beware if you are a collector.
4	Good Used Bookstore - Nice Selection - Lot's of CD's and Vinyl too!  Appears to be well organized and visually appealing displays...  Found one of the two books I was looking for so it was a successful trip.  Would like to be able to search to see if you have the book in the store before I come like dog eared books allows me to do!
4	I love this little hidden store. I always find a treasure. Great selection of old books and vinyl. Store is a little disorganized and the manager lady didn't greet me even though she looked right at me when I walked in, but I'm not there to chat with her thought, I'm there to find awesome stuff! Definitely check it out!!
1	I have been here before and the selection is okay and the people fine. I went in to sell some books today and the old woman behind the front desk was down-right rude. On top of that, she just meandered around as if we all had all the time in the world while she moved books back and forth between shelves. It was definitely a wasted trip for me and one that I will not ever again repeat. Next time I will go back to Bookmans.
